  well , see , that 's what i say is fine . 
  the problem i have is that even when the same narrow topic is written up , it 's discussed differently according to where you are . 
  as i wrote below , it would be different mater entirely if the differences were broadly spread and truly academic in nature , but since they tend to be geographically - nationally bound it 's difficult to see how it could be the result of legitimate academic disagreement rather than politics , sentiment and other baggage . 
  all 28 of them ( not counting the kid ) . 
  and not a single competent video editor among them . 
  i never suggested that any sort of regulation should be imposed , simply that i have a problem with a situation where each country has its own historical dogma . 
  ubiquitous ~ ~ plurality ~ ~ pluralism would be a fine solution to the `` map of histories '' problem . 
  i mostly brought this up because i recently became aware of a practice by which children in bih are thought history from different books depending on their ethnicity . 
  bosnian croats learn from books imported from croatia , bosnian serbs import books from serbia , and bosnian muslims print books in sarajevo and ship them to different parts of the country . 
  the problem is nowhere near as critical between different european countries , but i think the principle is transferable . 
  i am , actually . 
  if there is n't enough objective historical truth to produce substantively compatible literature for basic and secondary education , then what 's the difference between history and theology ? 
  interpretations and viewpoints will differ , ofcourse , especially since the historical record is never complete , but it seems highly problematic , that they differ in line with geography . 
  there are multiple schools of thought in many sciences ( regarding unsettled issues ) , but you ca n't draw a map of them . 
  you can do that with religion . 
  and if that 's what history is ( in some ways ) , it should be clearly labelled as such . 
  edit : also , i 'm not sure that any classroom below university level is an appropriate place for extensive exploration of unsettled issues . 
  tldr : bite-size videos , here : * [ ljubljana ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcrii1lis7m ) * [ lake bled ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lwh902bb9y ) * [ julian alps and so\u010da river valley ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bloic07t29q ) * [ piran ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsmu9yllp2i ) * [ skocjan caves ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8skiaueu19e ) * [ postojna cave ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awwoqczs7tm ) thank you , rick steves . 
  if you 're planing to make a day of it you should definitely take the long way via the so\u010da river valley via kobarid , bovec and the vr\u0161i\u010d pass . 
  you may be able to squeeze in the postojna or \u0160kocjan caves but i 'm not sure . 
  [ velika planina ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/velika_planina ) ant the [ valey below it ] ( http://www.velikaplanina.si/what-to-see/in-the-kamniska-bistrica-valley ), 
  my family spans the spectrum from moderate catholic through agnostic catholic all the way to atheist catholic . 
  btw , not trying to be funny in case there was any confusion . 
  we do all the usual christmas stuff including mass . 
  i do n't believe a word of it , but the church does tend to give it all they have this time of year , and i enjoy the music , decorations and general atmosphere . 
  also , the sermons are almost always universalist feel-good ones . 
  i do n't think that christmas is owned by christianity . 
  they took it over from the pagans , so it 's perfectly natural for us modern-day godless heathens to carry the torch into the 22nd century and beyond . 
  we 're up for it . 
  fyi - the rail network you left here could use some upkeep . 
  i 'd be reserved about this sort of thing . 
  if we 're talking about terrorism , that 's common sense . 
  but we do n't want to open the floodgates for governments to do whatever they want . 
  the david miranda incident holds me back quite strongly here . 
  good , can we just adopt that more widely please ? 
  the same is true of the eu , and yet they are passed on time anyway . 
  this should not be held against us . 
  see that actually makes it more strange , because if there were euro-bonds , it 's unclear what the principles of their function would be . 
  s&p may as well be interpreting chicken entrails . 
  a default does n't just mean repay , but repay on time . 
  you can only do that if the legislature does n't mess up in an insane way , so worst case scenario would be no budget , no continuing resolution and no dept limit rise passed --  bonds mature , with no existing mechanism to repay the bond holders --  credit event ( default ) not sure how that could happen with the eu since it does n't issue bonds and there is therefore no debt to default on ... why is there even a rating ? 
  anyone else think that this is odd ? 
  the us has n't had a budget in years and it has the same rating as the eu which has always agreed a budget on time ( at least the yearly ones ) . 
  i 'd like to see * congress * pass a 7 year financial framework . 
  also , how is the nominal cut in the eu budget reason to downgrade the rating ? 
  if anything it should be the reverse , or am i missing something ? 
  now i do n't really have a problem with prioritising sidewalks and public transportation infrastructure over the convenience of car drivers . 
  it actually makes sense . 
  if the road is n't plowed as quickly , people have to drive more slowly , which is a slight inconvenience , but if you have to track through several cm of snow on foot , it 's a much greater problem . 
  i 've known people who do n't usually use a car for their daily commute decide to use it when it snows . 
  it 's good to prevent that . 
  but why is it being marketed as a female thing ? 
  does this win political points in sweden ? 
  just seems needlessly polarising to me . 
  edit : also , sweden : uniting muslims and feminists : s, 
  herman cain ? 
  at the end of the day , it really has to be the electorate which must learn to keep the government in check . 
  i think it 's great to have back-up from the bench on issues of great complexity , but that overdependence on judicial activism in the defence of liberty may lead to the atrophy of civil society 's willingness and ability to play that role . 
  this is potentially bad because in the event of a serious threat , the judges could be more easily neutralised then a well informed , motivated population . 
  edit : please take into accout that my comment is completely based on your text above and that i have almost no understanding of the difference between the two systems other than what has been written here . 
  yes . 
  that 's why i would like the ecb to do * that * along with the supervising . 
  ok , national self-interest , but how are they actually defending it in public ? 
  i mean if you have a single supervisor , how can you not also have a single resolution mechanism in the event that said supervisor fails ? 
  it 's federalising the control and nationalising the cost of its potential failure . 
  what are the chances that this might still be changed if anyone happens to know the details of the process ? 
  why would you want to drop them out of the sky when you can just use them as drones ? 
  added benefit : you can blame collateral damage on another country . 
  ( stop hitting yourself , brazil . ), 
  you should be fine so long as you do n't drive through andorra ... 
  i 'm not sure what the situation is there - it depends on the type of visa you have i think . 
  would you happen to know what the causes are ? 
  i do n't know much about internal french politics , so dumb it down if possible . 
  i 'm not all that worried about most of the above , but the rightward turn towards fn is genuinely scary . 
  it has been capped and they have to send you a warning that you must reply to in order to spend more than 50 $ or something , but it has n't been eliminated . 
  also , frequency auctions are still fragmented , so that sux, 
  because pay as you go is only ok for regular use ( all your life ) if you stay inside any one country ... when you leave , you pay roaming charges which add up quickly ... especially for data, 
  [ slovenia can into space !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jydbfcbqnh8 ), 
  slovenia has a similar prohibition in terms of not shutting off power to people who are n't able to pay ... 
  although i think the responsibility is on the consumer to enter protection papers raughter than on the utility to check before unplugging . 
  should be the other way round . 
  as usual , sweden seens to have the right idea . 
  russiatoday is going to have a field day . 
  black humour , my favourite, 
  to be fair , we make fun of pretty much every country that we know anything about . 
  though i have n't heard any austrian jokes for a long time . 
  the nsa has a new mission statement : every move you make every bond you break every step you take i 'll be watching you every single day every word you say every game you play every night you stay i 'll be watching you o ca n't you see you belong to me how my poor heart aches with every step you take every move you make every vow you break every smile you fake every claim you stake i 'll be watching you, 
  yay , russia has its own glenn beck !, 
  does he use a blackboard too ? 
  yes, 
  btw : [ the nsa has a new mission statement - it 's like it was actually written for this purpose ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omogaugkpzs ), 
  oooh , they mean sweden . 
  bih is triangular , montenegro is square shaped, 
  i just noticed that russia does n't have a constitutional ban just looks odd, 
  it 's the executive that has a seat at the council of the eu and therefore the veto . 
  unless the sabor can get rid of the marriage definition by way of a constitutional majority ( and avoid another referendum / or win it ) croatia would presumably veto any eu legislation requiring same sex marriage . 
  i have nothing against croats , but do they have to be so * in your face * about it ? 
  also , * limp wrist hand gesture *, 
  is n't the government obligated to defend the constitution ?
