  [ croats are fascists !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/far-right_politics_in_croatia ) / s, 
  [ es is zeit fur rache !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxokjwudruw ), 
   you would n't get very far before needing a boat anyway if you go fast enough , you do n't need a boat, 
  if all the efforts so far were quests for perfection , maybe half-assing it is worth a shot . 
   bonus : one of them got arrested because by the time raid was happening , guy decided to rob a bypasser . 
  silly cygan . 
  you need a banking license to do that sort of thing in plain sight . 
  like the first sound in ricardo ( in spanish ), 
  oh right . 
  for some reason i assumed they have a simple proportional system . 
  slovenian system best system !, 
  sadly the politicians suck donkey balls . 
  * in fair elections ? 
  i do n't like the guy , but the fact is that he got an unprecedented mandate in a clean election and as far as i know his party still enjoys majority support . 
  the interference with the judicial branch is objectively worrisome , but the rest of the stuff seems either legit or was walked back after claims of innocent mistake . 
  has anyone else ever gotten a single party constitutional majority in any other country ? 
  there 's always space let the americans and the chinese play around on the moon while we colonise mars . 
  it 's more hospitable than australia after all . 
  you were right . 
  the med looses water much faster than the rivers provide it . 
  the only reason it 's still there is because of feed-in from the atlantic, 
  nope . 
  the med evaporated much faster than it gets fed by the rivers . 
  if it were n't for the connection to the atlantic it would just be one long river . 
  parliament has a veto on this . 
  if they cave i will be so pissed !, 
  the mediterranean could be protected with very limited investment compared to the cost of inaction . 
  we might even get some hydro power out of it . 
  it 's all make believe , but you may as well do something productive with the lies . 
  submarine basements even, 
  why do n't you ever hear people say that it 's god 's punishment for using fossil fuels ? 
  or a test of human prudence in therms of flood defences ? 
  or something else non-crazy ? 
  olympics level investment . 
  any word on how they 'll actually be spending this ? 
  it would be far softer to cut a little from the cap . 
  it 's still almost half the eu budget . 
  i know it is n't the same thing , but i think it 's an [ equally ridiculous measure of cui bono/who benefits ] ( http://media.economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/20110806_wom959_0.gif ), 
  optimism : maybe he 's a big supporter of habitat for humanity . 
  i 'm not sure about this , but i think you ca n't do that with a minority in a parliamentary system . 
  ... on anything , ever . 
  agreed, 
  it does if you want any of the services that come from space based technology . 
  also , that 's a great argument to abolish all basic research funding . 
  the absolute figure , sure , but the trends should be interesting nonetheless . 
   the turkey that matters i 've been thinking this for so long and never had the guts to say it . 
  thank you , sir/madam . 
  the deficits are n't there because of the space programmes . 
  not if you 're dante . 
  that tripped me up as well . 
  especially since it 's the only solid number ( 20 ) that show up in the article . 
  ohh :(, 
  tha\u0165s how democracy works . 
  one issue parties get elected and over time their one issue is `` stolen '' by the bigger parties and they go away . 
  someone should ask the tourism board if they have an alibi . 
  it 's all about the drone 's eye view, 
  this is a cynical country . 
  it will be badly received . 
  to be fair though , hitler was a bit of an idiot , so ... 
  what do you mean merge ? 
  the eu is n't a melting pot and hopefully never will be . 
  victor hugo ( via user/gro-tsen ) :  a day will come when you france , you russia , you italy , you england , you germany , you all , nations of the continent , ** without losing your distinct qualities and your glorious individuality , ** will be merged closely within a superior unit and you will form the european brotherhood ... 
  you have n't seen it yet ? 
  it 's amazing !, 
  just make sure to mute the volume before you hit play . 
  you did n't order it , but you did agree to it in exchange for something that you wanted . 
  that 's how negotiations work . 
  2/3 is n't bad, 
  [ cheer up . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neonicotinoid#eu_restrictions ), 
  i know the opposition is a fragmented joke , but is n't there anyone in the akp that can get rid of this clown ? 
  that 's a great way to kill exporters a.k.a. 
  a huge part of the economy in europe, 
  you 're just hand waving at this point . 
  essentially tldr : * you 're wrong because i sure you 're wrong * it 's not about big words or coherent sentences . 
  it 's about coherent thoughts . 
  you 're either stockpiling yours in a strategic reserve somewhere or you simply do n't have any to begin with . 
  where 's romania getting all this electricity ? 
   you are too naive oh snap !, 
  where 'd you learn that , debate club ? 
  your position is not founded in reality . 
  since you ca n't defend it using substantive arguments , you 've decided to insult me - and failing to back that up as well . 
  allow me to respond in kind : you 're a doodie head !, 
  and what do capitalist use to count their dirty money ? 
  numbers !, 
  think about it . 
  the council consists of member state governments which are democratically elected . 
  the parliament is democratically elected . 
  the commission is appointed jointly by the council and the parliament ( in much the same way that executives are appointed in the most parliamentary democracies ) . 
  every major decision is made by unanimous consent . 
  the rest of the decisions are made by qualified majority ( that is to say a double majority ) which is a far more stringent standard than applied in any other democratic structure that i know of . 
  what part of that is undemocratic ? 
  for peace , you need trust . 
  for trust , you need a consistent , stable partner . 
  the best way of getting that is to have institutional leadership which does n't quake based on an individual 's state of mind . 
  it 's easier for democracies to coexist with one another than with more exotic types of government . 
  let 's face it ; we do all look the same . 
  wow .
