  and once they did , nothing changed - so , still no correnation . 
  i think europe has the capacity to fix libya and should mobilise that capacity asap . 
  not because we owe it to anyone , but because it 's the smart thing to do . 
  at the same time , it 's essential to recognise the fact that libya 's problems are very much home grown . 
  the perpetual lack of any sate institutions , the tribal loyalties , the structural dependence on the hydrocarbon sector , the rejection of secularism etc. 
  the intervention may have been the straw which broke the camel 's back , but it 's nowhere close to being the underlying cause of the current situation . 
  iraq + full western intervention = shitshow libya + moderate western intervention = shitshow syria + no western intervention = shitshow seems to me that the amount of western intervention is n't really correlated with the shitty-ness of the show . 
  there 's a case to be made that rebuilding libya is in our pragmatic self interest , but i do n't agree that there 's some debt to be paid here . 
  the us did n't owe anything to anyone after wwii , but the marshall plan ended up being a stroke of genius . 
  since when is that a rule ? 
  also , i 'm fine with nin-intervention . 
  but next time there 's some huge massacre in the middle east and all we do is issue verbal condemnations , i do n't want to hear people bitching about how we 're abdicating a humanitarian responsibility . 
  a similar logic applies refugee flows . 
  either we 're separate or we 're not . 
  the issue is that most of the people in the region and many people outside it do n't believe this to be true - and this unjustified idea has been allowed to spread without much opposition for far too long . 
  that 's what happens when you try to prevent a genocide in the middle east - you disrupt the natural ecology of the region . 
  it would help if you were a bit more specific . 
  text in case of paywall : when sir mark sykes and fran\u00e7ois georges-picot secretly drew their lines on the map of the levant to carve up the ottoman empire in may 1916 , at the height of the first world war , they could scarcely have imagined the mess they would set in train : a century of imperial betrayal and arab resentment ; instability and coups ; wars , displacement , occupation and failed peacemaking in palestine ; and almost everywhere oppression , radicalism and terrorism . 
  in the euphoria of the uprisings in 2011 , when one awful arab autocrat after another was toppled , it seemed as if the arabs were at last turning towards democracy . 
  instead their condition is more benighted than ever . 
  under abdel-fattah al-sisi , egypt is even more wretched than under the ousted dictator , hosni mubarak . 
  the state has broken down in iraq , syria , libya and yemen . 
  civil wars rage and sectarianism is rampant , fed by the contest between iran and saudi arabia . 
  the jihadist `` caliphate '' of islamic state ( is ) , the grotesque outgrowth of sunni rage , is metastasising to other parts of the arab world . 
  bleak as all this may seem , it could become worse still . 
  if the lebanese civil war of 1975-90 is any gauge , the syrian one has many years to run . 
  other places may turn ugly . 
  algeria faces a leadership crisis ; the insurgency in sinai could spread to egypt proper ; chaos threatens to overwhelm jordan ; israel could be drawn into the fights on its borders ; low oil prices are destabilising gulf states ; and the proxy conflict between saudi arabia and iran might lead to direct fighting . 
  all this is not so much a clash of civilisations as a war within arab civilisation . 
  outsiders can not fix it -- though their actions could help make things a bit better , or a lot worse . 
  first and foremost , a settlement must come from arabs themselves . 
  beware of easy answers arab states are suffering a crisis of legitimacy . 
  in a way , they have never got over the fall of the ottoman empire . 
  the prominent ideologies -- arabism , islamism and now jihadism -- have all sought some greater statehood beyond the frontiers left by the colonisers . 
  now that states are collapsing , arabs are reverting to ethnic and religious identities . 
  to some the bloodletting resembles the wars of the former yugoslavia in the 1990s . 
  others find parallels with the religious strife of europe 's thirty years war in the 17th century . 
  whatever the comparison , the crisis of the arab world is deep and complex . 
  facile solutions are dangerous . 
  four ideas , in particular , need to be repudiated . 
  first , many blame the mayhem on western powers -- from sykes-picot to the creation of israel , the franco-british takeover of the suez canal in 1956 and repeated american interventions . 
  foreigners have often made things worse ; america 's invasion of iraq in 2003 released its sectarian demons . 
  but the idea that america should turn away from the region -- which barack obama seems to embrace -- can be as destabilising as intervention , as the catastrophe in syria shows . 
  lots of countries have blossomed despite traumatic histories : south korea and poland -- not to mention israel . 
  as our special report ( see article ) sets out , the arab world has suffered from many failures of its own making . 
  many leaders were despots who masked their autocracy with the rhetoric of arab unity and the liberation of palestine ( and realised neither ) . 
  oil money and other rents allowed rulers to buy loyalty , pay for oppressive security agencies and preserve failing state-led economic models long abandoned by the rest of the world . 
  a second wrong-headed notion is that redrawing the borders of arab countries will create more stable states that match the ethnic and religious contours of the population . 
  not so : there are no neat lines in a region where ethnic groups and sects can change from one village or one street to the next . 
  a new sykes-picot risks creating as many injustices as it resolves , and may provoke more bloodshed as all try to grab land and expel rivals . 
  perhaps the kurds in iraq and syria will go their own way : denied statehood by the colonisers and oppressed by later regimes , they have proved doughty fighters against is . 
  for the most part , though , decentralisation and federalism offer better answers , and might convince the kurds to remain within the arab system . 
  reducing the powers of the central government should not be seen as further dividing a land that has been unjustly divided . 
  it should instead be seen as the means to reunite states that have already been splintered ; the alternative to a looser structure is permanent break-up . 
  a third ill-advised idea is that arab autocracy is the way to hold back extremism and chaos . 
  in egypt mr sisi 's rule is proving as oppressive as it is arbitrary and economically incompetent . 
  popular discontent is growing . 
  in syria bashar al-assad and his allies would like to portray his regime as the only force that can control disorder . 
  the contrary is true : mr assad 's violence is the primary cause of the turmoil . 
  arab authoritarianism is no basis for stability . 
  that much , at least , should have become clear from the uprisings of 2011 . 
  the fourth bad argument is that the disarray is the fault of islam . 
  naming the problem as islam , as donald trump and some american conservatives seek to do , is akin to naming christianity as the cause of europe 's wars and murderous anti-semitism : partly true , but of little practical help . 
  which islam would that be ? 
  the head-chopping sort espoused by is , the revolutionary-state variety that is decaying in iran or the political version advocated by the besuited leaders of ennahda in tunisia , who now call themselves `` muslim democrats '' ? 
  to demonise islam is to strengthen the manichean vision of is . 
  the world should instead recognise the variety of thought within islam , support moderate trends and challenge extremists . 
  without islam , no solution is likely to endure . 
  reform or perish all this means that resolving the crisis of the arab world will be slow and hard . 
  efforts to contain and bring wars to an end are important . 
  this will require the defeat of is , a political settlement to enfranchise sunnis in iraq and syria , and an accommodation between iran and saudi arabia . 
  it is just as vital to promote reform in countries that have survived the uprisings . 
  their rulers must change or risk being cast aside . 
  the old tools of power are weaker : oil will remain cheap for a long time and secret policemen can not stop dissent in a networked world . 
  kings and presidents thus have to regain the trust of their people . 
  they will need `` input '' legitimacy : giving space to critics , whether liberals or islamists , and ultimately establishing democracy . 
  and they need more of the `` output '' variety , too : strengthening the rule of law and building productive economies able to thrive in a globalised world . 
  that means getting away from the rentier system and keeping cronies at bay . 
  america and europe can not impose such a transformation . 
  but the west has influence . 
  it can cajole and encourage arab rulers to enact reforms . 
  and it can help contain the worst forces , such as is . 
  it should start by supporting the new democracy of tunisia and political reforms in morocco -- the european union should , for example , open its markets to north african products . 
  it is important , too , that saudi arabia opens its society and succeeds in its reforms to wean itself off oil . 
  the big prize is egypt . 
  right now , mr sisi is leading the country to disaster , which would be felt across the arab world and beyond ; by contrast , successful liberalisation would lift the whole region . 
  without reform , the next backlash is only a matter of time . 
  but there is also a great opportunity . 
  the arabs could flourish again : they have great rivers , oil , beaches , archaeology , youthful populations , a position astride trade routes and near european markets , and rich intellectual and scientific traditions . 
  if only their leaders and militiamen would see it . 
  nobody knows the french labor code . 
  it makes the collected works of shakespeare look like a pamphlet . 
  that 's the problem . 
  according to the article , these particular union workers are a very small part of the labor force in the affected facilities , much less the public at large . 
   everyone always worries that `` this time it wo n't work out '' . 
  maybe it wo n't , but these fears are n't new and it 's always been okay . 
  there an assumption here that demand growth is unlimited and meets no increased resistance as people 's absolute wealth increases . 
  that 's a questionable assumption to say the least . 
  the other dynamic which is brushed aside here is the speed of the change . 
  automation in its previous iterations was a far slower process than what we 're beginning to see now .
