  edit : seems i was n't being clear enough . 
  i was refering to the fact that when europe acts to solve or preempt a problem , it rarely gets publicised . 
  enforcing law is what this is . 
  we should n't be - that 's the point . 
   you do n't seem to think much ~ ~ about the priorities regarding the future ~ ~ , do you ? 
  ftfy, 
  perhaps you can find the time to take issue with the points i 've made once you 're done devining my motives based on your own preconceptions . 
  not really . 
  just an argument you happen to disagree with . 
   religious liberty is a staple of liberal democracies . 
  this is largely an inheritance from a time when religions were able to extort special privileges for themselves . 
  there 's nothing special about religious ideas . 
  it 's long past time we stop treating them as if they deserved anything more than non-religious ideas . 
  religion is a freely chosen collection of ideas . 
  it deserves no greater protection than political ideology . 
  if we refused to accept adherents to a political ideology which inspires violence against civilians , i doubt you 'd be quite as offended . 
  in any case , mine is primarily a practical argument . 
  the unsustainability of free-flowing migration from the middle east and north africa is a reality which has bee recognised by the early advocates of multi-kulti . 
  i 'm fine with helping out a limited number of legitimate refugees , but i really do n't get why some people are so obsessed with the idea that this is an obligation . 
  it never has been for anyone else . 
  why should it be one for europe now ? 
  in any case , with climate change and the demographic problems in africa and the middle east , a far more hard line approach to border protection is inevitable . 
  may as well get ahead of it and avoid a problem with the v4 . 
  in the grand scheme of things it 's a small amount of money which buys a significant amount of good will over time . 
  are statements like this ok with turkish cypriots ? 
  it 's the sort of thing that would really bug me . 
  fair enough . 
  still looks terrible though . 
  if he 's the guy representing the uk , well , yes . 
  that 's what representation is , is n't it ? 
  not all , just slightly more than half . 
  i guess the only way to counter that sort of logic is for the eu to have total control over all public spending . 
  you ca n't stop silly people from doing silly things . 
  eu funding always has a designated purpose . 
  if they spent it on this , they 'd have to pay it back . 
  they believed in things . 
   i do n't think you get this whole nazi thing . 
  i loled . 
  thanks for that, 
  a piece from an american pro-life fanatic whos ' only priority seems to be preserving any level of survival at any cost . 
  what makes it more creepy is the suggestion that keeping this infant on life support and subjecting him to medical experimentation smounts to '' * purpose in suffering * '' . 
  life is n't always better . 
  ffs !, 
  dou you not have maps in chad ? 
  they have a certain glow about them . 
  i just got excited about remembering something from fourth grade . 
  that 's a glacial valley . 
  it 's a national park . 
  you ca n't live there . 
  remote areas , difficult terrain , disaster situations . 
  not much ... the idea is to have satellite 5g cover areas and situations where towers ca n't . 
  mountains , oceans , sparsly populated areas , emergency situations etc. 
  it would n't be a wholesale replacement of the regular infrastructure . 
  big stuff takes time . 
  the core tech for this mission has n't been fully invented yet . 
  does anyone know if the civil protection mechanism has been activated yet ? 
  yurop is as exclusive as it gets . 
  personally , i find referendums to be stupid . 
  having said that , how do you see the second irish referendum fittinginto this paradigm ? 
  it also sounds cooler . 
  i like how the diffrent language versions sound . 
  the lyrics are n't half bad, 
  they should put him in a bag of rice . 
  they have the us president : /, 
  what are the chances of this coalition sticking together for 2 years ? 
  this man is a secret genius . 
  in vino veritas !, 
  1 kg of water has a volume of 1 cubic dm which is the same as 1 l, 
  and i was having a nice morning . 
  did n't notice that , but it was n't my typo, 
  and in 200 years or so , europe would be in a position to do what we do best once more - bring civilisation to the colonies , 
  a very bad option . 
  eurostat has coal consumption data by member state and by year going back to 1990 really, 
  please work faster . 
  this gave me a chuckle . . https://newrepublic.com/minutes/125278/north-korea-will-create-mountains-gold-combat-climate-change, 
  it has always made sense to work toward a situation where you have several options of global partner . 
  the most recent deterioration in us politics and policy has caused a sensible approach to become essential . 
   happy for the uk to act as a vassal of the eu , though ? 
  happy for schotland to act as a vassal to the english ? 
  like if fu\u017eine were a country ... or 3 . 
  we jumped 3 other countries to rank 7th ... not bad :d, 
  and syria did n't sign because it currently does n't exist . 
  it 's just a typically cyclical slovenian joke . 
  you get used to these after a few years . 
  full pdf report with ranking : http://www.savethechildren.org/atf/cf/%7b9def2ebe-10ae-432c-9bd0-df91d2eba74a%7d/savethechildren_endofchildhood_index_2017_eastafrica%20edition_lowres.pdf, 
  oh god, 
  that made me think of the lord of the rings . 
  i ca n't explain why . 
  a number of them also have an afinity for italian history ... quite the bunch of europhiles , are n't they ? 
  i live in the alpine part of slovenia . 
  here , they just put space heaters on the porch in the winter ... this one coffee place actually has them built in to the table . 
  makes for nice and toasty feet in the winter mornings . 
  the stupid half , that 's the point, 
  it 's a derogatory term here, 
  and good mass transit . 
  in slovenia , they are one and the same . 
  [ smallpox inoculation ? 
  ] ( http://www.habsburger.net/en/chapter/battle-against-smallpox?language=de ) edit : i really like this quote :  but contrary to all expectations vaccination remained extremely unpopular in the monarchy , and particular in the provinces , ` for the sole reason that here these utterly stupid peasants ... listen to wise counsel in their goodness of heart ' , ` and then leave it solely to the further will of god ' . 
  we joined the eu because we started working toward it at the very start . 
  when we declared out independance , our national anthem was played at the beginning of the ceremony .
