  i 'm most annoyed by how clueless these people are . 
  if you want to protest austerity , the ecb is not the place to do it . 
  that we have a low opinion of violent , selfrighteous hypocrits ? 
  lost it at * ... and throw chopsticks *, 
  what is this * inf-lation * you speak of ? 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tauros_project ) might make you smile . 
  the article says that 's the problem . 
  sunrise and sunset is fine . 
  the problem is when you have a very fast drop and a very fast rise like this . 
  is this usual ? 
  i did n't think you were far enough north for this sort of view . 
  [ tanap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trans-anatolian_gas_pipeline ) , however , is being built as we speak . 
   not only do you need both for the legacy to be corrected , you also need time i have mixed feeling about that sentiment . 
  in my opinion , the cultural aspects are a symptom which will go away if you remove the economic problem . 
  at the end of the day money buys respect - perhaps not overnight , but just think of the abuse we n $ rds had to endure before bill gates . 
  you hit the nail on the head by mentioning time . 
  the sad but unavoidable fact is that a large part of the over 30 segment of the problem population probably is n't salvageable . 
  you need to get to people in their formative years . 
  if you hit them with education , healthcare , law enforcement , housing , employment programmes between infancy and young adulthood and keep it up for a couple of generations , you 've got a really good shot at a positive outcome . 
  the critical thing is to eliminate or neutralise those behavioural adaptations to historical circumstances which stand in the way of the community 's modern-day development and integration into the wider social fabric . 
  good luck doing this in a single generation . 
  probably because gallup does n't have infrastructure there yet . 
  on the bright side : slovenia can into central europe !, 
  any idea when the deadline for signing up will be ? 
  the thing is , you do n't get to define what a gypsy is . 
  there 's an established , objective meaning : it 's an ethnic group with a specific cultural and historical identity . 
  this group suffers from a number of socio-economic problems which trace their origins to a troubled history . 
  these problems are solvable , though not through populist applications of justice . 
  a pragmatic approach is required and has proven effective if applied consistently and over the long term . 
  many people may feel it to be unfair , privileged , but it 's the only way to solve the problem short of mass expulsion or genocide . 
  we can moralise and emote over the issue or we can solve the problem in a dispassionate , pragmatic way . 
  i do n't see how we can do both . 
  things looked so hopeful during the medvedev presidency . 
  what a shame . 
  the eu main interest is to prevent military confrontation in europe from being an affordable option . 
  it seems our main interest is complementary with the us main interest largely as a consequence of kremlin policy . 
  i wish it were otherwise , but it is n't . 
  edit : happy cake day , op, 
  i 'm not angry , just disappointed . 
  i disagree with the guy in general , but one point is valid : we should n't take what we have for granted . 
  it could all go away frighteningly fast . 
  timothy snyder makes the same point , but without being an asshole . 
  wo n't be long now . 
  pierre and natasha, 
  [ soon ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schengen_area#prospective_members ), 
  do n't forget the jews !, 
  why are you people always protecting them !, 
  it 's all coming together : neoliberalism , gayness , europe , ukraine , protests . 
  any chance this company employs bandera fascists ? 
  look on the bright side : you can make it into a coin 200 years from now, 
  there 's no other way . 
  iceland just would n't have stopped its settlement * building without outside manipulation . 
  * singular, 
  you get that birth rate is a number which encompasses the amount of births per woman over her lifetime as opposed to a single year , right ? 
  there 's quite a strong correlation with age in this respect . 
  the success rate with people above , say 30 , is dramatically different compared to those who benefit from these approaches in the period between infancy and adulthood - the formative years . 
  edit : but no matter how well designed and targeted your efforts are , there will be a failure rate . 
  we 're talking about people . 
  nothing 's ever perfect with that lot . 
  here , there 's been a long term effort to integrate . 
  the interesting thing is that it seems to come down to what the municipalities do . 
  from what i understand , bridging the divide depends on solving fairly boring problems which have to do with daily life . 
  water , electricity , trash collection , primary education , child healthcare , public order etc. 
  turns out if you keep those at an acceptable level for a generation or two , * `` they '' * turn into * `` us '' * . 
  different slo, 
  yes, 
  in the event that putin is out of the picture , medvedev becomes acting president with redced powers and must hold elections within 3 months . 
  during this time there would be a massive amount of faction conflict . 
  i do n't think anyone can tell you who wins that fight , but i 'm quite sure medvedev would get out of dodge as quickly as possible . 
  he does n't strike me as the combative type . 
  the bigger question is what would happen to the small part of russia outside moscow during this period of infighting . 
  you would probably see a lot of the regions being forced to fend for themselves as the kremlin would no longer have the bandwidth to deal with regular state business , a lot of kremlin power would de-facto default back down to its natural sources : gazprom and the other extraction companies , the fsb , the army . 
  essentially the regular story of what happens every time a monarch goes without a well established successor ( not just publicly anointed but also in a position to implement his transition to power ) . 
  as a matter of fact , yes . 
  a free market is one where everyone has a chance to compete on a level playing field . 
  the power plant deal was made in direct violation of this principle . 
  gps can be tricky . 
  sadly , the only time this fact is manifest is when the alternatives collapse . 
  most of the time , the illusion prevails . 
  democracy does n't provide better ( or equal on average ) governing performance then the more concentrated power models , but it also prevents massive losses . 
  democracy is like a nice safe retirement fund with lower average returns than a position in the stock market which also holds far greater risks . 
  whenever you 're looking at something like a 50/50 chance between a hidden agenda on one side and human incompetence on the other , people screwing up is a safe bet over the long run . 
  can they do anything to you over here if you just leave them hanging ? 
  tha\u0165s what law enforcement is - the blocking of illegal activity . 
  the alternative here is obvious , build the power plant using a contractor who won in a transparent legal competition . 
  ... and not just muslims ... 
  ohhh , there 's a joke i could make right now ... but i wo n't . 
  edit , i hope nobody from the neighborhood notices i just as vulnerable, 
  [ specifics ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-09-418_en.htm?locale=en ), 
  perhaps he was telling a horror story . 
   i think a certain level of nationalism is healthy , not the part where you think other countries are inferior , but if a person is proud and loves their country and feels an obligation to better it by my reading , this is the sort of * `` nationalism '' * he champions here . 
  we may need a new word for it though . 
  `` nationalism '' and `` patriotism '' both have too much military baggage . 
  my first thought was a home community ethic , but it seems too long and complex . 
  any ideas ? 
  right . . 
  i forgot we 're a default sub now . 
  i thought it was funny ... does nobody else get a kick out of this stuff ? 
  we put a protestant reformer on our coins . 
  if i ever go to the vatican , those will be the only money i bring .
