  smile because ~ ~ it happened ~ ~ it 's over . 
  ftfy, 
  data from 2010 . 
  not criticising , but i was looking for it and wanted to make it clear . 
  lol , cheese . 
  you ca n't be reasonably against something that has n't even been written yet , much less published . 
  at the moment this is just histeria based on nothing specific . 
  i missed the part where we all get enslaved by monsanto and still somehow end up unemployed . 
  must be in the addendum . 
  the russian government needs to realise that their so called area of interest has people living in it . 
  those people are a huge factor in deciding what happens there . 
  moscow has been ignoring them to its own detriment . 
  the us has engaged with them to their advantage . 
  a hostile attitude from the kremlin wo n't change this trend . 
   encroach ( intransitive verb )  1 : to enter by gradual steps or by stealth into the possessions or rights of another  2 : to advance beyond the usual or proper limits romania is an independent , sovereign state and a member of nato . 
  neither of the definitions apply . 
  [ please tell me which part of the russian border you could possibly encroach on from romania . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ea/romania_russia_locator.svg/1000px-romania_russia_locator.svg.png ), 
  what the hell is this guy 's problem !? 
  i can understand when he does really cynical shit that produces , or could potentially produce , some benefit for russia or his regime . 
  but this and a number of other actions he 's taken recently are just unnecessarily dickish . 
  it is n't here and we seem to be one of the few european countries without a nationalist party in parliament . 
  it 's best to let these idiots display their stupidity . 
  i think the memory of moscow is what keeps them going when they get tired on the way to the west . 
  i ended up answering all of them , but i know next to nothing about geothermal and did n't really understand the ownership question , so a dk option would have been a good idea . 
  in case anyone wanted to know what that is : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kibo_ ( iss_module ), 
  those sneaky southern slavic socialists . 
  if you can give me a source for that i 'd be happy to update the map . 
  concrete ( literally ) examples of how insufficient investment into infrastructure produces a debt which does n't show up in the budget statistics : http://www.dw.de/the-downside-of-germanys-balanced-budget/av-17753544, 
  i do n't get it . 
  why not default ? 
  it would have an impact on the banks , but the ecb seems to be happy to feed them easy cash foie gras style nowadays , so that should n't be too big a deal , should it ? 
  good point . 
  take your middle eastern conflict back to the middle east . 
  what 's the problem here ? 
  if you do n't want the free food , do n't take it . 
  is this all the information we have on this ? 
  do we know how many people were involved ? 
  do we know there were multiple people involved in this ? 
  if the foreign ministry says you should n't go somewhere because of too much danger , but you go anyway , you should be on your own . 
  the man is a mouthpiece for the hard left . 
  a group which is not relevant to the economic and political realities in the 21st century . 
  a shadow of a bygone era . 
  the rational thing to do is just ignore his obsolete ramblings . 
  edit : at least \u017di\u017eek has the marketing instinct to be funny . 
  you 'll have to pick one of those . 
  i wish the euro had motifs . 
  but what can you do ? 
  after all europe has always been bereft of creativity . 
  they make me angry at my internet provider . 
  how the person was captured should be a big part of the decision . 
  unfortunately people down vote because of disagreement and not based on quality or interest . 
  chin up !, 
  i think the negotiation process is too technical to accelerate for these sort of political reasons . 
  i think montenegro is far enough ahead to get in first . 
  go for a swim , tulip monkey, 
  euro-treason !, 
  so , do i have to start running in circles right now or can i do all my panicking over the weekend . 
  i expect this, 
  how are we more expensive than the netherlands . 
  damn underwater tulip growing freaks !, 
  i 've failed exams with better performances than that . 
  we are so sorry . 
  not the responsibility of any state , but of any ship in the area . 
  there will now be less ships in the area because italy ca n't afford it anymore . 
  makes sense . 
  live stream starts at 14:30 and is available [ here ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/ep-live/en/committees/video?event=20141006-1430-committee-hearing2014ab ), 
   those are our waters mare nostrum did n't take place in territorial waters , but in international waters . 
  not our responsibility . 
   if you crashed with your car and i drive past you is it `` my problem '' to call the ambulance ? 
  there 's a difference between you driving by as a coincidence and what mare nostrum was . 
  it would be like you spending your free time driving around looking for traffic accidents . 
  clearly not your responsibility . 
  i we do n't deal with them as a priority , they 'll get bigger over time . 
  are you suggesting we wait until our problems are as severe as theirs are before we take steps to rectify them ? 
  i think they 're already severe enough to justify a course of action whereby we concentrate on fixing them as opposed to throwing money at an infinite problem which is n't ours to begin with . 
   i 'd love for you to point out where i said that . 
  if europe did n't have a negative impact on the level of development in africa today , why bring up colonialism in the first place ? 
  if your assertion has any weight , why is n't ethiopia better developed than the countries which were so horrifically exploited by colonial rule ? 
  the question here is n't one of moral perfection , rather it 's one of ** net impact . 
  ** at the end of the day , though , this is hardly relevant . 
  in europe , taxpayers get a say in how their money is spent . 
  spending it to facilitate undesired human traffic across the mediterranean is a waste of public money . 
  here you go http://faculty.georgetown.edu/amm223/internationalmigration.pdf, 
  ok or not , switzerland has proven it to be the smart thing to do . 
  i bring it up because your entire line of argumentation rests on the baseless assertion that africa was one step short of paradise before the big bad europeans arrived and destroyed this eden . 
  there 's a reason you do n't see people deserting cities to set up tribal societies en masse . 
  the reason is that those sorts of societies suck !, 
  hobbs was right , rousseau was wrong . 
  this aspect of reality did n't change just because america had woodstock . 
  the platitude is strong in this one . 
  yes , but in a much different context . 
  one where there 's credible law enforcement on the african side acting to counter trafficking . 
  welcome to capitalism . 
  everybody exploits everybody else . 
  whoever wins gets to be rich . 
  there 's a broader issue here . 
  the underlying cause needs to be dealt with - starting with north africa . 
  we desperately need a framework of institution building assistance for the fragile and broken states in this region . 
  there has to be a southern partnership - sooner rather than later .
