  it 's funny until they show the kids watching it . 
  then it 's sad, 
  there are lone specimens , but no established populations ( there are probably days when most of the wolves in slovenia are the ones in the zoo ) . 
  we have plenty of bears though . 
  i 'd like to see an endgame first . 
  bombing the bad guys is fun and makes us feel better , but we should learn from libya and have a solid post-bombing framework ready and waiting in the wings . 
  i vote we let iran be the baby sitter in the area . 
  they seem to be the only competent actors there . 
  ( assuming turkey is n't up for it ), 
  i know !, 
  we can sanction their export sectors !, 
  wo n't the russians end up buying this food elsewhere and then the eu suppliers shift to fill that gap ? 
  quite sure the food will still be sold - it is n't as if we 're talking about cars here . 
  powerplants of the european union, 
  why is a mayor involved in this discussion at all ? 
  what does the chief of police think ? 
  how about batman ? 
  my point is that there 's not really a thing behind the word islam . 
  if you asked about an actual thing which exists in the world , say , islam as practiced by * friday muslims * with a balkan or turkish background , you 'd get a completely different result than if you asked about another existing thing , say , wahabism . 
  you may as well ask if technology is good or bad , you could ask if people like the climate conditions in europe . 
  the only intelligent response to that sort of question is : `` be more specific , dam it ! '', 
  i doubt they gave that as an option . 
  hey , now . 
  francis is changing all that . 
  can we please stop using islam as an overarching term ? 
  it 's like sport , which includes kick boxing and chess and everything in between . 
  the only commonality being oxigen consumption . 
  similarly , to put an average bosnian or albanian muslim in the same bag as a wahabi from the gulf ora a jihadi from the stans is just dumb . 
  people use christianity as a label , but they 're always aware of the massive difference between scandinavian protestants and unitarian universalists at one end and bible belt fundamentalists and orthodox reactionaries at the other . 
  the religious ideas of people should be considered and criticised based on their substance , not their ( useless ) label . 
  so , norway is like the [ alpha site ] ( http://stargate.wikia.com/wiki/p4x-650#alpha_site ) for the us ? 
  finland is not typical in this regard ; few people , lots of land , lots of fresh water formations , little ( if any ) need for irrigation , no idea how large your industrial water usage is , but i doubt it 's very large either, 
  non-eu countries are weird . 
  let 's ostracise them for being different . 
  no coastline , no golden age . 
  [ 2004-2008 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenia#economy ), 
  if you want unification , you should probably go with the one which starts : einigkeit und some-thing , so-ome-thing . 
  i guess that 's fair, 
  how many would have been without this ? 
  if it would be , say , 250 , that 's a doubling of the edit rate . 
  it 's not like it costs anything to have skeleton entries just lay there, 
  i think it makes sense . 
  it 's a lot easier to expand an article than it is to create one - especially for a newbie . 
  the article talks about withdrawn insurance and leasing services by european entities , so it 's probably a matter of them not having access to banking services anymore . 
  oh my science !, 
  / r/europe is self-aware !, 
  those floodgates were blown open by [ a fucking typhoon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-bureaucratic_revolution ), 
  a unilateral border change in the balkans based on ethnic tension ? 
  sounds like a great idea !, 
  if you 'll excuse me , i have to go stick my penis into a hornets nest now . 
  haider must be spinning in his grave . 
  good . 
  that would be a really bad move by israel . 
  right now , most people do n't care enough about the israel/palestine issue to do anything about it . 
  if they start doing things like this , we 'll begin to see boycots gaining strength really quickly - to begin with . 
  you can actually see the renaissance happen . 
  a russian , an american . 
  a slovenian and a bosnian are on a plane . 
  the plane lacks fuel to reach the nearest runway . 
  the pilot says that each person must throw out on thing to lighten the load . 
  the american throws out a megapack of cola , saying `` we have plenty of this back home '' . 
  the russian throws out a barrel of vodka , saying `` we have plenty of this back home '' . 
  the slovenian throws out the bosnian , saying `` we have plenty of this back home '' . 
  our faceless law professor is n't looking so bad now , is he ? 
  and all the antisemitic zionists ? 
  eli5 the people who are all for israel so that all the local jews can be dumped there . 
  the article says that the company will move its hq to london , while leaving a number of the large office departments where they are . 
  also , they 're saying they 'll rehire 30000 people in italy who were on layaway for a while and bring the production of additional models to italy . 
  tldr - they 're just moving the paperwork, 
  the enforcement in this case would be internal to the medical profession ant therefore has nothing to do with politics . 
  gross oversimplification and broad brushing : 1st generation : i love this place and everything it stands for 2nd generation : the west is decadent and evil 3rd generation ( 1/2 ) : damn government is taxing my favourite brand of booze again 3rd generation ( 2/2 ) : damn foreigners comming here and making things bad for me personal note about the last line : as it turns out , we have a disproportional number of 3rd generation migrants from bosnia and other former yugoslav republics participating in extreme nationalist and xenophobic groups . 
  is it wrong that i find that really funny ? 
  i 'm ok with these idiots being cannon folder for the russians . 
  ** european charter of medical ethics ** http://www.ceom-ecmo.eu/en/european-charter-medical-ethics-57  principle 1  the physician defends human physical and mental health . 
  he relieves suffering while respecting the life and dignity of the person concerned ** with no discrimination , of any kind , in peace and in war . 
  ** forgive the language , but if this standard is not enforced and upheld strictly , we 're all fucked . 
  but you 're bound by your national code of medical ethics which is usually an adaptation of the global one . 
  amount its basic provisions is the requirement to treat without regard to race , religion , ethnicity , politics or sexual orientation . 
  this scumbag is a disgrace to the medical profession and should be removed from it immediately . 
  i 'm not sure what the legal arrangement is in belgium , but this would be a clear violation of the code of medical ethics in slovenia - withholding treatment based on politics . 
  this guy should never be allowed to practice again . 
  he would still be in violation of medical ethics if we were talking about the israeli pm . 
  you 're not allowed to withhold medical treatment based on politics in any way . 
  edit : or religion , ethnicity , race , sexual orientation . 
   he panders to the stupid stereotypes too much . 
  no such thing is possible . 
  so put him away for a hate crime , vandalism , endangerment and for being a putz, 
  this is the missile : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/otr-21_tochka, 
  big wars do n't happen by accident . 
  there has to be some sort of underlying geopolitical dynamic driving it . 
  today , this is present between iran and the gulf monarchies for instance , but that wo n't cause a global conflict because nobody outside the middle east really cares who wins there so long as the black gue keeps flowing . 
  the only thing that could really cause ww3 is a conflict between the us and china . 
  that is unlikely to happen because both sides there have an interest in keeping the peace , both are rational actors and both are firmly institutionalised and therefore not subject to any sort of dramatic shift in behavior . 
  plenty of potential for internal , local and regional wars , but ww3 is just a clear loose loose proposition . 
  i reads that in the voice of that earring , mustache guy from family guy . 
  you 're such a nerd - and that 's saying something coming from me . 
  creating an incentive gradient away from sponsoring insurgencies in europe is far more in our interest than in america 's . 
  we 're not the world 's police force and we ca n't be , but we can make it painful and expensive for anyone to employ these sort of methods on our own continent . 
  vienna stake with french fries and tartar sauce . 
  it 's a somewhat odd situation .
