  12 % of the time . 
  are you counting just the stuff decided in brussels which has direct legal effect - the regulations , or the directives as well , which are more like loose common frameworks , intentionally agreed and designed so that each member state can do things the way they want ( as expressed by their current government 's council vote/veto ) ? 
  i do n't mean to be unpleasant , but when people count everything connected to some directive or another , it 's a bit like saying that this law has brussels cooties on it . 
  in reality , a very small amount of the substance of laws connected to directives is determined by the directives . 
  the exceptions are the common market rules , which , for practical reasons , have to be the same everywhere to a great level of detail . 
  though , as far as i know , nobody 's made a big deal of those unless you count the bendy banana myth . 
  not to mention that directives are written loosely enough to accommodate all the member states as much as possible - remember the net neutrality directive ? 
  behind everyone else ? 
  think it through . 
  they used them to do some research on relativity and then boosted them into an orbit which makes them partially useful for navigation . 
   the fireman song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlpossvwrc4 i do n't get it . 
  must be a balkans thing / s, 
  tldr  `` a lot of this pcb , we do n't know how much , has not been disposed of and is slowly leaking into rivers and estuaries , from landfills , and eventually into the marine environment . '', 
   ...  the researchers say more needs to be done to remove or seal off pcb-laden waste on land . 
   it 's clear where they belong . 
  how . 
  dare . 
  you . 
  reminds me of this : https://youtu.be/2e-ycu6cpiy?t=40s, 
  who does this ? 
  it 's about as stupid as buying a flag and burning it . 
  every improvement ever made is a pipedream untill you get off your ass and make it happen . 
  once you have a factory built and operating , it would take a lot to justify walking away from that sort of investment . 
  i 'm curious , is the yes campaign putting all or most of the emphasis on these sort of `` fairweather friend '' arguments ? 
  the point of a public broadcaster is that it 's not controlled by either of those interests . 
  it 's meant to serve the public interest even when it is n't politically beneficial to the current government or profitable for the owner . 
  slovenia can out of balkan . 
  well , not with that attitude . 
  one fuckup is not a good reason to make another , more fundamental fuckup . 
  if that 's the case , they should have . 
  even so , better late than never . 
  it would be a very odd thing to say that things should be bad now because they were bad in the past . 
   so if you know that , then you should also know that heads of public media get replaced everytime a new party comes into power . 
  my understanding is that the new legislation makes what was once a shady , underhanded practice into a routine legal procedure . 
  how is that anything other than a step in the wrong direction ? 
  do n't misunderstand me , this is something that happens here as well . 
  the difference is that it was never formally legalised and , as a result , it 's more and more politically costly as time passes , which has caused it to happen to a far lesser extent than it used to . 
  a comparison between poland and russia is n't justified . 
  however , when a single party government begins messing with the judiciary and the media in ways which give said government more power , it is a cause for legitimate concern . 
  i share a certain sensitivity to foreign interference in internal political matters , but when it comes to the fundamental mechanisms of free society , i think that there 's no such thing as excessive scrutiny . 
  the fact that laws are being broken somewhere does n't mean we can all just give up and surrender to living in a mad max style future . 
  the world can be a cold and dangerous place . 
  right now , europe is n't . 
  we should n't just give that up . 
  safeguarding judicial independence and preventing a political stampede into public media can prevent a long list of problems before they occur . 
  also , it 's the right thing to do . 
  the dprk could hold a free election and the kims would win overwhelmingly . 
  if that 's all it takes to be a democracy , being a democracy should n't be anywhere near enough . 
  great !, 
  everyone gets to just follow the laws they agree with . 
  * de facto * , you can make that argument about every level of rule of law depending on your preferred level of anarchy . 
  there are plenty of places where , de facto , constitutional rights and the criminal code are simply theoretical . 
  the question is , is respecting the rule of law a good thing for a society or not . 
  beyond that , there 's the more substantive concern ; do the protections of public media and the judiciary from the political branches play a productive role in a free society - and what happens when they 're dismantled ? 
  the eu exists as a result of it 's member states following the rules which they all agreed to . 
  it 's more than normal that the most basic standards of the eu , those of open and democratic societies , be closely guarded at every possible level . 
  that 's the thing about clubs with high standards ; their member have to abide by them . 
  we need n't speculate about what an alternative would look like . 
  a far more permissive grouping exists to the east - well , permissive for the governments . 
  whatever the current german administration may be doing wrong does n't make the current polish government squeaky clean . 
  protecting the media and the judiciary from executive influence is n't just some libertine western fetish . 
  it 's an essential way of protecting any society 's capacity to discover governmental abuse and incompetence before it leads to irreparable damage via long lasting , destructive policy . 
  there 's a disturbing lack of substance in your objection to this review . 
  the tactic has n't changed in 50 + years . 
  `` they may be crooks , but they 're my/our crooks . '', 
  aircraft carriers are n't a way to protect your coastline . 
  they 're a means for power projection beyond the reach of your military airports . 
  if you 've got land based installations within reach of a theatre of operations , you use those . 
  nobody can sink an airport and there 's no limit to the amount of in depth aa you can place around it or the amount of armour you can put on top of your hangar and ammo dump . 
  carriers are used for opps that are far away . 
  if it 's bigotry , it 's bigotry against someone who does n't exist . 
  making fun of someone 's ideas is n't a moral evil . 
  it 's how good ideas get separated from bad ones . 
  because the common good can only be sustainably maintained and further developed by institutions of common interest . 
  ad hoc cooperation is fine for intermittent sprint type projects , but anything long term or stable requires a structure which can overrule the kind of narrow self interest which results in negative sum effects for the whole - the beggar thy neighbor way of operating . 
  having said this , subsidiarity is a genius element of european integration and should be fiercely protected wherever applicable . 
  here 's hoping we finally join up this year . 
  it has n't since 1995 . 
  not directly , anyway . 
  my first concern here is that 20 years is n't a terribly long period of time . 
  my second concern is that europe is , in my opinion , more at risk for this sort of thing . 
  i used to think we were past this stuff , but georgia and ukraine snapped me out of that comfortable illusion . 
  my point is n't to say that this will definitely happen in the next 20 years . 
  my point is that the risks are far better contained and far easier to productively deal with if we have a functioning institution of common interest to facilitate and incentivise the solving of problems as they occur - ideally moving proactively to prevent them from happenning in the first place . 
  any idea what the cause is other than the obscenely massive labour code , or is that it ? 
  let 's try this one more time . 
  i did n't use it as an argument.i used it to express the nature of my perspective , not as a replacement for its substantive justification . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why you 're so mush more bothered by the facade than the actual building . 
   i 'm not here to humour you . 
  fair enough . 
  even so , civility is n't just about making people feel good . 
  it also plays an important part in facilitating discussions about issues which people disagree about . 
  insults have a tendency to provoke retaliation , which spirals and replaces the original discussion . 
   if you have feel hurt by these mild words i 'll live . 
  but it is n't about me , is it ? 
  it 's about lowering the bar of acceptable behaviour and discourse in this particular corner of the internet in order to indulge your own passing sentiment - instead of exercising a mild amount of selfcontrol . 
  you think i was n't tempted to respond in kind ? 
  i was , but chose not to . 
  istead of some empty insult , let 's see if i can find another quote to reinterpret :  how am i meant to take you or your arguments seriously when you do n't take the time to [ think about ] what you are actually saying ? 
  then get it completely wrong .
