  they 're too small to be ranked . 
  i did n't mean to imply that europe made up most of the list , just that it places really well . 
  not the top 23 . 
  they only ranked 23 . 
  it 's just a literary device . 
  like saying * dangerous weapon * or * hot flame . 
  sort of depends on the structure of price fluctuations . 
  if the negative trend is pronounced in the area of essential goods and services , it 's great . 
  if the price drop is being caused by durable goods or real estate , not so good . 
  an anti-competitve racket designed to fleece consumers is not an element of culture worth protecting . 
  google , gazprom or giuseppe , if you engage in anti-competitve practices and fleece consumers , you 're on the eu 's shit list and rughtfully so . 
  why does n't that argument apply to other real estate as well ? 
  how about factories ? 
  on a different note , you could just designate beaches as a public good and stop this sort of fleecing altogether . 
  i think these guys deserve at least as much attention as the idiot with the truck . 
  people hate the very idea of trade delays at the moment . 
  it 's hardly the eu 's job to force a change in that position . 
  german confirmed . 
  i love how slovenia and slovakia each have one green region on their western edge . 
  were n't these people born here ? 
  those other crimes are n't engineered to scare the general population - and so they normally do n't . 
  terrorism is - and so it does . 
  the reasonable thing to do would be to deny the perpetrators what they want : a statistically disproportional amount of attention . 
  sadly , most people do n't seem up to that at the moment . 
  you 'll be fine as long as you know how to keep your mouth shut , tovari\u0161 . 
  the proportion of the eu budget which is spent on administration is very small indeed . 
  also , you 're still likely to contribute something . 
  careful buddy . 
  we do n't want to go comparing genocides now , do we ? 
  that 's not fair . 
  yes , the government has slid into a belarus like situation , but that does n't mean that the country as a whole has lost its potential . 
  other parts of europe have come back from worse . 
  still , for the foreseeable future , turkey seems to be firmly on the outside because of the political situation . 
  i 'm just giggling at your flair . 
  off course he did . 
  this makes sense . 
  homicide probably . 
  i do n't think they distinguish between murder and manslaughter in the statistics . 
  if memmory serves , austria recently prohibited money from third countries flowing into religious organisations . 
  that seems like the sort of best practice we should adopt at a european level . 
  it would also mean that a you can dictate major policy decisions by commitiong a fairly limited amount of violence . 
  that would be no way to run a bar , much less a country . 
  if you were only comparing it to the north of italy , i 'd agree . 
  but let 's face it , everything south of rome is basically albania with better pr . 
  watch you back , francija !, 
  ja , anything to be out of balkan . 
  i first thought that this was really stupid , but you make it sound really clever . 
  have an up-vote !, 
  it should n't be done . 
  far less drastic measures in other areas would save more lives , but we do n't do it because there is n't as much political fear associated with , say , skin cancer . 
  a disproportionate response for terrorism would be allowing terror to dictate policy . 
  schr\u00f6dinger 's britain !, 
  if there were an eu standard strict enough to address the problem , it would be quite close to full on federalism , would n't it ? 
  either you would have to centralise this permitting under an eu agency , or you would need to have an eu oversight capacity with the power to shut down those national agencies which do n't meet the standard . 
  personally , i tink the first option makes more sense . 
  i just do n't see a rationalle for having so many competing agencies doing the same job . 
  you should submit that first one . 
  at least hitler was elected . 
  i doubt that correlation survives when you control for other factors . 
  that 's a connection which really only exists if you think the central bank has a responsibility to print money for the government to spend - at the expense of people 's savings . 
  the other way to do it is to not have governments run unsustainable deficits . 
  of course that denands that the electorate displays a certain level of maturity instead of demanding ever lower taxes along with ever growing benefits . 
  if the eu had anything close to federal powers , your argument would have merit . 
  that , however , is n't the case . 
  it is n't really possible to address a sovereign debt crisis when all the fiscal powers are held by the member states . 
  it 's mathematically impossible to mount a serious effort against poverty when the entire eu budget is 1 % of eu gdp and all of it is dependent on member state contributions - the eu is n't allowed to raise its own taxes . 
  guess what the situation is on foreign policy ? 
  exclusive member state competence . 
  spiderman was right about this - the responsibility should go where the power is . 
  and on the issues you mention , it is n't in brussels . 
  i think you 're getting a hookup to tanap via greece . 
  you can choose to change social and legal traditions to suit a changed environment . 
  but if the decision is made to stick with the existing principles , it remains legitimate that the likely long term costs of maintaining them be pointed out . 
  unfortunately , since both overall demand and renewable generation fluctuate based on their own factors , you need some kind of throttleable generation capacity to bridge the two . 
  bringing up long term consequences in the immigration discussion is perfectly legitimate . 
  if these people are to be allowed in , we should be honest and open about the potential costs . 
  yes . 
  nowadays , most people are n't like jihadists . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  this one is a combined cycle turbine . 
  how fast do hrsgs throttle up ? 
  this one goes from 0 to 100 % in 30 minutes . 
  the article talks about interconnecting the electrical and gas systems of the baltic states and finland . 
  does n't the norwegian prison system do something similar with all manner of criminals ? 
  we could offset the casualties by banning tanning salons . 
  skin cancer kills 8800 people in the eu every year . 
  i 've been arguing in a similar direction for some time . 
  essentially that you do n't start with domestic land forces - ie the army . 
  the place you start is where there 's an lot of potential for synergy . 
  power projection is the obvious choice . 
  joint naval projection has already proven to be doable and as effective as could be reasonably hoped . 
  there also exist some humble beginnings of an integrated logistical air wing . 
  the missing piece is an expeditionary force . 
  eu battle groups were meant to fill this role but gave been a failed project and would have to be rebuilt from scratch to be effective . 
  on the narrow issue of defence , an integrated air defence system would make sense in the short term as well as a coastguard . 
  i do n't think the army itself is doable or needed in the short - or medium-term . 
  the fact that you build bunkers in your spare time ? 
  this is the sort of thing people should read before forming a strong opinion on the topic . 
  nn is not even close to being a binary issue . 
  if the french leader were n't such a dud , there would be some more balance in the dynamic .
