  but people forget that the evening ended to the tones of the ode to joy . 
  europe was always the goal . 
  the railways ? 
  my mistake ... mixed it up with the gtc for some reason, 
  what 's the deal with the americans ? 
  it used to be that only the right-wingers were anti-science . 
  when did the left start going full retard ? 
  the name for the next one is the overwhelmingly large telescope ( owl ) . 
  it 's meant to have a 100m wide primary mirror . 
  and it 's south of the equator because the northern sky will be well covered by the gmt and the tmt , and because the southern sky is arguably more scientifically interesting . 
  this is a unique build . 
  you pretty much have to design and fabricate all the imprtant pieces from scratch . 
  then they need to be transported from europe to a remote part of chile and assembled . 
  as for the point about tech advancement ; the main structure is really just built to gather light and compenste for atmospheric destortion . 
  the instruments at the back end which detect and analyse the light are designed to be interchangable ... 
  the current flagship of eso , the vlt , has upgraded detectors multiple times . 
  magna would work better than vera, 
  i , too , am confused . 
  help us croatia , you 're our only hope !, 
  juncker = / = milo\u0161evi\u010d other than that , sure , why not, 
  trump voters are n't the ones buying bmws . 
  loosers . 
  baby . 
  sad . 
  baby . 
  sad . 
  just rescind these ships ' docking rights . 
  they can keep saving people , but they ca n't dump them in europe after they 're done . 
  the door opens with a quiet click , something catching on the lintel -- and we emerge onto the roof . 
  it is a sparse , unfurnished space , although the hotel park has future plans for it -- an open-air bar , perhaps , which would take advantage of the view that fans out on all sides . 
  there , to the north-west , are the julian alps , still slightly frosted in the late spring sunshine . 
  below , bathed in the same glow , is ljubljana , all orange tiles , pastel-hue churches and winsome spires -- the river ljubljanica slipping woozily through its centre . 
  and there , in a corner , is the hotel 's current use for its upper level . 
  two squat beehives . 
  a cloud of the insects shakes and shimmers in front of the access slits -- causing gorazd trusnovec to smile . 
  a stocky , unshaven man , he goes under the title `` president of the ljubljana urban beekeeping association '' . 
  and today , he is feeling particularly proud of these twin outposts of his empire -- which stretches to 24 hives , rented to keen apiarists across the slovenian capital . 
  he installed them on this roof last year , despite reservations . 
  `` i was sceptical as to whether you could put hives at this height , '' he muses , scratching his chin . 
  `` so was the hotel manager . 
  but by last july , this was my best site in the city , in terms of honey . 
  the bees do not seem to struggle to reach this elevation -- this 13th floor . '' the pretty slovenian capital , ljubljana the pretty slovenian capital , ljubljana credit : andrii_lutsyk - fotolia it is , if you can forgive the pun , a sweet deal . 
  the hotel park gets to serve its own honey at breakfast -- an extension of its bid to be a `` green '' accommodation option , with its ecolighting and charging point for electric cars -- trusnovec gets an experimental location for a business that began as a nostalgic urge , but has become a passion . 
  the amount of honey produced by such hives does not , he says , match the effort needed to create a new one . 
  `` but working with bees brings me peace of mind , '' he says . 
  `` my grandmother had a hive . 
  the smell of honey extraction was incredible . 
  i forgot it for 30 years -- then it came back to me in a proust-like sensation , this aroma from my childhood . 
  i started to look at raising bees in the city . 
  i put a hive on my apartment balcony . '' he spreads his arms . 
  `` here i am . '' `` rather than the hard conventional hive slovenia deploys clusters of mini-hives that resemble rows of colourful po boxes . '', 
  this fascination may sound remarkable , but it is not unusual in slovenia , where hives and honey are practically a religion -- there are around 90,000 beekeepers in a population of just two million . 
  indeed , beekeeping is a prime part of the identity of a country that needs all the distinguishing characteristics it can grasp . 
  it has only existed in its modern form since 1991 ( after centuries of being co-opted into austro-hungary and yugoslavia ) -- and a glance at the map shows it squished into central europe , fringed by bigger , more feted neighbours . 
  quirkily , it takes the shape of a chicken running across a farmyard , the head pecking east at hungary , one foot planted onto croatia in the south-east , another kicking at italy in the south-west , its back brushing austria 's alpine underside . 
  it is , beyond its capital , a semi-forested realm , and bees thrive within it . 
  it even has a distinct strain of the insect -- carniolan bees , which are valued for their non-aggressive nature and team ethic . 
  this national affection flickers at the pretty heart of ljubljana . 
  it is visible by the river on medarska ulica -- `` honeysellers street '' . 
  admittedly , this thin lane is no longer devoted to such a trade , but the adjacent square of pogacarjev trg has picked up the baton , with stalls selling jars of gold-amber and bottles of potent farm-made honey liquor . 
  it is there too , on copova ulica , where the wrought-iron canopy above the 1904 mestna hranilnica bank features a bee , a symbol of hard work reaping its own rewards -- and at the national museum , on muzejska ulica , where a bee motif floats over the right-hand entrance door . 
  slovenia enjoys more aesthetically pleasing hives than much of the world slovenia enjoys more aesthetically pleasing hives than much of the world fifteen miles north-east , in the village of lukovica , matters take a more formal tone . 
  the headquarters of the slovenian beekeepers ' association crowns a low hill -- and takes its job seriously , with a laboratory for testing independent producers ' honey to make sure of the requisite quality . 
  may 20 has long been a red-letter date in slovenia , saluted with honey-related festivities as the birthday of anton jansa -- a beekeeping pioneer , born in nearby breznica ( 35 miles north-west of ljubljana ) in 1734 , who developed such expertise that he was summoned to the habsburg court in vienna to impart it . 
  three centuries on , the association has been petitioning the un to make this slovenian hurrah a global affair -- and looks to have met with success . 
  and exactly a year tomorrow -- may 20 , 2018 -- is likely to be the first `` world bee day '' , official rubber-stamp permitting . 
  an oddity to add to the calendar ? 
  not at all , says the association 's peter kozmus , leading me outdoors to show me jansa 's legacy . 
  the slovenian beehive looks like no such thing . 
  rather than the hard , covered apparatus that is the conventional hive -- where honeycomb frames are removed by pulling them up and out -- slovenia deploys clusters of mini-hives that resemble rows of colourful po boxes . 
  bees enter via narrow grooves at the front -- the frames are removed horizontally and from behind , in a room inside the structure . 
  this , kozmus explains , is less stressful for bees -- and less likely to result in stings for keepers . 
  but the slovenian beehive goes beyond pragmatism and into folklore . 
  so much becomes clear in radovljica . 
  this small town , 30 miles north-west of ljubljana , is an embodiment of slovenian beauty , pitched alongside the early currents of the sava , that major river of the balkans -- with mountains in the distance , and a medieval kernel cocooned at its core . 
  within , the museum of apiculture dissects the meaning and methodology of the country 's beekeeping -- not least the ornate painted panels that traditionally adorn every mini-hive . 
  there are long rows of them here , many dating to the 18th century . 
  some are religious ( the virgin mary blessing a swarm ) , some romantic ( images of wives and girlfriends ) , some superstitious ( devils driving beer carts ) , some happy documents of local life ( ploughs and oxen , schools in session , weddings , festivals ) . 
  radovljica is a couple of miles from the famous lake bled radovljica is a couple of miles from the famous lake bled credit : beautiful photos from all over t alongside , information boards detail the range and habitat of the carniolan bee ( it is also found in croatia , hungary and bulgaria ) . 
  and outside , on linhartov trg , the end product comes into focus at pension lectar , a hotel-restaurant where flavoursome `` honeybread '' biscuits are made in a downstairs museum -- and punchy honey beers are served to diners . 
  if this is the final act of the pollen-gathering process , then it is fascinating to see the start of it . 
  a short hop away , on the other side of the sava in the hamlet of selo pri bledu , blaz ambrozic is an evangelist who has turned his farm into an apicultural temple , giving tours and advice to would-be beekeepers -- as well as to visitors who want to buy his honey . 
  he throws me a net-veil protective hat as soon as i arrive , so that i can stand closer to his main hive -- and even encourages me to place tentative fingers into its belly . 
  its carniolan residents , preoccupied , are unmoved . 
  ambrozic beams like a proud father . 
  `` every bee has a specific role , '' he explains . 
  `` some are collectors , others guard-dogs or kindergarten nurses . 
  if our governments operated as efficiently as bee colonies , we would see a lot more done . '' their importance , he stresses , can not be underestimated . 
  `` bees are under threat . 
  this is why we have been campaigning , in slovenia ,, 
  turned out fairly well here , did n't it ? 
   preventing building anything larger than 4 stories outside of the docklands , and even there you can only build 12 i do n't get it . 
  what 's meant to be the benefit of that ? 
  it 's one thing to protect the old city center , but a blanket ban on tall buildings seems absurd to me . 
  that assumes that all we can do is depend on natural obsticles to migration . 
  it is possible to implement effective restrictions on the movement of people if the political will is there . 
  i 'm sure we could lease some land in one of the african countries ... does n't have to be libya per se . 
  i 'm not against the idea , but wo n't they just find a different route ? 
  why are n't we just copying australia ? 
  you eliminate the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow and the flow will dry up .
