  seems unnecessary, 
  [ the full video - 41:34 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmusv-7bmzm ), 
  you may enjoy this : [ no subtitles , but it 's fairly obvious what 's going on . 
  that 's such a great idea . 
  if only there was someone who could make such a vision into reality, 
  klaus must be turning in his grave . 
  in slovenia army helicopters are often used for mountain rescue and fighting forest fires . 
  also , during the recent ice-pocalipse , a number of apcs were used to deliver groceries in areas where trees were falling on the roads making it too dangerous for any other type of vehicle . 
  shots fired !, 
  this is nothing more than a ( partly deserved ) hit piece on hungary which broad brushes half a dozen other countries in the interest of click bait . 
  i hate click bait . 
  i find it difficult to understand the * no justification * category . 
  can someone help me with this ? 
  how can you hold an opinion without so much as a bad argument ? 
  is that a thing up north ? 
  we have n't had this good a relationship with our neighbours since , well , the roman empire come to think of it . 
  granted , the economy 's seen better days , but at least the politicians are behaving themselves for the most part . 
  i guess the trips to brussels tire them out . 
  qi , sherlock , weekly wipe , the bugle i love them all equally . 
  * good news * was fun while it lasted . 
  i miss it now . 
  you were all told to wait for the signal !, 
  those supercoliders have really grown , huh ? 
  i 'm starting to miss our nationalists . 
  they were funny while they lasted too . 
  zmago , we barely knew ye . 
  who 's talking about promises ? 
  i was talking about the law . 
  thank you . 
  just sent the email . 
  also , greece , spain , portugal, 
  the devil is in the details . 
  i do n't really have a problem with the prioritisation of more sensitive applications over less sensitive ones where the effect on the less sensitive ones is negligible and so long as all the sensitive ones get treated the same regardless of any back room arrangements . 
  does anyone know what is on the table here , specifically ? 
  also , what 's the pirate party saying about it ? 
  ahem , not everywhere , it did n't !, 
  that was clever . 
  i really liked the sense of humour . 
  not to be overly optimistic , but robotic milking and free range are n't mutually exclusive . 
  you can set up the milking station so that the cows have access to it and they 'll check in on their own . 
  the fact is that a lactating cow needs to have the milk removed or it causes a great deal of pain . 
  edit : free range , of course , costs slightly more . 
  but let 's not kid ourselves -- most traditional small farms keep the lactating cows inside as well, 
  incoherent . 
  please list the reasons individually . 
  i really ca n't tell where one ends and the next begins, 
  should all the things which exist as a result of public action be put up for a pass/fail vote every 20 years or just the ones you disagree with ? 
  in fact , this particular phrase happens to be completely identical , but sometimes they can have different meanings . 
  from what i understand , stalin had lenin 's hand picked successor killed in order to take power . 
  i do n't actually speak the language , but it sounds more like `` glory to ukraine '' to me . 
  a gay heroin addicted hitler with an emo haircut and a pink umbrella duh !, 
  how many more lives should be sacrificed and how much more fragmetattion should be risked in order to speed the guy 's departure by a few months ? 
  i 'm afraid that he 's likely right . 
  edit : besides , given that a deal is always less than 100 % of what either side wants , this one is n't bad for the maidan . 
  you need some time to get ready for the elections anyway , right ? 
  the fact that the usa and russia operate on a similarly low level is n't something that the eu needs to answer for . 
  the burden of proof is not on me to prove that no such issue exists , but on you to show that it does . 
  i can cite article and paragraph where the guillotine clause appears in the eu switzerland treaties . 
  you , on the other hand , are just imagining some hypothetical provisions in a desperate attempt to make your argument seem slightly less vacuous . 
  the specific issue in the russia ukraine case is that the dcfta was not a breach of any existing ukrainian commitments to russia . 
  this is made all the worse by the fact that russia pressured ukraine by blocking the import of products for no justified reason which is a breach of russian commitments within the wto . 
  illegal action meant to exert pressure in the pursuit of ones interest is the definition of blackmail . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  the switzerland issue is a matter of contract law , the ukraine russia relationship is one where ukraine cow tows to the kremlin or gets its legs broken . 
  one is blackmail , the other is not . 
  the topic was the supposed comparability between the two situations . 
  if you want to switch subjects and start defending putin , that 's fine , but i 'd like yours to either respond to the difference i pointed out or admit you were wrong to draw parallels the way you did before we move on . 
  the difference is that the eu switzerland treaties explicitly provide for their dissolution in the event of violation of one of its provisions . 
  i 'm fairly certain that ukraine never signed a * stay away from the eu * clause with russia . 
  it 's the difference between blackmail and contractual penalties , or would you say that those are also identical ? 
  almost everyone has power again , though in the hardest hit places it 's still coming from high capacity generators rather than the grid . 
  a lot of the high voltage power lines were destroyed and will take months to repair . 
  there 's the additional problem of some flooding in places now , but it 's localised and mostly contained for the moment . 
  the real disaster would have been if we had n't gotten the big generators from abroad since one of the cities was completely cut off from the grid . 
  it would have been the first time in living memory that a city was without power for an extended period of time here . 
  the help really saved a lot of people from plenty of misery . 
  and from the coe, 
  i would 've said it was out of the question until the army chief got replaced . 
  it 's a really scary situation now . 
  a small part of croatia got hit by the same storms as well . 
  aside from the generators , thank god for the cross border interconnections . 
  if it were n't for those , a third of the country would have been in the stone age for weeks . 
  this could have been much worse . 
  i approve of your cynicism . 
  well done . 
  also , given the geography , a fleet of helicopters would be a good idea in case of some sort of major disaster . 
  [ more details here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/echo/news/2014/20140203_01_en.htm ), 
  how is modernisation of the agro-industry a bad thing ? 
  restricting that would be simple protectionism , which would hurt the economy in the long term - especially given its size . 
  edit : thanks for the additional information . 
  good . 
  the no push-back rule needs to go . 
  the sooner , the better . 
  so , would n't it be possible to impose restrictions on 3rd countries without doing it to eu citizens ? 
  click the link, 
  has this sort of thing been an issue in latvia or estonia at all ? 
  [ switzerland should join nato . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tku_cjpr0jo ), 
  honestly , this makes me feel really bad , but lets face it , they did start this one . 
  sux for the 49 % though ... this blows - not good for anyone .
