  that only makes low enriched alcohol . 
  we want weapons grade - but only for peaceful purposes of course . 
  the tax authority does it for you . 
  you just have to send in corrections if they messed up . 
  [ we just make our own . 
  ] ( http://sphotos-d.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/665281_352731541489016_750547527_o.jpg ) edit ; no special ban for good friday here - retail outlets ca n't sell alcohol between 21:00 and 07:00 any day of the year though, 
  most of the people who pay attention to him are just there for the lols very few take him seriously, 
  a high level of societal trust ... oh , and a state of affairs that justifies it the intensity of cynicism and pessimism here gets really depressing sometimes . 
  seing as taxpayers are on the hook for any major losses , i 'd say it 's everyone 's business you could make a better argument regarding the human organ trade , since that only directly effects the buyer and the seller, 
  i do n't know about the rest of you , but i 'm far more comfortable with iran than saudi . 
  iran has a diverse political structure , an educated middle class and an interest in supporting moderate forces in the greater middle east . 
  saudi is an absolute monarchy with an incompetent leader in waiting , a massive youth bulge , a wahabi foreign policy and it also creeps me out as a place - iran feels like turkey in the cities , and honestly who cares about the rednecks in the countryside . 
  slovenia has lipica - the place where lipicaners come from . 
  also , we had our own little front in ww1 , where hemingway drove an ambulance . 
  the simple fact that we 're talking about individuals as opposed to a disciplinary consensus says plenty about economics as a field . 
  if you 're a consumerist pig like me , you may want to google * btc city * it 's one of the biggest retail complexes in europe - for me a completely freakish thing , since i grew up in the 90s . 
  plenty of air in siberia . 
  just saying . 
  [ prekmurje ] ( http://prekmurje.si/wp-content/uploads/galleries/post-31/prekmurje_pokrajina_ge_dusa_lejko_plava.jpg ) . 
  happy ? 
  i live there ... here . 
  it 's ok . 
  stop being so wasteful . 
  it 's austerity time !, 
  slovenia has alps , a mediterranean coastline and is better at hockey . 
  i do n't know much about slovakia . 
  gold , gold and more gold ? 
  there 's the eurozone , the schengen zone , the eu , the eea ... 
  i think we can figure out another concentric circle to accommodate extra-european `` good countries '' i see no reason why canada could n't be part of the scientific organisations for example - the non-eu ones as well as the fps and erasmus + . 
  actual membership would n't make much sense though . 
  the place is far more economically integrated with the us than europe for that . 
  7 in 7 cypriots do n't either, 
  you either except this status quo or you place them in an equally bad/worse situation than the one they came from in order to shift the incentive structure i do n't really see a way to cheat that dichotomy in the short to medium term . 
  fascists should stick to trains . 
  it 's not reverse psychology , it 's yurop !, 
  none of those are objectively anywhere close to meeting the formal membership criteria . 
  even if all the political problems were to be magically set aside , every one of these countries would need well over a decade to join . 
  the real question about enlargement in the medium term is in regards to montenegro , macedonia , serbia and albania . 
  what 's the point of sex if it 's not emotional ? 
  if it 's just about getting off , masturbation is far more practical . 
  like i say , it 's a preference ... 
  i do n't see myself enjoying the one night routine . 
  edit : i 'm the same way with other stuff - once i get comfortable with something , i tend to stick to it . 
  edit : in this country , avoiddably spreading disease is considered immoral , as for the religious aspects , nobody cares, 
  i think that 's a sad way to live . 
  edit : but i guess it 's a matter of preference ? 
  the country as a whole would probably have a discussion about health risks . 
  the polls say he 's likely to keep an absolute majority while jobik may gain a couple of points . 
  does anyone know if there 's some specific reason for this ? 
  he finds your lack of faith disturbing . 
  too papist ? 
  i agree that it is n't as bad as it once was , but i still do n't think it 's reasonable to have to pay extra to communicate across borders when the companies enjoy all the benefits of the single market . 
  it 's a ripoff , if a small one . 
  getting rid of needless costly technicalities is the whole reason for having a private sector . 
  they should have streamlined it for the consumer years ago . 
  since they failed , the parliament is streamlining it for the citizen . 
  also , i 'm not sure if it 's actually 2 $ per day ... 
  it may be , but i 'm not sure . 
  why are they reasonable ? 
  what am i paying for here ? 
  that is itself a result of a legal limit . 
  i think it 's best to get rid of them completely so people understand things without having to study it specifically . 
  i think the point was that * to hell with hotspots when you have regular data prices everywhere * . 
  with roaming charges , doing mobile data abroad is insanely expensive - not an option . 
  without roaming charges , you just use your usual monthly quota and pay nothing extra - no matter where you are . 
  net neutrality and roaming charges are separate issues , but have both been dealt with today . 
  does that explain it ? 
  best news i 've seen for a long time . 
  i hope this gets the press it deserves . 
  i think eurotransplant works quite well and should simply keep expanding in accordance with the strict standards that it has . 
  this si n't an easy thing to do , so it makes sense to use what works and just do more of it - slowly and carefully . 
  i 'm surprised that poland , the czech republic and slovakia are n't on the list for et accession , but serbia is . 
  does anyone have extra information about this ? 
  completely off topic , but do you have any oppressed minorities ? 
  that and many other things were obligatory , yes . 
  i already have all the cocaine we need . 
  bring hard currency instead . 
  i 'm going to italy to smuggle coffe and bananas . 
  anyone want to carpool ? 
  my yugo just had new brakes installed , so you brobably wo n't die . 
  there 's a parody video of him , which i think more or less shows why he 's popular . 
  not so much for his thinking but for his style . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80x0pbcv_t4 ), 
  while that may be disproportionately true compared to the general population , it certainly is n't accurate to say it of everyone with that ethnic background . 
  moreover , for those who wish to break out of a multi-generational cycle of poverty and marginalisation , this sort of bigotry only makes their efforts more difficult and their chances of success more remote . 
  tl : dr : you 're not helping . 
  ups , thanks for the correction, 
  and this will be enforced how ? 
  about the minorities , yes . 
  it 's not like slavery was a foreign idea in africa before europeans showed up . 
  as for the scramble for africa , we were just protecting european minorities there . 
  ok , they had a large number of kingdoms and empires . 
  not sure how you got to * non `` primitive '' * though . 
  also , being united and having a large number of empires , with unstable borders no less , does n't really work . 
  i do n't know what the legal definition of human trafficking is , but should n't the `` employers '' be prosecuted for fraud at the very least ? 
  thank you, 
  what 's the difference between net and gross in this case ? 
  it seems they 've learned something from the battle of acta hill . 
  good, 
  what would it cover and how ?
