  i do n't know , but hybridizing gotland would be a great way to box in the baltic republics without triggering article v. 
  the thing is , you do n't need to guess . 
  there 's an article about it underneath the headline . 
  he 's saying that the eu is focusing on boring but important space based applications as well as tech development - while leaving exploration in the capable hands of esa , which is independent from the eu as such . 
  seems fair enough . 
  minus the virgins . 
  ... we have , uh , working lights ? 
  ... and her ... and him ;-), 
  they 're bringing us the final ingredient . 
  phase 2 is almost finished . 
  so was dresden . 
  if you have permission , it 's not really rape , is it ? 
  perhaps that 's the problem . 
   ... atheism , drugs , alcohol and sexual permissiveness yurop stronk !, 
  i just liked that title . 
  perhaps your expectations were excessive . 
   prize tag appropriate , 
  i do n't think they 'll bother advertising it . 
  you 'll just notice better reception and accuracy all of a sudden . 
  thanks , that 's helpful . 
  do n't get me started on chinese manned spaceflight . 
  they did n't even bother to learn from others technology while building their own . 
  they just bought it from the russians and changed the shape a little . 
  on the other hand , we do n't even bother with the shape when we launch soyuz from kouru . 
  not really . 
  galileo is cutting edge . 
  it 's as good or better than what the us are launching now , but they 're only gradually replacing their old constellation - so , really , we 're slightly ahead . 
  we just skipped the awkward early years of satellite navigation . 
  i do n't live in a city in germany . 
  i live in the countryside of a heavily wooded country . 
  outages are very rare , but can be very annoying when they happen . 
  dude ... we 're talking about energy infrastructure built on the order of the russian government . 
  there 's no such thing as too expensive . 
  you can walk on the left side of the road or the right side . 
  if you walk in the middle , you 're asking for trouble . 
  you either stop these people from coming in using the only effective method - lethal force , or you go the way of full on integration . 
  doing some sort of middle ground is a recipe for disaster . 
  any word on which standard is being implemented or will this result in different chargers at each station ? 
  i like that persona ... mostly . 
  not to mention practicality . 
  the `` hang it on the wall '' idea was genius . 
  this probably wo n't displace the grid , just complement it . 
  but for me , this is a great replacement for an emergency generator . 
  those things are loud , messy and potentially dangerous . 
  they also do n't work well with frequency dependant electronics . 
  this is so much more elegant . 
  thanks, 
  if you have a link , i 'd appreciate it . 
   environment secretary ... to push for the creation of a new futures and insurance market in dairy products at eu farming ministers ' summit ... so that farmers can insure themselves against price fluctuations . 
  seems like this is more important than the content of the headline . 
  that part is spectacular . 
  the problem is that our shiny little continent is now surrounded by a ring of fire . 
  we desperately need some regional power projection capacity - and the full spectrum of non-kinetic capabilities to make it stick ( but those are the easy part ) . 
  this sort of messy dealing always looks romantic after a few decades ...  ... par des r\u00e9alisations concr\u00e8tes cr\u00e9ant d'abord une solidarit\u00e9 de fait . 
  i do n't see how that would help with the refugee issue . 
  these people have crossed eu and non-eu nations as well as the mediterranean . 
  unless the royal navy is about to start sinking unarmed boats in the channel , leaving the eu would just compromise cooperation with the places which can do something to slow the flow . 
  i hope we get better at that . 
  you know , * problem -  reaction -  solution * is also how most of humanity deals with unforeseen situations . 
  or maybe you think juncker has been planning this ever since he engineered the syrian civil way as the then pm of luxembourg ? 
  what are you basing that on ? 
  the scenario from your first sentence is far more in line with the history of eu compromise agreements than what you describe in the second . 
  i do n't know this for a fact , but it 's likely that syria had gyms and protein shops before the war . 
  lithuania has been and ecs state since 2014, 
   yeah i know lithuania does n't give esa money if you 're an ecs state , you give money . 
  not as much as full members and esa spends on developing space capacity in your country , but still . 
  it 's a newspaper . 
  they have to move copy . 
   one thing of note is that there are slaughterhouses that do the job right , with correct commissions and that not all of the farmers are in a bad situation , however sending the animals there may in the long run be as unprofitable , or more than the usual way , because of transports . 
  this is the thing . 
  these ones could just open more branches around the country . 
  the ones with higher commissions really should n't be able to survive in a functioning market . 
   it seems that they have agreed more or less on their prices , like the us telecoms do well , there 's your problem . 
  this should already be covered under anti-cartel laws , should n't it ? 
   breaking a monopoly ( oligopoly ) is not a good reason ? 
  i would disagree . 
  how is it possible for something as simple as a slaughterhouse to have a monopoly ? 
  why does n't somebody just set up a competing establishment across the street if it 's so very profitable ? 
   when a large amount of people are being sacked the state , for better or worse intervenes . 
  some times it 's a good thing , other times it just adds oil to the fire . 
  the only way it can be a good thing is if there 's a long term plan to make the business model sustainable . 
  otherwise , you 're just prolonging the agony at great expense to the state budget - achieving nothing in the long term . 
   if ... intermediaries increased the price at which they bought by even 20-30 % and lowered by 20-30 % their prices to super markets a big chunk of the problems would go away , magically . 
  why should they do that ? 
  where is the underlying economic reality that justifies this ? 
  the thing that bothers me is that the supermarkets are n't squeezing the slaughterhouses more . 
  if the margins you give are true , they would indicate a shortage of them in france . 
  is there no competition in this layer of the industry ? 
   not a political cost the government , or any government would like to have . 
  and there we have it !, 
  the government using taxpayer resources to secure its narrow political interests instead of using them for the public good . 
  i 'm against that . 
  are you in favour of it ? 
   as for what you said about getting value for money , why should the farmers be in question and not the intermediaries ? 
  because the intermediaries are n't asking for state intervention in a matter of private commerce . 
  that is n't a normal thing . 
  when the government meddles in people 's business , they should have a good reason for it . 
   because if they do n't they 'll become another mass of unemployed why this special treatment for the farmers and not the people who get sacked in other areas ? 
  also , this is a small number compared to the population . 
   in a chain everybody should get a wage representative of the job he does .
