  i thought i might be able to top this with kant , but no . 
  there 's no way . 
  not to rain on the parade , but i will submit this excerpt from * perpetual peace : a philosophical sketch * just so we do n't get too self-satisfied . 
   the state of peace among men living side by side is not the natural state ( status naturalis ) ; the natural state is one of war . 
  this does not always mean open hostilities , but at least an unceasing threat of war . 
  a state of peace , therefore , must be established , for in order to be secured against hostility it is not sufficient that hostilities simply be not committed ; and , unless this security is pledged to each by his neighbour ( a thing that can occur only in a civil state ) , each may treat his neighbour , from whom he demands this security , as an enemy . 
  edit : the ending of the speech you quote is more ominous . 
   it is after all a prodigious and admirable epoch , and the nineteenth century will be - let us say it openly - the greatest page in history . 
  as i reminded you just now , all our advances are revealing and manifesting themselves together , in rapid succession : the decline in international animosity , the disappearance of frontiers from maps and of prejudices from hearts , a movement towards unity , a softening of manners , an increase in the level of education and a drop in the level of penalties , the dominance of the most literary , that is to say the most humane , languages ; everything is moving at once , political economy , science , industry , philosophy , legislation , and is converging upon the same end , the creation of well-being and benevolence , and that for me is the end to which i shall always strive , the extinction of misery inside and of war outside . 
  my favourite interpretation has always been [ this english version of a spanish adaptation . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhdjyywoeau ), 
  [ here 's the latin version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hm909zgscpw ), 
   indeed , whoever can call even one soul , his own on this earth !, 
   and whoever was never able to , must creep tearfully away from this band !, 
  topical much ? 
  he did n't say anything about the non-essential aims, 
  in short : they 've freely demonstrated that they are morons . 
  the schuman declaration :  world peace can not be safeguarded without the making of creative efforts proportionate to the dangers which threaten it . 
   the contribution which an organized and living europe can bring to civilization is indispensable to the maintenance of peaceful relations . 
  in taking upon herself for more than 20 years the role of champion of a united europe , france has always had as her essential aim the service of peace . 
  a united europe was not achieved and we had war . 
   europe will not be made all at once , or according to a single plan . 
  it will be built through concrete achievements which first create a de facto solidarity . 
  the coming together of the nations of europe requires the elimination of the age-old opposition of france and germany . 
  any action taken must in the first place concern these two countries . 
   with this aim in view , the french government proposes that action be taken immediately on one limited but decisive point . 
   it proposes that franco-german production of coal and steel as a whole be placed under a common high authority , within the framework of an organization open to the participation of the other countries of europe . 
  the pooling of coal and steel production should immediately provide for the setting up of common foundations for economic development as a first step in the federation of europe , and will change the destinies of those regions which have long been devoted to the manufacture of munitions of war , of which they have been the most constant victims . 
   the solidarity in production thus established will make it plain that any war between france and germany becomes not merely unthinkable , but materially impossible . 
  the setting up of this powerful productive unit , open to all countries willing to take part and bound ultimately to provide all the member countries with the basic elements of industrial production on the same terms , will lay a true foundation for their economic unification . 
   this production will be offered to the world as a whole without distinction or exception , with the aim of contributing to raising living standards and to promoting peaceful achievements . 
  with increased resources europe will be able to pursue the achievement of one of its essential tasks , namely , the development of the african continent . 
  in this way , there will be realised simply and speedily that fusion of interest which is indispensable to the establishment of a common economic system ; it may be the leaven from which may grow a wider and deeper community between countries long opposed to one another by sanguinary divisions . 
   by pooling basic production and by instituting a new high authority , whose decisions will bind france , germany and other member countries , this proposal will lead to the realization of the first concrete foundation of a european federation indispensable to the preservation of peace . 
   to promote the realization of the objectives defined , the french government is ready to open negotiations on the following bases . 
   the task with which this common high authority will be charged will be that of securing in the shortest possible time the modernization of production and the improvement of its quality ; the supply of coal and steel on identical terms to the french and german markets , as well as to the markets of other member countries ; the development in common of exports to other countries ; the equalization and improvement of the living conditions of workers in these industries . 
   to achieve these objectives , starting from the very different conditions in which the production of member countries is at present situated , it is proposed that certain transitional measures should be instituted , such as the application of a production and investment plan , the establishment of compensating machinery for equating prices , and the creation of a restructuring fund to facilitate the rationalization of production . 
  the movement of coal and steel between member countries will immediately be freed from all customs duty , and will not be affected by differential transport rates . 
  conditions will gradually be created which will spontaneously provide for the more rational distribution of production at the highest level of productivity . 
   in contrast to international cartels , which tend to impose restrictive practices on distribution and the exploitation of national markets , and to maintain high profits , the organization will ensure the fusion of markets and the expansion of production . 
   the essential principles and undertakings defined above will be the subject of a treaty signed between the states and submitted for the ratification of their parliaments . 
  the negotiations required to settle details of applications will be undertaken with the help of an arbitrator appointed by common agreement . 
  he will be entrusted with the task of seeing that the agreements reached conform with the principles laid down , and , in the event of a deadlock , he will decide what solution is to be adopted . 
   the common high authority entrusted with the management of the scheme will be composed of independent persons appointed by the governments , giving equal representation . 
  a chairman will be chosen by common agreement between the governments . 
  the authority 's decisions will be enforceable in france , germany and other member countries . 
  appropriate measures will be provided for means of appeal against the decisions of the authority . 
   a representative of the united nations will be accredited to the authority , and will be instructed to make a public report to the united nations twice yearly , giving an account of the working of the new organization , particularly as concerns the safeguarding of its objectives . 
   the institution of the high authority will in no way prejudge the methods of ownership of enterprises . 
  in the exercise of its functions , the common high authority will take into account the powers conferred upon the international ruhr authority and the obligations of all kinds imposed upon germany , so long as these remain in force . 
  yes . 
  flags everywhere , a special concert type thing , the najdi.si search engine is all blue and gold, 
  is this an accurate reflection of french opinion ? 
  i always thought he was seen positively there . 
  thinking about it , i suppose this may be due to the fact that he 's seen positively here . 
  assad can bring the music ... 
  * ... i 'm sexy and i know it ... *, 
  about time . 
  rules should be followed . 
  tha\u0165s an interesting perspective on the topic . 
  could you expand on your conclusion , please ? 
   he 's looking through the rose colored glasses at our history [ speaking of which ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngwwtudvgi0 ), 
  there 's plenty of diverse stuff here , but i think bled is unique to us , so this would be my pick http://www.goodfon.su/download.php?id=547151&amp;rash=2560x1440, 
  having been born in 91 , my impression is that it was fine for the sorts of people who are talented at keeping their mouth shut or just not caring in general . 
  i recently came across an article on wikipedia about homo sovieticus . 
  those sort of people were perfectly happy back then . 
  to be fair , that was probably the vast majority after , say , 1970 or so . 
   and could n't stop -- literally -- toxic brown , fecal shit from oozing from the pipes into hotels . 
  lights did n't work . 
  doors did n't work . 
  the olympic show itself was a joke . 
  lost it at * fecal shit *  it 's so bad , that it almost seems like it can not possibly be the fault of russia . 
  there must be some wider conspiracy there 's that weimar parallel again . 
  but you can buy and sell them . 
  that seems odd . 
  british great, 
  there 's no reason we could n't station the battlegroups close to the eastern frontier - just in case it 's not like they 're doing anything . 
  we 're just coming out of recession . 
  now that i know we 're competing , your ass is grass !, 
  the trick is to make small changes, 
   better map came here for this, 
  how did these sorts of maps work in the age of blak and white ? 
  relevant : there is a thing called [ euro-islam ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_islam#use_of_the_term ), 
  you have to start somewhere . 
  hopefully we can grow this into our own format over time - one that actually presents the parties in an accessible and accurate manner . 
  out of how many ? 
  without it , you have to run legal proceedings in each country individually regarding patent matters . 
  with it , you do it in one place and it applies to all participating countries . 
  it makes it easier to do business in areas where patents are involved ( anything inovative really ) - especially for small players without a big legal department/budget . 
  anyone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  my impression was that she was just really happy to be there . 
  not sure why given her performance . 
  they have separate candidates for the commission president ? 
  pirates are in the green group, 
  verhofstadt won schultz came second i do n't care about the other two, 
  i 'm always curious to hear what people with an outside perspective think of this country - especially those who have been here for more than a month or so . 
  the tourists always talk about how nice people are , which i think goes away if you stick around . 
  how would you describe it ? 
  ww2 references in r/europe you must be very brave or very stupid, 
  in slovenia : as if they were the next step in human evolution .
