  holy shit those are both horrific . 
  i ca n't decide which one i love more . 
  the fact that he did it is great . 
  how fast he did it was amazing . 
  like it was a reflex or something . 
  it * is * a bit old now . 
  did they bring the brooms ? 
  german army * sweeps * through poland !, 
  the main point of that lander is to test out landing tech . 
  they just thought it would be a nice side project to also look into the defining feature of martian weather while they were already there . 
  also , if you 'd read the article you would know that most esa missions are n't exploration endeavours at all , they 're service focused - essentially space based infrastructure . 
  the european space agency ( esa ) expects that its schiaparelli module will land on mars on oct. 19 for a brief mission to study what causes dust storms on the planet . 
  in an email interview , thomas hoerber , a professor at the essca school of management , discusses the esa 's mission and its relationship to the european union . 
  wpr : what are the european space agency 's space capabilities and who are its major international partners , in terms of space diplomacy and commercial ties ? 
  thomas hoerber : the esa is a technical agency that brings together the best space engineering expertise europe has to offer . 
  this ethos is important for the implementation of major space endeavors , such as the galileo satellite navigation system , the copernicus earth observation program and , most recently , the rosetta mission to land on a comet . 
  this expertise is also the reason why major european space actors such as france , germany , italy , belgium and britain see the esa as the best platform for their space programs . 
  for example , france first proposed the ariane launch vehicle , but could not have afforded to develop it alone . 
  the esa 's expertise is also the reason why it is a key partner of nasa and the russian space agency , whose soyuz launch system is frequently used by the esa . 
  the founding director of the esa , roy gibson , said on the 40th anniversary of the agency in 2014 : `` we were helping to construct europe . '' the esa has built up european space companies , such as arianespace , while companies with national roots often in the military sector , like thales or ohb , have become european multinational aerospace firms . 
  wpr : what have the major priorities of the esa been historically , and how are those changing ? 
  hoerber : the esa 's space engineering expertise is uncontested . 
  space engineering is why the organization was created , and it remains its purpose today . 
  under its previous director general , jean-jacques dordain , the esa was considered the implementing agency of the european union 's space policy , despite the unease about the political consequences of europe 's growing space capabilities . 
  the esa was created in 1975 deliberately as a nonpolitical organization . 
  at that time , the european integration process was not held in high esteem , and therefore the esa was created as an intergovernmental institution that allowed member states to stop any activity they wanted , with the exception of a few core functions . 
  the discussion about the relationship between the esa and the eu -- the latter being a political organization with democratic legitimacy -- highlights the pressing question of whether or not growing space capabilities necessitate increased political leadership , sanctioning and accountability . 
  it also shows the current doubts about whether the esa , under its current charter , can fulfill that political role . 
  this is why the esa has become interested in closer cooperation with the eu on space activities , especially since the eu has proven it does n't have the technical expertise to implement space programs , as shown by its clumsy management of the galileo program . 
  wpr : how big of a political priority is the esa and space policy to the eu , and to what extent is there overlap with other eu policies ? 
  hoerber : space capabilities have become an important tool for many other eu policies . 
  earth-observation capabilities are essential for eu climate change policies , and galileo will be europe 's independent geopositioning system , which is important for motorists , precision farming and shipping . 
  satellite intelligence is vital for border control , monitoring the migration crisis , crisis management and defense . 
  that is why galileo has received eu funding under the trans-european networks budget line , which finances major european infrastructure projects . 
  for the moment , it seems that the eu is content with space technologies serving other policies with more immediate benefits . 
  we are not in an era where even the starship enterprise could lead europeans to aspire to space exploration . 
  current eu policies are much more utilitarian , which is what the member states ask of the eu . 
  we are also no longer in the cold war , where the space race pushed the superpowers to spend more and more on prestige space projects . 
  in the eu , in contrast to other major powers , there is no member state that can afford such a large space program by itself . 
  therefore , the european option is the only one available for countries such as france , germany and the u.k. , which would remain a member of the esa even after brexit . 
  the question is , beyond these immediate benefits , is there a space policy that could contribute to the fostering of a european identity ? 
  i get that the open invitation to the third world was a maaasssive fuck up , but ... was n't it also kind of the only fuck up of hers during a exceptionally challenging period ? 
  also , while most people do n't care about this , the fact that it was a well intention-ed , principle based fuck up does mean something to me . 
  i just think she 's a competent leader with her heart in the right place , but nobody 's ever perfect . 
  pay denbts !, 
  too bad you ca n't make this into a polandball comic . 
  i think you guys at cupertino might be taking the 2nd amendment a little far on this one . 
  i love you , r/europe, 
  [ here yu go , ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/svn/all/show/2014/ ) upside down russia . 
  not at all . 
  i like oriental music . 
  no , no , no , no , noooo !, 
  slovenia # 3 suck it , austria !, 
  we thought you 'd never ask . 
  vote hofer !, 
  the question is why we see that as less serious . 
  if anything , organised crime is a far more widespread problem . 
  we should call it freude prime . 
  tired to find it . 
  could n't . 
  you 'd think there 'd be all sorts of info about this or a stream or something - but i ca n't find squat . 
  right on my sligger !, 
  it must meet the accession conditions like everyone else . 
  having said that , we should make sure they have adequate defences to protect against `` tourists '' from andromeda . 
  hey , we 're european redditors . 
  we 're in cafes half the time . 
  get your facts straight . 
  a necessary evil for the time being . 
  he he a reverse turkey, 
  i 'm not really clear on what face recognition would do to help here , but my point was more about opposition to mass surveillance than about favouring individual surveilence in this one specific case . 
  tgis sort of mass tracking was never on the table before . 
  citing existing laws as a legitimation is n't valid in my opinion . 
  this is a new development and its acceptability should be subject to public debate on its own merits . 
  just because you ban something does n't mean it goes away . 
  this holds true for drugs like opium as well as for the opium of the masses . 
  it may be part of the solution , but it ca n't stand on its own . 
  not successfully . 
  place one person under surveillance instead of millions ? 
  confirmed for muslim . 
  get out . 
  get out now . 
  go home !, 
  by that `` logic '' , the best way to minimise terrorism is to b afraid of air own shadow . 
  the amount of terror is n't determined by when their goal is achieved , but by what their capabilities are and how effective we are at intercepting their attempts . 
   the risk of dying in a terrorist attack has an additive effect it has an infinitesimal additive effect which is precisely the amount of concern it actually justifies . 
  no more . 
  also , you can cancel it out and even overshoot by , say , eating more vegetables , cutting down on sugar , taking the train instead of a car , etc. 
   what is the reward for risking terrorist attacks ? 
  i 'm not saying that there is . 
  what i 'm saying is that giving this statistically insignificant threat a disproportionate amount of attention , and worse , allowing ourselves to get emotional about it , does more aggregate damage than the original actions themselves . 
  my point is that there 's a comparative reward in moving the general public to embrace an apathetic attitude toward terrorism for the reasons you outline in your third point . 
  still more worried about getting into a car accident . 
  and i do n't worry about that all that often either to be honest . 
  still , if this marks a minimum for the given period , it 's good news . 
  how does russian peacekeeping work ? 
  russia keeps a piece of this , a piece of that ... 
  tell it to satan , heathen !, 
  that 's what you get for turning your back on holy mother church and living in a nation of lutherite apostates !, 
  same reason you sanction other occupied territories , to make occupation more costly . 
  they probably have limited resources and had to devote them in a way that would cover as much of the world 's energy consumption as possible .
