  the saddest part of this is that syriza ha a great deal of good will at its disposal across europe when it came to power , but for some reason chose to squander it on causes from the useless ( renaming the troika ) to the absurd ( war reparations ) . 
  i 'm a bit concerned about the colour choice given the circumstances . 
  what you want and what is realistically possible are two different things . 
  i just do n't see a credible scenario where everything gets paid back . 
  the basic idea of a bankruptcy process is to maximise the amount that gets paid back by giving the debtor entity enough breathing room to pay back that portion of the debt which is n't written off . 
  you make a persuasive argument . 
  thank you for contributing to the discussion . 
  it 's a long process : memorandum of understanding , cooperation agreement , ecs status , pecs charter ( 5 years minimum ) , full membership, 
  [ google translate ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.rtvslo.si%2fznanost-in-tehnologija%2fslovenija-bo-zaprosila-za-clanstvo-v-esi%2f368866 ), 
  i know . 
  that sucks . 
  in slovenia , we have an under-appreciated mechanism of having the constitutional court review a law before implementation if a proper challenge is filed in time . 
  i 'm surprised more places do n't have it . 
  not technically the eu , but this is probably where this law dies : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_court_of_human_rights, 
  well , it does n't need to be debt relief per se . 
  you can lower interest rated , extend the due date etc. 
  and get the same effect without pissing off people as much . 
  greill out , it 's just a bit of harmless fun . 
  dude , come on . 
  half of the currently outstanding debt is n't getting paid back - fair or not , it just is n't . 
  the questions are how this fact of life gets formalised , whether and how the other half gets paid back and the status of greece going forward . 
  i think this is specifically targeted against the absurd government funded poster campaign consisting largely of insulting messages addressed to immigrants - in hungarian . 
  * there 's a big difference between a `` wo n't give you any more money '' and `` will fuck you up '' . 
  * it 's one german ( we do n't know which one ) saying it and his opinion is most likely irrelevant given the balance of voted in the bundestag . 
  * i do n't approve of this , but i 'm a bit sick of the oft repeated idea that the only democratic decisions are the ones made in greece . 
  here , there 's an automated system that does it after two warning bells to avoid favouritism . 
  all i can think about right now is juncker with an afro . 
  oh , my bad . 
   the drug smuggler problem can and should be fixed in a different way . 
  i 's not a problem in portugal . 
  just sayin ' . 
  i just want to note that this is an anonymous quote from a dissenting mp , not the position of the german government . 
  what he said is that he 'll vote no to any new money to a government he distrusts and that he would need a trustworthy partner in athens in order to vote yes . 
  did n't really see an expectation of regime change anywhere in the quotes . 
  edit : this is all likely to be irrelevant since merkel has a large enough majority with the grand coalition that she can afford to loose a few rebel mps . 
  i think ttip is likely to just be sliced to the easy stuff like technology standards and dumping what 's left of tariff buriers . 
  also , probably something on public procurement and some other stuff . 
  i guess it 's better than having the agro part sink the whole thing . 
  to be fair , it sounds like the guy 's a rebel in his own party and likely would n't be able to break a majority in the bundestag given the size of the grand coalition . 
  mutti still runs the show in berlin . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_emergency_in_michigan#emergency_manager jus ' sayin . 
  just an elected representative who does n't want to throw good money after bad if there 's no hope of it doing any good . 
  probably more an issue for the echr than the eu . 
  but , yes , this is absurd . 
   that 's internet-based telephone service , which uses voip . 
   you are probably thinking about isp-provided iptv guilty . 
  we 'll know more when the full legal text is drafted ( has n't been at this point in the process ) and published . 
  but presumably , there would be some form of authentication required in order to access the reserved bandwidth ... this is a bit outside my area . 
   prioritization is effectively the same as degradation of the remaining traffic . 
  yes . 
  when there 's an extraordinary peak . 
  i 'm ok with this . 
  they somewhat degrade my browser experience to keep my phone and tv working as opposed to destroying my phone line and tv as well as degrading my browser experience , but not as much . 
  also :  operators can not invoke this exception if their network is frequently congested due to under-investment and capacity scarcity . 
  if you have 10.000 phone lines in your subscription package , sure . 
  you do n't know how iptv works , do you ? 
   the rules will prohibit any blocking , throttling , degradation or discrimination of internet traffic by internet service providers . 
  this general prohibition is subject to a limited number of tightly defined exceptions :  * to comply with union or national legislation related to the lawfulness of content or with criminal law , or with measures implementing this legislation such as a decision by public authorities or a court order , for instance if a judge or the police have ordered blocking of specific illegal content ;  * to preserve the security and integrity of the network , for instance to prevent misuse of a network and combat viruses , malware or denial of services attacks ;  * to minimise network congestion that is temporary or exceptional . 
  this means that operators can not invoke this exception if their network is frequently congested due to under-investment and capacity scarcity . 
  also  national regulatory authorities shall monitor and enforce the open internet rules . 
  these authorities will thus have the power and obligation to examine the traffic management practices of internet service providers and the effect of their commercial practices on the end-users ' ( consumers and businesses ) rights to access and distribute content , applications and services of their choice . 
  they will further have to ensure that the quality of the open internet access service reflects advances in technology and that it is not degraded by traffic discrimination through internet service providers or by the provision of specialised or innovative services . 
  a lot of edits ; sry, 
  apparently , zeus is voting oxi . 
   protectionism has it 's reason not in a single market , it does n't . 
  what if other member states started saying that the quality of machine equipment is compromised by imported components ? 
  a faulty component in my vw can kill me a lot faster than a slightly less nutritious cheese . 
  did you post this under the right comment ? 
  i think there 's certainly room for a label which guarantees that a product is 100 % sourced in a certain area ( why limit it to just countries ? 
  ) , but the rules governing `` made in ... '' are n't it . 
  my point was more about the idea that it would be ok to impose a unilateral protectionism . 
  this sort of thing needs to be well defined and available to everyone equally . 
   so basically let 's all tunnel our ftp traffic over voip and get super fast downloads ? 
  voip needs very little in terms of bandwidth , but it needs it to be available the entire time you 're on the phone . 
  so , no . 
  what you 'll get is a catastrophically slow download , but it 'll be coming in at a guaranteed constant rate . 
  also , like i linked , this does n't apply to mozzarella because you 're not allowed to use powdered milk and still call it mozzarella . 
  you can make sausages in germany using italian meat and say they 're made in germany . 
  that 's the current rule which applies to everyone in both directions . 
  if you think it should change , fine , but that will also apply to everyone in both directions . 
  if that happens , there 'll be complaints from another part of the italian economy ( and a part of all the others ) . 
  ending the ban makes no difference to mozzarella since it 's got legal protections structured not only around the geography , but also the method of its production . 
  http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/?uri=celex:52007xc0425%2802%29 under `` method of production '' : `` the raw material is whole , fresh buffalo milk . '', 
  the desktop version of youtube does n't really stream , it just dumps the video into the buffer as fast as it can . 
  the mobile site , however , uses rtsp . 
  i do n't know how your streaming site works , but this is less likely to be crucial for on-demand services compared to the iptv type services where they continuously `` live '' stream the content to your device ( when you 're watching ) . 
  it 's not set in stone . 
  we can change it if it goes badly . 
  it 's just an example of a streaming service which is rendered worthless by a few occasional delays and disruptions resulting from momentary traffic peaks - the sound gets gargled . 
  if that problem gets unloaded onto less sensitive services like http or ftp , nobody notices the difference because you can compensate a fraction of a second later when the network is less burdened . 
  it 's just the sensible thing to do . 
  as i understand it , the national regulators decide the details that are n't in the directive itself . 
  regulators would n't be necessary ? 
  anyway , i think it 's wrong to just assume that the exemption is only there to be abused and has no legitimate value . 
  it 's quite a bit messier than that , but essentially , yes . 
  do n't look into this if you 're at all obsessive compulsive - it 'll drive you nuts . 
  well , then they ca n't prioritise it anyway , can they ? 
   national regulatory authorities shall monitor and enforce the open internet rules . 
  [ ... ] they will further have to ensure that the quality of the open internet access service reflects advances in technology and that it is not degraded by traffic discrimination through internet service providers or by the provision of specialised or innovative services . 
  regulators are also empowered to set minimum quality of service requirements on internet access providers and other appropriate and necessary measures to ensure that all end-users enjoy an open internet access service of good quality .
