  i think both of those countries have had visa free status for some time now . 
  i thought there was an agreement signed a while ago that made turkey visa free , but with some transition period for implementation . 
  did i hallucinate that ? 
  i meant in slovenia . 
  in slovenia epp member parties are expected to win by a large margin . 
  s&d will come second and alde third . 
  the nationalists have always been a joke here . 
  the used to get up to 6 % , but they stopped being funny and now they get practically nothing . 
  i only say it because the birth rate rises and falls with economic growth and stability in industrialised countries quite consistently . 
  god help us if rt finds this, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nqpshgvhd8 ), 
  i know , but i decided to sneakily hijack it for my own purposes . 
  hihi, 
  there 's a ukip joke in there somewhere any ideas ? 
  longer life means more old people . 
  it 's remarkable how many people overlook this fact when talking about life expectancy having said that , less children is usually an indication that people do n't feel comfortable enough to start a family . 
  just out of curiosity are there any structures in modern society that you would n't burn to the ground given the chance ? 
  why not include the unions and the church while you 're at it ? 
   how serious you think is the promise of the coalition partners to get out all of them called for snap elections this morning . 
   austrian media usually covers more about tina mazes bra problems than slovenian politics link please !, 
  the good news is that esa 's budget has been growing while nasa 's has been shrinking . 
  off course it does n't hurt that new countries are joining over time , but still . 
  he holds a lot of support in the capital ( where he 's the mayor ) , but his party was formed a couple of months before the last general election and got votes mainly because people were afraid of the center right sds taking over . 
  it was just a basket for anti-sds votes . 
  all of this was before the corruption report came out . 
  i do n't know how much support ps would get under him , but hopefully as little as possible - there are other center left options now . 
  edit :  i mean anything than that would be a complete suicide by the partymembers who voted for him ? 
  ps has only existed for about 2 years , so i 'm not sure its members think in those sort of terms . 
  you ca n't just condemn everyone who 's ever been involved in politics . 
  you can , however condemn jankovi\u0107 ... we have the numbers on him . 
  he needs to be isolated politically , and since his party has decided to support him , they should be isolated right along with him . 
  i think it should . 
  the guy who just took over ps has been shown to be dirtier than tar . 
  he ca n't be allowed to run the biggest party in the coalition . 
  edit : also , the coalition partners explicitly promised that they would walk if he were to come back - they should follow through on that commitment . 
  * every politician is a crook . 
  * very helpful . 
  thank you . 
  these new york times titles are getting really mean . 
  do whatever it takes to educate and integrate the kids in terms of extra lessons or whatever . 
  you cant really expect to integrate most people over 30 . 
  the problem has been around for generations . 
  you ca n't solve it overnight . 
  wtf is wrong with this thread ? 
  i ca n't say that roma are viewed positively in my country , but the consensus is that the problem is one of poverty and education combined with the fact that you ca n't really expect to change people very much after , say 30 . 
  the lever of naked hostility and straight up racism itt is so fucked up , i needed a few minutes just to realise it was n't sarcasm . 
  get it together for fuck 's sake !, 
  ohhh , burn uff , that 's got ta sting, 
  they should get a jew to run it for them / s, 
  this discussion could still be about either the roma or the slovenes ... either way , it 's very uncomfortable, 
  a lot goes to social transfers , but there 's also functioning public education and public healthcare ... oh and pensions - we have more old people ( that 's what happens when you live longer ) also , we 're not really talking about an either/or situation here . 
  the entire esa yearly budget is about 5,5 bn $ . 
  we could easily boost it to 20 or 25 and you still could n't find it on a pie chart of total european public spending . 
  dare i ask ... who do you mean ? 
  i just do n't get why greece cares so much . 
  there 's a paris in texas and you do n't hear the french complaining . 
  i might be able to understand it if macedonia was claiming some land or whatever , but they 're not , right ? 
  in terms of pathetic , annoying conflicts , this takes home the gold . 
  silver goes to cyprus , and bosnia gets the bronze for still keeping the dayton constitution . 
  congratulations all . 
  well the do spend 4-5 times as much on space as we do in aggregate, 
  connecting up the grids seems like a great way to use that qe money that may or may not be coming . 
  boy , am i glad i live in eurosodom . 
  we 're like the hbo of continents . 
  this, 
  i like the second one ... way to live up to national stereotypes . 
  why are they not subject to the same level of scrutiny ? 
  seems like a glitch in the system . 
  the article says practically nothing about his policies . 
  does anyone know what they are ? 
  did i miss a memo or something ? 
  i 've never thought of local , regional , national and european ( and western beyond that ) identities competing with one another . 
  it 's like saying that smart phones will make desktop computers go away . 
  it just does n't happen . 
  the human mind has plenty of room to accommodate multiple identities , especially when one reinforces another . 
  how does the region fit in ... 
  i understand that lokalpatriotism is also a thing in austria . 
  ( as it is in slovenia ), 
  but how do you identify while interacting with chinese or japanese nationals if you 're just back from holiday ? 
  how does regional and local identity work in austria ? 
  depends where i am . 
  if i 'm in slovenia , what we call lokalpatriotism takes over , if i 'm somewhere else in europe , it 's the national identity , if i 'm outside europe ( or talking to someone from outside ) [ it 's all about the robin . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i9yc5.jpg ) edit : i do n't think they compete with each other at all . 
  it 's like being asked to choose between my phone and my shoes . 
  i 'm keeping both , but for different purposes . 
  all of this comes back to labour cost , which can just as easily lead to off shoring . 
  that was your original point against a higher minimum wage . 
  you 've now switched to a different argument . 
  and how is the effect of that different from a minimum wage ? 
  wage dumping lowers wages . 
  preventing wage dumping raises them . 
  the above argument applies here just as much . 
  are you trolling ? 
  higher labour costs eat into profit regardless of weather it 's due to a minimum wage or labour market restrictions . 
  if stopping migration does n't raise wages , then what was the point again ? 
  you know , other than just straight up xenophobia . 
  it is n't really a hole either . 
  just a very dense body of mass which causes gravity strong enough so that escape velocity is higher than the speed of light - below the event horizon that is, 
  also , can we replace the * in science we trust * line with * nullius in verba *, 
  the taxman knoweth all,
