  just a sign of our times . 
  pfft !, 
  yea , that 's not why they 're selling . 
  [ yay !, 
  that 12 % is 66k votes . 
  this is over . 
  yea , my mistake, 
  just saw that the turnout was 539k . 
  they need 342k no votes to kill the law . 
  turnout was cca 522 k . that means the no side needs 65,5 % to repeal the law . 
  extrapolate to what ? 
  we do n't know the turnout . 
  yes , but this time , the weather outside is frightful . 
  it 'll get another 5 % or so by the time the polls close + the overseas ballots . 
  went to vote this morning . 
  was the only one there . 
  the constitution says you can call a referendum on a given topic * but once a year . 
  church weddings have no legal significance in this country . 
  as a result , this law has no impact on them . 
  us too !, 
  google cache of the article http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:cyfwejgvxssj:www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cebd679c-a281-11e5-8d70-42b68cfae6e4.html+&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=sl&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=si&amp;client=firefox-a#axzz3usnp9iql, 
  this was n't some small splinter group . 
  it was an important aspect of the main `` no '' narrative . 
  it 's finland . 
  everything 's cold . 
  let us know if the iraqis start coming over to buy obscene amounts of cheap booze . 
  that 's when we know the terrorists lost . 
  in one piece or several ? 
  is n't this a case of curing the disease by killing the patient ? 
  they used to be just ahead of slovenia . 
  now they 're just ahead of bosnia . 
  sulu voice : * o-oh my !, 
   yes , but iter is a tokamak . 
  and wendelstein 7-x is a stellator . 
  true , but a lot of the practical advancements needed for a commercial tokomak are treansferable to a stellator design . 
  given that this is the focus of iter , the project is also making it a lot easier to bring 7-x type device to maturity in case it works . 
  unintentional benefits are still benefits . 
   it 's looking more modern and hipster each time i visit . 
  just like berlin . 
  maybe it was a german plot all along . 
  that 's the strategic reason . 
  do n't think of yourself as an undergrad in greece . 
  think of yourself as an undergrad in europe . 
  feel better ? 
  good . 
  i agree , also . 
  keep your borders in your head , please . 
  how very french . 
  ah , yes . 
  the west is decadent . 
  it 's been decadent from the moment it emerged out of the dark ages right up to the comet landing and the higgs discovery . 
  life expectancy approaching 100 years for the first time ever is a sure sign of the apocalipse . 
  it 's just that i prefer my disaster porn in video form and with plenty of cgi . 
  haha !, 
  slovenia smart !, 
  by being in an extremely strategic position . 
  long story short , turkey is still less trouble than it 's worth . 
  it has boka kotorska - the last strategic port in the north mediterranean . 
  i think that means nato gets +5 gold or something . 
  sort of like ~ 90 % of all eu legislation . 
  so , the realms are sort of the core ? 
  til, 
  upvote for that reason . 
  the parisian atrocities , like any act of terrorism , are not and end in themselves . 
  the idea of terrorism as a tactic is to provoke your enemy into responding in a way which is far more detrimental to them than anything you , the terrorist , could achieve via direct action . 
  i do n't think these scumbags are nearly intelligent enough to intend for their killings to provoke a damaging nationalistic backlash , but the damage would be very real even though they managed to trigger it by sheer dumb luck . 
  he chose not to mention the paramilitary fanatics who have set up the so called people 's republics on the territory of a european country and shot a plane full of civilians out of the sky . 
  must 've been a brevity thing . 
  ok , i get that this is us bribing the africans . 
  my question is : what are they going to be doing for us in exchange ? 
  a repulsion toward political rhetoric and any sort of inspiring vision contained therein , a justified obsession with corruption and the resulting affinity for technocrats . 
  we have one running the country as we speak - and doing quite well . 
  confirmed for balkans . 
  welcome , we do n't have cookies . 
  yea , it 's probably best to ignore the most alarmist stuff from both camps . 
  not that they 're by any means equivalent , but still . 
  am i the only one who read the article ? 
  she 's fighting against the golf subsidies , not for them . 
  rekt, 
  slovenia can into scandinavian master race ? 
  it will definitely develop technologies crucial to the commercial operation of any donut type fusion plant - tokomak or stelarator . 
  i have to say i 'm a bit of a fanboy for the second . 
  bring beer . 
  they 'd do well to recall what happened to the last libyan government that chose to be a pain in our side . 
  i like our anthem much more than i like the flag . 
  it just seems a bit lazy to me . 
  they also hang them from all the lampposts along the main roads and at the roundabouts , but for obvious reasons i could n't get pictures of those . 
  the thing is , the ecb is trying to boost inflation by printing , but it has n't worked so far . 
  ideally you 'd want 0 inflation all the time forever . 
  but the world does n't work that way . 
  there 's always fluctuation . 
  so the idea is that you have slight positive inflation instead of negative because positive inflation is easier to keep down than negative inflation is . 
  if you go below 0 inflation for reasons other than massively lower oil prices , it takes a minor miracle to get back to price stability . 
  on the other hand , if inflation goes too high , you just raise interest rates and watch it fall . 
  we actually have a soft spot for the bloodthirsty warmonger because of * the `` french gift '' * . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/illyrian_provinces#social_and_political_arrangements sorry , austria . 
  is comes down to how effectively the * yes * campaign will be at mobilising the majority which agrees with them . 
  the low turnout decided it last time . 
  democracy is n't the best possible way of dealing with each and every issue under the sun . 
  is anyone against a unified , independent cyprus ?
