  there was time for consumers to catch up with developments . 
  that may not be the case here . 
  finally , we should remember that things did n't just work out by themselves in the past . 
  reforms were introduced which reduced the labor pool - child labor prohibitions , retirement , the weekend , a limited working time , etc. 
  just like the human body is adapted to get the most out of every calorie , market is great at allocating scarce resources . 
  but what happens when the available food exceeds what you need ? 
  what happens when the labor force is in structural oversupply ? 
  especially in places like power plants . 
  i take it you do n't approve of this development . 
  if the problems this causes stopped at the russian border , i 'd still say it 's wrong as a matter of principle , but not really any of my business . 
  the crucial point is that those problems have now spilled across the russian border several times in rather dramatic fashino - that makes it our business . 
  is there some reason they do n't just import fuel from one of the half dozen countries with open borders with france ? 
  europe and the world remain heavily influenced by greek filosophy , roman law and the mythology of both even though there are n't any ancient greeks or romans left . 
  so , you know ... some sort of point ... 
  i wish you were right , but i 'm afraid you may not be . 
  this is the same sort of argument we 've been hearing about trump for a year now , and he 's beaten everyone in his path so far . 
  fatalism , really . 
  i would vote for the party that has reasonable policies on all issues , including migration from the third world . 
  right now , most of the centrist parties across europe either do n't have it or have it , but hide it . 
  i do n't like pessimism . 
  it 's seldom helpful . 
  austria just came within 1 % of what you say is impossible . 
  and that was with a relatively light migration burden compared to what we 're likely to see in the future . 
  a few years ago it seemed silly that the fn candidate would be a finalist in a presidential election , now , it 's all but certain . 
  thinking this could n't happen in shiny western europe is foolish and dangerous . 
  and that would be a bad thing . 
  the mainstream parties need to bend here - for the good of all of us . 
  weather or not you think i have the right , that 's the way the votes will go . 
  if the mainstream parties do n't do what 's necessary to satisfy their constituents , the far right will do a lot more . 
  if that happens , it 'll be bad for everyone . 
  thank goodness . 
  i really have nothing but gut wrenching disgust for the fp\u00d6 . 
  having said this , the reasonable parties across europe need to take note and build an effective mechanism for controlling migration and regulating it on our terms . 
  even if syria calms down , climate disruption wo n't . 
  and we ca n't be on the hook for all the people displaced by that over the next century + . 
  thank god . 
  will a large minority matter if leave wins ? 
  yea , that was stupid . 
  what are you basing that on ? 
  or , deny his party victory in the next election . 
  you know , like in every other parliamentary system . 
  about furthering the interests of its member states over the interests of third states . 
  seems fair to me . 
  we 're also former austrians . 
  i ca n't speak for the rest , but slovenia is nowhere near the balkans . 
   we 're one of the richest countries in the world . 
  as are qatar , brunei , kuwait and the uae . 
  must be because they did n't join the eu either . 
  by what measure , your gut ? 
  there 's no such thing as a recession if not for its technical definition . 
  the problem with your argument is that words have meaning . 
  you do n't know what a recession is , do you ? 
  learn english , dammit !, 
  the first major recession has been over for quite a while now , so ... 
  +5 food inflation, 
  this is long overdue . 
  was there a good reason for keeping europol out of it to begin with ? 
  i mean it was established specifically to deal with cross border organised criminality . 
  how was terrorism not part of that from the start ? 
  for some reason , reddit did n't tell me . 
  let 's resolve that you were wrong on the first point before we move on to your second example of sloppy thinking . 
  how familiar are you with events between 476 and 1945 ? 
  gmo safety is a case by case issue . 
  there 's also the matter of the precationary principle . 
  which has to be proven , harm or safety ? 
  to what level of confidence ? 
  this would be a big win for non-corporate trade marks . 
  yay !, 
  it adds freude . 
  how short is your memory ? 
  had russia refrained from occupying half of our continent , there would n't have been a nato in the first place . 
  [ r\u00e9alisations concr\u00e8tes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:schuman_declaration.ogg ), 
  it 's more in aggregate , sure . 
  but the thing is , it 's not actually aggregated , is it ? 
  it 's spread over a larger population . 
  country c with a population of 500 , a base nominal gdp of 1000 units , and growth of 7 % means the gdp grew by 70 units total or 0,14 units per person . 
  country e with a population of 200 , a base nominal gdp of 2000 units , and growth of 1,4 % means gdp grew by 28 units total or 0,14 per person . 
  per capita ppp nominal gdp growth combined with inflation rates is what matters to people 's standard of living . 
  in europe , the figures are given by quarter ( three months ) . 
  in the us , they take that figure and multiply it by 4 to show what it would mean for the whole year if it stayed constant . 
  was he really ? 
  that would be hysterical !, 
  it 's good because , in the past , religiois practices would be given an unjustified exemption from this kind of reasonable thinking . 
  i guess even putin does something good twice a day - or whatever . 
  legion of dumb , assemble !, 
  the inflation rate in the eurozone is negligible and has been for a long time . 
  the take-away : slovenia is not of balkan !, 
  given your comment history , you 're clearly a drive-by troll . 
  baby . 
  sad . 
  the * slo ... * bros :p, 
  an argument can be made that assad is the least bad option for syria , but that the usa can do a lot better than trump . 
  edit - it turns out that this is actually how the question was phrased . 
  haha . 
  suck it , italija !, 
  i 'm sure they wo n't be ignored after brexit . 
  lol, 
  comming up next ... 
  actually , it 's simple causality . 
  the eu has regional funds , the uk does n't .
