  it 's too bad we ca n't transplant matteo renzi into paris . 
  i guess it is technically antisemitic , but in this sense , antisemitism is n't an inherently bad thing . 
  after all , judaism involves certain negative aspects and it 's only morally correct to be anti- those . 
  can we have a referendum on that ? 
  off , i think . 
  is n't that already enabled by the specialised services provision ? 
  not that it was a crowd pleaser when it first passed . 
  i remember defending it here . 
  it was brutal . 
  and they said brexit would lead you away from a federal superstate . 
  how dare you, 
  [ cameron joke here ], 
  entitled is the word . 
  they seem to think they 're due something extra based on no reason whatsoever . 
  it makes some sense in plumbing , but that 's about it . 
  given that alternative is in their name , have they actually provided one so far - a plan ? 
  only in certain bundescountries, 
  breaking point !, 
  the eu has failed us all !, 
  * your biological and technological distinctiveness will be added to our own . 
  resistance is futile . 
  we 're also notoriously cheap . 
  got that from austria . 
  yes , we have a nice , elegant 0 % inflation . 
  i 'm actually ok with that . 
  yup . 
  a stalinist dictatorship and a neoliberal conspiracy all at once . 
  like an abstract painting or something . 
  if we 're doing ousters over bad responses , maybe she should fire herself first over the shitstorm her open invitation to the third world set in motion . 
  if there 's ever a chance to take some power away from the council and give it to parliament , it shpuld be taken . 
  the council is a shitshow which turns good legislation into bland and boring compromise full of embarrassing treats for one special interest or another . 
  on top of it , it 's about as accountable as fifa , with its members usually blaming the commission for their own misdeeds . 
  tldr - council evil , parliament good, 
  i really wish i knew what that was a reference to ... 
  wait . . maybe our zombie wrangler prince of darkness ex-pm ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trialism_in_austria-hungary well , not quite . 
  he 's a sufficiently machiavellian figure who would give the right wing a collective anwerism in this country ... let 's do it for the lols . 
  slo can has sea . 
  that ... ... would end badly . 
  did they also warn of serious consequences ? 
  it is a day in the week after all . 
  can someone in gernamy tell me if this is a normal thing for the buba to speak about ? 
  to me , it seems a little strange that a central bank even has an opinion about something like this . 
  you may want to look into what it takes to change a treaty like this . 
  actually , she 'll hire people to gather ideas about a potential plan . 
  in the fullness of time a plan shall be had . 
  germany 's leaders are very cunning . 
  they 're not sending their best . 
  they 're bringing drugs , they 're bringing crime , they 're stabby ... and some , i assume , are efficient arbeiters . 
  they are n't having food riots , so ... 
  thanks for this . . it deserves to be the top comment . 
  apparently the first guy was claiming to have a bomb but did n't . 
  so , random nut bag ? 
  wow . 
  just , wow . 
  what was the second time ? 
   can confirm , am \u010defur . 
  lost it inside a crowded caffe . 
  worth it . 
  depends on the context i guess . 
  there 's more to this world than just guardian coverage . 
  i 'd be glad to do it . 
  especially the reactions and coverage from slovenia . 
  i assume the english language stuff will be better dealt with by others . 
  depends on the nature of the vote i think . 
  if it includes any provisions , direct or indirect , concerning adoption , it will fail . 
  if it does n't , it can pass . 
  that 's how most of us pronounce it . 
  it does make you sound like a selyak , tough . 
  how many in a row is this ? 
  a vote for brexit wo n't transfet power from ypur political classes to the british people . 
  it will simply deposit more power with ypur political classes . 
  that 's strange . 
  usually lavrov threatens consequences or serious consequences as a replacement for the word hello . 
  must have a cold or something . 
  they 're failing with both . 
  in my opinion , the american model does n't function terribly well in america - and that 's after a civil war settled some of the most contentious issues regarding the distribution of political power . 
  if anything , it would be even less well suited to europe . 
  the easy thing would be to copy from a friend , but i think we 'll just have to figure this one out on our own . 
  the gas bargains are getting progressively less profitable for the kremlin as time goes forward as a result of a number of medium and long term policies implemented in europe and the neighbourhood starting after the first gas disruprion in 2009 . 
  wars cost money . 
  occupations cost more money . 
  squeezing the kremlin at the bargaining table ultimately narrows their universe of options when it comes to military action . 
  nobody said anything about an eu navy . 
  no , but it gives your society a decisive competitive advantage . 
  you 're french . 
  when in doubt , strike !, 
  was that a joke or does tax collection really figure into headline gdp somehow ? 
  western europe and the us took longer because they pioneered modernity and could n't leapfrog the trial and error phase of things . 
  eastern europe did n't take that long to go from feudalism to reasonably functioning societies . 
  other places which compare favourably to the me are south america , india , parts of africa and even china . 
  compacted to the christianity of the time , it was down right enlightened . 
  to where it belongs, 
  they 're carrying an immense burden and even the best country has only so much capacity before things start to crack . 
  the influence is there , but overestimated in the popular press not to mention the intelligentsia . 
  that only happened after isis emerged ... the shitshow was well under way by then ... and the locals managed to do it all on their own . 
  compared to the alternatives, 
  back then , islam was progressive compared to the alternatives . 
  after the sacking of baghdad , it became the opposite . 
  syria became a total clusterfuck well before western forces got involved in any way .
