  and who decides what 's representative ? 
  why not 100 $ more than that , or 300 $ less ? 
  hat if the nature of the job changes due to technology or some other reason ? 
   a cow can be processed by a slaughterhouse in a day , a farmer needs how much time , a year , two to have them grow up . 
  maybe the farmer should sell the farm and start a slaughterhouse . 
  or maybe this is one sided information that serves the farmers alone . 
  i have no idea what the situation was 20 years ago . 
  but that 's besides the point . 
  if some interest group wants state intervention to help them they have to show that the state is getting value for money in the form of some sort of public good . 
  what exactly is the public good in giving this tiny part of the population some special economic treatment which the rest of the county ca n't get ? 
  this is their own business - it 's their job to make it work , not mine , not the states ' . 
   i did n't know offer politics could create unemployment . 
  in a global competition , being burdened by financial obligations to politically connected interests can make the difference between getting customers and loosing them . 
   it 's not a magical area where a farmer instantly becomes a garagist when a garagist is needed . 
  first : the farming industry requires fewer people as a consequence of technological developments and streamlined international trade . 
  there 's no sense in artificially keeping people in an industry which does not need them . 
  you could make an argument for some sort of transition scheme , but just maintaining a dead business model via state aid is nonsense . 
  second : why should farmers be singled out for this sort of help and attention . 
  businesses go bust all the time , industries automate , offices and retail outlets close . 
  why do n't the people there get this sort of support ? 
  why not revive the shoe making industry in europe ? 
  that 's because the number of slaughterhouses and supermarkets is regulated by supply and demand . 
  the number of farmers clearly is n't . 
  if there were too many slaughterhouses , their ability to charge such a margin would go away . 
  same for the supermarkets . 
  since there are too many farmers , their ability to damned higher prices has evaporated . 
  let the worst ones fail and the situation will stabilise itself . 
  why should anyone care that the farmers are n't happy with the prices . 
  i 'd like more money each month too , but i 'm not likely to get it based on complaining . 
  why should they ? 
   you say `` cheaper '' . 
  it wo n't be cheaper because of import . 
  what does that mean ? 
  if the imports are cheaper , you bus the imports . 
  if not , you buy domestic . 
  very few people are needed to produce food when it 's organised in an industrialised way - which , in an emergency situation , it would be . 
  you 'd have a hard time arguing you need more than 2 % of the population to do this . 
  you could certainly train that many people to operate farm mechanisation within a year and it 's not as if the unemployment rate will be 0 % . 
  it 's none of your business where i or anybody else wants to buy their meat from . 
  the government sets minimum standards , the rest is up to the consumer - me . 
  if you want to pay for some delux products , great !, 
  but you have no right to force that choice on others . 
   in france it 's simply adequate . 
  then how are prices staying low , by magic ? 
   what do you prefer : paying someone to do nothing or paying someone to produce something ? 
  that 's a great argument for funding every defunct economic activity . 
  either way your money is n't producing value - it 's a handout . 
  plus you have no way of knowing how many of these people may be able to find a real job . 
   in a country which has officially 10,5 % unemployment that 's what happens when the competitive industries are forced to keep zombie farms on life-support . 
   there is a huge gap between economy theories and everyday life . 
  would you like to explain to me how everyday life negates supply and demand dynamics ? 
   the intermediaries because they have nothing to lose , while the farms do . 
  how is it that the intermediaries have nothing to lose ? 
  if the supply dries up they have nothing to sell . 
  but , as long as there 's too many farmers producing too much food , the buyers hold all the cards . 
  this is the normal way things work in a market . 
  some of the farmers have to go out of business , that 's all . 
  or they could just stop engaging in a deficitary economic activity and seek productive employment like everyone else in this world has to do . 
  any semi-industrialised country and above . 
  if the supply and demand were in normal balance , the price would be at a fair level . 
  if it were too low , some producers would stop producing , supply would drop and prices would rise . 
  the state has no business in the dealings between retailers and their suppliers beyond the normal matters of enforcing contract law and quality standards . 
  if the farmers think they can do better by running their own stores , let them do it . 
  what are they waiting for ? 
  but for an industry to use political pressure to get more money just because they want it is simply a bunch of lobbyists getting what they want at the expense of everyone else . 
  everyone else has to earn their money in the market . 
  why should farmers have some special privilege here ? 
  autarky is a terrible policy . 
  it 's one thing to have a backup in the event of some sort of emergency , but self sufficiency in normal conditions is just a terrible economic policy . 
  an additional problem is that this sort of distorted market situation makes things completely non-transparent . 
  it 's impossible to tell what something is really worth and what it costs to produce things . 
  is it any wonder that you end up with oversupply and the natural consequence of loss making prices for the producer ? 
  you do n't subsidise oil companies when the price falls . 
  you do n't subsidise construction companies when demand falls . 
  you let the inefficient ones die . 
  this is no different . 
   i think it 's quite a key industry if the country is to stay independent in that regard . 
  i disagree . 
  if the concern is a food shortage in the event of some sort of global situation , then this should be the focus of government policy . 
  you do n't need to maintain active family farms to do that . 
  just establish medium term food reserves ( which most countries have anyway ) and keep some farming mechanisation in a few locations ready to spring into action if the need arises - which it probably wo n't . 
  we 're not talking about aerospace or defence here . 
  growing food is something you can keep in mothballs and deploy within a year , given a well prepared plan of action . 
  no need to keep it humming at 100 % the entire time . 
  what currently exists is marketed as some sort of strategic failsafe , but really it 's a gilded welfare program for an industry which nobody is willing to pay for on their own for the very simple reason that it 's not worth it . 
  these are mostly syrian city slickers . 
  if i were to move to a different continent , i 'd probably prefer somewhere with mountains . 
  what 's mugabe 's opinion ? 
  the quota thing is needed but it ca n't be the centerpiece of a european asylum and border policy . 
  i know that putting this apocalyptic shit in the headline draws traffic but come on !, 
  if you read the article , he 's saying that the external border control has fallen apart and that he wants a common european policy for both border protection and asylum . 
  he then adds that quotas have to be voluntary for states - so , yea , still a politician . 
  yes . 
  give frontex the resources to register all new arrivals on site , manage temporary accommodations off shore until processing is done and then place the legitimate refugees via a quota system with state managed integration structures organised based on result oriented criteria . 
  it has to be more than just a quota . 
  we need a joint system from shkre to settlement . 
  never mind the fact that we 've managed to make the bike into a car by now . 
  the problem is , people now want a plane . 
  a lot of people went to south america at the time as well . 
  some to venezuela .
