  that 's what most overseas interests boil down to , is n't it ? 
  that 's an olympic level preformance in mental gymnastics . 
  we 've seen how the far left and the far right play out . 
  they always fail . 
  from the economic shit show in venezuela to the killing spree in the philipines . 
  you have no positive example to point to . 
  only stories about a heroic struggle between evil kapital and the noble proletariat ; or between a deserving superior nation and a dark globalist conspiracy . 
  most of us still remember our history - and we 're not crazy about repeating it . 
  even a blind chicken occasionally finds a kernel . 
  that may be ( i do n't know ) , but the video makes mostly reasonable explanatory points . 
  anyone who abandons pragmatism and compromise in politics must be so blinded by their own ideology as to be equivalent to an extremist . 
  once you 're that far gone , it makes little practical difference whether you 're far right or far left . 
  fanatics who place ideological purity above real world concerns need to be kept as far away from power as possible . 
  we 've had some unfortuante climate events in recent years which caused a lot of trees to be damaged . 
  they needed to be removed as quickly as possible to prevent parasite proliferation . 
  as a result , there was a lot of fresh firewood around . 
  long story short , many people use them to dry firewood now . 
  actually , most of those are property damage and assult resulting in injury . 
  also a few strange suicidies in there . 
  the eu flag, 
  i find it very difficult to take a step back in this case . 
  i suppose it comes down to the question : is it a good idea to preserve all aspects of our cultural heritage ? 
  specifically , should we preserve our mistakes ? 
  the way i see it , western civilisation is on the cusp of making an important , positive transition . 
  one where ( organised ) superstition is loosing widespread acceptance . 
  while there are important differences between the traditional religions , the crucial contrast is defined by their presence or abscence rather than their particular brand . 
  have n't seen it . 
  i just point out the possibility based on a couple of things ive noticed about the loudest voices among american liberals : 1 . - they 're as superior and condescending as their phisiology will permit 2 . - they scream bloody murder the moment someone touches one of their sacred cows , or looks at it the wrong way 3 . - they often place ideological self-gratification ahead of pregmatism and strategy , sometimes at great cost i thank my lucky stars i do n't live there . 
  i 'd likely find myself inside this coalition of ineffective children if i did . 
  if you 're banning the burqa because it 's a manifestation of a foreign indea , that 's just horrible policy . 
  may as well ban al-gebra while you 're at it . 
  if youre banning the burqa becuase it 's a manifestation of a damaging bronze age superstition , that 's applicable to christian symbols as well . 
  christianity may be connected to our history , but not in a good way . 
  during the times when it had the most power and significance , it was the greatest force for evil on the continent . 
  the falg is upside down . 
  edit : the eu flag, 
  or , you know , people just found it to be an obnoxious example of american liberal selfindulgance . 
  is n't that essentially what apple did with the iphone and ipad ? 
  this is an index of consumer sentiment and managers expectations ... if people thought our biggest trading partner was going dow the tubes , it would drop . 
  no , no . 
  super high-tech byelorussia has secret teleporting fishing fleet . 
  what is it with the wine ? 
  this is getting really weird . 
  i do n't think it should be the basis for standard institutional practice . 
  at the same time , i think it 's morally ok to be against the death penalty in general , but still want to see faschist dictators killed . 
  i find it to be a sufficiently effective rationalisation . 
  the fact of the matter is , i just really hate fascists for leaving europe in ruins after a mere decade . 
  edit : having said that , i realise that this is n't exactly a noble impulse and that society should n't be run based on it, 
  that 's a protection afforded to people by civilisation . 
  if you betray said civilisation , you do n't enjoy its protections . 
  2 rounds though, 
  i thought that was breaking with tradition, 
  why, 
  the three finger salute is an especially fun coincidence . 
  i swear i 'm not trying to sell anything . 
  edit : is it just generally a rebellion movie and i 'm simply pasting the most current thing onto it ? 
  i have no doubt that when the banking union is finally agreed it will be spun by all involved as a milestone and a superve preventative mechanism for the future as most things do . 
  but i 've seen a great deal of criticism of the existing proposals saying it 's too weak and too complicated - which could be a huge problem in the event of a need for quick and decisive action in the future . 
  can anyone provide some clarification on those points and wether things can still move in a better direction ? 
  thanks . 
  it 's clear that there are substantial differences between history textbooks in different countries . 
  i think this makes sense when it comes to the amount of attention that is given to local , national , regional events , but i 'm concerned that there are still differences when it comes to substance and perspective with regards to the same events . 
  history is supposed to be a science , right ? 
  in biology , there 's a perfectly legitimate adaptation in favour of coverage of local ecosystems , but you do n't see the same subjects covered differently . 
  am i missing something ? 
  does anyone know if the speech by angela merkel to the british parliament is available in full somewhere ? 
  with an english translation if possible . 
  i came across [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/243s16/grow_food_not_a_lawn/ ) and thought it must have been submitted by an american . 
  then i realised that i have no idea what the situation is across europe . 
  in slovenia it 's quite rare to have a purely ornamental lawn . 
  at the very least the vast majority of people have some sort of fruit trees/bushes and herbs in their garden if not a full fledged vegetable garden - the latter is the most common i think . 
  aside from the obligatory parking area , how do people in your country use land next to their home ? 
  head to head - europe : is the union over ? 
  : http://youtu.be/lilehhfwdm8, 
  the ecb seems to be planing some sort of stimulus , but does n't know exactly where to pump the money . 
  the ebrd has experience in handling these sorts of projects . 
  we need a supergrid . 
  why am i wrong / right ? 
  i like a clever pic as much as anyone , but having half of the top posts be images seems really lazy and shallow , especially for this sub . 
  i just find myself wondering if something could be dome to tone down the magnitude of image posts short of banning them . 
  maybe we could have a regular post with an imgur album full of euro-funnies of the day ? 
  i get that this does n't get people as much karma , but let 's try to remember that it 's just make believe . 
  the greatness of the idea of european integration on democratic foundations consists in its capacity to overcome the old herderian idea of the nation-state as the highest expression of national life . 
  thus european integration should and must if it is to succeed enable all the nationalities to realize their national autonomy within the framework of a broad civil society created by the supranational community . 
  the greatness of this idea lies in its power to smother the demons of nationalism , the instigators of modern wars , and to enable nations to live in peace , security , freedom and prosperity by foregoing some of their immediate interests in favour of the far greater benefits of realizing their long-term interests . 
  [ full text here . 
  i just wanted to ask if the oxi campaign has put forward a description of what happens if they win . 
  ** conclusions ** ** while cee countries have been catching up to the eu average over the past 15 years , progress towards real convergence among the 12 countries that formed the euro area in its initial years has been disappointing . 
  ** experience has shown that initial convergence can unravel quickly in the face of exogenous shocks if it is not underpinned by a sound institutional framework and structural conditions that are conducive to productivity growth . 
  ** the crisis has shown that large capital flows to low-income countries can only contribute to sustainable real convergence if resources are efficiently allocated in the economy . 
  ** one of the key factors that ensure success in a monetary union is a sufficiently flexible economy where price signals allow resources to be properly channelled towards high-productivity sectors . 
  it is equally important to complement the single monetary policy with counter-cyclical fiscal and macroprudential tools at the national level in order to address at an early stage the risk of boom-bust cycles in euro area economies that are catching up . 
  ** pursuing sustainable convergence is mainly a national responsibility . 
  ** however , efforts at the national level should be complemented by structural reforms at the european level aimed at deepening the single market . 
  deepening the single market would allow country-specific shocks , especially to low-income countries , to be better absorbed . 
  this is particularly important for the capital markets union , where substantial and swift progress is still needed . 
  ** [ full pdf article ] ( http://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/pdf/other/eb201505_article01.en.pdf ) **, 
  i think schengen needs to be protected and preserved even if it means scrapping the [ dublin regulation regarding asylum seekers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) and instituting an australia-like model based on off-shore processing facilities and push-back . 
  i 'd like to know how others see this dilemma and what their priorities , concerns , etc. 
  are regarding the current migrant influx - i 'd especially like to hear what the arguments may be for dublin over schengen .
