  be dissolved because the signatures are not democratically legitimate ? 
  should all obligations ; financial , political , social etc. 
  of countries which are n't complete democracies be forgiven ? 
  if electing a nutjob leftist to power means i get * money for nothin ' and chicks for free * , then , to the polls , comrades !, 
  unfortunately , that 's not how the real world works . 
  2 +2 = 4 even if you have a referendum result that shows it 's undemocratic . 
  if you want to implement insane leftist policies in your country , fine . 
  but you do n't get to use everyone else 's money to pay for your short-sighted ideological delusions . 
  should have an * then . 
  i have a problem with the fact that china is boosting science funding faster than we are . 
  europe is in a far better position to do this than china , but we choose not to . 
  that 's not ok . 
  i do n't think they 're planning to leave the thing unattended . 
  how is everyone ok with this ? 
  umm ... 
  it 's a metal bridge . 
  you 'd have to throw a rock really hard . 
  it took a while to set up the structural and cohesion funds . 
  nobody 's currently running libya . 
  surprise protectorate ? 
  we printed a bunch of shirts with her image a while ago but apparently nobody 's allowed to wear them . 
  the blocking should be done a lot farther south . 
  i ca n't prove it , but 80 sit is an absurdly low number for 2007 - especially for a tourist area . 
  i should mention that i 've never drunk black coffee so i have no idea what it costs in any currency . 
  i just use white coffee as a stand-in for breakfast . 
   a coffee used to cost 80 tolars really ? 
  where ? 
  for perspective : in those days low inflation was considered anything in single figures . 
  all savings accounts were either in dm or chf . 
  doing the conversion ( and paying for it ) every month was a huge pain . 
  also , no need to change money when you drive for more than two hours in any direction . 
  as a native white european , i condemn this despicable behaviour of a small thoughtless minority . 
  somebody needs a cookie . 
  i do n't get it, 
  the year is 2015 . 
  how many more times must `` radical change '' result in catastrophe before people come to terms with the fact that difficult problems require a long time to be solved in a gradual manner and with plenty of errors along the way ? 
  in europe , good things happen slowly , bad things happen fast . 
  let 's hear it for compromise based consensus !, 
  muslims can not into democracy / s, 
  that makes sense , i guess . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not sure why it would take so long . 
  most of thos seems like it uses mature tech . 
  anyone know why theyre giving such a conservative timetable ? 
  video of the concept : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv29pevzvzw, 
  they also invented tragedy and comedy . 
  i 've never really understood the age limitation or the sex qualification . 
  would n't it make more sense to decide based on a medical examination and see if people are actually fit for service ? 
  also , money . 
  there have been so many amazing mission proposals which had to be rejected or postponed for lack of funding . 
  it 's a real shame . 
  i just wanted to prevent confusion with nlb and make it clear that this has nothing to do with the 2008 financial crash . 
  except that the 30 % of gdp you 're talking about no longer exist . 
  why would anyone use this phantom gdp as a basis for comparison ? 
  roaming charges . 
  nuf said . 
  as i understand it , the uk base areas arrangement was the result of a negotiation and mutual agreement . 
  is n't that exactly what is being attempted now in regard to the situation in the north ? 
  how is that an argument ? 
  my understanding was that in spite of its leaders ' antics , the party has been quite competent as a whole . 
  am i wrong to believe this ? 
  that is n't really what i meant . 
  to people who live there : how much of a nuisance does the dmz represent for the locals ? 
  in what ways ? 
  so ... wait a few more months and then invade russia ? 
  this . 
  this very much . 
  if you 're trying to say that europe 's relative influence ( in aggregate ) in the world is declining , then you have to admit that it been happening since wwi at least . 
  if you 're trying to make the different point - that the european project is in a trend of loosing its global prominence compared to some time in the past , you 're simply wrong . 
  there may be a shadow of an interesting point hidden in some sort of hybrid of the two concepts but , unfortunately , logic does n't really work that way . 
  do you even google , bro ? 
  i tend to agree . 
  even then , the real consequences take days to happen . 
  all of this is still comfortably in the territory of kabuki theater . 
  with these sorts of agreements the principle applies that nothing is agreed until everything is agreed . 
  i 'll make my mind up when there actually is a ttip . 
  all we have now are bits and pieces which may or may not end up in the document itself . 
  yet, 
  there should be a tour package where you go to all the outermost regions . 
   if he wants to push for more , the change would need to benefit the whole of the member states something like that would take a considerable amount of time to achieve . 
  it could be done by 2017 at least in terms of commitments , but if he 's in a hurry to hold the referendum asap , it 's unlikely . 
  any reason you left out cyprus ? 
  the noon salute was also a bit of a give-away . 
  the last 30s were painful . 
  other than that , i liked it . 
  i knew this cern thing was n't going to end well . 
   eurovision is supposed to be apolitical . 
  come on ... 
  i mean , come on . 
  i would n't either . 
  as long as the opposition can get its act together . 
  there needs to be more than one credible political force in a country for it to function properly over the long term . 
  just fyi ; i hate erdogan , think that the akp are rather competent overall , and that the opposition is a sad , pathetic mess . 
  strong arguments . 
  thank you for contributing . 
  they were strategically placed around the country in order to prevent it from floating away . 
  they have been replaced by rocks . 
  schoolboys of african origin who attack 12 year old girls for wearing a crucifix ? 
  i , too , have have difficulty being tolerant of ** them ** . 
  if you point out what they 're doing often enough , people will realise they 're being had and the incentive gradient for the politicians will slowly tilt in the direction of not doing it any more .
