  the occupied territories . 
  abchazia , south osetia , transnistria , maybe belarus . 
  there were actually reporters in front of a huge casino that was reserved by a bunch of russian oligarchs on the assumption they would win . 
  it was a very quiet reportage . 
  cut out the extra step and just pack it with a complementary suicide device . 
  i 'm loosing it every time i think of juncker wearing a marshal 's uniform and presiding over a parade from some platform . 
  i 'd like to see some more detail on this . 
  it seems that the quality of the cities would be a big factor in swinging things one way or the other . 
  the easiest ting to do would be to split the data into more categories : village , town , small city , medium city , large city . 
  or you could just plot the happiness data on a graph with population density as the other variable . 
  we can do better ... https://youtu.be/6mfutwbfcaq?t=30s, 
  europe : advancing the cause of civilisation since plato , ... of modernity since galileo , ... of peace since kant , ... of beauty since da vinci , ... of symphony since beethoven , ... of technological progress since watt , ... of internationalism since cobden , ... of prosperity since smith , ... 
  these and more are the foundations for an achievable , better future . 
  do n't discard them !, 
  the question was : does the presence of guns turn non-murder crimes into murder crimes ? 
  you can have the same amount of crime but different amounts of death . 
   but if you look at it by state , there 's no correlation between strict gun laws and lower crime . 
  what if i look at the deadliness of said crime ? 
  that 's a matter of technical execution . 
  i also think this is a reasonable way to go . 
  but , for the time being , europol just is n't set up to deal with this specific kind of information gathering . 
  having said that , you would also need to implement and maintain a standard of information security , personnel vetting etc. , to prevent leaks and ensure the needed level of confidence for information sharing . 
  also , some equipment and procedural harmonisation may be necessary for joint operations ( a la nato ) . 
  they ca n't blow that up . 
  we can only do it ourselves . 
  hopefully we continue to be better than that . 
  your tldr makes sense . 
  what needs to be avoided is the american mistake of convincing ourselves that it 's a right . 
  a system where only well trained , mentally examined individuals are allowed to keep weapons which are reasonably designed for self-defense would be just fine . 
  also , i 'm rather fond of the swiss approach to ammunition - if i understand it correctly , you 're only allowed to have so much and it 's kept under a seal . 
  that way you have to account for every round you fire . 
  the american line on this subject has been pretty much the exact opposite from the end of ww2 till a few years ago . 
  now , a large number of democracies are expected to turn on a dime . 
  this is n't a thing that happens . 
  you mean large cities ? 
  that 's why we have schengen . 
  but not enough to abolish fpp something does n't add up, 
  wait , so the government has to investigate every time some random closet case feels funny in the pants ? 
  democracy has been known to disgrace itself on occasion . 
  i have to confess that i 've transitioned into taking it for granted . 
  the prospect of the map shrinking back to just my home country is claustrophobic and frightening . 
  the idea of trying to tackle the problems of the 21st century without it strikes me as hopeless and delusional . 
  return to sender ? 
  finland ftw, 
  you might find this interesting : http://youtu.be/tv29pevzvzw, 
  tear gas , water cannon , rubber bullets , k9 units . 
  because the alternative was never politically viable . 
  why did they put it in all caps and bold ? 
  fair enough . 
  it 's still silly to stick with an obsolete and inferior solution to a problem . 
  this is part of the future . 
  it makes sense to get there first . 
  i do n't feel like explaining why that 's a bad argument . 
  i 'll just leave this here : http://daysgoneby.me/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/telephone-switchboard-operators.jpg, 
  calling for it is still the right thing to do . 
  good guy ep . 
  are you counting offshore wind ? 
  it 's better than coal but worse than solar and wind . 
  that 's what the energiewende kill list should have looked like . 
  but what 's done is done . 
  there 's little sense in rebuilding an infrastructure which would be on its way out anyway quite soon . 
  retrofit and extend existing reactors , maybe even replace a few but building new ones to displace coal is difficult to justify in the face of the favorable dynamics now unfolding within the renweables world . 
  the generality is completely obvious , but someone has to actually run the numbers to see what the specifics look like . 
  this is to say nothing of the fisical capacity to move product . 
  should 've happened sooner . 
  a prediction . 
  a lot of stuff starts this way and then expands . 
  natonalism seems to be a lot like alcohol . 
  makes life better in reasonable amonts . 
  the problem is that some fraction of the population lose control after the first drop and that leada to a high death toll in aggregate . 
  so ... drink responsibility ... and people who do n't are ok as well . 
  depends on the projection , but it can certainly appear very marginal ... 
  i think that was the point . 
  wow , what 's with the downvotes ? 
  i mostly expected people to not care about this and that it would stay at a low score for that reason . 
  the tugg of war scenario does n't really make sense to me here . 
  anyone know what 's up ? 
  really would n't be a problem if the russian government used the resource money halfway wisely . 
  the monumental amount of wasted potential is depressing . 
  since the end of the medvedev presidency , russia has been making me scared half the time and sad the rest of the time . 
  were the sanctions having some effect which will now go away ? 
  if not , there 's an argument to be made that more good can be done with the carrot than the stick . 
  it should be , but it usually is n't . 
  and the heat ? 
  whatever finland is doing , can the rest of us copy it ? 
  orban 2019 make europe great again !, 
  the region has been stable only when provided with adult supervision . 
  maybe we can just pay the iranians to be the new babysitter . 
  in my above comment , i was referring to a practical implementation of the westphalian model of sovereignty . 
  if all you mean by national sovereignty is the ultimate right of a people to self-determination , then our views only clash in text , not in substance . 
  you do n't think [ this ] ( http://eeas.europa.eu/switzerland/index_en.htm ) qualifies ? 
  there 's also a third option : what we have now , but improved . 
  canada , australia , new zealand are n't in a position to effect a large number of necessary changes in the world which the eu can and does . 
  on climate , human endocrine desruptors , appliance efficiency , standardisation ... 
  this is to say nothing of those things which could be done if the politicians would get their shit together . 
  absolutely sovereign nations below a certain size are . 
  edit : please note the lack of a comma after the first word . 
  it 's hardly a coincidence . 
  the same actor stands behind both the materialised threat to peace in europe and the propaganda line that the west in general is decadent and that the eu in particular is destined to scatter to the four winds . 
  judging by the oponion polls , it seems to be working .
