  that 's how it starts . 
  there 's a number of ways you can place obsticles on the road to war . 
  being part of the same alliance as your neighbours is definitely one of them . 
  placing significant political power in the hands of potential cannon fodder is another . 
  but so is the facilitation of cross border business , travel , cultural interaction , political discussion , to say nothing of the institutionalised mechanisms of dispute rasolution and prevention which are inherent to the eu . 
  it can be boring , techical and even unpopular sometimes , but it nips problems in the bud before they have a chance to escalate . 
  for my money , the more barriers we place between ourselves and war , the better . 
  not balkan . 
  not eastern europe . 
  better than deutscher . 
  watch out , france . 
  we 're coming for you !, 
  sneaky finland-ses . . do n't say you 're sending them back south , just north of finland . 
  there 's a lot more wrong with chavismo than just going full socialist . 
  i mean , yea , that 's a big part of the problem , but there 's other stuff as well . 
  these are sepearte , but compatible traits . 
  so did i. 
  made me realise how absurd my religion was . 
  10/10 would recomend . 
  and being japanese in 1944 is n't the same as being a kamikaze , but it sure does help . 
  the stupid might be genetic with these folks . 
  real question ( though it may not seem it ) : aside from giving putin a blow job , what do die linke actually prioritise in their platform / campaign ? 
  does anyone mind sharing what they submitted ? 
  i think the idea is that regular people are told to compete to the death because that 's what capitalism demands - but for the rich and powerful , this law of the jungle just does n't apply . 
  standard capitalism for us , a special version for them . 
  for those who do n't know https://youtu.be/5klvlrvaspq?t=15s, 
  yes . 
  also , slovenia . 
  during the financial crisis , the routine maintenance fund was slashed and the media completely lost it . 
  there was a nightly parade of old bridges and potholes for a pretty long time . 
  the thing is that people have to pay a road tax every year when they register their cars . 
  the idea is that this money gets invested into road maintenance . 
  when it was diverted , motorists were angry . 
  i 'm sure there are places other than here , where infrastructure spending is popular . 
  holy shit . 
  is that really how politics work in germany ? 
  i wonder what that sounds like, 
   the same time very pro european and also very conservative should that be mutually exclusive ? 
  i 'm liberal in the alde sense , but i think it should be ok to be a conservative in europe . 
   ~ ~ historical ~ ~ facts and truths are inconvenient to ideologues . 
  ideologies are constructed to be elegant and attractive to the human mind . 
  as such they often have quite a difficult time with reality . 
  reality has shades of grey , rather than a simple distinction between black and white . 
  it 's a messy thing , not built for easy and enjoyable human comprehension . 
  those are quite popular with people this time of year . 
  since bears are quite shy , they stay far away from them . 
  a minimum of one, 
  probably just in that particular area . 
  if the water table drops , it impacts higher areas first - those are more likely to be forested . 
  oh , and there 's a russia connection . 
  great !, 
  / s , obviously, 
  not the immediate east, 
  still , though . 
  it 's a traditional part of the national character . 
  if people had the same like/don ' t like list , it would be simple enough to do . 
  as it turns out , they do n't . 
  this is the case with the eu and with life in general . 
  this is why we make compromises . 
  enjoy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zquwngu-gl4, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_italian_general_election does n't look like forza has a chance of winning a plurality , but the coalition building will be a bit of a shitshow ... as is tradition . 
  the reason this is news is if a regular person said it , they 'd be accused of racism , faschism etc. 
  since gates is a well known for his humanitarian activity in africa , it 's more difficult for the `` let them in '' crowd to fling shit at him . 
  might have been the only city on the donava at the time, 
  slovenia is dark green . 
  this is the right color . 
  it 's geopolitics . 
  italy has an unavoidable interest in how things function in libya . 
  right now , this fact manifested in the form of refugees . 
  but the map is the way it is , and if it were n't refugees , it 'd be something else . 
  in europe , we 're lucky . 
  we 've inherited a situation where these interests are handeled within an institutional setting - imperfect as it may be . 
  outside of europe , interests still exist , while an institutional framework does n't . 
  as a result , things are done on an ad hoc basis . 
  is that usual for this time of year ? 
  oh , thank god, 
  did they get funding to buy new ones and just did this ? 
  if that is n't the case , it seems like a reasonable thing to do . 
  saves money and keeps the fleet running . 
  you should eat a cookie . 
  i do n't get it . 
  precisely, 
  if you have more migrants than you want , stop transporting new ones and prevent ngos from doing the same . 
  copernicus is amazing . 
  w\u00f6rk , w\u00f6rk , w\u00f6rk, 
  would be shame to modify the original , but they could definitely build the third one in la defense . 
  the way that most of the internet does ? 
  i do n't think it would look a whole lot different for the average person . 
  the commission is charged with maintaining the rule of law . 
  i have issues with the way refugees and migrants have been handled at the eu level , but the mechanism in question was duly agreed and enacted . 
  rules have to be followed . 
  in an alternative universe , where saudi was able to join the eu , they 'd be subject to the same principle . 
  germany has plenty of regional culture , as does slovenia . 
  do n't know what the situation is in other countries , but the idea that free movement leads to homogeneity semms absurd to me . 
  it 's what 's required . 
  if not now , then more and more as climate change and demographics put additional pressure on our southern neighbourhood . 
  not to mention a broad enough mandate for frontex to be able to do an effective job . 
  if they are n't allowed to set up a version of the australian model , no amount of money will get it done . 
  still , land borders are easier than territorial waters . 
  to the extent it does , it certainly wo n't be reported .
