  only some of the provisions are amended so that they come into force later . 
  they will unless the parliaments pass another amendment in this time . 
  not likely in the ep . 
  i 'm too drunk . 
  you would n't understand . 
  how old is that projection ? 
  edit : [ we 've got 2 % coming in ' 14 ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-2769474/slovenias-2014-gdp-grow-2-pct-vs-earlier-0-5-pct-forecast-institute.html ), 
  i do n't know about that , but it 's certainly a factor in how deadly they are . 
  it says in the title that the contrast is dialled up to eleven . 
  but we do n't need to drive them as fast as we do or as often as we do . 
  if we were 70 times more scared of cars as we are of daesh , we would drive a lot less and a lot slower . 
  should we ? 
  they 're both just as dead . 
  the thing is , you could prevent a number of the car deaths by lowering the speed limit by , say , 20km/h . 
  personally , i think that would be a bad idea . 
  i 've got places to go and if a few poor schmucks have to die as a result , so be it . 
  the point is : people die all the time from preventable causes . 
  why are we giving more attention to some of them ? 
  answer : we 're scared . 
  ** terror achieved . 
  eat it , croatia !, 
  eat it with your hands !, 
  in other news : cca . 
  70 people died in traffic accidents in the eu in the past 24 hours why are we giving these fuckers free media time ? 
  if they want attention , they should pay for advertising with some of that oil money . 
  [ class enemy ( 2013 ) ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3187076/ ) it includes all the typical slovenian topics - mob thinking , identity crisis and suicides . 
  generally you make common policy when there 's clear added value in having it compared to individual policies of the states . 
  i do n't see where the added value is here . 
  also , since this is a health issue , the eu has no treaty competence in this area aside from informal coordination . 
  tldr - this is n't america, 
  it 's justified, 
  i just leave this here http://static1.gamespot.com/uploads/original/507/5074039/2628795-30k4uxc.jpg, 
  cyprus , cyprus , cyprus sorry for putting so bluntly , but i 'm getting a little tired of pointing it out . 
  none of this will get anywhere without a resolution of cyprus . 
  erect . 
  lol, 
  wannabe german . 
  and why does n't this apply to the textile industry as well ? 
  or to all the other low tech manufacturing sectors ? 
  why the hell does a small group of non-competitive land owners enjoy a special government service that everyone else then pays for but themselves do n't have access to ? 
  it does in the private sector . 
  if farming is in the public sector , the farms should be government property as should any profits made by them , not just the losses . 
  you ca n't possibly defend the privileged hybrid position that agriculture has now . 
  farmers already get way too much public money . 
  find a way to survive in the marketplace or find a real job . 
  bring money, 
  i hope the third series has some substantive motifs . 
  we 're cheap, 
  so put them in prison and confiscate their property to compensate the owners for the full amount . 
  prices of goods and services fluctuate all the time . 
  why should farmers enjoy some sort of special position relative to the rest of us ? 
  it 's been a reasonable , responsible country in north africa for decades . 
  the state tv is usually more measured , but the private stations are completely vicious . 
  i meant the evening news on television . 
  the news in slovenia is usually very happy when they get to be outraged at something - this would be like christmas for them . 
  it 's news to me as well . 
  usually the media here jump on this sort of thing really fast . 
  how do people from the balkans even qualify for asylum anyway ? 
  not german , but i prefer cash because it gives me a feeling for how much i 'm spending . 
  i use my bank card for big purchases though . 
  letting go of that much cash just makes me way too uncomfortable . 
  holly shit that 's stupid !, 
  are you sure it is n't a parody ? 
  i do n't think there 's much sense in putting the referendum off by much more than the current plan - 2017-ish . 
  it 's an issue that needs to be processed through a campaign and settled with a vote . 
  for my part : wtf !, 
  nay, 
  i 've been meaning to ask this for some time now . 
  are ukrainians gay yet ? 
  i wonder how long he 'd be able to hold petersburg and keep his navy afloat, 
  they also write reports . 
  this sounds boring and irrelevant , but i think it 's actually quite important and provides an authoritative and independent benchmark for many discussions in other forums . 
  is n't there any provision for exempting approved foreign armies ? 
  well , that 's perfectly normal . 
  ... not yet , but soon . 
  at what point does it begin to make sense to build an aqueduct to a place like this ? 
  to us , maybe not in the us, 
  the word that usually gets used in europe is subsidiarity , but almost nobody knows what that means, 
  i think this should be a state issue . 
  haha !, 
  our muslims are better tan your muslims . 
  i would definitely pay a premium price to see that . 
  nobody said they were competent, 
  one of this flying dinosaur things ... 
  i forget the name ... let 's just say dragon . 
  croatia is the brother , austria is the former governess , italy is the loud but charming neighbour and hungary makes great spicy food . 
  to provide some perspective :  ... [ of ] all those people in france who migrated from countries with a dominant muslim population , or whose parents did , only 33 % [ of ] 5 to 6 million people ( 2 million ) said they were practicing believers . 
  let 's try to keep the 2 000 000 figure in mind when we see such statistics . 
  who knows what putin may do tomorrow, 
  am i the only one who sees this as a publicity stunt ? 
  i do n't think we should give them our attention on these terms . 
  maybe they do n't have any storage . 
  you did n't link to anything, 
  i thought of this : http://youtu.be/ueoxqvmbn3i?t=23s, 
  what 's going on with turkey ? 
  mozart 's delicious balls ? 
  i think in both english and slovene . 
  i often find myself in a situation where i ca n't articulate my thought in the language i 'm using at any particular moment . 
  sometimes i borrow latin expressions as well since doing anatomy . 
  might be time for a directive on the topic .
