  investigated indiidually and approved based on their individual merit , not a general prohibition or permission . 
  our coast is already full of italians . 
  i think technocracy-democracy hybrid is a perfectly acceptable form of government so long as there are mechanisms in place to keep it responsive . 
  it 's the last part of the northern mediterranean coast which has military significance but is n't in nato . 
  the us has 11 million illegal immigrants in the country . 
  is america super-dead ? 
   almost all eu governments are parliamentary democracies , so it 's rare to have a difference of opinion between legislature and executive this is true . 
  still , in my opinion , it makes sense to put the parliaments on an equal footing with the executives . 
  personally , i 'd be in favour of stripping the executives of some of their veto powers and giving them to the parliaments , but that 's unlikely to happen . 
  i just think there 's a difference between the political dynamics and democratic accountability of a cabinet with closed sessions and a parliament with public discussions . 
  also , most eu nations do n't have the westminster system , so cabinet members have no direct constituency to answer to . 
  parliamentarians do . 
  the ecthr is not an eu institution and the echr is not an eu law . 
  the former is an independent institution . 
  the latter is its own treaty which defines those himan rihhts which signatory states must protect . 
  just because your constitution does n't ban something directly , has little impact on whether someone can successfully appeal a law at the ecthr with the claim that it infringes on their human rights . 
  can this case advance to the ecthr ? 
  sharia is an incredibly fuzzy term . 
  in a legal defence , you can certainly make the case that you were n't doing anything illegal . 
  it 's secular by the real world standard applied to the other secular regimes . 
  http://asdl.us/limitless-s01e03/ http://asdl.us/the-simpsons-s27e01/ http://asdl.us/the-simpsons-s27e02/ http://asdl.us/vice-s04e00-special-report-fixing-the-system/ http://asdl.us/minority-report-s01e04-720p/, 
  people here generally love the self made rich , are envious of old money rich and really hate the rich who got their money from post communist privatisation or with government contracts . 
  well , it 's worth a shot - sometimes it works out . 
  the last bit in pertinacities reeds like it 's written by an overprotective mother to a young child . 
  come on , guys . 
  just join nato already . 
  you can simply have a neighbour fill in during these awkward moments . 
  remember when a handful of syrian kids swarmed a volunteer in budapest as he was distributing free stuff ? 
  fortunately , this is less scary - for some reason . 
  eea gas, 
  it 's a lot easier to educate a majority of mps than it is to educate a majority of the electorate . 
  especially when you consider the fact that it 's an mp 's full time job to learn about the things he or she is making decisions on . 
  the electorate is comprised of people who do n't get to study the issues for 8 hours a day and get played for it . 
  so the steelworks in jesenice does n't count ? 
  or the car plant in novo mesto ? 
  or the entire gorenje complex , or the rogaska glassworks , or all the companies that make auto parts for export or the pharma companies , litostroy , kolektor , sava ... 
  i get that you were probably joking , but i needed to respond in case someone wanted to take it too seriously . 
  ups . 
  did n't see the * economic * in your first comment . 
  my morning cup had n't kicked in yet . 
  you get that this would be a fundamental breach of our domestic rule of law , right ? 
  and if it can be done for them , what 's to stop some future political dynamic from causing a similar action against you or me ? 
  it 's emanuel kant 's home town . 
  rightful yuropean clay !, 
  were these guys montenegrin residents or did they come from the outside ? 
  but they make right wing voters feel warm and fuzzy when shown on tv . 
  you have a source for that ? 
  as a slav , thank you for the explanation . 
  read that in a texas accent . 
  priceless . 
  it 's very cold in russia . 
  lots of flu . 
  the more important variant factor is the extent of the grey economy in each state . 
  though that would push in the other direction . 
  why not just baptise the fetus if that 's the important thing here ? 
  zimbabwe joke about european farmers ... someone help me please . 
  would n't it be funny if part of the brexit deal was joining the eurozone ? 
  hard brentry !, 
  in the us , they 'd call this domestic terrorism . 
  they 'd be right . 
  this man is obviously a cunt . 
  but let 's point out why this statement in particular reinforces that fact . 
  the un is far more than the security council and the general assembly - the most famous institutions based in nyc . 
  it also includes the who , unicef , the world food programme , unesco , and a long list of other , obscure but vital agencies which do the essential work that makes it possible for the world to avoid all manner of stupid mistakes . 
  it 's thought of as a sort of fairy tale period here . 
  at least politically . 
  it would * feel * worse somehow , would n't it ? 
  yes . 
  article 7 . 
  it has been referred to as the nuclear option though and described as unlikely . 
  sorry to pile on , but ... :p even ignoring the climate change angle , you still have to consider the public health costs of coal which are n't included in the figure above and the geopolitical problem with gas . 
  oh god , do n't let rt find out . 
  unlimited is too little ? 
  do you even math , bro ? 
  or you could regulate foreign financing of religion the way ypu regulate foreign financing of politics . 
  also , the moroccan variant seems to be harmless enough . 
  do n't be such a brain washed liberal . 
  this was obviously a swine-icide attack !, 
  try to ignore the a and focus on the ** - ** . 
  bike sharing would help there . 
  no reason you could n't have bike stations inside the super-blocks . 
  this is only the first data dump . 
  the nominal mission is set for 3 more and maybe an extension after that . 
  battery life and range are things consumers care about directly ... the market will take care of that . 
  most people do n't give two shits about their car 's emissions , which is why there are public agencies that are supposed to look after the legal standards . 
  anyway , it 's apples and oranges . 
  the thing is , if it just killed some worker bees it would n't matter that much . 
  but since it poisons the hive even in really small concentrations , it ends up having a , ore devastating effect . 
  the fact that these particular insecticides harm bees in yet another subtle way is news because colony collapse used to be a mistery, 
  [ free full text here ] ( http://www.nature.com/articles/srep32108 ), 
  beats me . 
  you should ask an american . 
  they seem to be the experts on this subject . 
  i find your racist conundrum mildly amusing . 
  well done . 
  i 'm frightened now . 
  and what does the pope think ? 
  this is legal case , not fucking eurovision . 
  it does n't matter what people think . 
  the court will decide .
