  so visiting nk would still be a lot safer . 
  erm ... have n't i just said exactly the opposite ? 
  besides , you 're completely ignoring my second point : unless you went to italy or france , et . 
  and spent 100 % of your time in tourist areas , you are going to run into a language barrier anyway if you do n't try to speak the local language . 
  but that 's the point . 
  i already speak english in the states , and people here do n't go on vacation often . 
  why would i want to waste that rare vacation just experiencing a different flavor of what my everyday life is like ? 
  besides , a lot of the popular countries on this map ( italy , france , etc ) do n't speak ( statistically speaking ) very good english , so there 's going to be a language barrier anyway . 
   try going to other parts of the country you would be suprised how different amsterdam is compared to the rest . 
  i do n't know how long i would even want to stay in amsterdam . 
  utrecht and den haag seem like they would be more fun , to me anyway . 
  duh , it 's in africa right next to cambodia . 
  have i earned my flair now ? 
  :p anyway , seriously , it 's more of a reflection on * our * culture than a stance against yours . 
  spanish culture has , historically , had much more influence here in the states than portugal ever has . 
  the spanish we speak here may be different than castillian , but we still have a much higher percentage of people who can identify more readily with spain than they could with portugal or portuguese culture . 
  ( also , on a personal note , i * really * want to walk the camino de santiago . ), 
  the color scheme is awful . 
  that being said , i 'm surprised at some of these results . 
  for me personally , belgium and the netherlands would trade places with the uk . 
  okay , cool . 
  that takes care of that . 
  [ this site ] ( http://www.studyineurope.eu/ ) seems to be a good start re : finding a university . 
   i do already have a bachelor 's degree - although in an unrelated field . 
  what field ? 
   i did have a social work internship during undergrad , though , and i went to a liberal arts school so i took classes in psych , anthro , and society . 
  european universities are unlike american ones in that they are n't likely to care about what classes you took , and the fact that you had an internship likely wo n't hold much weight , either . 
  are you planning on moving to your target country permanently , or do you want to come back after you get your master 's ? 
  the reason i ask is because your approach is going to differ depending on your answer . 
  the problem with getting your master 's in europe and then coming back to work here is that [ your degree may or may not be recognized ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qualifications_for_professional_social_work#united_states ) by your state . 
  you can find out the requirements of your state [ here ] ( http://www.socialworklicensure.org/ ) . 
  / r/iwantout what country are you looking to go to school in , specifically ? 
  well ... maybe if they moved from friesland ... , 
  just ... one ... more ... . turn ... . . 
  that 's dedication . 
  i like that . 
  i think for one , it 's a delicate situation , and two , it 's rapidly unfolding everywhere . 
  or maybe because the more you try to repress something , the more it fights back ? 
  whatever the reason , it 's a multi-faceted issue . 
  it wo n't be solved by stricter social policies alone . 
  i think you 're missing the point . 
  sanctions are meant to be temporary . 
  look at russia shooting themselves in the foot right now . 
  the ruble reached an all-time low today in terms of worth . 
  does that hurt the common people ? 
  of course it does . 
  and that makes the people discontent , and puts pressure on the government to do something about it . 
  countries do n't sanction others because it 's a good idea economically for themselves or especially for the country they 're sanctioning . 
  they do it in retaliation . 
  pretty much no country will hand out sanctions just for the hell of it because that hurts * their * economy , too . 
  hahaha , that would be some irony , right ? 
  `` those dumbasses think the sun is a star , can you believe it ? '', 
  i was making a quip about how - like any other country - we have our educated people and our uneducated people . 
  the sun is a star , but not everyone knows that . 
  hands off italy !, 
  yeah , but we showed those neocommies where to put their lasers !, 
  ww12 , on the other hand ... 
  no worries - i just meant that hopefully it applies to * no one * , as a requisite is that their wife has to die in order for them to be eligible . 
  i would hope it would apply to fewer than that . 
  it 's like anywhere else : a mixed bag . 
  some people might be able to tell you most of the countries in the eu . 
  some people are uneducated and think the sun is n't a star . 
  this . 
  there will be zero doubt in anyone 's mind that you 're from europe . 
  eh , i 've seen pictures of `` jihad john '' and of the thousands of people they 've made line up and march to the place they 'd be executed at . 
  but as for the actual executions , i 'll take your word for it ... 
  i had never seen the videos . 
  and i would n't have heard of the videos if not for reddit and foreign media . 
  awww , sorry mike . 
  i would romance you , but we do n't really have a specific cultural way to romance people here in the us . 
  i could ... write you a song , i guess ? 
  i know many who would say the same about dutch . 
  where can i sign up ? 
  can someone explain - in the event that flanders and wallonia should split , what on earth are they proposing would happen with brussel ? 
  it would be a huge advantage to whichever side kept it . 
  well i 've got to admit , your ancestors were pretty ... interesting, 
  can we have t-shirts ? 
  i have to admit , i thought more or less the same until i saw foreign articles and news stories about isis start pouring in . 
  it 's something that sounds so outrageous you have to see it to believe it 's really happening . 
  thank you !, 
  oh sorry , i misinterpreted what you meant . 
  i thought they were disputing that there was a correlation between being exposed to a language and being more likely to speak it . 
  same . 
  i 'm curious as hell but ca n't find any information on this . 
  you 've just made my day . 
  this is brilliant . 
  how else am i supposed to know what 's happening ? 
  do you have a list of movies dubbed in flemish ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i 'm not sure what there is to dispute . 
  i 'm living in america and am exposed to spanish more than i am to , say , russian . 
  consequently i speak some spanish and no russian . 
  as i said in another reply ... as an american , it gets really frustrating to have to deal with both the anti- and excessively pro-american sentiments you see everywhere . 
  we do n't choose where we 're born . 
  it 's just frustrating to have to deal with either of those types of circle jerks . 
  i did n't choose where i was born . 
  you 're right . 
  `` weltburger '' is the most portuguese-sounding name ever, 
  plant city , fl has great strawberries , too . 
  how is that even relevant ?
