how can you ignore cost of living ? 
  sure , you 'll make more money in london than prague but the cost of living is higher , too . 
  it evens out in most places ( except here in the us , where cost of living is high but minimum wage is less than $ 8 usd in some places ) . 
  that argument can be made for any religion though . 
  i think the best approach no matter your background is to teach your kids about all religions , all ideologies , all major points of view -- and then let them decide for themselves what makes most sense to them . 
  whether you 're a muslim or a satanist or a goddamn pastafarian does n't matter so long as you teach your children to think critically . 
  in regards to age : the people i am talking about are women now , but started wearing the hijab of their own volition as a child . 
   most muslims do not believe in freedom of religion . 
  see , that is simply untrue . 
  the more extreme and vocal muslims believe that for sure . 
  but there are many moderate or even secular muslims who do make up the majority of the religion . 
  interesting statistics . 
  can i get the link to that study ? 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  yeah , but that 's a bit of a strawman . 
  even most of the muslim community can agree that honor killings are fucked up . 
  the thing is , other religions ( christianity for example since it 's huge in murika ) have their extremists too , in about the same proportions as any other religion , but they do n't get any time in the headlines i suppose because those stories just do n't sell as well . 
  shoot , i live near a church of jesus christ , which is an offshoot of the kkk and has ties to the aryan nations extremist group . 
  that does n't get any time on the news . 
  while horrible , honor killings and forced ( read , forced . 
  not `` arranged '' ) marriages are a product of the government that condones them . 
  that is the true issue here : there are places that condone this shit . 
  right ? 
  how can a fucking piece of cloth cause so much aggression ? 
  i used to think quite similarly ... that muslim women were forced to wear the hijab . 
  that was until i met a handful of muslim women who had chosen not to wear it before , and then chose to start doing so because they wanted to express their faith . 
  to them , it 's the same as a christian wearing a cross necklace . 
  i do n't really care where people come from or what their background is , but why claim to be tolerant and then be up in arms about someone expressing a culture different to yours ? 
  there are a few countries that do force you to dress a certain way , and the issue there lies with the governments , not necessarily the religion itself . 
  full disclosure : i 'm an atheist so i think all yo religions are kind of silly . 
  i ca n't but agree ... 
  some of these comments are just asinine . 
  if you mail them , pretty much guaranteed they 'll be held up at customs . 
  but then again what do i know ? 
  like i said , people are getting them in somehow . 
  ( then again shipping from western europe to the states takes like 2-3 weeks :( ), 
  they will literally not allow you to bring them with you . 
  :( i mean , i 'm sure it can be done ( as i 've had one here in the states so someone is bringing them in ) , but i know that at least when it comes to shipping they do n't allow kinder eggs in at all . 
  0:40 -:46 is brilliant . 
  that 's an interesting perspective . 
  it 's unfortunate for people on both sides . 
  sweden is known for its generous social policies , but like any country ca n't be expected to be able to handle an exodus of those proportions . 
  there are certainly strains being put on the economy and infrastructure because of this . 
  on the other hand , it 's unfortunate that there is little , if any assimilation going on right now , but perhaps that 's to be expected . 
  take the us as an example : this country was built on immigrants , but never particularly took kindly to them and even today has a very strict policy on allowing them to emigrate here . 
  back when my ancestors came here not all that long ago , they were ostracized to the point that they refused to pass on italian to their children , so that their children would only speak english and would seem more `` american '' that way . 
  things have gotten a bit better than that but it just takes time , newer generations and cultural mixing in general , which is always going to be bumpy at first . 
  that 's kind of you , but i literally switched around what you said in my head . 
  your english is fine . 
  that 's definitely good to know . 
  yeah . 
  and they taste magical . 
  i completely misread what you said . 
  i disagree . 
  a later drinking age encourages earlier illegal drinking because `` it 's cool '' . 
  but my real issue with the drinking age is that states are supposed to have the right to impose their own domestic laws such as this one , but are coerced by the federal government to keep it at a certain age . 
  it 's that abuse of power that irritates me most . 
  holy crap . 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  also , the drinking age . 
  you can enlist at 18 but ca n't have a beer with your dinner until 21 ? 
  what the heck . 
  check customs regulations online before you try . 
  i know that if you try to ship something like that they will hold the package at customs and most likely dispose of it . 
  / r/snackexchange has taught me a lot about what is and is n't allowed into the us and contraband dairy products are on that list . 
  for real though ... why iowa ? 
  family ? 
  ooooh it 's so hard to find kinder surprise here since they 're illegal . 
  so worth the search though . 
  for all my ` urikans out there , imagine a wonderball , but made out of delicious chocolate instead of dirt , and filled with a toy instead of stickers . 
  also , the store near me stopped carrying toffifee , and now i do n't know what to do with my life . 
  i do n't know , i like their accents !, 
  their beer is pretty great too . 
  the fuck ? 
  if it was my restaurant i 'd at least stand by my employees . 
  people should have to do much more than offend to be fired from their job . 
  this is what i had meant , although i imagined it a little more , well ... reddish . 
  thank you for your response . 
  well yes , that was the origin of rus , and it 's a pretty fascinating history . 
  but the ( apparently wrong theory i 'm being downvoted for :p ) theory i was referring to is that that original civilization , rus , was from a word meaning `` reddish '' . 
  yes , that had been the theory that i had heard when studying history but it seems it 's far from the only theory . 
  thanks . 
  weird , i had always heard the theory that it was a reference to their reddish-brownish hair . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  the idea of an eu great depression is goddamn terrifying . 
  i totally sound like i 'm from germany now !, 
  they 're next . 
  we 're going to free you all first . 
  our results indicate that that is a * lie . 
  i dunno about that . 
  i live in florida and we get close to 3,000 hours of sunshine a year . 
  i 'd much rather live in a cooler , temperate , more verdant environment . 
  i 'm not sure i follow . 
   i swear we do n't have a plan to free this sub, 
  thanks for the translations , then !, 
  can you link to the original text ? 
  nooo ... 
  holy shit . 
  i 'm just reading this thread thinking you guys * really * love your flags ... 
  could n't agree more .
