  aaaand now i want bretzels . 
  thank you for the deck . 
  i 'll save it for when i ( eventually ) reach a point in dutch at which i feel fluent enough to start on another language . 
  if italian does n't come first ... because , ya know , at the end of the day it would be rather useful to speak the language of my `` other '' country . 
  lol . 
  i 'm glad you have such a passion for german culture . 
  all the more reason to try for dual citizenship . 
   thanks again for the advice . 
   have you started learning yet , or is this also informing your plan of what to do in the event that you leave ? 
  how much progress have you made in dutch ? 
  i have started , actually -- i became interested in dutch in the first place because a good friend of mine speaks it , and i was introduced to it through him . 
  i 'm only about a month in , but i 've been making some strides ... 
  i struggle with word order , though , so i 'll definitely look into the michel thomas program . 
  so to answer your former question , it 's a bit of both . 
   do you prefer french , or german ? 
  would there be any harm in applying for dual citizenship ? 
  because as a uk citizen , you qualify . 
  uk allows dual citizenship , and de does if your first nationality is that of an eu country . 
  i want to learn french and german for that very reason ( they 're quite useful , and i dislike being limited to english ) . 
  i feel like once i have a better command over dutch , learning german will be a lot easier . 
  also , i have friends that speak french , so with some practice it should n't give me too much of a problem , since i already speak some spanish and the grammar is quite similar . 
  haha , once you learn german and french , you 'll be a triple threat . 
  what methods do you use to study them ? 
  i grew up around my italian family , all second and first generation american citizens . 
  i 'm surprised they ca n't hear us back in italy . 
  super jealous of your frits . 
  and your beer . 
  i think the obsession with [ your waffles ] ( http://www.chefeddy.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/dsc_0806.jpg ) is because ours look like [ this ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_pbuc_jdhvme/s_m0-mgkkli/aaaaaaaaa28/42uehzsw2lo/s1600/img_0556.jpg ) . 
  they 're just kind of sad-looking . 
  also , we 're not really that loud . 
  ^ ^ ^ that 's ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ lie . 
  ^ ^ ^ we 're ^ ^ ^ rather ^ ^ ^ loud . 
   there 's a joke about us politics which says that `` the usa has two political parties . 
  a right wing one , and an even more right wing one . '', 
  unfortunately , that 's very true . 
  i do n't consider myself a part of either party -- but for the time being , for progress ' sake , i tend to lean towards the candidates that are for the most liberal policies ( healthcare reform , marriage equality etc ) , which tend to be democrats anyway . 
  we tend to vote for whomever seems to be the less shit option , which , if i 'm not mistaken , is similar to how it 's done in britain . 
  :p i 've got a soft spot for the netherlands . 
  as for visas , i 'm actually pretty lucky because i can become an italian citizen ( and by extension , an eu citizen ) through my ancestry ... but right now italy does n't seem to be a very good place to try to set down roots . 
  i 've done some research and it seems that , limited though i am here , i would have more opportunities here in the us than in , say , rome , naples , or sicily -- where my family is from . 
  but like i said , i 've got a soft spot for everything dutch and it would be easier to live there once i 've got eu citizenship . 
  ideally , i 'd spend some time in different countries/metro areas to be sure , though . 
  this is all a few years out of course , and could change , but it never hurts to plan ahead . 
  netherlands . 
  come over to / r/iwantout , it 's a pretty helpful sub and you can lurk and see if any of the situations apply to you , or ask around and generally receive some pretty helpful advice . 
  and then there are some people who -- if you * were * `` nordic white '' -- would absolutely not believe that you were spanish , because they think of spanish people as having darker features , like brown hair and eyes . 
  i had meant to say that more people are voting/leaning democrat ( far more liberal ) than republicans , but it seems those statistics are old ... 
  either way , personally , i 'm moving to europe for all of the aforementioned reasons and more . 
  like i said -- better pr . 
  trust me , we probably hate our government more than any of you do . 
  :p happy cake day . 
  i appreciate your detailed response . 
  i think the primary problem in the us is actually party politics . 
  we only have two main parties that have a monopoly on all dialogue ( or lack thereof ) in politics . 
  and people would rather focus more on not letting `` the other guy '' win than sit down and examine what the actually issues are right now , such as civil liberties and healthcare . 
  healthcare is * huge * right now . 
  as you mentioned , a lot of people see programs like obamacare as an affront on liberty -- which is a disingenuous representation of what most people are actually like and what people actually value , such as charity . 
  these certain individuals have no problem with charity and are quite giving and generally kind people but do n't see the value in a nationalized healthcare system . 
  the good news is that those sentiments are more popular with older individuals , who grew up in a time when `` pulling yourself up by your bootstraps '' was not only lauded -- it was still possible . 
  but with the younger generations , including my own ( i 'm in my early twenties ) , there is an evident shift in ideology . 
  corporations have had too much freedom thanks to the laissez-faire policies you mentioned . 
  education is abysmal , thanks to inane party politics . 
  there are still a lot of places where being gay will lose you a job , or will lose you the right to marry your significant other . 
  tuition and textbooks are artificially inflated through the roof , with little hope of getting a job after college to pay for all your debt . 
  our military puts its nose where it does n't belong . 
  and the number one reason for bankruptcy in the us is due to medical debt , because hospitals quite literally invent their own prices , and privatized health insurance does absolutely squat in the overall scheme of things . 
  more and more people , it would seem , are fed up with these things ... healthcare chief among them . 
  however , it has a couple of reasons why the general public is * currently * against it : 1 \\ . 
  as mentioned above , some people just do n't see the value in a nationalized healthcare system , or seem to understand how it actually benefits society as a whole , including themselves 2 \\ . 
  because you have to pay out of pocket for the healthcare , and many people are struggling right now - so the mandatory fees are very unpopular 3 \\ . 
  if you did n't charge outright , you would have to raise taxes ( this would be the ideal scenario ) , which is never a popular option . 
  anyway , i 'm ranting , but where i 'm going with it is this : we may not be quite there yet , and that is a damn shame , but we 're heading in that direction . 
  i wo n't be here to see it , but in 10-20 years my generation will be fed up with this system and will likely have more of a say than the currently 60 year old nra members sitting in their apocalypse bunkers while spitting their chewing tobacco on obama 's hope posters . 
  argentina is white, 
  i 'm just more surprised that a lot of the answers in this thread are `` canada '' . 
  canadians are essentially americans with different vowel sounds and better pr . 
  but culturally speaking we 're more or less identical . 
  maybe they were using apple maps . 
  fair enough . 
  in many ways , yes , but my point was that our member states do n't have as much autonomy as they had envisioned/hoped for when they established our government . 
  the user before me lists a number of reasons why the eu has been more successful in a number of areas while still managing to retain each state 's autonomy and independence . 
  i agree brother . 
  i agree . 
  yet when he sends troops over : how dare you try to do anything about the situation ? 
  thanks , obama . 
  to be fair , if it were fox news it 'd look a little more like [ this ] ( http://gyazo.com/e28185225a1fecdcd0f2b36ed6243853 ) . 
  that had been my thinking . 
  besides , norcal is richer in general . 
  i figured that would be a big reason in a lot of people 's minds as well . 
  oh , it 's safe for americans , alright ... 
  miles are fucking impractical . 
  `` let 's think of a nice round number ... 
  i know !, 
  5,280 feet in a mile . '', 
  i try to think in metric units , but it 's hard when there 's nothing we really use metric for besides soda bottles . 
  really ? 
  here , you do n't even get off for presidents ' day . 
  no way . 
  the call for independence in catalonia will only get stronger with time . 
  i think some were actually rooting for scottish independence for that very reason .
