  most probably did n't care , though . 
  well , that 's in my vocabulary now . 
  thanks . 
  exactly this . 
  the eu seems to function well enough the way it is now , actually : as an eu citizen you can travel and work freely in other member states , and are granted the same rights given to all other eu citizens elsewhere in the union . 
  yet , each member state retains their autonomy . 
  that 's essentially what the goal of the us was , and we failed . 
  miserably . 
  he has quite the way with words . 
  you just do n't see such eloquence every day . 
  that being said , as a beginner -- what the hell does `` tetten '' mean ? 
  you 're lucky then , you get two extra days vs. most of the us . 
  good friday is technically a holiday -- for christians . 
  you do n't get the day off from school or work for good friday , so i would n't include it on this list . 
  and most places are going to celebrate independence day on the 4th , as that is the official day of independence , rather than on the third . 
  some districts * might * celebrate a national holiday the day before * only if * they 're trying really hard to get a three day weekend when a holiday falls on the weekend . 
   i want to make clear that i personally do n't have any ill will or contempt against the spaniards i think this , more than anything else you said , drove home to me how completely separate you feel from the spanish . 
  either way -- i hope you get the opportunity to speak your mind when that time comes . 
  where are you from ? 
  why would you split california ? 
  just curious . 
  are you from california ? 
  also looking in from the outside , but flanders seems to be keeping wallonia afloat more than anything ... 
  i plan on it !, 
  this is great , thank you . 
   a boy from kenya thinks the bulgarian woman is `` the natural version of kim kardashian '' . 
  that 's actually pretty accurate . 
  i 'm learning dutch , so that 's one difference ... :p, 
  i guess i 'll find out !, 
  haha . 
  thank you !, 
  really , i knew * of * portugal 's beauty , but damn , i did n't know it was stunning !, 
  well , i happen to be of the lady variety , but i think i could handle it . 
  hell , who knows ? 
  i may just do exactly that . 
   i hope i could at least motivate you to visit some of our cities  holy crap . 
  i 'm going to portugal . 
   we 've got our own legal weed not in most places , yet . 
  not even medical weed which is just stupid for anyone to protest . 
  anyway , i can understand the appeal , but for me -- if i 'm spending thousands of dollars and plenty of time abroad , i would want to be somewhere more exotic than the uk . 
  the uk does n't fit the bill * because * of our similarities . 
  i guess i 'm biased because i love both dutch and flemish culture . 
  it 's a silly thing to hold an interest in , i know , but just take a look at [ this ] ( http://www.fhwa.dot.gov/publications/research/safety/pedbike/05085/images/fig1511a.gif ) and you 'll understand why . 
  i just have a love of everything dutch and this is one thing in particular that i adore . 
  not * because bikes * but because it shows such a huge cultural shift between the us and nl . 
  oh , i agree !, 
  i think portugal would do well to advertise more in the us . 
  you often see commercials for the bahamas or other caribbean destinations , but i think portugal could sell itself well as an `` economical '' european getaway , since it seems to be somewhat cheaper there than some other countries . 
  a lot of people are struggling financially right now , so that approach could be effective . 
   you 'd not believe how many cyclists there are that do n't seem to have the slightest idea how traffic rules work . 
  that 's what i 've heard , haha . 
  to be fair , though , i wish we had that kind of infrastructure here . 
  i think more people would ride bikes instead of using their cars if a. we had a real bike lane and b. everything was n't so damn far apart . 
  true . 
  it 's just that , in this context , portuguese culture does n't have any influence over the us . 
  we have hawai'i , as well as beaches on both coasts of the continental us that are suitable for surfing . 
  i 'm not putting down portuguese culture at all ... 
  i just mean to say that even though those things are important in portuguese culture , it has no affect on the us . 
  when you think surfing , maybe you think porto . 
  americans think o'ahu . 
  florida here !, 
  canadians . 
  canadians everywhere . 
  also , a lot of brits and australians ( and the occasional irish ) stop by . 
  lots of swedes for some reason . 
  some germans as well . 
  our french-speaking tourists are usually from quebec , rather than france . 
  they all seem to follow the exact patterns you 've described . 
  also , i noticed the french seem to dress up more in general . 
  to be fair , even most americans would n't say they wanted to go to nm or iowa if you asked them what state they wanted to go on vacation to . 
  [ surfing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/surfing#origins_and_history ) is n't portuguese , and we have our own world-famous beaches ... 
  that 's rather adorable . 
  that 's not the point . 
  obviously they meant that reporters ca n't trust the cloud . 
  it is n't secure . 
  they are n't saying the `` russian government goon squads '' are n't a threat , just that for purposes of their trade ( journalism ) cloud storage is n't an option . 
  there are 2.8 million people in my metro area . 
  i still do n't think bodo would be boring . 
  it actually looks like a place one might go to get away from all the chaos of living in a huge city . 
  did you ask ? 
  i 'm so curious now . 
  like holy crap , just think of how angry you would be with whatever tour guide or blog or whatever gave you to drive through hours of nothing but trees and rocks . 
  i 'm just saying , sometimes people do n't realize * just how freaking huge * the us is until they come here , and realize that they planned to do too much in too short of a time because they had n't accounted for the distance . 
  i would bet twenty bucks on the latter if i had twenty bucks, 
   because amsterdam fuckins blows ( heh ) hardest i 've laughed all day . 
   you can hardly navigate the shitty streets with fucking rivers flowing through them , one way traffic sucks and the people are rude . 
  i 've heard horror stories about trying to navigate through all the bikes ... 
   thats not how all people think . 
  you 're right , but that 's what happens whenever you try to generalize any population . 
  not 100 % of people will fall on one side of the fence . 
   i know a few people from the us as i lived there for a year and when i try to convince them to visit me in europe thats what they tell me . 
  if you do n't mind , may i ask where you 're from ? 
  anyway , i just think that language should n't bar one from visiting other countries on vacation . 
  for example , everyone that wants to go eat pizza in florence has an obligation to at least try to get around in italian . 
  i think there 's absolutely an obligation to at least try to speak the local language . 
  texel could be fun . 
  i 'd give it a shot , haha . 
  then again , the beaches where i 'm from look like [ this ] ( http://www.sharingflorida.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/twitter-wallpaper1.jpg ) , so i 'm way more intrigued by all the canals . 
  they 're gorgeous and we do n't have anything like them here at all . 
  true , but you have to jump through a series of hoops to get a tourist visa into best korea in the first place , and after that they want you to spend your money and leave as soon as possible .
