  the battle is very well done and the difficulty is spot on . 
  the voice acting is also pretty good , and the game is very pretty looking . 
  my best purchase on the iphone so far !, 
  i want to replay most of the older games either way :p, 
  wow that 's amazing :d, 
  hades is a lot of fun too !, 
  i love the super synthesize shop he opens , 
  when you 're in midgar at the end of disc 2 remember to go and get w-item materia !, 
  just run back at the railroad ( ? ), 
  all the way and you will notice it . 
  it 's a very useful materia and with it you can easily get all your stats to max ( except like spirit & magic i think ) . 
  search up w-item glitch and you will learn more if you 're interested . 
  this will definitely help with emerald & ruby weapons . 
  it 's okay to not like things . 
  a lot if not everything is based on personal opinion . 
  while you may have not enjoyed ff13 me and many others certainly did . 
  coming here and bashing a pretty good looking tat just because it 's based on a game you did n't enjoy is very childish , imo . 
  piece *, 
  for the game not to take presence in the future but rather in the past . 
  also : the points you said . 
  i do n't know what version you 're running but if you have n't tried it you can just save the game at the end of disc 1 and then just file -  run iso and then search your disc 2 . 
  frog drop :, 
  amount of frogs catched x quina 's level = damage . 
  max that out and get a bunch of defensive blue magic and you have the best character in the game . 
  are you dying or what seems to be the problem ? 
  make sure someone has the medic role available whenever you need it ( preferably high level on good char ) . 
  i remember i was stuck on that part for a good hour as well . 
  i just kept running around and then finally got the story to continue . 
  the guide i was reading also sucked so i had no idea what to do . 
  he looks very confused, 
  i 'd like to point out that fiora 's q ( cap closer ) is very bad . 
  not only does it have smaller range compared to other cap closers , it also does not place fiora on top of the target unlike other cap closers . 
  this makes it very easy for the target to just run away with no problems . 
  listen to this : www.youtube.com/watch?v=isz5lhlo1h0, 
  black label ff8/ff9 are worth as much as black label ff7 as far as i 've seen . 
  not sure if they 're on vita but ff4/ff5/ff6 are all great games . 
  ff10 & 10-2 is also coming so keep your heads up on those . 
  backtrack to dragons gate in lindblum . 
  one guy there is selling basic stuff . 
  i 'd also go ahead and get a chocobo . 
  go to north east from lindblum over the bridge and there 's a forest separated in the middle . 
  go in and talk with the moogle until you get gysahl greens and use the gysahl greens on top of the chocobo trails outside . 
  after obtaining chocobo you can play hot and cold or buy more gysahl greens from the moogle . 
  flawless, 
  i love this word flawless ^ flawless ^ ^ flawless, 
  i used this as well . 
  definitely one of the better guides i 've used for games . 
  use this one op !, 
  so you got past the super rare mythril dagger steal ? 
  then you can make this one :p, 
  i believe it only works for this subreddit . 
  it 's called flair and you can change it on the right side of the page . 
  i found him alright . 
  i was dealing the same amount of damage with him as cecil ( i think both of them had some axe ) . 
  i ca n't even remember his abilities so i do n't think they were that good . 
  just attack and destroy everything . 
  actually i think it is a legal issue . 
  the japanese voice is only `` licensed '' in certain countries ( not na or europe ) . 
  it would be illegal for them to publish the japanese voices elsewhere . 
  i believe you get a strength sphere and higher stats for blitzball . 
  catched a fly mid-air with a single attempt . 
  ended up letting it escape in disbelief . 
  stop acting like a goddamn princess and learn how to not act like a bitch . 
  you 're not the center of the world . 
  i think i have one right before iifa tree , but i 'm not certain . 
  i 'll check it out in ~ 2 hours, 
  do n't spend all of your time drawing . 
  most of them you can get way easier later on . 
  when you get high magic stat you can draw a lot of magic at the same time succesfully . 
  i think you 're supposed to have some kind of an account . 
  check out your e-mails . 
  for anyone curious \u00a5 26,000 is around 200 $ or $ 270 . 
  this game has a lot of random items just thrown around , especially near big cities like alexandria and lindblum . 
  most of them are n't even in chests so checking out random bushes for the exclamation marks will definitely be worth it . 
  definitely zidane . 
  he 's such an open person and willing to help those in need of it . 
  he gets along with everyone in ffix ( even makes the ` bad ' guys realize what they 're doing is wrong ) . 
  impossible afaik . 
  they did n't include the japanese voices for the english release or english text for the japanese version . 
  funny how the only ff game i 've completed multiple times is ff9 . 
  also i 'm currently playing 6 and waiting for the hd version of 10 & 10-2 to come out . 
  i 'll go through ff5 after 6 i guess . 
  just a quick tip for anyone that 's about to get to this part . 
  if you get caught 5 times the monster in the cage will stop using those really sudden gazes . 
  the minigame should be a breeze to get through afterwards . 
  why does it say remix ? 
  the original ps1 was called psx a long time before the console in the picture came out . 
  fma and fma : brotherhood, 
  the slots is a limit break in final fantasy 7 for the character cait sith ; when done correctly ( based on skill , so possible every time ) it instantly ends/shifts the phase of any enemy , making bosses and enemies very fast to kill . 
  some people did n't enjoy running the game with instant kill method and decided to make another category for the game in order to make the run more complicated . 
  hence the no-slots category was born . 
  confuse in general ... that 's soooo annoying and dangerous when it hits a powerful character . 
  a spell that i remember getting really annoyed by would death in ff13 since if it hits your main character you instantly game over . 
  it 's also very hard to protect against the spell because of the way status resists are made in ff13 . 
  one of the end bosses used this and i had to retry the battle several times just because of that spell . 
  stan sb - let this go . 
  the song is just so long that i get distracted or something and then fail . 
  extremely depressing to fail when the song has only 10 % left to go . 
  that would be omega ruins . 
  you have to remember that quina is quina though , he/she pretty much does what he/she wants to do , which more or less always includes food and his/her gigantic appetite .
