eune : -9, 
  glad to have people like u , 
  wingsofdeath, 
  cool , calm guy with good music + member of tsm evo , 
  thanks for doing this !, 
  nice !, 
  sweden, 
  eune, 
  wtf these casters thought zilean was a troll pick by alex ich who 's known from his great zilean plays . 
  really disappointed . _ . 
  one of you noted that the zilean pick is probably a placeholder after sounding really surprised when they held the zilean pick . 
  placeholder = evelynish = troll pick, 
  temple jax, 
  that kill was not meant to be . 
  pretty sure he thinks pulverize actually causes an earthquake that deals global damage, 
  nice !, 
  nepaster, 
  eune, 
  thanks for doing this !, 
  indeed , a wise choice !, 
  i can no longer utterly fail my e-q ? 
  what kind of sorcery is this !, 
  please no urgot anymore, 
  can voli fling enemies over walls ? 
  it 's so annoying to read reddit on my phone now because i ca n't even tell if some comments are directed to another or not : / at least i can disable the new theme on my computer, 
  thanks for the tip , downloaded alienblue , 
  it 's actually a lot stronger for minions than for champions . 
  +25 % ms on minions . 
  jungle riven most likely, 
  when you choose draven in champion select he says welcome to the league of draven . 
  lee sins q is bugged again ( froze like 3 times today mid-air in one game ) . 
  i downloaded it on my iphone yesterday . 
  the 2 free songs are ` to zanarkand ' and ` one-winged angel ' . 
  the game itself is quite a lot of fun but i feel sad that i have to buy the game in pieces . 
  anyway , will most likely put around 10 euros on songs , you do n't have the time to watch your characters either way :p, 
  why would they nerf riven ? 
  nobody even plays riven, 
  last time i played it i used zidane , quina , freya , steiner . 
  do n't need healers after you get some levels , 
  auron 's sphere route for some good damage output . 
  i do n't understand why people think it has aged badly . 
  i just played it last year for the first time and i loved every bit of it . 
  wait . . what is ` rage ' in battle arena ? 
  is it a handicapp ? 
  it seems i am non-existant . 
  1700-1800 is n't there :( . 
  that or i am blind . 
  edit : it is there now if it was n't before . 
  very good post . 
  only once in my lifetime have i watched ff stream , it was a ff9 speedrun and it was a lot of fun to watch . 
  i 'd like to check out some more , anyone willing to give me any advice about good ff streamers and where they stream ? 
  yes but it 's illegal . 
  i thought tiffranosaurusrex was asking whether or not it was possible to get ffx working on emulator without the actual ps2 copy of the game . 
  to clarify :, 
  * ripping the game from your own actual copy of the game = legal, 
  * downloading someone elses iso file from the internet = illegal, 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  i do n't think you should buy the gold ticket yet unless you have grinded a very decent amount of money . 
  imo the best choice is to leave the battle square for later when you can decently clear anything with good handicaps to get a lot of points each round . 
  besides getting the points for the battle square is not fun business either ( for me , it was n't ) . 
  someone upload that now, 
  i just thought i sucked and always failed to hit the golems, 
  hey you should totally post this to / r/finalfantasy too !, 
  i 'm sure they would appreciate it , 
  it was actually lulu 's sigil . 
  celestial/ultimate weapons consisted of 3 parts in ffx . 
  the weapon , the crest and the sigil . 
  sigil always required some kind of a minigame iirc . 
  except you have to get the money from somewhere . 
  daguerreo in ffix, 
  [ jesters of the moon ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxmgjddikwk ) from ffix ( aka zorn & thorn theme ), 
  search on youtube something like `` epsxe tutorial '' there 's one video that includes everything . 
  the download link also has all the plugins so you do n't have to worry about them . 
  i 'm on my phone so i ca n't search the video for you . 
  ff8 ending is definitely up there . 
  ca n't go much more wtf than that, 
  knew the cosplayer would be a girl lawl, 
  i believe you can use stopga ( and i believe a summon too ) to prevent the death from going through . 
  this of course requires a pretty decent ability to react to the spell . 
  it might help you out . 
  also there was a 30 % deathproof item a little bit before orphan . 
  it can help so if you had picked it up be sure to use it . 
  this will be amazing !, 
  great games played for great cause . 
  i think you 're confusing oeilvert with desert palace . 
  oeilvert is the castle on the forgotten continent while desert palace is kuja 's hideout on the outer continent . 
  the move is also called lv5 death , not lv7 death . 
  you can block pages like these.this shit is fucking ridiculous ( my 9 year old cousing likes to like every single teen sfag picture ) . 
  finland , northern europe . 
  i believe it means the extra sphere grid , dark aeons + penance and some other small changes ( such as ribbon armor and updated stats on some enemies ) . 
  masamune is n't curved . 
  i do n't think sephiroth ever uses any other swords . 
  tidus looks way better on that preview :o, 
  i 'm so excited . 
  it 's the first cutscene that does n't work right ? 
  then the problem is most likely on the disc . 
  you could try to download another disc 4 . 
  there 's not much else you can do . 
  i just bought it and i tell you it 's amazing . 
  after you get the hold of movement ( it 's kinda tangled at first ) it 's great !,
