  this thread makes me feel extremely happy about myself . 
  on top of having a chain he also appears to have multiple beautiful chins . 
  thank you !, 
  i do n't know the answer to your question though sadly . 
  i got it from a relative some years back . 
  i ate a bee and it stung inside my mouth , near my throat . 
  `` clock faces that are labeled using roman numerals conventionally show iiii for four o'clock and ix for nine o'clock , using the subtractive principle in one case and not the other . '', 
  taken from wikipedia article : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_numerals#.22iiii.22_on_clocks, 
  needs more shitty mic users . 
  you could be in the middle of a card tournament or several point of story depending on if you have airship . 
  if you do n't have airship you probably have to play cards in the tournament house in the middle of treno . 
  if you do have airship try visiting lindblum and talking to cid . 
  i just realized how similar ruby weapon and the ragnarok from ff8 look like . 
  finally the long awaited release date . 
  was hoping it would be closer to january though . 
  i guess the localization needed for the new content that has n't been released in na/eu yet takes some time . 
  it 's on the left side right when you enter inside the south gate with steiner ( dagger is in the back he is holding ) . 
  it 's a pretty decent weapon but you 're fine if you miss it . 
  it 's not even uncommon and you can buy it later on in the game . 
  the thing about emulators is the fact that they 're kind of placed in the grey line , and i 'm not sure how this sub ( or its moderators ) think of them . 
  anyway , you can download the emulator ( without bios , has basic plugins ) from http://pcsx2.net/download/releases/windows.html . 
  it is really simple to get working ; just follow the instructions . 
  now after you 've downloaded it you need to get ps2 bios . 
  you can find them easily by using google . 
  i 'm pretty sure you just need to drag the bios files into the bios folder in pcsx2 . 
  as for the game you need to either have an actual physical copy of the game that you insert into your cd/dvd drive . 
  or you can download an iso file ( illegally ) from various sites on the internet . 
  google , once again , is your ally . 
  after you have a working emulator with bios and the game file you just need to configure your input keys/controller and you 're ready to go . 
  amazon is the normal one unless you pre-order . 
  if you pre-order from amazon it 's the same as the deal from your local shop . 
  keep in mind some of the songs were not changed at all and are the same as in the original . 
  i 'm not alright anymore, 
  how to maximize the gains, 
  actually the 9:56 time for ff10 is a segmented run . 
  the single segment wr is 10:26:06 at the moment . 
  as for long runs i 've seen someone do a run of ff9 that lasted just barely under 40 hours . 
  it was a joke category though ( arbitrary rules like get one max level character , get one of each card etc. ) . 
  a real run that is really long would probably be some other jrpg game such as xenogears ( i think ~ 20 hours ) or one of the persona games ( something little less than 20 hours i believe ) . 
  from what i 've seen people who use numpadless prefer it for the minimalist size . 
  there 's also the practical reason of being able to use the mouse closer to the keyboard . 
  might be worth noting i hit 17 last december . 
  right thank you . 
  i 'll try to count my calorie intake right now and reduce it a little bit . 
  nice chest and arms progress !, 
  how tall are you ? 
  it 's been a minute op are you alive, 
  hey sweet setup man . 
  does your mic pick up the mechanical keyboard sounds ? 
  i have the same mic and it 's quite a problem for me . 
  how do you deal with this ? 
  i see . 
  i also have brown switches , such a shame they 're so loud : / . 
  i think i might just sell this mic even though it 's very good in other aspects and look at my other options . 
  thanks for responding !, 
  i 'd be a blitzball . 
  in the news, 
  probably one of [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qluegdq.jpg ) things . 
  apparently they make breathing ` harder ' or something like that in order to acquire those lung gains you 've always wanted . 
  coincidentally i 'm also # 47 in my country :d not nearly as good global rank though :p http://i.imgur.com/xjshfez.png, 
  unless you 're a black guy doing bodyweight exercises in a park, 
  just finnish, 
  how many reps are these for ? 
  oddly proportioned lift numbers ( bench higher than deadlift and squat ? ), 
  says 174cm in the title, 
  part 1 : http://www.twitch.tv/caracarnvi/c/4141418, 
  part 2 : http://www.twitch.tv/caracarnvi/c/4141420, 
  part 3 : http://www.twitch.tv/caracarnvi/c/4141425, 
  part 4 : http://www.twitch.tv/caracarnvi/c/4141446, 
  bear mode activated, 
  you looked like 10 when you were 14 . 
  you 've come a long way !, 
  looking biiiggg . 
  what kind of base did you have at 275 ? 
  ca n't believe you weigh 110 pounds in the starting picture . 
  i started at 127lbs and looked as skinny as you or maybe even skinnier than what you did . 
  we 're same height as well . 
  keep at it , you look way better . 
  previous wr was 8:37:38 by crocogoat . 
  you can just add your height and weight if you want to avoid that . 
  finno-ugric languages so finnish , estonian and hungarian . 
  i 'd like to add i hurt my sternum doing this program ( and this program only ) . 
  it set my bench press behind significantly when i started hitting the gym regularly and it is still my weak point . 
  i also lost flexibility because of the injury . 
  if you 're going to do this , at least do it slowly and if anywhere hurts in a bad way stop immediately . 
  how many pullups can you do now ? 
  i 'm assuming they dropped quite a bit . 
   they 'll post your fuckin picture at the counter, 
  wait how is that even legal ? 
  that seems awful a lot like public shaming ... 
  eh , i guess you are right . 
  it just stroke up to me as petty shaming . 
  alright . 
  i also love the infected mushroom version, 
  9 to 11 years . 
  any leg pics ? 
  i wan na see some wheels, 
  dt on ar10 is ar11 . 
  at least according to [ this . 
  looking great af dude .
