yeah but surely making it so that the only way anyone has a chance is by physically being in germany is dumb af, 
  this is what perplexes me most about the entire situation . 
  even if merkel thinks it 's a good idea/possible to help everyone outside the first world , surely she can see that using the acceptance criteria of ` you are here ' is retarded . 
  that 's pretty cool , self teaching a language is n't easy . 
  i did it with french and it 's no walk in the park . . do n't worry though , you 'll be classed as ` non-american ' , so you 'll be safe if you slip up and say chips . 
  an interesting one . 
  it would depend on how good your english is . 
  if you sound typically mexican you 're off the hook , if you 've learnt english to the extent where you could be mistaken for american i 'm afraid you 're out of luck son . 
  yeah i mean i clicked the links and was expecting something real bad , but hell it looks a shit-tonne nicer than the dive i lived in when i was studyiing for my first two years . 
  ( i did n't blame it on a lack of women though , which is the key difference i think . . ), 
  this is true . 
  if a non-native speaker says chips : `` hahaha , how funny , they 're called crisps mate '' if an american says it `` it 's crisps you bloody yank . 
  stop destroying our language you neanderthal '', 
  i think you make a very good point . 
  i visited iran last summer , and i was shocked at how everything is basically alright ( well , on the surface ) . 
  if it was n't for the fact i knew someone who had already visited before me , i would never even have considered visiting simply because i assumed it would be incredibly shitty and dangerous . 
  it 's kind of an extension of your point , everyone assumes that poor places and places ruled by dictators must be total warzone hell holes , but actually the difference was n't even that marked . 
  well , no . 
  if you just shove a bunch of unskilled , super poor/desperate people from an atrocious war zone into an area you pretty quickly end up with a ghetto . 
  that 's not good for anyone ( especially the chinese ), 
  really cool pictures , thanks . 
  i 'm going cycling in portugal this summer , looks like a beautiful country, 
  it 's like the other clouds but small , yellow and burns the skins and eyes . 
  wow that is one of the worst and least helpful articles i think i 've ever read . 
  i do n't understand it either . 
  i 'm in a similar boat to you , often i side with the left but i just do n't see why people are so afraid to criticise immigration or other cultures . 
  how many articles/blogs have i seen going ballistic about a sports team having sexist chants yet these same people post nothing about the rape that is rampant in asylum houses ? 
  the mind boggles . 
  this is clearly a huge problem for people from the middle east and north africa , when i was in morocco i was told many times that under no accounts should i leave my ( now ex - ) girlfriend alone at any time when outside . 
  that is n't normal , how is it controversial to criticise that culture ? 
  it 's barbaric and it should not be accepted in the west . 
  so somebody who says we should deport a middle eastern criminal is less western than the imported crimimal ? 
  right . . what exactly do you see as undermining the principles of the justice system here ? 
   you can deal with the rapists a lot easier than you can deal with the kinds of people that are prepared to support a fundamentally different society than the one we have . 
  but what about immigrants who also support a fundamentally different society ? 
  do we just not worry about them because there arent enough of them ? 
  it 's quite a wishy washy criteria though isnt it . 
  i do n't tjink saying we shouldnt accept/should deport an asylum seaker who is a rapist really makes someone as incompatible as said rapist does it . 
   nope . 
  they 're only more scrutinized ( and thus concealed ) in some cultures than others . 
  so you seriously think that a man brought up in a culture where women are literally told they must hide their bodies from the eyes of men and are treated as second class citizens ( not allowed to drive , not allowed to show their faces , not allowed to vote ) will still treat women as well as someone who doesnt grow up in such an environment ? 
  how does this logic make any sense ? 
  this would effectively mean that people are born with an automatic attitude to the world and that this isnt altered through life or by surroundings . 
  do you honestly think that problems like sexual assault and attitudes to women are the same throughout all societies and cultures ? 
  exactly . 
  i just cant believe that so many people still arent accepting that males from a certain part of the world are more likely to commit rape that those from others . 
  she even says it later in another paragraph . 
   `` it is utterly unrealistic to expect all those brought up in fundamentalist religious cultures -- conservative islam being the largest , but by no means the only such culture -- to be able suddenly and completely to ditch all aspects of the pervasive environment they were brought up in . '', 
  how can she fail to put the two together ? 
  it 's absurd . 
  that 's interesting to know , thanks for the information . 
  i think two key points are that people doing apprenticeships in germany firstly still go to school and thus continue their learning , and most importantly that an apprenticeship is viewed as a useful and respected qualification outisde of the specific trade . 
  i ca n't vouch for other countries but in britain apprenticeships are typically seen as what people do who 've left school with , effectively , no qualifications . 
  they do n't really have any skills because they 've been spending all their time being bored in school learning nothing . 
  this means that they 're pretty unattractive to employers , so the government has to allow lower pay rates * for apprenticeships . 
  as a result lots of young people ( often ~ 20 ) are forced to stay at home while they learn a trade through an apprenticeship . 
  obviously this is quite a bad image , i 'm just highlighting the negatives which i 've seen from people i know doing them . 
  i guess what the german system depends on is how effective the tests are at seeing what people want to do . 
  if there are not many people who discover that they want to transfer it 's great , but if they get it wrong with a lot of people it would be a real mess , i feel . 
  however , i 'm somewhat hesitant to endorse the german system too much because i definitely feel like i would have been placed in a lower school if i had grown up in germany . 
  i was a bit of a disinterested chavy little shit up until the age of about 16 when i realised i 'm really good at maths . 
  i do n't want to blow my own trumpet , but as a result i went to a really good university to study physics . 
  i just wonder if that would have happened with the german system , or if i would now be doing something simpler following an apprenticeship . 
  how are the gradings done incidentally , is it just a test or does the teacher have input as well ? 
  * not entirely sure if this is 1\u00df\u00df % correct , but it 's certainly an aspect . 
  edit : using a german keyboard , should read 100 % towards the end . 
  i understand that germany is a major trading country within europe , my point was that outside of europe it is n't really anywhere . 
  it is certainly beneficial to know german if you plan to do direct business with germans or live in germany . 
  i live and work in germany , and my job is nearly all in german , for example . 
  but my point was that there is , for example , an italian programmer in my company who does n't speak german but he still gets employed and everyone just speaks to him in english , so german really is n't a prerequisite , even for germany sometimes !, 
  this logic also probably applies to higher level jobs in france . 
  i think where french has a one-up , like i said , is outside of europe where there are many people who do n't learn english to a good level . 
  however to be honest , i feel like it 's splitting hairs at this point . 
  basically , english is the language to learn . 
  people should just do whatever the fuck they feel like after that . . 
  yeah , i actually prefer europe in general as a place to live despite the many problems that we face , but to act like america is anything but the superpower and will remain so for some time is silly . 
  also , english has been universally adopted as the business language and the language to learn for converse with foreigners , that would n't change even with some sudden collapse of the us . 
  i 've been told a little about the schooling system and apprenticeships by my girlfriend ( who 's german ) , do you guys who grew up with it think it 's better than the system in the uk , for example ? 
  as i understand it , in germany ( and from what i can see , also other germanic countries ) , people have some tests at the age of about 12 to determine which school they go to and that there are three ` levels ' of school , with gymnasium being the most academic and hauptschule being the least . 
  for me , it seems like 12 is far too early to decide what kind of intellectual bracket you 're going to fit into for the next , at least , 10 years . 
  is it easy for people to transfer between schools if they seem to be poorly suited for the system they 're currently in ? 
  in fairness , although i instinctively think such streaming from such a young age must be bad when i first see it , i do remember at school having to share a classroom with people who clearly had no interest and would be better suited all round to a practical position and this was definitely a hinderence to learning . 
  perhaps the germanic model gets rid of this problem , i do n't really know . 
  what do you think , having presumably gone through the german schooling system . 
  how is german a more useful language ? 
  there are many german speakers , but most of them are in germany , switzerland and austria unless i 'm mistaken . 
  in all three of these countries , english is perfectly ok whether you 're travelling or ( to a certain extent ) wishing to do business . 
  i would actually say that german is almost useless unless you plan to live in a german speaking country , whereas france still has the many pockets across the world where it would still be genuinelly useful . 
  it depends greatly in wgich area youre in . 
  if you go around obersendling ( where i live ) you would think that germany js still 99 % arian , but if you walked down lindwurmstra\u00dfe you have a very different view . 
  i dunno about in the grand scheme of thimgs , but certainly having lived in british cities the muslim population here seems nothing out of tje ordinary . 
  i 'm not german , but i live there so i 'm gon na go ahead and give my two cents . 
  i live in munich , so a pretty big city . 
  there 's a refugee house/centre ( i admit to not knowing which , i just see lots of people who i assume are refugees * outside when i 'm cycling past ) down the road from me , and a house is due to be filled ** across the street from me soon too . 
  whenever i 've cycled past them i have n't seen any bombs or people shouting allahu akhbar , so that 's a plus . 
  i work near the central station , so i see a lot more people there too now . 
  the area has become dirtier now , and i definitely would n't want to leave any possessions lying around . 
  however , hauptbahnhof area has been dodgy for at least a couple of years anyway , so i would n't read into that too much . 
  i 've also spoken to a few refugees around hauptbahnhof who i presume had just arrived : the ones i spoke to seemed like good , genuine people who were just relieved to have arrived . 
  another difference is that when i cycle through the small towns in bavaria i see a lot more non-white people around now .
