  waaaagh !, 
  the graphics also look much more advanced than generals . 
  android ! = windows phone, 
  if that is the case then `` heroes of warcraft '' subtitle is pretty redundant . 
  the last period bothers me more than it should . 
  in slovenia we do n't have to . 
  but it 's not like it 's hard or anything . 
  just remember the handbrake . 
  there are times when exactly the opposite is true . 
  ubisoft is a good example for it . 
  their drm troubles went so far that they went on record to say they wo n't support always online drm anymore . 
  drm seems to be more trouble than its worth for the developer and the end user . 
  i agree . 
  but it 's not uncommon that legitimate paying users get shafted as well . 
  it was definitely one of the surprises of the year for me . 
  it 's a shame it did n't do better . 
  they market it as a military sandbox game . 
  almost every single time i watched a video about it or read an article it stated that it 's a complex game . 
  you could also look up arma , arma 2 and even operation flashpoint to get an idea about how this game would work . 
  the information is everywhere . 
  i do n't think they have controller support enabled in beta yet . 
  at least rebinding keys . 
  i have n't really checked though . 
  arma 2 worked fine with my 360 controller while flying aircraft . 
  but if you want to use it for infantry gameplay , good luck with that . 
  it 's hard to hit people with the mouse already . 
  i too very much prefer cod1 or rather the uo expansion . 
  after all the patches it was a joy to play . 
  the one feature that i 'd have liked in cod1 that was in the later games was vaulting . 
  it might be a bluescreen . 
  indeed it is . 
  it 's used in movies extensively . 
  were you trying to impersonate djwheat ? 
  vidmar is a trooper . 
  the win was worth a tooth :p, 
  zerging usually means rushing ( often times in big numbers ) named after the well known starcraft strategy of zergling rush . 
  it is . 
  the potential of the game is there , but it got very gamey . 
  instinct , the weird way disguises work and the small/segmented levels mean it 's got nothing on blood money . 
  there is a third person mode in ta and pros used it a lot at certain situations . 
  ... fart , turd and twat . 
  or does it ? 
  i was referring to [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee_msakwdos ) . 
  regarding beer my personal favourite is [ sir william 's pub ] ( http://sirwilliamspub.webs.com/lokacija ) . 
  very good selection . 
  in rts it 's usually much better to have high sensitivity . 
  especially where great and fast unit control is required . 
  how heretical !, 
  i personally would love to hear any stereotypes regarding slovenia . 
  i 've been visiting this subreddit for most of this year and i have n't really come across any . 
  except one or two from our southern friends . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't any , i 'd just like to hear them . 
  i 'd wager graphics designers are the ones that would n't like the yellow tint one way or another . 
  that 's also why gunnar has a clear option . 
  urban combat should be much more common now with the adjustable stances tighter movement controls and better grenade throwing . 
  that is very true . 
  but it would have to be a massive job to implement a system to do that i imagine . 
  depends on the breed . 
  our dog went from completely black to completely light grey to a mixture of grey and black . 
  edit : note that it does n't happen so quickly . 
  it takes months to do that . 
  well , it is the daily mail . 
  that 's what they do . 
  yes it can . 
  we played it on a lan party a few months ago . 
  the problem is the maps are designed for singleplayer and it does n't work that well with more players ( although we have n't tried the later levels ) . 
  it might be ok with two players though . 
  the video would most likely be better at 720p and larger bitrate . 
  youtube hates big resolutions . 
  it 's been a long while since i got one , but the last time i bought gold i did it at [ asbis ] ( http://www.asbis.si/contact/kontakti.cfm ) . 
  at the end of the game is where the genius of the controls shows . 
  i was like `` oh , wow ! '', 
  when it happened . 
  ^ ^ ^ then ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ cried ^ ^ ^ some ^ ^ ^ more . 
  i also wonder what 's the difference in team sizes . 
  i would reckon the arma3 team is much smaller . 
  from my experience ns2 has a much worse performance in opengl . 
  have n't done a proper benchmark of it though . 
  it 's not just them asking you about stuff . 
  it 's them telling all your family that you can mend their shit . 
  i personally am very selective with my choice of games but i picked it up because tb , sessler and a few of my friends said it 's a must play . 
  and it 's now one of my favourite games of all time . 
  you ca n't have someone tell you the story and know what it 's about . 
  you ca n't watch a video of it and know what it 's about . 
  playing it is the only way . 
  i ca n't say if you will or will not like it , but i think it 's worth playing through it either way , especially if you can pick it up in the steam holiday sale . 
  they use kind of a light green , yes . 
  but not as fluorescent as the olympic jerseys . 
  for instance [ eurobaslet 2013 ] ( http://siol.sdn.si/sn/img/13/250/635141914055393381_eurobasket2013_3232_130907_vp.jpg ) . 
  i 'd say evidence suggests that the assets are still very wip with more distinct assets per faction coming every episode of the campaign . 
  that 's the other dog . 
  i believe it 's [ this . 
  i drive in third person in arcade games like need for speed . 
  but if it 's more sim like i need to drive it in cockpit view or at least bumper view . 
  that way i can accurately see where the car is facing so i can make accurate corrections . 
  it 's much harder to do that in third person view for me . 
  nfs high stakes had it as well , and it was great . 
  it happened to me as well . 
  was with a friend and just got sniped in the head . 
  woke up a minute later , patched myself up and was good to go .
