  i just lost a lot of blood and had a ruined helmet . 
  but they do n't need to . 
  they already have the model . 
  it was shown in the early screenshots . 
  bohemia that is . 
  [ here ] ( http://blog.dslyecxi.com/post/28884709725/hey-dslyecxi-i-noticed-that-you-guys-play-with ) are his thoughts on crosshairs . 
  play however you want . 
  it 's a sandbox after all . 
  i 'll just correct you on the fov . 
  fov in third person is exactly the same as in first person . 
  the difference being that the camera is just behind and above the player . 
  if you really want higher fov then hold or doubletap numpad - ( by default ) . 
  i misunderstood you then . 
  you would think , but look at the original call of duty on steam . 
  humvees . 
  basically an import from arma 2 . 
  i think they also have working mirrors . 
  is that how computers work ? 
  i 've been living a lie this whole time !, 
  because clearly being overweight is as bad as wishing cancer upon someone . 
  he seems to vent his frustrations on the internet . 
  from experience it sure feels better when you feel like someone hears that . 
  you should take into account that he is venting . 
  tb is obviously his friend and when some people are allegedly happy about him having cancer it is very understandable that he is angry about it . 
  with anger one of the first things going out the window is rational thought . 
  nobody is perfect , but when someone is happy that another person has cancer they are either `` cool kids '' or assholes of the highest order . 
  either way it 's not nice to read . 
  for most people it 's not that easy . 
  sure , one or two comments , who cares . 
  but he mentioned it in the video , the amount of those comments was surprising . 
  people who are effectively invisible are yelling at you and at some point enough is enough . 
  not to mention he 's probably shocked about the news as well . 
  in slovenia too , but there are often signs as well indicating who has priority , especially on main roads . 
  you have to have potato live gold to use ie , at least on the 360 . 
  i believe it was this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaqxohbb20q, 
  what about competitive poker ? 
  honestly i do n't like the term `` e-sports '' that much either . 
  i more feel like it was just a way to easily describe playing videogames competitively , and it sstuck . 
  yeah , i have n't watched much since the start of hots either . 
  but this video got me glued to the screen . 
  i seem to remember there were some major strides in sound cards back in the day until soundblaster decided to buy out their competitors . 
  basically , ax.heart ( one of tb 's players ) barely defended the attack early on and was in seemingly terrible shape . 
  he brought the game back and won in an impressive display of unit control . 
  here is the game if you are interested http://www.twitch.tv/wcs_america/b/541517194?t=235m50s, 
  ah , the original cod . 
  along with the uo expansion it was the most fun i 've had playing online . 
  he 's probably referring to the `` conflict brewing in the pacific '' bit . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  no problems , hope you enjoy it . 
   that bis already pays him for, 
  they pay him for official videos , and those are clearly marked . 
  most of his videos are not paid for by bis . 
  yeah , it says `` deaths ( us ) '' as in united states . 
  not to mention it runs like shit . 
  i tried the demo on the ps4 . 
  even the main menu is choppy as hell . 
  the game runs very poorly and it 's not even that graphically impressive . 
  probably [ this one ] ( http://www.msi.com/product/nb/gt780dxgt780dxr.html#hero-overview ) . 
  like the humvees in c&c generals . 
  it 's only a 1000 meters up . 
  unless you try to climb too fast it should be able to achieve it with ease . 
  granted i have n't really tried it in arma yet , but 1000m is pretty low . 
  from what i saw in dcs standard operating altitude of an su-25 is at about 3-4km of altitude . 
  and that 's a plane that really does n't feel like it wants to fly . 
  you do n't really get to fly planes in the campaign . 
  you can easily do it in the editor though . 
  i probably spent 3/4 of my game time in the editor . 
  when i set up a server to play with my friends it works flawlessly . 
  the game is much better played in groups on private servers . 
  most public servers are shite though . 
  they usually do n't have the hardware for it and are usually full of badly made scripts which slow the server down considerably . 
  oh look , a condescending person . 
  i though i explained how and why fittingly . 
  no need to be a dick about it . 
  with proper servers and decent scripting you can run 80-100 player servers pretty well - case and point , arma groups like shacktac , united operations , etc. 
  hairworks is n't really new . 
  they were showing demos back in 2008 . 
  and apparently it is also used on dog and wolf fur in cod ghosts . 
  an optional client is in the works . 
  it 's coming soon \u2122, 
  i prefer united offensive over any of those . 
  i miss those days :(, 
  lots of thermal power plants have those kinds of towers i believe . 
  i was happy with my s3 at first . 
  but with every update it had more bloatware on it and had worse performance . 
  i switched to cyanogenmod half a year ago and i am much happier with my phone . 
  seems like their software just keeps getting worse and worse . 
  the bloatware from the carrier was n't a problem . 
  i could uninstall that easily . 
  but samsung has a shitload of useless apps you ca n't uninstall . 
  on the i9300 there are some bugs here or there . 
  like bluetooth sometimes messing up ( but that 's rare ) and the camera bugging out . 
  i had to install an app that restarts the camera so i can use it without restarting the phone . 
  but i rarely use the camera anyway so i do n't really mind it . 
  they have a wiki where they list known issues for different phones . 
  it 's almost like we 're slovenian . 
  at our house and even at school where i was attending the primary gift giver was always st. nicholas . 
  to niti ni pretiran primer . 
  in to jim tudi uspeva !, 
  did it actually look blurry or just low res ?
