not just featured . 
  that is his and artosis ' show . 
  agreed, 
  indeed !, 
  in contrast to gsl , gstl finals actually did n't dissapoint !, 
  i would think this thread is created to clarify the misinformation that was told on sotg . 
  in the interview with g4tv incontrol said blizzard is backing this . 
  edit : here 's the quote from the interview, 
  '' we 're already sold on three seasons . 
  the money has been budgeted and secured . 
  there 's no like , `` well gosh , if season one does really well then season two will be fine . '' it 's completely secure for three seasons . 
  it 's all insured and backed by blizzard , that kind of stuff . 
  and the idea again is that we laid down the infrastructure , it grows , gets easier as we go , and then if it 's a profitable venture we can continue on for four , five , six seasons and beyond . 
  read more : http://www.g4tv.com/thefeed/blog/post/710588/north-american-star-league-exclusive-interview-with-geoff-incontrol-robinson.html#ixzz1eggxvlv9 '', 
  first of all : you do n't have to pay to watch . 
  there is a free stream . 
  second of all : you need to show people that e-sports is not just a joke and people are willing to watch it before some big sponsors come along . 
  third of all : there actually are a lot of big sponsors ( like siemens and intel ) that actually do support e-sports but that 's mostly the prize money . 
  the money gathered through season tickets is what directly goes into upgrading the stream so more people could watch it without interruption and better quality , thus insuring the bigger growth of e-sports . 
  you ca n't just throw in soccer , which has actually been an established sport for over a century . 
  why drive a car ? 
  unless you can give something new to that , why bother ? 
  why play the computer ? 
  why do anything ? 
  i say if you want to do it , do it . 
  period . 
  i do n't see any reason why not . 
  i fail to see how you could possibly know if you will appeal to a lot of people without trying . 
  it 's not like day [ 9 ] , husky , djwheat or any other caster decided `` people will like me '' and started casting . 
  casting games is n't `` talking over a game you play '' . 
  i find people cast sc2 because they genuinely love the game and would like to try their hand at casting . 
  from what i see in cod , there were actually vlogs with gameplay in the background . 
  that is not casting . 
  there is also a difference between `` need '' and `` want to '' . 
  and you do n't know it 's going to be bad . 
  if people do n't try we may not get good casters . 
  you ca n't just say you will cast it in a new way if you do n't know you can pull it off . 
  casting style develops with experience . 
  casting i would think is not talking random non-game related bullshit . 
  casting ( to me ) is play-by-play and analysis . 
  talking random shit is talking random shit . 
  the thing is , cod community is n't really the same as sc community . 
  from what i have seen , except for a troll here or there , the sc community is much more mature than any mainstream fps community . 
  the thing is , it 's always nice to see fresh talent . 
  and if no one wants to someone who says `` uhm '' every two words , i would think they would want to improve their casting , which could only benefit the community . 
  this may sound a bit optimistic , but i think people recognize quality . 
  from what i have seen from the front page is either people wanting to learn sc , big events or some big stuff that 's good for sc , or something funny . 
  i 'm not quite sure about the comments but i have found nothing wrong with it yet . 
  the topics that are bad usually disappear pretty fast . 
  concerning the 100 people as good as husky , it 's your problem who you would want to watch . 
  it 's not like you 're forced to watch them . 
  nobody can be exactly the same as another caster . 
  everyone has unique properties . 
  more options is often times good . 
  then you must not know who combatex is . 
  the bm is not because he 's bad . 
  almost nobody likes combatex and there 's a reason for that . 
  just do some research . 
  also check out the game chill vs combatex with day [ 9 ] casting . 
  he pretty much explains it all . 
  note that the colors will be fixed a bit into the video . 
  blizzard is hardly owned by ea since blizzard and activision came together to make activision-blizzard . 
  semantics aside , if activision affects blizzard 's choices ( which i think is n't that far from the truth ) , then that 's just silly . 
  if you follow gsl in any shape or form , that was not out of context . 
  it 's just a quote from a conversation that tasteless and artosis had . 
  needless to say , it was hilarious . 
  to be fair , whitera also has vods . 
  but of course , special tactics ftw . 
  agreed . 
  warp prisms are extremely underused . 
  ah misinterpreted the topic lol . 
  i shall delete the original post to make the topic more happy , 
  the stream is quite enjoyable . 
  whitera also just talked through the games at first , but the last few days he was just talking after the game . 
  to be honest , he is playing better when he 's not talking . 
  day [ 9 ] whatever money he makes is from donations and commercials from blip.tv, 
  sheth is an fxo pro player . 
  i would guess sheth makes more money than day [ 9 ] . 
  that 's just from what info i could gather . 
  i ca n't not do that . 
  i guess you have to get into a position of a casual watcher who might in fact not have a lot of insight into the game . 
  when the commentator says it 's over i can see a lot of those extremely casual viewers turning off . 
  that 's to say even in sports if one team is way ahead than the other broadcasters usually acknowledge that it is in fact over . 
  in short , it most definitely depends on the situation . 
  then i do n't think you fit into the description of a casual watcher . 
  it 's not casual gamers he 's talking about it 's casual watchers . 
  they watch for the entertainment , they do n't watch to know in how many possible ways one battle could go . 
  and like tb said , for satisfying those not so casual watchers , who actually wa n't to watch analysis and such , there are colour commentators . 
  correct . 
  i might have been to vague in my previous post . 
  not everyone thinks like you . 
  most fans just watch the game and do n't care about anything strategically . 
  in basketball they just want to watch sick moves of , let 's say , kobe bryant and listen to excited commentators so that they are excited , which in turn provides their entertainment . 
  you apparently are open to learn about the game and get your entertainment out of that . 
  you should have an emergency hotline for wacksteven :p, 
  age : 22, 
  1 : starcraft 2, 
  2 : team fortress 2, 
  3 : call of duty : united offensive, 
  honourable mentons :,
