  the most delicious sector you can put it in . 
  well i did see them at my school in the vending machines ( also slovenia ) . 
  but only on the pepsi cans and only for a week . 
  ~ ~ i tried to watch it before sleeping on the ipad . ~ ~, 
  i tried to watch it on the ipad before sleeping . 
  the stream just stopped after a few seconds and i had to completely close the app and reopen it to select a different stream :(, 
  i reckon you are right : , 
  you seem to have high standards . 
  stupid people are everywhere these days . 
  the zed . 
  baneling capes . 
  there seem to be more slovenians here than i anticipated . 
  colour me pleasantly surprised . 
  poor richard :(, 
  i think that 's just lag compensation . 
  for better visualisation of field of view you can look at this [ diagram ] ( http://imgur.com/uzlyg ) . 
  ideally one would try to match the screen fov with your eye fov depending on screen size and how far your eyes are from the screen . 
  but it 's pretty much basic geometry . 
  i just copied the first thing i found for quickness ' sake . 
  turns out wikipedia is n't the most accurate source . 
  also , now it irritates me as well . 
  looking at nature , animals usually do n't have enough to eat . 
  so from an evolutionary standpoint an animal would n't really know it is eating too much . 
  it eats when it thinks it can eat and has food available . 
  ofcourse it is also important for an organizm to keep its energy for hunting/running away . 
  coupled with the fact that the dog probably does n't get enough excercise , it causes this . 
  it 's also not like animals are thinking rationally about it . 
  and even if they would ... would it help ? 
  it is the owner 's resposibility to try and keep his/her pet healthy . 
  under controls there seems to be `` tertiary fire '' . 
  i thought they would use that to toggle between the gun and the grenade launcher . 
  you could use a third party voice chat program . 
  like teamspeak or mumble . 
  plenty of public servers . 
  and you can set the microphone activation however you want . 
  i personally use voice activation in teamspeak and/or mumble and it works great . 
  but i never even thought about using voice activation in game . 
  just seems too easy to unintentionally annoy people . 
  i think it 's better for the game that way . 
  there are always alternatives . 
  do n't forget about the slovenian guy losing his shit every 2 minutes or so . 
  driver needs slight opposite lock when exiting a turn - i better scream my lungs out . 
  the guy is annoying and horrible . 
  there used to be one co-commentator but i guess he gave up since he always got talked over . 
  disgraceful . 
  except the game has been very well thought out , is very polished and receives ongoing support from the developers . 
  competitive play is very good but still needs to be a bit more balanced ( which is really hard to get right ) , but in the lower levels of competition is n't really that noticable . 
  oh , and the community made custom maps which make the game more than just one game . 
  i wo n't say it 's a 10/10 , but objectively speaking i 'd say it 's at least a 7 if not an 8 . 
  and that 's why scoring a game is useless . 
  you can actually get a john st. john ( duke nukem ) sound pack for teamspeak 3 . 
  it sounds awesome . 
  [ this one does n't appear to have fisheye and it supposedly is at eye level . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/97rrme9eqha ), 
  sorry , it says `` the specified profile could not be found . '', 
  please doublecheck your profile url . 
  and occasionally a race breaks out . 
  did n't he do the same routine in english earlier in the gig ? 
   just think if dogs could talk !, 
  it would be annoying as fuck like that dog from up but still awesome that your legit best friend could talk to you . 
  reminds me of that dexter 's laboratory episode . 
  also , if the dogs i 've owned show a trend - dogs fucking love snow . 
  iirc shaggy always used `` zoinks '' . 
  i 'm not an expert in this but i reckon the explosive in those grenades is only powerful enough to launch shrapnel and is n't really meant to do anything else . 
  the shrapnel is most likely designed to penetrate and the mass of shrapnel is so little it would n't really move you a whole lot . 
  that 's my theory . 
  though i wish it was better i would n't say it 's terrible . 
  i find the sound assets miles better than arma 2 . 
  weapons sound like they have actual power behind them . 
  walking sounds are great though it seems some sounds for different materials are still missing . 
  helicopters could use a bit more `` punch '' if you know what i mean , but otherwise they sound great . 
  sounds that bother me are explosions and miniguns . 
  explosions sound similar to arma 2 so they might as well be placeholders . 
  miniguns just sound weak . 
  and i 'd like to hear some good echo . 
  although i wish something like [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/mqt1jtdbnk4 ) would be picked up by game developers already . 
  sound technology generally seems to be lacking in games . 
  edit : seems like i should have researched the engine problems more . 
  yeah , they should definitely fix those things . 
  i also did n't quite understand it before posting my comment due to my mistake of not checking op 's link . 
  to quote the description on the page :, 
   sound positioning is terrible , there only seems to be few different volumes of gunshots - less than 50m , 50-250 , 250 + ( anything within that range sounds exactly as loud ) , you can only hear footsteps at less than 10m , when you lean your footsteps sound 3m away etc. 
  so basically i thought it was a sound assets problem , but it 's actually a sound engine problem . 
  i do agree with that . 
  it feels like that the sound engine really was n't the big focus point of the game or they have n't pushed out the proper one to the public yet . 
  hopefully it will be improved in the coming months . 
  i do n't know the specifics of either jsrs or the arma engine but i do n't see any other way to enhance awareness but through scripts/proper code . 
  different sound assets might come in handy under different conditions ( for instance a grenade explosion or weapons fire behind a wall ) , but most of this could be simulated via the engine should it be written to support that . 
  i 'd probably go as far as to say that they are already working on it because the issues described in the link seem to be either a placeholder of some sort or maybe even an attempt at optimization . 
  it 's still good to point out these issues though , just in case . 
  the thing about sound is there was actually very good and promising sound technology back in the 90 's with a sound card that actually simulated sound very well with reverb and everything . 
  i ca n't remember the name of it but i 'll try to find it . 
  most games used that technology back then . 
  why there seems to be no such thing today is iirc soundblaster bought it and pretty much scrapped it for its own inferior system . 
  okay , after a bit of a search i found [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a3d ) . 
  you can find some demos on youtube showcasing the technology . 
  apparently i was wrong about the reverb thing . 
  though i recall seeing something about bouncing sound off of 3d geometry back in those days so i 'm going to look a bit farther . 
  edit : [ this ] ( http://toni.org/a3d/ ) was the post i remember . 
  i used to want a 7.1 headset .
