  but after trying my friend 's pair i am really not convinced . 
  i get much better quality out of my cheaper sennheisers and positional audio works just as well . 
  i too am very sad at how the industry neglected sound . 
  bfbc2 still has the best modern sound technology i have experienced in a game , but that 's only one game among many . 
  oh yes , i completely agree . 
  i was just thinking about modern games that are `` out of the box '' . 
  is n't that with most things in life though ? 
  maybe it 's just a posh anglosphere . 
  nope . 
  not the android one at least . 
  android still has the old twitchtv design . 
  on my galaxy siii it works but not consistently . 
  there were many times where some resolutions just did n't work . 
  the design is old and it does n't reflect that twitch is now only ` twitch ' and not ` twitchtv ' . 
  you can not login into your own account which also means no chat feature and you ca n't easily find the channels you are following . 
  while i do n't really care about the chat functionality ( people on twitch chat are more often than not shite ) , i would quite like to have a category where i can see the channels i am following . 
  you also can not watch twitch vods over the app . 
  imagine having trackir . 
  that crash in a3 would n't have happened :p, 
  in that case - 10/10 would be surprised by the suddenly appearing pole again . 
  i actually always read it panau first ... damn videogames . 
  from the article op posted :, 
   there is an annual rate of land erosion of nearly two metres ... 
  is n't the current arma3 flight model a placeholder ? 
  i think they said something of implementing a flight model closer to take on helicopters . 
  but that was a long while ago . 
  it 's not just the kill although it was a nice touch . 
  it was mostly the timing of the repair being done just before the bombs hit and it put me right outside the blast radius . 
  yeah , i was thinking about that after uploading it . 
  will try to just highlight the important bits in the future . 
  it should be noted that the [ and ] keys on different keyboard layouts correspond to the ones that are to the right of the p key . 
  ( in my case \u0160 and \u0110 ), 
  this is the happiest slovenia i 've ever seen in polandball . 
  haha , might as well be the first , 
  although i have seen a very pissed slovenia a few times . 
  church bells usually ring every hour ( because apparently people do n't have clocks/watches nowadays ) and from what i heard from a friend it can ring for around 5 minutes give or take . 
  luckily i am far away from churches with bells so i can only hear bells literally depending on the wind . 
  but it 's only a matter of time until the church i live nearby gets them ... 
  `` any landing you can walk away from is a good one . '', 
  they most likely used cg because it 's an imax documentary . 
  those cameras are huge and the existing footage probably is n't good enough quality compared to imax footage . 
  the double prime ( \u2033 ) is actually the correct way to represent seconds . 
  yeah i did a double take on that one . 
  in the editor it does say `` comanche '' though . 
  if you look at someone and he 's close enough it displays his name . 
  i assume with this option it would n't . 
  from what i read tesla cars have maximum power at 0 rpm . 
  i assume it 's the same here . 
  it 'd be even more interesting if there are 3 or 4 different wind directions the bullet has to travel through . 
  in what way is it less realistic ? 
  i really do n't see how less sim-like the game is now compared to a2 . 
  the running seemed strange to me as well at first but i 've grown to like them now . 
  also the running has nothing to do with stances but rather with animations . 
  sure , with heavy gear movement would feel clunky , but i still do n't see how this relates to stances . 
  i think you have to look at the control scheme here . 
  using mouse and keyboard is in no way simmilar to handling a proper rifle and making the controls sluggish as they were in a2 just feels like taking control away from the player and it is at times frustrating . 
  taking everything into account in the game you still have much less control than you would in real life as well as no physical feedback whatsoever . 
  i think regarding gameplay you have to balance it fairly well between what feels good and what is `` realistic '' . 
  the way arma 2 controls or the way arma 3 controls ? 
  because arma 3 has a completely different feeling . 
  it 's way smoother and way more responsive . 
  you can check out arma 3 alpha lite to get a taste of it . 
  i have 3 invites to the alpha lite if you or anyone else is interested . 
  but that does n't matter . 
  it 's not how applicable it is to humans . 
  it 's about setting an absolute temperature scale . 
  it seems to me that basing it on whether it is bad for humans has a wide margin of error which is n't really ideal . 
  kelvin is basically offset celsius . 
  but measuring systems do n't need to be based off of human physiology . 
  for instance , a meter is n't based to be practical for humans but is defined by a specific constant , compared to a yard which was basically the length of a string going from the tip of some person 's nose to the end of his outstretched arm . 
  guess which one i feel is a better base for a measuring system ? 
  fahrenheit itself is actually based on freezing ( 32 \u00b0 f ) and boiling point ( 212 \u00b0 f ) of water . 
  but i just do n't see what the purpose is . 
  if i take a quote from calmdownpaco `` 100 + is either hot or death '' - sorry , but that 's not really specific . 
  that , in my opinion , is just trying to put round numbers to arbitrary temperatures . 
  if we are going into specifics then you are only partially right here . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   fahrenheit proposed his temperature scale in 1724 , basing it on three reference points of temperature . 
  in his initial scale ( which is not the final fahrenheit scale ) , the zero point is determined by placing the thermometer in brine : he used a mixture of ice , water , and ammonium chloride , a salt , at a 1:1:1 ratio . 
  this is a frigorific mixture which stabilizes its temperature automatically : that stable temperature was defined as 0 \u00b0 f ( \u2212 17.78 \u00b0 c ) . 
  the second point , at 32 degrees , was a mixture of ice and water without the ammonium chloride at a 1:1 ratio . 
  the third point , 96 degrees , was approximately the human body temperature , then called `` blood-heat '' . 
  only 0 \u00b0 f was using salt water out of the three points . 
  calling me boundlessly ignorant and downvoting me ? 
  i like how very rationally you respond to critique of ( in fact not actually your ) temperature measurement system . 
  if i were you i 'd untwist those knickers you are wearing before replying next time . 
  pretty simmilarly , if not a bit better from my experience . 
  and he did n't really say `` american lyrics always confuse me . '', 
  sauce : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1r-okuazkyg, 
  well that 's where we got it from . 
  being under austria for so long changes the vocabulary . 
  is it though ? 
  i have n't heard anyone south of slovenia say `` drek '' . 
  that 's pretty standard it seems . 
  it 's odd because it happens to the same degree in slovenia as other countries but on a much smaller scale so the differences are even more visible . 
  it 's like we have 50 languages all of them identifying as slovene . 
  crowdsurf !, 
  there is no need . 
  a lot of time has passed since then . 
  oh shit , i 'm back in the 90 's .
