it 's strange , like i said , my mother is part of an integration program , a volunteer . 
  the stories she tells me are - well i would n't say atrocious or disgusting , but they 're not pretty . 
  they do n't want to integrate , it 's such a strong social / cultural thing . 
  if they do try , they 're seen almost like outsiders . 
  it 's like bullying but way worse . 
  i honestly do n't think it will ever work without heavy handed intervention . 
  but how and what type of heavy handed intervention ? 
  i could n't say . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm hugely open minded and tolerant , yet i still have a predisposition of not wanting to talk to gypsies . 
  i know gypsies , a lot of them , and i honestly think they 're hopeless . 
  i have no idea how anyone could do anything to help them , and the british know this first hand . 
  i remember many years ago , they were condemning us for our treatment of gypsies , and they allowed a mass migration to happen , they encouraged it . 
  now ? 
  hah , they hate 'em more than us . 
  that should be quite telling of the whole situation . 
  yup , you 're right . 
  i do n't think like that , i 'm a programmer , i 've embraced the idea of learning all my life , and it 's a good fit since i love that idea . 
  i do kinda also live in a bubble where all my friends are programmers / medics / lawyers / architects ( though admitidly young and just beginning their careers ) . 
  but that is not the case globally , most people are like that and i have no idea how that could change without education system reforms . 
  i 'm only 24 , i 've relatively recently finished high-school . 
  and i 'm bitter , really bitter - about our education system to be more specific . 
  history is taught poorly , the curriculum is stupid , we glorify romania without learning much of our climate , and tbh this is totally my fault but words like bolsheviks were used without context and so on and so forth . 
  i am woefully ignorant of much of history , i do n't understand the evolution of most european countries and i could go on with this for quite ~ ~ some ~ ~ a while . 
  if someone were to blame me personally for not learning this stuff on my own , i would call them out on their bs . 
  i was a kid , you ca n't expect a kid to know what is and what is n't important ; what you should know * even if * it does n't seem important !, 
  so yes , bad education , worse historical education . 
  but prejudice is prejudice . 
  it 's bad and should be eliminated . 
  as the saying goes , i hate only two types of people : people who are intolerant of other people 's culture , and gypsies . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ kid , ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ kid ^ ^ ^ ... ^ ^ ^ sorta, 
  yup , all my wealthier friends vacation in turkey once a year . 
  have heard amazing stories . 
  actually if they are to be believed , there 's no better place to go on a budget . 
  edit : it 's strange . 
  i do n't consider myself poor , yet i still do n't have money to vacation ^ ^ ^ anywhere . 
  we do have 3 cars and i have a 1500 $ pc ... 
  i have my own place at 24 . 
  my contact with `` moldoveni '' ( no idea how - people of moldova - would translate to english in one word ) was zero before college . 
  they 're awesome , i have nothing against them , but the russification is very strong . 
  dense accent , cyrillic keyboards , loads of russian propaganda . 
  i repeat , my moldavian ( this is what google came up with , do n't blame me if it 's wrong ) friends are awesome , but there is quite a profound cultural disparity . 
  i got this when i went to england too . 
  people could n't believe i was romanian because i was too white ... 
  sorry , poor romanian , [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/bfcg16w ) is all i ~ ~ got ~ ~ can give you . 
  my mother teaches gipsy kids in a governmental effort to integrate them in society . 
  not even 10 % pass the 10th grade . 
  most have children at the age of 14 . 
  it 's not racism , it 's social incompatibility . 
  edit : and rampant poverty . 
  they also seem to be insulted by intellectualism , the word has a negative connotation to them in general , cultural / social thing, 
  it 's quite common . 
  in romanian we also call them `` nem\u021bi '', 
   we know underage sex happens , don \u00b4 t be a fool . 
  that is totally missing the point , maybe read again ? 
  it 's sad to admit , but i live in an ok area of my country , went to an ok school ( and by ok i mean upstanding , everything was ok , nothing to complain at all ) , and while it did n't happen as far as i know , if it did , i would n't be surprised or shocked ( gang rape ) , i 'd just ask who the girl was , was she hot ( yes , i 'm an idiot ) . 
  heck , one thing that did happen , a 15 year old made a porn video in the school bathroom , i would n't say the whole school got to watch it , but most did . 
  it was taboo to talk about it , but most of us saw it . 
  to add to this , sex at 15 ish is nothing new , it happens more than anyone over 30-40 could even imagine . 
  does rape also happen ? 
  yes . 
  gang rape ? 
  here i 'll admit i 've never personally heard of a case , but i do n't care enough to investigate . 
  shit like this happens . 
  this is a month too late , but i just re-found them , just search `` the world at war '' , not hard to find . 
  it 's amazing . 
  this is a month too late , but i just re-found them , just search `` the world at war '' , not hard to find . 
  it 's amazing . 
  just about anyone can say that in one way or another . 
  we 've went trough some serious shit, 
  oh it 's definitely not just the guns , but they 're part of it . 
  a gun offers much confidence and safety , you do n't need to get close , you are powerful , you do n't really need physical power or anything like that , just decent enough aim . 
  guns are beyond a doubt a factor , but yeah i 'm sure you 're right . 
  i have managed to lose it , but i 'll try and find it in the morning, 
  i have managed to lose it , but i 'll try and find it in the morning, 
  yes , you are in fact correct on this . 
  but if we 're still on the freedom of speech and opinion , i 'm not changing mine just because i do n't have a good example . 
  freedom ai n't free . 
  this is the most sensible thing i 've read on the `` do n't agree with the sentencing '' side of comments . 
  maybe it 's extreme , i would have to live there to be able to give a real answer , or meaningful opinion . 
  that being said it 's not like people are being jailed left and right , from all i can gather , she 's a bit of a special case . 
  either way the last thing i 'll say is this : freedom of speech ( true freedom ) does not exist . 
  jailing someone for something like this is a bit much , but understandable since it 's not just `` here 's my opinion '' and if you think it is , then you are naive . 
  the american view on free speech is naive at best . 
  there is no such thing , not even in america . 
  if this were some random old lady , yes this would be exaggerated , but she 's not . 
  i 'm not smart enough to debate free speech , i freely admit this . 
  what i can and will say is that it 's never as simple as : i have the right to do whatever i want as long as it 's just talking . 
  snowden basically just talked ... about stuff he was n't supposed to . 
  it 's never cut and dry , it 's never simple . 
  i still say that some things can be , and maybe should be , banned . 
  i still wish snowden as much happiness as he can get , he did the right thing , but he still became a `` traitor '' ( or was he only publicly labeled as one ? ) . 
  dems the apples . 
  yup , pretty much what happened with us and communism , just for us it was on a smaller scale , also we could n't win a war against fire ants , so we just destroyed ourselves instead . 
  and i 'm guessing beyond a point , it became impossible to oppose the nazi , they were just too many of them , too fanatical and you 'd just get yourself killed . 
  yeah , that sounds eerily familiar with romania 's past and communism , just that we were more forced to follow ceausescu instead of `` chose to '' . 
  and yet you do : you ca n't have sex with a minor , i find that to be quite normal , but it 's a sacrifice for society . 
  you ca n't marry two people , this makes no real sense , but it 's a sacrifice for society . 
  you ca n't drive without a driving license , even if you are a great driver and know the laws inside and out . 
  you ca n't urinate in public , you ca n't go out naked , you ca n't own too much of a certain explosive substance even if you have legitimate use for it .
