denial = da nile = the nile . 
  the nile is a river in egypt . 
  i want what he 's smoking . 
  it certainly contains the city of london skyline , but there is more in the picture . 
  the city of london is only 1 square mile . 
  also , common usage means london encompasses the city too . 
  i would have imagined that taking pictures of a ballot is illegal . 
  i have had it all over the world ( also i 'm pretty sure the french one is the original ) and the best one i 've ever had was actually in edinburgh !, 
  it was flavoured with lavender and just gorgeous . 
  love these things , was in budapest for a month last summer , ate so many !, 
  yep , known generally so creme brulee ( cant be bothered with accents ) around the world , pretty well known . 
  also one of my favourites !, 
  they definitely should have given them a world map , then asked them to place european countries ... would have been far more hilarious !, 
  britain is not a country . 
  i 'm in the uk and having the same issue . 
  yup , i actually live in australia for a time too , i went to the public school there . 
  the important part about the international schools is threefold . 
  one is that you do n't have to learn the local language , because as an expat family chances are you are n't going to b living there forever , or even very long . 
  secondly you learn the national curriculum of your home country , so if you decide to move back it is an easy transition . 
  and thirdly not only do they teach the national curriculum of your home country , but they also have you sit the public exams of your home country , that way your qualifications do n't hinder you when you return . 
  most countries have british schools , and other nationality schools as well . 
  i was educated in a british school in hong kong , and where i live in surrey there is an american school . 
  she was a fucking important person in the history of our country , her passing should be marked appropriately , whether you liked her policies or not . 
  you do not protest funerals , i do n't give a shit who it is . 
  when i heard people booing the funeral procession i was sickened . 
  my comment was n't in relation to the press . 
  my comment was about you labelling people as murderers and saying people should show anger towards them before they have been convicted of anything in a court of law . 
  i dont think you understand the point of a trial . 
  cool thanks for this . 
  one more question , how did you go about finding an ngo to work for and how hard was it to get them to accept you ? 
  what country did go from ? 
  and could you speak german before you started ? 
  i had never heard of evs till this post . 
  this sounds like a fantastic scheme . 
  ah , sorry , did n't realise . 
  european = / white, 
  yeah , my favourite weekend lunches are just a board covered in meats , cheeses , pickles , pate , crackers and fruit . 
  do n't know why we do n't do it more . 
  yup , most shops sell it . 
  no thank you . 
  most of his net worth is in stocks , not currency . 
  him having stocks does n't mean there is less money floating around . 
  again , where is the evidence that he is manipulating economies ? 
  from the article it says the shares for his company , which runs zara , increased due to good performance . 
  he did earn it . 
  he founded the company . 
  what is your problem ? 
  i 'm sorry , but is there something inherently wrong with making money ? 
  if he has done something shady to earn it then sure , make these comments all you want . 
  otherwise i do n't see the issue . 
  what a bitch , what is so hard about taking off your shoes ? 
  i also fail to see why diplomatic immunity should allow you to bypass any airport security or allow you to go past security without a ticket when others can not . 
  totally pathetic from a grown woman . 
  how does everyone else know that you did n't make an arrangement to give him this gift before hand ? 
  they dont , so it is easier to just not allow gifts at all . 
  could be seen in a national health system as a bribe for special treatment . 
  i do n't know what hole you 've been living in , but farmers markets are alive and well in the uk and are making quite the comeback , they are more popular than ever . 
  yeah we 're not really looking at it in that respect though . 
  being recognised as a state is a purely political statement , actually being a state is down to fulfilling factual criteria . 
  do n't know a huge amount about isis , but from a quick google they seem to have an organised leadership , however whether they have complete control over their stated territory is debatable so i 'm not sure , but i think it is certainly getting close to being a state , if it is not already there . 
  good argument . 
  why is it not a state ? 
  is it a single entity under an organised leadership ? 
  if yes , then it is a state . 
  yes they can . 
  what is your point ? 
  i 'm saying a taser does not have the same classification as pepper spray . 
  taser is less lethal , pepper spray is non lethal . 
  tasers are n't classified as non lethal . 
  they are called less lethal , because they can still cause deaths . 
  as far as i 'm aware we have offered police assistance at calais but they do n't want our police working in their country . 
  was scanning for the uk , surprised i could n't see it . 
  took me a minute to realise it was vk . 
  thanks , that was really helpful , i 'd never heard of this . 
  however according to this http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-long-will-global-uranium-deposits-last/ it is simply because there are certain technologies that are not yet economically feasible , as uranium becomes more scarce they will be more economical and we will be able to boost supplies and reduce consumption per reactor by a large amount . 
  do you have a source on the inability to provide enough uranium to use nuclear power as our main power source ? 
  not as far as i 'm aware , but i 'm not certain . 
  if your in the uk then join three , they have something called feel at home which let 's you use your allowance for no charge in loads of other countries , and they keep adding more all the time . 
  the political climate 10 years ago was very different to today . 
  i do n't have any published sources , just the people i have talked to . 
  i lived in hk for 8 years and was there during the handover . 
  most people i know would like either real political autonomy from china whilst retaining chinese border defense , or to return to british rule . 
  most understand that having to support their own defense , especially being so close to china would not be economically sound . 
  what makes you think most of the people living their do n't want independence ? 
  technically sure , but it has its own border control , currency and government . 
  it is essentially a country . 
  it says united kingdom i know , but some people have that because they live in the uk , not because they are from there . 
  just asking because hoon is such an aussie/kiwi word . 
  are you an aussie/kiwi by any chance ? 
  uh in the uk at least i 've always heard tasers referred to as ` less lethal ' weapons , not ` non lethal ' weapons . 
  not sure if that differs elsewhere in the world . 
  from what i read he does n't actually say he has broken his vow of celibacy . 
  he says he 's in a relationship , but that does n't necessarily mean they 're having sex . 
  just how it looks , easy . 
  the shop in picture three the window is at pavement level . 
  what happens when it rains ? 
  the weirdest thing about this is that if you take all the votes together as one then about 73 % voted in favour of women bishops . 
  the vote only failed in one house , the house of leity . 
  it seems the actual church establishment is for women bishops . 
  i can see why you would want that .
