  brimstone i cam attest is still alive . 
  my little sister had her as a lit teacher . 
  recently got promoted . 
  still takes no shit . 
  welcome to my freshman year in a nutshell . 
  i assume it causes brain damage . 
  it cant be healthy . 
  windows above x height are mandated suicide blockers . 
  i can attest after working construction . 
  however , a second floor window generally is n't allowed this luxury . 
  some third floor dont even get that depending on the inspector . 
  see i was about to comment you defintiely mean two dollar bill . 
  hahah , i gave my girlfriend one as a gift . 
  they are kinda neato . 
  but yes , three dollar bills definitely do not exist . 
  i got bodyweight in ohp once i turned 21 . 
  it was a great day . 
  trust me , my shoulders hate me . 
  i had a us ii teacher a long time ago who used to actually go into a blind rage that he would excuse class . 
  he was a vietnam vet who had seen some terrible things . 
  he described his job in vietnam as `` clean up crew '' he even brought in his old flamethrower to vet 's honor day . 
  one time a student asked a question what were the effect on japan after the nukes were dropped . 
  he went into a trance and impaled the fucking globe on his desk with a yard stick . 
  he stared at the kid who asked the question and said `` that 's what happened to the fucking japs . 
  any fucking questions ? 
  none , just remember they all got fucked '' . 
  they put him on suspension for his `` outburst '' . 
  still teaches there , still impales shit regularly , just in a less vulgar way . 
  for me , it 's y' all . 
  it ca n't be mispronounced but god damn when it is said i want to drive a shovel into my forehead . 
  oh god damnit i missed shift . 
  ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/highqualitygifs-jpcxkmrblkjjs ), 
  wait , people really fuck up penguin ? 
  i am thinking this will get buried but here we go : i have two memories that are pretty adult from my childhood that i was nowhere near old enough to comprehend . 
  so my family grew up near the jersey shore . 
  we would frequently go to the beach . 
  when i was four i remember i saw a foot floating along and a big fire in the ocean . 
  i remember i got my mom and said look mommy i found a broken foot . 
  i remember my mom freaked out and got me out of the water and ran to a payphone and called 911 . 
  that was a jumper plane that crashed and killed everyone on board . 
  i just found a dismembered foot . 
  the second thing was why i started wrestling . 
  when i was a 6 i was being pressured to ioin the wrestling team because i was a big kid . 
  i didnt want to , until i caught my mom and dad wrestling in our kitchen . 
  i thought wow , my dad is my idol so if he wrestles so would i. 
  at dinner i told them i wanted to join . 
  well i won the county tourney and the end of year banquetr they asked me why i joined . 
  my parents never asked so they were extra curious . 
  being six without a mental filter i said , my family taught me i wanted to wrestle . 
  mom and dad wrestle at home all the time . 
  i love my parents for wrestling !, 
  this story is told at every family reunion and to my fiance everytime someome gets drunk . 
  tldr ; i found a dismembered foot from a plane crash and started wrestling because i caught my parents doing it and joined the wrestling team because kid logic . 
  telling my now fiance she should try working out with me . 
  then covering my tracks because i legitimately was lonely at the gym . 
  one month of sleeping on the couch later , she will workout with me . 
  i know this would be shitty to say , but my mom 's cooking . 
  it 's like chewing on tires covered in shitty homemade pasta sauce . 
  it was n't me , assholes . 
  i remember i was going to try and date this girl a friend set me up with . 
  i told her i was into computers , her response . 
  `` oh well i mean dorky guys are kinda cool , you can like totally fix my wifi when i want right ? '', 
  girl , i am not your wifi slave . 
  i am a tech junky not your personal apple genius/geeksquad . 
  no , most definitely was using me . 
  the girl was about as dense as a stone . 
  i could n't deal with it . 
  philly sport fans in general . 
  yes , i have my bias , but those guys stink . 
  they are rude , threatening , and overall jerks whenever you enter `` their house '' . 
  case in point ,, 
   jets vs. eagles pre-season game . 
   take grandma with me to game . 
   wear my jet jersey , she wears a viking jersey . 
   eagle fan has a tushie tantrum , throws stuff at us threatening us . 
   `` all jet fans should burn in hell , you too you _____ _______ viking fan . '', 
   [ mfw ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/b2gnkxgciaaso1f.jpg ) a guy found it okay to cuss out a little old lady . 
  am from jersey , can confirm . 
  you have so serious brass being a cowboy fan in nj . 
  also , hidy ho from a jet fan . 
  i am a little confused , what class was this ? 
  could you possibly fail ? 
  21 - if someone can put your needs before your own , stick with them . 
  they genuinely care about you , they will uplift you and inspire you achieve greater heights than you ever could imagine . 
  i have been dating this girl is for a while now and recently it changed my view . 
  i had a huge plethora of issues lately , and she has only been concerned about what has happened to me . 
  i know she is stressed but she still can help inspire me . 
  man she really helps me . 
  i was mistaken as a mugger trying to break into my own apartment . 
  i am a big guy , 6 ' 5 '' and very stocky . 
  imagine jordan cameron on the cleveland browns , that is my body type . 
  anyway , i work as a bouncer at night . 
  my outfit is an all black hoodie and old as hell jeans the bar gave me . 
  it 's a stock work set every bouncer wears . 
  well , i worked a red eye shift and was a wee bit dizzy from migraine medicine ( due to the flashing lights and bass at the bar ) . 
  well , dopey over here stumbles all the way to my apartment . 
  i kept using my bar 's lock set to try and open my door . 
  welp , i got mad and started yelling that my god damned key would n't work . 
  i drew the attention of the morning security guard . 
  he came over and told me cops were on the way .
