  edit : link for the lazy to werlyb 's jax game vs [ sk gaming ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eap6gwvilwa#t=12m32s ), 
  is it still strong even if you go deletegar ? 
  i would think e is better in 90 % of cases . 
  unless they want to fight back, 
  i mean the first three i guess help . 
  i was just referring to what i have noticed but thanks for the build advice !, 
  edit : i mainly wanted to see what i missed , not a recap of what i stated . 
  again , distinctly wrote `` am i missing anything '' . 
  i realize i spoke in broad generalizations but you could find room to say , nope covered it all but what you say is generalized . 
  it 's kinda simple , but i get it . 
  [ rimshot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cdvtcddewi ), 
  i 'm not looking to pick a fight . 
   just future help . 
  but genuinely thanks for helping with laf jungls, 
  as a rengar main , how do you feel about being a one trick pony with my favorite cat . 
  i have a 55 % win rate on him . 
  i 'm climbing fast but am scared it 'll fizzle out, 
  i mean . 
  my favorite thing as a rengar player is seeing someone say `` camp harder '' . 
  i hate to do it but my prize alarm goes off . 
  i 'm basically screaming `` i found the tilt guys . '', 
  pitch a tent then tell him it 's probably his jungles fault they did n't gank and i sympathize that he 's faker . 
  hey buddy , rengar jungle is very passive unless you go for the ballsy lane gank . 
  i do n't even like doing that . 
  my normal path is gromp  blue  wolves  red  scuttle  ( wait a second ) krugs  then back . 
  normally i do n't have to back much . 
  but you hit the nail on the head , you have to lane gank if you want to be ballsy and go for the gank . 
  like i said , it 's weird . 
  if you want i can show you what i mean sometime , 
  you are picking superminion + bird mid . 
  no one will believe you dude : c, 
  if you win with tf , and know tf then why worry about what the meta dictates ? 
  his global ult makes really good pressure so use it well . 
  i mean it is hard to understand what you are even trying to say . 
  play what you want , if you think tf is too hard do n't to do it . 
  i say any champ is worth playing . 
  go check out the mentoring thread . 
  you 'll find plenty of people willing to help . 
  i get off work at 9pm most weekdays due to a long week . 
  i 'd love to be a part of this . 
  rengar/jung main here willing to bring all skill necessary !, 
  i am ass at adc and mid and feel guilty when i get pigeon holed in the roles . 
  what do i do to scale back my `` oopsie i fucked up '' approaches to mid ? 
  tips for a hyper aggressive jungler who blows at mid and adc ? 
  cait i am hesitant to play , but ashe why the hell not . 
  never considered annie mid . 
  i guess i just need to be more aggressive . 
  i am a rengar main and off play hecarim and rek ` sai so i am always used to going into the thick of it and brawling . 
  it 's hard to adjust to adc and mid sadly . 
  that is definitely a big issue , should i be hiding more towards the back and poking ? 
  or a little closer to the front and nuking or is this all carry dependent . 
  i really just want to learn mid so i am not that guy saying `` but i cant mid or adc guiseeee '', 
  . never considered talon as a viable option . 
  thanks again !, 
  okay , so scaling back aggression probably is the best course of action . 
  thanks dude . 
  i really like viktor because of his constant harass and absurd late game scaling . 
  i will try and master staying back and being a poke machine for the future . 
  however , i have noticed i can calculate some damage and flash combo someone to death . 
  breaking ground there copernicus . 
  not a simple question , looking for advice on mid in general . 
  but i see why you say that . 
  mlg insight g2 swag i guess, 
  and being a gigantic asshat is also unnecessary , i seriously would hate to be in a duo with you it sounds like you tilt really easy when provoked . 
  bingo , exact response i was looking for . 
  also , malphite can roll mid ? 
  this opens up countless doors for me . 
  thank you so much !, 
  i will need to test swain a lot more . 
  he seems complex, 
  highly , highly doubt it . 
  but that is okay , have a nice day !, 
  have fun tilting !, 
  decent idea , i could run vlad mid for science and see how i do . 
  onward for great science then, 
  oh man this makes me wildly excited . 
  i play malph jungle in a bind and this looks right up my alley . 
  thank you, 
  i cant give you gold ^ im ^ really ^ poor so here 's [ silver ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8rpori6bis ), 
  maybe this over my head , but how does this relate to superminion + bird ? 
  but really , bird hawk does n't really come off as cool and most people will flame all day . 
  if the job is to blow up an adc or apc i can do that , that is so similar to knife cat . 
  what is your normal rush ? 
  i typically have two starts i go as vlad . 
  if im ahead , i go hextech wota . 
  if im vs apc , i go null magic hextech, 
  edit : also are cdr boots bad on vlad ?? 
  i also work nights at a bar and am a total gentle giant . 
  my better half is scared for my well being and wants to enroll in a self defense . 
  i think it 's bologna and want to get in better shape . 
  i 've done several mudders and feel excellent . 
  my main question is about kick boxing lol . 
  i run hills because my significant other and i live in a very hilly area . 
  i run a hill all the locals call cardiac back . 
  it 's a super steep hill ( almost a cliff face ) made out of gravel . 
  that has trained me very well, 
  duly considered . 
  like i said , not a violent guy . 
  i just want a way to get my heart racing and making me feel like a sweating mess afterwards . 
  muay thai sounds like the answer seeing as i would prefer to have some knowledge on how to fend for myself .
