  yeah i 'm running shadowclesve now . 
  turbo tsg were 5050 but this is 70 % winrate . 
  does it count if i was the kid ? 
  because i have two doozies . 
  i told my first grade teacher my dad likes beer , in a strict catholic school . 
  my dad built the manger for the christmas play . 
  so my teacher was awestruck when i threw that out so casually . 
  5 pm rolls around and comes to pick me up . 
  teacher probes dad , who does n't drink . 
  he then probes me . 
  what do i blurt out ? 
  ( at the time we would go get birch beer and pizza as a treat . 
  forgot a key word . 
  second time , dad has a procedure on his neck from working carpentry for 20 + years . 
  i 'm now in third grade , same school . 
  he was king pain killers to sleep , so , he woke up a bit tardy to make to class . 
  off we go , he drops me off at the office and is making small talk with the teacher . 
  being a carpenter , i picked up on some of this finer language skills . 
  teacher aide comes to get me . 
  i blurt out `` sorry , dad was taking the damn pills again and would n't wake up '' . 
  seeing as he is helping the school regularly , staff bursts out laughing . 
  he is still mortified . 
  it 's weird but something i see daily , even in my line of work . 
  having the courage to ask a question in an open forum . 
  i will be visit a class at my alma mater , and ask if anyone has questions . 
  none , but then i will get 20 + emails later asking questions . 
  something just curious for me . 
  i was always unabashed in asking questions in an open forum . 
  but , it seems so different now . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm two years removed . 
  i ask in the middle of the guest lecture i 'm hosting . 
  i understand it but it just is wildly perplexing to me . 
  it seems a little unfair to be celebrating the fact that he killed himself . 
  it 's not to mitigate what he did . 
  but saying , good riddance or what not seems wrong . 
  this guy was disturbed , who knows what would happen if he got help . 
  a shame the old man died and he deserves to be remembered , but no one deserves whatever was plaguing this man 's crazed mind . 
  not sure if you had any bites , but i am a ww/mw main , floating 1700 atm . 
  i will climb up but have n't found stable teammates . 
  if oyu have alts , i 'd happily play wwmd . 
  to be honest , lfr in world of warcraft on release . 
  the horror, 
  it 's been working so far , but i appreciate the nod man !, 
  hey man , for sure . 
  i got a warrior i am pushing with . 
  will add tonight, 
  that has been my primary study tool . 
  i think i definitely need to practice the fundamentals more and now that i have failed . 
  i know what to expect so i wo n't be shaken upon first glance . 
  i used the `` make salesforce sound good policy '' . 
  thank you though !, 
  hey para , quick question . 
  as a warrior in 1750 i struggle when to use bladestorm . 
  i see you use it when you group or at the end of your battle cry . 
  do you ever use bs as a cc breaker ? 
  this is a great explaination . 
  however , as a monk playing this at 2k mmr atm , we do it a little differently . 
  we will slowly build up then perform the steps above . 
  the global forces trinks and defs or you die . 
  there is virtually no middle ground, 
  i would n't agree . 
  ww/m/x is much more bursty and a lot less control than rmd . 
  you ca n't perma stun into a global like rmd can . 
  ww/arcane is just 123 death . 
  we win on either our first or second go , that is really the only thing i see similar to rm . 
  what cr are you currently ? 
  i 'm at 1950 atm as ww/mw . 
  pref ww lately because of the insane pressure but that is n't here or there . 
  i 'll add you later as i am at work at the moment . 
  hey bud , i am sorry have n't gotten a hold of you . 
  what is your btag ? 
  i fell to 1850 from 1990 . 
  what cr is your mage ?? 
  we just need a druid, 
  to be fair , i do agree , i play mainly ww and mw but i love the idea of teb for twd like a previous monk said . 
  the problem with monks right now is they are only scary during their go , other wise it is n't really all that terrifying . 
  i can definitely see twd running sweep , hit combo , and teb . 
  the setup would be tedius , but very easy to burn through chi . 
  once you hit roughly 5-10 stacks of teb , and have a hit combo rolling . 
  well , you know the rest it 's old hat . 
  grip , sweep , serenity , teb , tod , and lastly defensives or death . 
  i wonder about the strength of wwmd running teb . 
  for instance , in a frost mage comp where both want to set up . 
  is 2.2 your exp or cr ? 
  mw/ww monk interested in 3s . 
  thanks mate !, 
  / u/zethsta my buddy is planning on rolling destro . 
  while i normally will play mlx with him . 
  i want to play assassination ( my main spec and favorite class in the game ) with destro . 
  how would we make it work ? 
  my theory is to force defensives with a hard burst from me , and let him build burst . 
  then once my go is up again , we blitz the kill target . 
  here is the talent/honor talent panel i plan on running . 
  - talents : http://www.wowhead.com/talent-calc/rogue/assassination/c5tz, 
  - honor talents : http://www.wowhead.com/honor-calc/rogue/assassination/lhu, 
  p.s : thoughts on shiv ? 
  thanks for the reply dude . 
  do you think my current setup is advantageous to a sin rogue ? 
  i really like poison blade . 
  that was my initial thought as well .
