  i love how krepo casually comes in and takes jabs at himself . 
  what a good sport , this is why i love krepo . 
  my current girlfriend and i were sitting on the couch with me watching tv , on comes a kay jewelers commercial . 
  incomes the jingle `` every kiss begins with kay '' . 
  she sits and stares at me genuinely confused and goes `` kiss is n't spelt k-a-y-i-s-s '' . 
  i stare at her and start giggling `` no sweety , it 's supposed to sound like the letter k '' . 
  she stares at a wall , turns to me `` really '' . 
  `` yeah ? '', 
  `` god damnit '' . 
  she 'd never understood it for years . 
  whew lord my ribs hurt so bad after laughing so hard . 
  she still gets mad when i bring it up , but it 's too funny not to . 
  ** reneketon ** - specifically , i otp full ad renekton . 
  here are some key points that i have been using to climb steadily this season . 
  * renekton is a fantastic lane bully with pretty strong sustain . 
  early on , not many people have the power to duel you . 
  especially if you are running thunderlords ( i will elaborate on this later ) . 
  the main strength of renekton is abuse your ability to trade with minor damage to yourself . 
  * combo wise , renekton is pretty cut and dry . 
  typically , i will e in , w , tiamat , e , q , aa to fast cancel . 
  however , majority of people do not live past the inital burst of the empowered w. his q is a massive aoe burst especially in short duels . 
  * optimal pathing ( masteries/items ) - in almost 90 % of situations , as ad renekton , you will take fervor to battle . 
  late game it is stronger and if you trades extend ( normally they do n't ) you will be even more lethal . 
  however , if you are against a lot of squishies tld is a house . 
  for instance , i personally take it against riven . 
  build path is generally the same , i always rush youmoos . 
  the additional ability to close the gap is invaluable . 
  from there you have two options , if you are massively ahead or vs. squishies , get a triforce . 
  the faster fury generation from the attack speed is great and cdr has never hurt . 
  sheen also stacks with your w , which hits like a freight train . 
  if not , get a bc and the build path follows as such ; duskblade ( after core two ) , pd/bork ( based on game feel , i like pd personally ) , finish off with mercurial/sterakks/frozen / ga as your tank item . 
  good luck and enjoy a brave new world !, 
  `` as i live all will die '' < 3, 
  renaming my rogue in wow for legion , because dihabeetus was offensive . 
  `` famous mythical assassins '' . 
  i do n't like this . 
  so do you believe strike to be garbage ? 
  good to see you agree on vigor . 
  tfw you 're still too under geared to arena : c. just hit 110 last saturday . 
  i am all about assassination , i played it since vanilla . 
  this expansion it feels like assass is more about `` the worse they are , the better you are, 
  i jumped ship to sub . 
  i know this in the back of my mind , but i want to believe it was some passion for assass that helped me climb . 
  one can hope !, 
  i think im sitting sub 800 ? 
  either way , rogue has hilarious uptime with regen . 
  may just dive in head first see what happens . 
  man i missed the old days of bc assass . 
  cb mutas hit like a freight train . 
  tack on exposed armor ? 
  good by squishy . 
  this is uplifting to hear . 
  im still debating on whether to go akaari soul/nova next . 
  akaari seems stronger . 
  it does . 
  roll the bones has such an ability to swing tempo with flick of the wrist it 's insane . 
  i love the pressure you can pump as assassination . 
  but , your control does n't feel as good . 
  sub is much stronger imho . 
  thank you man !, 
  dude that is bonkers . 
  i read the effect and immediately went `` wewwwww boy that 's silly '' . 
  ill pm you later with my bnet info , i am a sub-rogue main and have the same mindset you do . 
  i may tap into assassination next once i get two key traits for sub . 
  i also am leveling an arms or holy pally , both are 100 atm . 
  i definitely do not feel that way . 
  i 've had to change my talents and adapt my play style . 
  i 'm happy assassination got tweaks to make it stronger so my off spec will be fun again . 
  to me i feel like sub is strong still but you need to know your windows to burst . 
  frost sounds like a filthy combination . 
  hey man . 
  i 'm a sub rogue who is transitioning to assassination . 
  are you horde us ? 
  i 'd love to play some games and play thug . 
  pm me your bnet info, 
  i normally run venom rush , but for this i would probably go mfd for a mfd step/kidney . 
  rls could be super strong . 
  afflic shreds with dots and sin mounts pressure . 
  i 'm finally setting up all my talents but reassessing mfd . 
  by what i figure venom rush is way better . 
  assassination is pretty god damn fun . 
  have n't touched sub . 
  we 're playing a rot cleave with me sin/lock/shaman . 
  it was a great time bleeding people out . 
  i am just debating if i like mfd or venom rush . 
  mfd has obvious benefits for bursting into exsang . 
  but all that free energy is so good . 
  i for the life of me can not remember my bnet information , i am also at work . 
  i 'm a horde assassination rogue looking for a fdk/uhdk to rot cleave down people . 
  pm me your info !, 
  i have been looking for someone to grind at the minimum 2.2 with this xpac !, 
  i 'm currently sitting at 1.2 . 
  look forward to playing with you man . 
  i 've been an assassination rogue junkie since vanilla . 
  the ability to blitz someone and watch them rot to me is so satisfying . 
  however , in terms of fun . 
  we all define it differently , i like being in the fray , foot on the gas , and never letting up an ounce of pressure . 
  you may be different . 
  do a bit of thinking , try and tell me what you see as fun and we can find it . 
  i am levelling a dk ( us horde ) , so you 're more than welcome to level with me,
