  mumbling i was hungry . 
  she goes to the head nurse ( her boss ) told her i am hungry and she 'll clean it up if i puke . 
  she gets me a sandwich and soup ( this much i remember until i thought i passed out ) . 
  apparently , this was not the case . 
  i stared at her with a 1,000 yard stare and proceeded to scream `` trogggggdoorrrrrrrrrrrrrr '' then furious ate a sandwich , chugged the soup , piss on myself and pass out . 
  yay . 
  edit for clarity : girlfriend was doing a shadowing project/volunteer work . 
  related story , my grandma suffered a heart attack , stroke , and seizure from drinking a five hour energy . 
  some idiot gas station worker offered it to her over a cup of coffee . 
  anyway , i had been by her bedside when my family was working ( i worked nights at a bar ) . 
  so my dad comes in to watch his mom , it 's night and i hit the lights and leave in my bouncing uniform . 
  my dad is a carpenter and wore all black . 
  i came back to say bye to grandma to only hear this . 
  `` no sweetie , you 're very polite but my boy is a white man . 
  i certainly did n't have a black baby . '', 
  dad turned on the lights and grandma passed out . 
  pain meds really wreck you dude . 
  more like the perconator with the way i was . 
  she gained a majority of her speech and walking ability back . 
  i just finished working as a physical therapist aid at the time , so i was extra hard on grandma to work hard . 
  she was a trooper . 
  i really respect her . 
  for some reason my girlfriend still loves me . 
  i don ' r remember any of this . 
  i seriously wish someone had this 6 ' 5 '' guy screaming `` troggggdorrrrr '' slamming back a sandwich and soup . 
  i really only remember waking up at night with her and my dad laughing at me . 
  i promptly asked to be taken off pain meds after that . 
  i bit the bullet during recovery . 
  [ foxborough , i will help you out with this one . 
  ] ( http://www.maxvelocitytactical.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/butt-hurt-1.jpg ), 
  yeah , i know the gas station he works at so i went with a cop and asked him . 
  he admitted to it and we almost had a case of negligence , however , he technically was n't liable . 
  she is old enough to make her own decisions . 
  plus she had years of untreated hypertension without telling me . 
  it broke my heart , my hypertension went on a whirl that day . 
  no god damnit !, 
  let me eat my sandwiches !, 
  with untreated heart conditions and hypertension ? 
  yeah fuck you buddy , we had the best cardiologist in ny diagnose her . 
  she recounted what happened and he pinned it on that . 
  that stuff is pure poison . 
  we have select uniforms for when we bounce depending on theme nights . 
  not what some relative said . 
  what a leading ny cardiologist said . 
  i can guarantee you really have no outside view of the world . 
  enjoy your life . 
  also , nice logical leap of faith assuming she was going for caffeinated coffee . 
  mental mother fucking gymnastics ahoy . 
  i go to school in the south after growing up in nj . 
  when it said beluga whale i thought he meant some interplanetary human . 
  i need more coffee too . 
  dad told me straight up when i was 8 `` your mom let one slip past the goalie '' . 
   meet mark gubin . 
  this guy lives in milwaukee , wan na know why he is a gigantic troll ? 
   he lives near an airport and wrote `` welcome to cleveland '' on the roof of his house . 
  imagine flying into milwaukee , seeing this and saying `` oh shit cleveland '' . 
   how long has this been up ? 
  since 1978 . 
  he has been trolling passengers going to milwaukee since 1978 . 
  no one beats mark gubin . 
  yay fun facts as an ice breaker . 
  yeah that was my go to answer really quickly . 
  she was staring in stunned horror ( we were at a live bar/restaurant ) and i immediately ordered the tequila shots . 
  i joked by saying we should take a shot every time the blame shifted . 
  her response was `` someone needs to drive home . 
  we ca n't sleep under the stage '' . 
  overall 10/10 music and food , -2 / 10 awkward fight + hangover . 
  oh god i felt uncomfortable imagining being in their shoes . 
  this could work deceptively well . 
  that makes sense , good for you !, 
  yeah , that 's generally my goal . 
  sadly all the good music joints are in the city : /, 
  there are butthurt complaint forms we can mail to the jets . 
  i sent mine in a couple times . 
  did n't work . 
  pretty much what i thought . 
  i was angry i dropped the 5 games . 
  mainly because i would miss one person in the blink rp and not turn so i 'd have to scramble to shove them back . 
  i mean , like i said , my last real ` competitive side ' was when alliance won ti3 lol . 
  i think that 's a sign of how long it 's been . 
  i was over joyed to see dirge being meta . 
  thanks man . 
  i think i need to adapt my build a little with undying and magnus ( visage is pretty cut and dry . 
  with magnus i have been dinking around with glimmer cape . 
  i thought , hey why the hell not . 
  spell resist and better yet 4 free seconds invis sets up a brutal rp . 
  however , if i have a blink it may be overkill . 
  please review these builds to see if they are okay ? 
  * core - arcanes , blink , and force staff . 
  * luxury - heart of tarrasque , battlefury ( situational ) , daedalus ( situational ) , shivas , lastly this is i guess just me , crimson guard or bkb . 
  undying i think i got hammered down . 
  i am scared my magnus build sucks . 
  shut the fuck up , this is brutal . 
  i realize shiva 's and bkb 's situational strength ( them cc / siege comps hurt like a bitch ) . 
  i totally blanked on the refresher orb . 
  that thing makes magnus really god damn scary . 
  what is your opinion on guardian 's with magnus ? 
  it morphs my role into a slightly tankier support/initiator . 
  which , magnus does a great job of already . 
  what do you mean by he is wrong ?
