  forget a move ? 
  ham-rage-saurus has forgotten physical abuse and learned verbal lashing . 
   ham-rage-saurus ; ahhhhh how dare you say i lack control !, 
  your aunt lacked control thats why she got a dui again . 
  yeah dont think i am the only one who knows . 
  youre closest aunt is a deadbeat . 
  everyone knows . 
  youre next . 
  now , for those who do n't know the irish culture . 
  we are taught never to cry . 
  crying is a sign of weakness . 
  i can recall three or four times in my life i truly lost control and cried . 
  this was one . 
  i lost it . 
  i just started yelling take it back . 
  she sneered and laughed . 
   ham-rage-saurus ; or what ? 
  you 'll hit me ? 
  you wo n't hit me ? 
  i got a friend to defend me , meet longshot . 
  longshot was a freshman in highschool who was about my size but a beanpole . 
  he had a bad rep for fighting people . 
  i guess she convinced him to do some dirty work for her . 
  blackmail or something , the girl had a lot of money so she may have offered him cash . 
  he stood between me and her , i told him to move so i can finish my retribution . 
  he told me not gon na happen and shoved me away . 
  i said move one last time and not to touch me . 
  i just want to tell ham-man-tha off . 
  leave me to my business , this time i was cold . 
  he shoved again and told me to do something to myself and go drink with my aunt . 
  i lost it , i tackled him to the ground . 
  i started swinging at his head . 
  pounding him into the pile floor i lost control . 
  he started crying too , i kept wailing saying take it back again . 
  he started to say he was sorry . 
  ham-man-tha watched in terror . 
  she created and monster and was now in it 's path . 
  her plan failed . 
  i kept working on longshot , the kid would n't escape my wrath . 
  a crowd that watched the fight ran and got the school security and a principal . 
  i remember two large guys taking me away , i was still frothing saying i was n't done . 
  he was n't sorry . 
  longshot was crying saying he was so sorry , he did n't mean to . 
  the principal listened to my side and said it was fine . 
  i need to control my temper . 
  if longshot is hurt i will have to suffer consequences . 
  no big deal . 
  longshot had a grade ii concusion from the pummeling . 
  he came and apologized profusely . 
  * author 's note * i recently messaged longshot , i apologized . 
  i feel terrible to this day for letting anger ride me like that . 
  he told me it 's okay . 
  he cut me deep in a fragile time . 
  we are friends and still talk . 
  for all who wonder . 
  now , where did the ham disappear to ? 
  she went to get me water !, 
  she told that faculty that longshot was agonizing me about my aunt . 
  she claimed she tried to save me but i rushed longshot . 
  she told them i was just a little unstable . 
  she tried to talk to me after , but that my friends is another story . 
  edit : this felt good to vent , so i know i look like a bad guy . 
  a thousand apologies in advance . 
  i remember when i learned what pancreatic cancer was . 
  i just remember my mom crying for what seemed like days without relent . 
  she could barely muster words to tell us the stage . 
  so , like the diligent child i am , i googled it . 
  i really wish i was n't trying to learn . 
  i learned that you had under 1 % survival . 
  late stage iii pancreatic cancer rapidly advancing to stage iv ? 
  what did you do to deserve this ? 
  you were just the quiet aunt , the one who would quietly support me in all my endeavors . 
  you were my idol and the one who prodded me to continue in school . 
  i still remember driving across that bridge into your quiet and little riverside town . 
  dad and i were the builders of the family . 
  we worked every weekend and even sometimes after my football practices to fix the house up . 
  i remember how you cried one day . 
  you told me the work i did was of no use , you were dead anyway . 
  that hit me hard . 
  knowing that despite our best efforts to make you happy , it was for nothing . 
  you still knew you were dying , and dying quickly at that . 
  i can distinctly remember the day you drove to boston . 
  there was a rally for pancreatic cancer survivors . 
  the luck few who bested this mighty demon and was preaching to it 's ailing victims . 
  `` you could survive !, 
  look at me !, 
  i changed my life and had a can do attitude !, 
  you can survive !, 
  let 's beat pancreatic cancer ! '', 
  the relatives of some of the soon to be deceased cheer and cried tears of passion . 
  they believed , they truly believed . 
  we looked to you if we should cheer . 
  i remember you did n't even flinch . 
  you told us to leave . 
  you looked resigned but smiled , `` it 's just to beat the traffic , you know boston '' . 
  i remember the day it took a turn to devastation . 
  we got the call from the hospital saying they are suggesting hospice . 
  we agreed and set you up for what would be your final week . 
  i remember , just before memorial day we went to visit you . 
  the frailty of your body , your dramatic weight loss , and the extreme loss of hair jarred me .
