  so , can anyone else offer me advice to start really pushing league ? 
  i 'd really appreciate this !, 
  in return i can give you hearthstone advice from a 4-5 time legend . 
  jungle main here , recently started climbing ( 10 game win streak from b5-b4 !, 
  thank you based nocturne and malphite ) . 
  i am realizing i wo n't always be allowed to jungle , however , my fall back role is support . 
  i love the idea of impacting the game even if it 's not me carrying . 
  so i have four support champions at the moment . 
  thresh , morg , soraka , and janna . 
  i am debating spending the metaphorically big bucks ( 6.3 k ip ) to get braum . 
  i love his tool kit idea . 
  being a tanky monster and just sponging all your teams damage . 
  so my question is , is he worth it ? 
  braum main 's can you tell me his strengths and weaknesses ? 
  i am a tanky jungle main , see nautilus , malphite , and sometimes noc . 
  please help a fellow summoner out !, 
  recently moved up to b4 from b5 ( hey , it 's a start after a lonnggggg break ) . 
  i noticed absolutely nobody warded in a plethora of games and realized nobody could be bothered to ward . 
  on average , in a b5 game , over 45 minutes , each player on the enemy team placed an average of 8 wards . 
  the average was about the same for my team , with me leading the charge at 16-17 per . 
  yes i know my warding number was low , but i have started to wonder . 
  maybe to counter the lack of warding , i could get a sightstone on my jungle characters . 
  i typically main nocturne , sejuani , nautilus , and rengar . 
  i am debating the viability on noc and rengar because of their reliance on high damage output . 
  but , again , am a lowly b4 and still learning everyday . 
  hello all ,, 
  former high dota 2 elo player . 
  currently play hearthstone very competitively . 
  being a lowly bronze i look for all advice i can gain and add to my knowledge base . 
  i have finally grown comfortable with mechanics and cs ` ing . 
  now my problem arises . 
  i am torn between roles . 
  i love jungle , but the coordination it requires in bronze is like trying to herd cats . 
  however , i saw a guide for vlad on here and said `` oh man i used to love me some vlad in norms , what the hell i 'll bite '' . 
  read up , digested the info , and lo and behold , i won . 
  four games in a row , blink of an eye . 
  immediately saw a person ban vlad , went to renekton . 
  won hard . 
  i checked my winrates ( tendency i have from hs ) and saw my winrate on top / mid champs lately is vastly higher than that of a jungle . 
  and by vastly , i mean upwards of 15 % . 
  should i swap roles ? 
  in hs i swap deck if it fails . 
  however , with league i am more hesitant and love advice . 
  tl ; dr : played dota 2 at a high competitive level , played lots of ranked games in league , shit the bed tilted got angry took a break . 
  long break . 
  came back , about 150 games into the season , i am trying to climb while master my mechanics . 
  who are my strong champions and who should i drop ? 
  hi everyone , anyone willing to help me would be greatly appreciated . 
  here is my op.gg . 
  i post this because this is how i became a better dota 2 player , and a better hearthstone player overall . 
  i posted my lists and people way better than me taught me . 
  so , why not try it here . 
  to summarize a long story , i played dota 2 at a very high elo playing brusiers and tanks , such as undying ( i somehow finagled a 77 % winrate on him ) , axe , slardar , and the bane of everyone earthshaker . 
  welp , i came back to league confident my high elo mekaniques would carry me . 
  * buzzer noise * nada , you took way too long off old man . 
  i got slapped senseless . 
  after a lot of ranked games and me tilting i shut myself up and said maybe you should learn the game . 
  i come to you . 
  help me , yes i play a lot of ranked games but i do n't have a lot of friends and my competitive nature does n't really enjoy normals . 
  i play a warm up game in bots to practice my cs and skills like that . 
  in return , i have hearthstone knowledge that got me back to back to back legends and dota 2 skill out my wazu . 
  cheers !, 
  hi all ,, 
  currently b1 and have been decimating with rengar top and jungle . 
  if i cant get rengar i normally play vlad and win just as hard . 
  i generally carry very hard and am nervous once i promote to silver , the metaphorical free lunch ends because people have slightly better knowledge of warding to stop rengar . 
  that being said , i have a 75 % winrate over the last 15 games on rengar . 
  should i be nervous about this or keep playing and focus on domination to climb ? 
  regards ,, 
  hi all ,, 
  i want to conduct an experiment . 
  everyone gets better by learning , so i want to see how people apply their knowledge to beat your mains . 
  so here are the rules , people who main x champion , comment it . 
  people who have ironed out a strategy to beat that champion , reply with your description of what you do and possibly ways to disrupt that flow . 
  be creative !, 
  happy hunting !, 
  i have recently went on a terrible loss streak and decide to abandon ranked for two weeks to set my mind straight . 
  in that time every match i play will be put into an excel sheet with champion selected , lane opponent , cs , deaths , learning outcomes , and matchout comes with more data involved . 
  it 's been two days and i already feel myself learning . 
  my normals mmr is far higher than my current ranked spot ( bronze 4 ) . 
  maining rengar i learned that people are much smarter than me and will try and predict my movements . 
  this has forced me to become more sneaky . 
  in turn , making me more deadly . 
  these two weeks off will be difficult because i am competitive , but this feels right . 
  i need to become happier with myself and master myself before i can climb effectively . 
  this all being said , i want to know if anyone is interested in my data at the end of the break ? 
  i think since i can feel myself gaining confidence , maybe the more analytical types will be happier to see data rather than replays . 
  happy hunting !, 
  tl ; dr - lost a lot , making a data file containing all my games with stats and learning outcomes . 
  if this gains traction , i will share my data . 
  hey everyone ,, 
  i thought i 'd share a story with you that might make you guys a little happy . 
  recently , i accepted a job in new york and am working here full time . 
  i am a full time university student , so when i told my three year girlfriend she was upset but understood this was an amazing opportunity . 
  the night before i left , i downloaded a pokemon soulsilver rom on my computer for the flight back home to new york . 
  she saw me playing and asked if that was a pokemon game ? 
  now a little background on my girlfriend , she is a driven and hardworking nurse . 
  the closest i have seen her come to a pokemon game was say her favorite was eevee ( not shocking , she 's a bubbly sorority girl ) . 
  when i hesitantly answered yes , she exploded saying she 's been dying to play a game . 
  her older brother never let her play and she finally wants her turn .
