  what do instructions unclear . 
  my girlfriend 's father was very apprehensive of me at first . 
  she 's a down south girl . 
  heart of gold , grew up on southern values , never left her home state besides to travel deeper south , and lastly she 's a nurse . 
  so she is the sweetest little sorority girl you could ever meet . 
  for me , i am a salesman , specifically in the sport sector . 
  i was born and raised in new jersey so i am a spit fire personality by nature . 
  i wear my heart on my sleeve . 
  when we first met , her dad said he did n't approve of her dating a yankee . 
  to me , i did n't care , i told him i respect his decision but i took the tom brady approach to it . 
  [ for refernce ] ( http://boston.cbslocal.com/2012/01/20/brady-told-patriots-kraft-im-best-decision-this-organization-has-ever-made ) . 
  basically , we sat down and we talked . 
  i told him my interests , my career aspirations , and my plans for us . 
  i remember clear as day , when i left before asking his daughter to marry me , he said `` why the hell should i trust you after all that shit you just threw at me ? '', 
  her mother was mortified , so was the so . 
  frankly , i stared him down and said `` because your daughter does , and if you do n't trust me , you do n't trust her '' . 
  we left . 
  we 're engaged now and god damn is it the best decision i ever made . 
  we are going to our alma mater vs lsu this week before our anniversary and i could n't be happier !, 
  hrrrrrrrngggggggg those fucking jumps . 
  also i use ssw rengar , no shame there . 
  no shame at all . 
  that veigar dumpstered the entire team gaht dayum . 
  no you dirty fiora picker . 
  ssw rengars are unheralded heroes we deserve . 
  yeah he absolutely torched ahq . 
  it was insane, 
  gim me that sweeper fam look, 
  shhhh not bad, 
  i assume his path was to that of some conservative rengar i 've seen . 
  they go hydra deadman into more damage . 
  i 've tried it . 
  it 's not fun . 
  you do n't die often is a major plus . 
  i assume his path was to that of some conservative rengar i 've seen . 
  they go hydra deadman into more damage . 
  i 've tried it . 
  it 's not fun . 
  you do n't die often is a major plus . 
  i 've let it go . 
  i use it as a counter point to my frustrations . 
  currently a graduating senior at the university of south carolina . 
  i do n't think my heart wants to see him on gameday , but by god does my inner businessman want to see him there . 
  call it greed but i ca n't get enough of spurrier . 
  i remember when i was a freshman doing strength training internships with the university . 
  i met coach spurrier and he saw a semi-stocky kid and laughed to me and said `` no northern strength coaches '' . 
  i laughed so did he . 
  i love his wit and guile , i ca n't say how i feel about this . 
  my girlfriend farts like a man whenever she decides cheese quesadilla are a good idea . 
  probably buried but it 's okay . 
  my buddies all were in frats and my girlfriend/wife is kappa kappa gamma . 
  i was a big dude who bounced all their events for pocket change and because it got me later jobs at bars . 
  anyway onto the fucked up shit . 
  my girlfriend was n't hazed , but at a party i was bouncing for a different frat she saw pledges get whipped with frayed electrical wire if they could n't say the alphabet backwards . 
  the worst i saw was my friends frat had their kids have a fucking super hot girl grind in them bare ass . 
  if they got a boner you go 6 minutes of wrestling against me . 
  you lose you chug a bottle of vodka . 
  you win you sip a bottle . 
  attended sec school can attest our frats treated dudes like utter dog shit, 
  hey there fellow gamecock, 
  to my knowledge, 
  fwiw : i 'm a long time control warrior player with a few legends to my name . 
  i 'm entering a tournament in my university and i will be combo druid , midrange paladin , and hybrid hunter . 
  i think this list covers the gambit , however , i think shaman and tempo mage became a lot stronger in light of patron nerfs so i will consider bringing them . 
  so would you say just spamming renek , wu , and trundle be my best bet to just mastering the situation ? 
  i generally try to tailor my build based on the situation . 
  is this a decent synopsis of what you said ? 
  would you recommend taking ignite on the champions i mentioned ? 
  i have been very tempted on renekton to take the ignite when i think i can kill him early . 
  interesting , i 'll keep spamming my monkey man !, 
  he just seems so strong and can carry really hard when ahead . 
  thanks , one other thing i struggle with is when to subjugate and who to subjugate when i am on trundle . 
  to me , i think he can be strong i jsut mentally struggle when and why to do it seeing as irecently picked him up again, 
  thank you so much !, 
  it 's awesome to see that my style of aggression can be replicated in success . 
  i 'll practice more . 
  what my take away is all decision must be sggessive . 
  from warding to executive to punishment, 
  have you ever seen what happened to marcus lattimore ? 
  his knee and my knee are roughly the same . 
  i was wrestling in a tournament in the sticks of nebraska across the country . 
  i was wrestling up because i was strong as a bull and my coach needed the body . 
  so , out comes a 275 pound kid against 210 pound me . 
  we start going and i 'm ahead by 6 . 
  i decided to take bottom for easy points to tech the guy . 
  well , he was pissed , so he clubbed my knee . 
  my knee did an impression of the letter l , then i watched it go from the left behind my knee and to the right . 
  i passed out after that . 
  i remember trying to stand up then blacking out . 
  it did n't hurt per say but my body blocked out the memory because the pain was so high . 
  ( doctor explained this to me ) . 
  i tore my pcl , fractured part of my femur , destroyed all cartilage under my knees , and to top it all off i shit my pants : c. 
  concrete jungle wet dream tomato - empire state of mind alicia keys, 
  as a born and bred new yorker i figure the wet dream tomatoes are referring to pizza . 
  as an aggressive top laner this makes me kinda excited . 
  i main renekton and wukong , so this damage buff allows me to play a lot more aggressive . 
  not even remotely sad . 
  dota has a rabid following and people donate asinine amounts of money to the pool . 
  i myself have donated 30 every year because i love dota so much . 
  if you want the prize to be bigger , monetize it .
