  as mentioned prior it was basically an all you can eat pizza orgie . 
  many kids grabbed a box and went to a table . 
  ham , was far different . 
  she grabbed two boxes of extra cheese pizzas and sat down with her moon-ions . 
  her moonions clamored for food . 
  she handed them a single box and they tore in . 
  it was like watching ravenous hyenas rip into their unwilling victim . 
  however , the matriarch here was beginning her feast . 
  she dug into a single pie along , polishing it off in mere minutes . 
  she then got up saying that it was a `` nice appetizer , you gals want more ? '' . 
  oh god i am going to [ yak ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/y3pwahz.gif ) . 
  she left , but came back with four boxes . 
  she handed two to the moon-ions and took two herself . 
  again , the group of hyenas ravaged the pizza . 
  it did n't stand a chance . 
  it may not be fat logic-y but it was an impressive display of fat . 
  to put this in perspective , ham ate 36 pieces of full pizza . 
  like , we are talking new york style pizza . 
  not papa johns or pizza dicks . 
  i could feel her watching me as she plowing through her own mountain of pizza . 
  i left with snaps former shells of ourselves . 
  we each ate a fair amount . 
  i 'll admit it . 
  a pie between the two of us , veggie pizza wo n't make us fat though tee ^ hee ^ really ^ hee . 
  ham then came up to me with a note . 
  handed it to me and winked . 
  she ambled off to her lair with another box of pizza . 
  i could feel the grease on the note . 
  the note read as follows . 
   dux , i saw your twig ca n't hold a stick to me . 
  i hope you were impressed . 
  i 'm all oily now , and truly ready for you . 
   i 'll leave my window unlocked my little batman . 
  * insert lipstick kiss lips stained with pizza blood *, 
  i gag at the thought of having to touch ham again . 
  we are ushered to our rooms . 
  now , i mentioned those little ledges that lined the floors in the garden ? 
  i hatched a plan . 
  snaps was in a room with one of my childhood friends . 
  i told them both , be quiet and ill assassin 's creed crawl my way over the balcony . 
  worst comes to worst , i fall two floors and climb into my window . 
  we wait until the delicate midnight hour and i begin my daring climb . 
  now i imagined i would be alone . 
  imagine my surprise when i hear `` hey you little wiggly man you . '', 
  i look up to see ham only in a shirt . 
  she was on a ledge too . 
  one floor up . 
  i tell her to get back in , i dropped something . 
   ham : tee ^ hee oh i 'll be dropping something too . 
   dux : ham seriously you 'll get hurt !, 
  she leans forward trying to grab me , except the laws of physics wanted to have none of that . 
  she slowly tumbles forward and collapses in the courtyard with a thud . 
  now i swear it was like a cartoon , the dirt shot up before my very eyes . 
  i was stunned , i jumped into my window and hid in bed . 
  security came to ham and she was banned from the ball . 
  she violated curfew . 
  however , i was to be blamed apparently . 
  i was dragged to the hall . 
   brimstone : you shut mouth and talk only if i beckon . 
  is understood . 
  i nod . 
   brimstone : the oaf on the third floor claims you torture her , you force her to jump window . 
  i not believe her , i think she have rotted mind . 
  you answer me yes or no . 
  i tell her how she wanted me to sneak in her room but i find her repugnant . 
  i showed her the note . 
  brimstone smirked . 
   brimstone : little piggy . 
  . i take care of this one . 
  you . . . 
  you stay in room and never speak of me being this again . 
  i give you mercy , you are lucky i do n't punish both . 
  you for having her wake me up . 
  brimstone thunders up the stairs and i hear the wails of you !!!!, 
  little pig come to me !, 
  i walk away with the sweetest of [ justice ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/fosc.gif ) ,, 
  the guard locked me in the room , but before he did he offered me advice . 
  `` hey , girls your age are weird . 
  learn to accept them . 
  even the crazy fat chicks . 
  trust me . '', 
  * turns to his partner * she can attest . 
  he chuckles and walks away . 
  i still snuck into my snap 's room that night . 
  we stayed up almost all night and talked about each other . 
  to the end , we became a couple that night . 
  i kinda succeeded . 
  i was happy . 
  ham was on probation for violation and misuse of security staff . 
  i was happy and had a newly acquired girlfriend . 
  it was finally turning around . 
  i know this was light ^ teehee on the fatlogic , but i am wrapping up the tales of ham-man-tha . 
  it 's coming to a close but i will continue to the point . 
  i felt like i need to vent these stories . 
  have a wonderful day shitlords, 
  what was your first experience at a college bar ? 
  loud , memorabilia of your alma mater on the wall , that one bar post that gets more booty than a toilet seat , or maybe even that moosehead hanging on a wall . 
  well , i 'll be happy to inform you i am the bouncer at that bar . 
  my job is to make sure id does n't look fake as a cz ring or boobs on sunset blvd. 
  in short , i will let you in , just be mature and stare me in the eyes .
