  as a rengar main i found this out by accident accdient few days . 
  asked a friend in d1 and he said nope that 's how it works . 
  i was giddy . 
  been steadily grinding since . 
  my elements flair updated in my league client , maybe the team will update and beat fnatic . 
  because . . . 
  . . fnatic smells bad and are a bunch of stinky neckbeards yeah . 
  you smell in particular rekkles . 
  shots will be fired bot . 
  prepare for el rektoning, 
  well you guys smell bad, 
  pls , we all know eu sun never sets . 
  giant smell bags . 
  you want world ? 
  3 dollar . 
  wrong region trashcan . 
  i 'm referring to the trashcan team fnatic but those too . 
  probably want to shower mr gnar . 
  high on the fact that elements will dominate . 
  viva la elements . 
  i believe promisq, 
  commenting so i can add you later , lower elo bronze jungle . 
  look forward to talking with you man . 
  interesting , i wan na see how a diamond rek ` sai plays . 
  i am bronze 4and would love advice . 
  ign same as reddit user . 
  hey !, 
  bronze 4 jungler here , took a long break . 
  spammed ranked thinking it would help . 
  surprise , it did n't took a break and am now breaking down my gameplay . 
  i am a rengar main by nature ( got me to silv 1 season 3 before i stopped playing ) . 
  would love to chat , 
  thanks for the response . 
  i unfortunately forgot to request replays on a lot fo games . 
  i have a few ideas what my issues are . 
  * dying too much , easy remedy is to scale back aggression . 
  * warding , aka just be mindful of wards . 
  * when jungle is the role i assume , deciding when to join a team or leave them dry . 
  i 'll see a bad fight break out and have a bad habit of saying yeah i 'm not dying for that and running away . 
  i 'd love to talk sometime through in game client or skype if you 're willing to help me !, 
  i mean , i try to main jungle or top . 
  i primarily play rengar , he was what got me to high silver when i first started . 
  so he is very comfortable for me , it 's just very team dependent . 
  i 've swapped to top lately because i feel like i can hard carry with irelia , jax , and the likes and just steam roll bronze in some games . 
  other games , i die too much and that happens but its all how we learn and grow . 
  thanks dude , you 're a great guy for this . 
  i mean , i have decent game knowledge . 
  i rank around 3k-4k elo in dota 2 , so i play mechanically fun champs . 
  i love jax ( off meta but stomps so hard ) , rengar , irelia , and vlad . 
  those are all my go to champs , . 
  it is n't about how much only . 
  it 's how much and how well you use it . 
  example . 
  i know approximately 1 kill and 40 cs is a sheen some pots and a ward . 
  you need to utilize your assets effectively and efficiently . 
  i 'm no midlaner so you do n't want to ask me though . 
  hope it helps , 
  exactly !, 
  people laugh when i go rengar top into for instance , irelia . 
  i know she is a tank late . 
  however , i know for a fact my early game is wayyyy better than hers . 
  abuse of the bushes and inflicting that fear of `` oh man , he 's gon na jump on me any second now . 
  nononononon please do n't . 
  ahh ! '', 
  is all i want to do . 
  same with jax . 
  nice job googling a counter , but you cant google me hiding then slapping you with an empowered fishing rod to death . 
  thanks dude !, 
  i know i 'm low elo but i hope my notes helped you !, 
  glad i can help , or maybe he did . 
  i hope i did at least , i do stuff sometimes . 
  is n't it the best ? 
  once you have sheen up , every one goes oh ho ho do n't you think you 're so tough . 
  oh my good lordie lou he hurts nopenopennopenope.exe, 
  i played dota 2 at a high elo for quite some time . 
  mechanics are n't the problem . 
  my issue is just the tactics behind it . 
  much less yolo dives in league compared to dota 2 . 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't realize league was so mental . 
  as mentioned prior , i played dota 2 at high elo and the mental games there were far different . 
  i guess , i have hope , 
  again . 
  i said my decisions are easily really really really bad after i analyzed my work . 
  again , i never claimed to be a challenger . 
  like you said , do n't like what you see ? 
  unsub and go elsewhere for advice . 
  this is advice people can relate to . 
  if you have no idea where to start , you look broad then narrow in . 
  the onus is on you, 
  edit : i 'm also just following up on a post i made weeks ago saying i 'll post my notes from when i stopped my normals to relearn league . 
  and maybe you can actually become a decent human being too . 
  i 'll see you in a year . 
  i 'll improve , do n't know about you though . 
  if this is the highlight of your day i 'm sorry for you . 
  at least i know i 'm happy . 
  you try to bring others to your level . 
  maybe i 'll teamup you sometime . 
  remember . 
  smile , there 's always tomorrow .
