  needless to say , her parents put me through the ringer . 
  her mom is a pharmacist and asked me frequently what am i going to do with my life . 
  i always had the same answer , get my degree , get a stable sales job , open a consulting agency , save my money then buyout and nfl team with my retirement money . 
  of course buying an nfl team is a pipedream , but i digress . 
  at first she laughed and said `` oh , okay . 
  well , good luck '' and laughed it off . 
  eventually she saw my work ethic when i start doing handyman repairs around the house , cleaning and preparing meals , while studying for exams . 
  she said this cemented her idea that i was a hard worker and wo n't give up . 
  her dad i won over for a funny reason , i did n't take his daughter 's shit and fought back . 
  most girls here get their way , they want x they probably get it . 
  when i started dating my so i immediately curbed that habit . 
  i came from a background where i had very little if anything . 
  you get a gift , that 's a gift for a reason , not just because i bought it on a whim . 
  she wants to go out when there is a nursing practical exam in a week ? 
  i will talk her down and say you probably want to study . 
  does she hate me for it ? 
  sure , but i 'll be damned if she does n't succeed in life . 
  anyway , the instance that cemented it for her father was recently my so said she wanted to go out downtown and party with her sorority sisters instead of study for a basic quiz . 
  i told her she said earlier that day she did n't want to even go out , she just does n't want to study . 
  i called her bluff right to her face in front of her parents . 
  they laughed , she got all huffy and said she changed her mind . 
  in turn , i called bullshit and said study then you can go out.he later pulled me aside and `` i 've never seen anyone stand up to her like you do , i really like you for that dux . 
  keep it up , we love you for that . '', 
  i want to marry their daughter , i just am scared her grand parents will have a fucking heart attack since i am the first `` yank '' to marry into the family . 
  tl ; dr : i am a driven college student with a stable career path and i do n't take my girlfriend 's shit . 
  maybe your comment is confusing me but am i being called a shit ? 
  i personally doubt this . 
  i 'm trying to give you the benefit of the doubt here dude . 
  this is pretty true , i feel like warlock will pick up steam again along with priest . 
  kind of faulty logic to assume this is normal ? 
  you are telling me you are so calm you would n't ever bad mouth another player based on emotion ? 
  seems kind of hypocritical . . 
  ggwp, 
  it seems like you trying to pick a fight where there is n't one . 
  it almost seems like a righteous crusade to white knight against what many refer to as `` cancer decks '' . 
  so , judging by your response i can only `` assume '' you play those decks , have a nice day . 
  `` typical response ? '', 
  you are seriously white knighting over past behavior ? 
  also , hello pot , meet kettle . 
  you falsely assume i am not resentful of how i acted . 
  you assume because i defended myself once you launched your vengeful crusade against me i am a piece of shit . 
  but that 's fine , i can assume you will bring your crusade to other subreddits . 
  r/whiteknighting called , it 's for you . 
  the best decision i made was remaining fiercely competitive and protective of my future and things i love . 
  as a college junior i would always worry about what i had to do next to advance myself , so i was part of everything and any organization that peaked my interests . 
  my girlfriend at the time noticed i was always stressed out and said i should talk to someone i respect about stress management . 
  i went to my marketing professor and asked , what do i do ? 
  i felt like i was running in circles daily . 
  he told me two things that ignited a fire in my gut and basically turned me into the business man i am today . 
  he told me `` dux , there are two thing you 'll learn in this life . 
  people really do n't give a shit if you succeed they want to see you fail . 
  ** you ca n't be everything to everybody , you 'll never sell ** . 
  secondly , ** there is a difference between doing what is required and adding value . 
  ** '' this sent me on a rampage of doing what i liked and making me protect my future . 
  i made sure i stood out in class and in the job market . 
  i 'm happily employed now , i own my own gym and i married the girl who kicked my ass into shape and reminded me why i need to fight everyday to keep my life on track . 
  otherwise , hell , i could end up like my old friends . 
  i think if you add shades you 'll have some wild success . 
  do n't be afraid to trade a shade for a mech-warper . 
  i have done it more times than i would like to admit . 
  thanks buddy !, 
  i do run sneed 's , i feel that lobber is a nice counter card to the aggressive style of play in this meta . 
  most decks dont run cards over 4 health is they play beatdown . 
  bomber is a quick counter measure to all that . 
  but i will test harrison . 
  bomb lobber is a neat tech vs the aggro heavy matchups . 
  at worst , it is a 3/3 that effectively removes 1 minion from the board . 
  that is a nice swing for a warrior . 
  take this example to heart , you are playing a mech mage and you have death 's bite equipped . 
  he has mech gnome , mechwarper , and a spidertank out . 
  you take our the gnome . 
  now you have a 50/50 chance to remove the mechwarper . 
  at worst , you remove the spider tank the trade into the warper . 
  it is a nice boost to you to press an advantage . 
  armorsmiths are a win condition for me at least . 
  if the opponent can not easily remove the smith , armor piles up and it gets out of control . 
  for instance , i turn 4 armorsmith task master . 
  now my smith is out of backstab range . 
  i love smith and at most would cut 1 . 
  i think antique healbot does n't work in warrior as of late . 
  her name is megan , she is over at xyz . 
  she knows your past . 
  she loves you , trust her with you life . 
  she trusts you with hers , you are expecting a baby with her . 
  do n't be scared . 
  tl : dr if it is control . 
  save them both then turn 2 wild growth . 
  if it 's aggro do the same generally unless you can tell you 're going to get swarmed . 
  hey buddy !, 
  i play midrange druid to around rank 5 consistently and always find if i have those cards in my hand , i sit on them . 
  if i can , maybe if i am feeling greedy i will wild growth turn 1 . 
  however , i am a firm believer the coin is a massive + to druids . 
  i personally keep it regardless of the matchup . 
  i did the normal 's route and ironed out my holy trinity ( vi , nautilus , rek ` sai/rengar tbd ) . 
  i am just more confused about a few basic things maybe . 
  i am reading up on summoner school atm . 
  maybe my biggest question is , how do you convince your teammates to buy wards and actually follow up . 
  i am using the `` hey , that gank could have gone really well if we synced up '' . 
  not the `` omg stupid noob follow up on my l33t ganks '' . 
  i am starting to use my hearthstone tricks to get better .
