  you always get on their level ( i 'm a big guy , i 'm 6 ' 5 '' 215 mudrunning machine ) and ask what they like . 
  even if you hate it you 'll play with the kids . 
  she cited an example with her cousin , ryon . 
  she 's 12 , fiesty , and loves to play soccer . 
  she is uber competitive and has grown attached to me . 
  ( i take her out for ice cream and blast metallica in the car with her , sue me i 'm basically her uncle at this point ) . 
  anyway , one day she says she wants to try out for goalie . 
  so i go to the field with her and let her practice fielding shots . 
  the field is by my girlfriends clinical hospital . 
  she gets off work to see her cousin go `` you shoot like a girl '' . 
  so , being the mature adult i am , i start rifling shots at her . 
  she is throwing her body into it and said he feels sore . 
  i told the girl `` if you can stop full power shots from a 20 something man , you can stop them from a 13 year old girl . 
  now go kick ass at practice tomorrow . 
  let 's get an ice cream . 
  do n't tell girlfriend and mom . '', 
  `` can we play your rap cd 's today ? '', 
  `` sure . 
  do n't tell girlfriend , she thinks it 's bad for you . '', 
  she learned , thought it was cute . 
  got in trouble for buying her ice cream and playing 2-pac , biggie , snoop , and other rappers in the car with a twelve year old . 
  tl ; dr - i am a kid at heart and treat younger kids with respect . 
  she thinks it 's adorable and i can be a good dad . 
  i want to be a better dad than my dad was and he was an amazing father in my eyes . 
  girlfriend has been taking the pill since she was 15 . 
  we started dating 3 years ago . 
  i am her first boyfriend , she took it even when she was meeting guys just to be safe . 
  i was sent here for this . 
  round and round i go , where it wo n't get removed . 
  nobody knows . 
  if he is into ufc i would suggest an official shirt that runs about 50 bucks and looks pretty sweet . 
  [ find his favorite fighter and go to town !, 
  male reporting in . 
  it totally stinks using condoms . 
  girlfriend and i stopped using them one night after a party ( she 's on the pill ) . 
  after months of no condoms i was so happy . 
  easier to get off . 
  less trouble , it felt more intimate . 
  we tried with condoms when she missed a pill . 
  holy smokes , we both realize how much it sucked . 
  she got off after a painfully long time . 
  i did n't at all . 
  we were n't intimate that month and that sucked . 
  overall . 
  as a guy i had my reservations . 
  but i want to spend my life with her . 
  if we mess up . 
  it 's my fault . 
  we are safe though . 
  i feel so much closer with her without condoms though !, 
  hello fellow male !, 
  i mean , if you understand where i am coming from , i am not romantic but i wear my heart on my sleeve . 
  i am passionate about my interests . 
  she understands i am not romantic , however , her wish was for me to try a little harder this year . 
  no practical stuff that she needs etc etc. 
  that 's what i did , anniversary cutesie gift , birthday something she wants/needs . 
  so this year i am combining the two . 
  oh god jesus in heaven . 
  better learn another assassin jungle . 
  being a rengar main it 's tough . 
  * a ) that sister fister nightpoop3 is playing rengar a ton . 
  his streamers say `` i can do that lolz ez wins rite guyz '' . 
  they die 80 times `` rengar is stupid and does n't work ! '' . 
  two games , later . 
  a rengar main ( that 's us boys ) stomps the ** shit ** out of them . 
  `` rengar is op ban him !!! '', 
  * b ) i 'm currently low - mid gold but he does n't get banned . 
  but mother of fucking god do i get flamed so hard for picking him . 
  their team comp could be a wet paper bag with a kick me sign and i would get flamed for not going tanky . 
  * c ) why the fuck do people flame me for not getting randy 's . 
  holy fuck let me build how i want . 
  tilt/rant over, 
  seriously . 
  this guy is such a goon on espn ny . 
  all he does is dump on the jets with his `` well the pats do it better ! '', 
  attitude . 
  edit : hate all you want , the dude will not give ny a fair shake of the stick . 
  it 's an opinion for a reason . 
  i mean i take his advice/ny commentary with a grain of salt . 
  i realize he is a national voice . 
  i just think he was a little jilted by ny and gave no teams a fair shake . 
  money is not the issue !, 
  i just prefer not to buy flowers . 
  grandma has a green thumb to the max . 
  her flowers are special to me so i just welp . 
  i prefer those flowers . 
  sadly they may die in a twelve hour car ride . 
  i have a lot of connections that helped me so this wo n't break my college level budget !, 
  being an e-sports fan too , i found it funny that he said he 'd quit before espn covers another `` stupid video game tournament '' . 
  espn is about to supposedly announce coverage of the league of legends and dota 2 world championships . 
  well , at least collin held his word true . 
  i am hoping that being two months apart and young aids in the dropping . 
  but , being female and saying this would work . 
  why not , grandma would surely help out the girl . 
  better yet , i bet i can send her birthday flowers `` just because '' . 
  psi169 you sly dog you i got a plan in motion . 
  thanks !, 
  i just hope i do n't burn it . 
  last birthday i tried to be suave and make breakfast in bed . 
  instead , i made breakfast and call the fire department because i started a grease fire , burnt my hand , and almost burned down your house .
