  at least on my warrior for wls . 
  once i get my lock up i can help your other toons if you want . 
  that was my opinion . 
  i figured pain train is a 1 minute `` kill kill kill '' button . 
  meanwhile shadow gives way more pressure when coupled with echo . 
  maybe the guy was just a nutter . 
  really ? 
  i have n't tried running trauma . 
  why do you like trauma and when ? 
  is it for the huge overlap with battle cry ? 
  genuinely confused why anger management ? 
  what is the priority for pain train over shadow ? 
  i am so curious . 
  i have heard many warriors running trauma and pain train in turbo . 
  i just saw them to be inferior at 1800 atm . 
  if you want to run ret rogue horde , i am a sin rogue since bc around 2k exp 1800 this season . 
  fell a bit to 1700 but would love to sync up . 
  i love the advice !, 
  can we sync up and go over warrior information and theory craft ? 
  pm me your info . 
  my rogue is around your cr so if you want rogue help ? 
  i am still working out warrior techniques to break 2.2 : c, 
  at works , do n't have btag on hand . 
  but i play arms dedicated and i am levelling an affliction lock . 
  would love to sync up, 
  what runes are y' all running now ? 
  i 've seen ad/scaling hp/cdr / ad quints . 
  seems funky but could work, 
  hey man , i 'll pm you after work . 
  my rogue are warrior are both sitting around 1800-1700 ball park . 
  1900 was peak this season and tapped out around 2.2 in panda . 
  if you want , i 'll happily play turbo/rls with you . 
  i personally am playing rmp , but to my experience they are very similar . 
  to echo below , cc is paramount . 
  as the rogue i am flying around the map sapping , blinding , kidney locking , and if they arent cc 'd . 
  which is rare . 
  i kick the cast then wait to cc again . 
  cc creates counter pressure . 
  the amount of damage you do , as mentioned below , is negligible compared to the likes of tsg and turbo . 
  but when done well . 
  you burn people . 
  if you are new to rogue , i suggest going sin . 
  especially if you arent using comms . 
  i prefer it solely because of the raw power it offers and how fast you can take down your kill target . 
  if you feel more comfy , i suggest sub . 
  control is king !, 
  mw main here , i tend to float majority of my healing around the team . 
  with dot comps you want to watch for the final push for a kill . 
  eg ; when the enemy team is preparing to line up cc and dump ua/sp dots to spike a target for a kill . 
  as / u/dakkoott said , you need to dispell on cd . 
  there can be a point of no return for ua dispells . 
  but if they stack on the kill target 3 + uas , they have won the match . 
  rot comps are meant to slowly burn you down and as a healer it is my bloody bane of my existence . 
  i personally do , if i am feeling like i am the kill target ( which you may well be ) i tend to take diffuse as well . 
  the priority for me is dispelling on command . 
  para sweeping targets is also a major pressure relief too . 
  feel free to pm me if you need more help . 
  hey buddy ,, 
  i 'm a mw main who plays in that time frame . 
  i 'm est as well . 
  i ca n't recall my btag but i will pm you post work hours today . 
  look forward to playing !, 
  to be specific i 've always been melee because of how my buddies and i played . 
  i was always into hyper mobility of the rogue . 
  lately i have really liked how affliction is . 
  especially since i play mw as is . 
  thanks for input !, 
  i 'd heal rlchi . 
  currently around 1550 with few honor talents . 
  once i get the talents i 'll hit you up, 
  ca n't agree more here . 
  i have played sin since bc when i was younger . 
  i still like it now , but you have to be way more cautious . 
  sub overall hits harder which makes me sad . 
  in addition to what muffit said , make sure you are holding vendetta for when you are ready to exsang burst someone . 
  it will make your life a little easier !, 
  i 've found more success with exsang , but i see your point . 
  what 's your stance on poisoner vs elaborate ? 
  great explaination . 
  i primarily play 3s in rm/x / , at least when i am not healing . 
  i have been running mp but will try ep . 
  i can assume you change based on scenario . 
  i really like sin , but have hope it will come back . 
  slowly investing in sub . 
  almost done with all sin traits . 
  to echo of the comment , i am a mw who got around 2.2 in panda . 
  just jumped back on my horde mw . 
  i will happily heal tsg . 
  think so ? 
  we did a little rls yesterday and it worked amazingly . 
  fear into a full kidney was so great for a kill setup . 
  thanks for the advice, 
  sweet . 
  what 's your tag ? 
  i 'll add you, 
  hey buddy !, 
  i 'm levelling a warlock on alliance and will happily push wls  let me know !, 
  pm me if you 'd like . 
  i felt the same way about incarn . 
  it just was ... so clunky .
