  exp 2.2 panda sin - 1800 uhdk | current cr : 1600 / level 101, 
  pretty much looking for someone to grind out 2.2 with a sin rogue . 
  i know how to pressure and am pretty diligent about swapping targets . 
  feel free to pst me any questions !, 
  sin dk hpal is really strong . 
  i 've been looking for an hpal who wants to grind . 
  i 'm us horde if you 're interested ( i 'm a sin rogue ), 
  good plan !, 
  thanks !, 
  good point , i 'll keep dotting and rotting up . 
  will do once i get home , looking forward to it !, 
  1800 sin rogue been playing it since van if you want a rot comp pm me, 
  if possible , sin rogue here for mongo . 
  currently at 1800 cr looking to break 2.2 curse . 
  would love to help pm me for an after work grind, 
  pm me and let 's try and play tonight !, 
  i 'm coming back to arms this xpac after putting my warrior down for a bit . 
  what comps do you run ? 
  on my rogue we went straight mongo arms sin monk . 
  hard to live through that burst . 
  what is your advice here ? 
  former mw main , just kicking off my arms warrior now . 
  he 's 107 but once i am 110 and up to steam i 'd love to jump in !, 
  i also have a 110 sin rogue at 1.8 atm . 
  i can flop to sub if necessary too . 
  are you going to run arms or rogue ? 
  because i play both lol . 
  edit : i am apparently very stupid and realized my rogue is the only one who is 110 . 
  i 'll dm you later , i am a arms/rogue . 
  i dropped my mw but i may pick it up again . 
  1900 cr on rogue , warrior is about to be fresh 110 . 
  jesus christ lol . 
  i have been spamming my rogue but feel like i am ramming my face into a meat grinder when people lose their mind over `` omg you did n't blind '' . 
  what . 
  but do you forsee arms buffs in the future ? 
  i got a few ally , but primarily roll horde lol . 
  1800 cr sin rogue and almost got a war to 110 for wls . 
  highest was 2.2 , would love to go higher !, 
  that is a great point , i have a 110 mw , but i am awful at ww . 
  sin rogue has been my main since i started way back when , but i ca n't wrap my head around ww . 
  what do you see as the ceiling for tsg ? 
  on average we reach 2.4 using rogue/hunter rogue/ret etc etc. 
  from the research i have done i heard warrior is just a glorified grey screen simulator : c, 
  i think my problem is maximizing rotations on ww , it 's a total shift from healing . 
  warrior is something i have always played , but we will see how it runs . 
  i feel like ava-cry into dk burst may be tough to survive , sans hpal/mw . 
  with twd , how do you maintain uptime ? 
  is it through maximizing `` combo '' uptime so you have higher output ? 
  figured twd is far stronger , i just eat shit when i play monk . 
  i probably just need to practice . 
  warrior was just so comfortable for myself . 
  thank you for reinstalling confidence in arms . 
  my question is why am i seeing such a shift from overpower to dauntless ? 
  i am all about it . 
  i was just wondering if you had any experience using dauntless . 
  maybe it 's better vs. caster cleaves ? 
  i know i personally enjoy warbringer vs mongo and stormbolt vs caster . 
  playing cookie cutter makes you really on dimension in my eyes . 
  i saw a few in the 2k-2 .2 mmr range when i was grinding on my rogue running it . 
  one told me it was ideal vs mongo cleave , which i found unfathomably hard to believe . 
  it may be for a focused rage build , but focused rage seems abyssmal for pvp . 
  seems like a tad of an over-reaction . 
  i will be the first to admit they were super overtuned . 
  i totally understand sacrificing damage for raw power , but sin rogues were blatantly too powerful . 
  hold fast and it is fine . 
  i 'm going to step in here and agree with fox . 
  i play a rogue and war since van . 
  it is brutal playing as a warrior . 
  we really succeed in tsg , but even then i am waiting to spam execute . 
  we 're around 2.2-2 .3 mmr and god damn playing a warrior is like grey screen simulator . 
  it sucks ass sometimes . 
  i will also be the first to admit playing my sin rogue ( rip coldblood sin i will always miss you ) was freelo . 
  like jesus christ it is so busted . 
  i was floored at how much raw damage rogues did without getting too punished . 
  still am sad how harshly they got gutted . 
  both my favorite classes got crushed . 
  hamstring pls, 
  tsg is always a viable option . 
  a buddy of mine are running tsg on ally and have had some good druids to keep us topped off while we punish other healers . 
  i am glad i have the basic idea . 
  i am just growing tired of ramming my face into things as a warrior and hoping they drop . 
  warlock seems challenging but i feel like the challenge stems from your relative durability and faking out mongos . 
  as a former mw i think it should be a decent transition . 
  i really appreciate this insight !, 
  in terms of dot management do you mentally count down or just monitor with tidy plates . 
  mw was so faceroll thru mop and wod . 
  i feel legion made it a shade less rollish . 
  its more maintaining hots uptime . 
  maybe that skill will transfer . 
  are you ally/na ? 
  i have horde too , would love to sync up if you 're dedicated to pushing . 
  wls is pretty oppressive now iirc . 
  pm your info and i 'll hit you up after work . 
  quick question for you in this tsg interation . 
  i have been steadily climbing while ignoring pain train . 
  however , yesterday i had some dk lose his unholy mind about the lack of pain train . 
  this was around 1700 cr . 
  what are your thoughts on pain train ? 
  wild question , are you on ally or na ? 
  i 'd love to sync up for a few games .
