  if he said hey i am a mod and i have xyz they do n't run it that is fine , but just saying stfu you 're wrong does n't answer the question . 
  all i wanted to know is i have seen ghost on the streams . 
  why is it run , is it good . 
  simple . 
  he did n't display any credentials or show anything besides slapping several op.gg links together . 
  that 's a small leap in terms of logic . 
  frankly i do n't memorize the mod lists of the channels . 
  i watch solely to learn rengar . 
  if he brought any data besides the op.gg that 'd be fine . 
  it took me two seconds to google bestrengarna , look at his youtube channel and see the ghost game in particular . 
  edit : he further proved my point by posting a link that had the first game as ghost lol . 
  link for clarity : http://na.op.gg/summoner/username=innkeeper+kote, 
  on innkeeper kote the first game is ghost from four days ago lol . 
  there that 's all i was looking to say . 
  secondly it 's not one game . 
  i have seen several games . 
  i did n't say why is he running it every single game . 
  i said have seen them taking ghost . 
  you 're explicitly doing what you 're saying i did by assuming i think it means every game . 
  it does n't , within the past five days there are more than a few ghost games . 
  that is enough to determine it a minute trend maybe an anomaly . 
  regardless of the point , he threw a link right at me that had a ghost game at the top . 
  i simply asked why do they take ghost . 
  i know flash is exclusively better in 99 % of cases . 
  the question is answered , i have tested ghost myself . 
  it 's over . 
  it still proves you do little to no research and set yourself up for loss buddy . 
  i am kinda scared if you are modding the twitch channel , seeing as you can gloss over detail so easily . 
  fair enough . 
  let 's give it a whirl . 
  playing a lot of rengar in ranked 5s i have seen teams sweep the group before they think a rengar will jump . 
  any advice as rengar to beat the group up ? 
  or is it just a waiting game ? 
  do you just need to bide you time and wait for the perfect moment to pounce . 
  point still stands . 
  it has been run , you did n't do any research and blatantly ignored the games . 
  enjoy your day dude . 
  i think the question has been answered , hopefully i do n't have the pleasure of talking to you again . 
  they have you just need to look back a good bit , but okay boss whatever you say . 
  the point remains that they have taken it . 
  you are seriously running in circles . 
  `` but he did it one time !, 
  it totally does n't count '' sure it does . 
  you are scrambling for any defense you can . 
  it 's whatever dude . 
  enjoy your little ego high . 
  edit : also you ca n't take a hint apparently . 
  you just are on a crusade to have me say `` omg you 're right i give in ! '' . 
  i wo n't do that . 
  so take a hint , this debate is over . 
  go attempt to get under someone else 's skin . 
  you obviously do n't watch with much detail . 
  you have a pattern of it , 
  he got steam rolled . 
  it was not pretty . 
  yeah ... 
  i was like oh wow shook took gar . 
  then as i watched i was like you 're maxing w next . 
  what in the fuck . 
  oh my god he does n't know the combo . 
  that was my biggest knock . 
  his combos were shoddy at best . 
  warding he has little control over . 
  you can only counter ward so much . 
  but still . 
  he did n't really combo well . 
  it 's funny because when people try to play against me ( been playing catman since s3 ) i just do weird ganks and am not hyper aggressive . 
  if someone else picks rengsr i assume it basically dekar incarnate and i just go jax . 
  i 'm the worst . 
   fairly new to rengar . 
  what do you mean by the combo ? 
  is n't it empowered q ult , qweq ? 
  or am i a scrub ? 
  no no not a scrub . 
  ult empower q ghostblade , w e hydra q. 
  normally they are dead by the time you land . 
  i play rengar more than i 'd like to admit . 
  but , if there is one uncommon top i hate seeing it 's quinn . 
  that blind poops all over me . 
  however , being a rengar top player , once i hit six i chuckle and say game on . 
  if you do n't respect ganks you 're totally f ` ed . 
  in lower elo i 'd see quinn waddle top . 
  harass early . 
  laugh in my face . 
  i 'd farm til six . 
  wait . 
  then jump combo and win hard by roaming . 
  basically quinn top to me is niche but a damn good niche, 
  i truly think shyv , noc and jax will destroy with new dev . 
  however , being a rengar fanboy , i want to test rengar with devourer . 
  its ^ for ^ science ^ boyz, 
  but it 's just for kisses . 
  this needs to be higher . 
  werlyb demands the jax ban or he will completely dumpster the other toplaner . 
  i am a huge eu lcs fan and if a team does n't ban jax you immediately go `` oh christ , you gave werlyb a huge weapon '' . 
  if you want to see , in my humble opinion , the best jax player watch werlyb . 
  he is terrifying on jax there is almost no stopping him . 
  in particular , watch sk vs giants from this summer split . 
  they made the mistake of saying `` so what if you get jax ? '' . 
  in short , they got dismantled thanks to that .
