  cops knew me , i call them a lot because of bar fights and such . 
  in the end , they told me to just calm down , keys are keys , do n't be a dipshit . 
  tl ; dr : i was tired as hell after 10 hours of working in a college bar , morning security guard thought i was trying to break into my apartment . 
  cops realize it 's me . 
  they laugh apologize and leave me with a warning . 
  i took my niece to a brooklyn nets game , i have been a die hard nj net fan since i grew up . 
  we are sitting next to an african american family . 
  i tell my niece to look , the players are on the court . 
  little girl is very observant . 
  she turns to me and loudly asks `` captain_dux , why are there only black guys on the court . 
  the white people sit on the bench , did they do bad ? '', 
  the african american guy next to me was almost in tears watching me defuse that time bomb of a child . 
  edit : yes , i know i can say black . 
  however , i grew up in an area where people got upset being called black . 
  i mean . 
  i grew up in a black extremist neighborhood . 
  whites arw the minirity . 
  so i was taught the aa over calling them black . 
  or people who grew up in mega trashy and hood neighborhoods with black extremists like me, 
  i kinda told her politely , uh you see they arent good . 
  they other men are just ... better ... 
  im just over 23 . 
  my parents grew up during the riots in the bronx . 
  so rap music was almost banned . 
  it caused horrible flashback . 
  any rb or `` riot music '' was forbade . 
  god let alone i had a black friend , he was a do no wrong kid . 
  my parents were traumatized by our asshole neighbors/neighborhood . 
  i mean , i have learned in recent years to say black people . 
  once we moved out of the little microcosm of hatred , it was okay . 
  i was just raised around the extremist end of the spectrum so , i was conditioned to say african american essentially or there would be literal hell to pay . 
  well played . 
  hahaha . 
  i kind of want you to say this to the extremists . 
  there was no reasoning with them . 
  im well aware skin color does not denote origin . 
  however , growing up around what i did , littttle bit different . 
  yeah , it was a rough time . 
  again , no . 
  i grew up in a not so nice neighborhood where i had black extremists . 
  if she said that i would probably bribe her with candy and soda to shut up . 
  not above bribery . 
  knowing that someone or something wo n't come back . 
  i wo n't set sappy , but i 'd be damned if i could n't just have one more day with a certain person i remember . 
  i worked as an ra during uni . 
  we got paid approximately $ 400 a month . 
  my first week of being an ra made me realize , $ 400 monthly and reduced room and board was not equal compensation for being an ra . 
  first thursday night of the semester , im on rounds . 
  i walked into the stairwell and low and behold , a drunk college student , no biggie , shoo shoo off to bed with you you !, 
  right ? 
  nope , i went closer to him and realized he was taking a massive shit in the stairwell . 
  i was frozen in fear , i called my boss and just said `` what . 
  the . 
  do i do . '', 
  his answer ? 
  when he is done with his sticky business , pull him aside , write him up . 
  then puppy dog watch the shit til night maintenance gets there . 
  i stood there for an hour body guarding someone else 's shit ( literally ) until night maintenance cleaned it up . 
  the only reaction i had watching this was the same as the gentleman in the video , jesus . 
  if you i 'd make sneeds , he has insane value !, 
  if you do n't have sylvanas . 
  can confirm , i play mainly pay to win warrior . 
  thank you for the honest answer . 
  i got legend in the first naxx season with ctrl warrior . 
  i know the plays to make , i just feel like the mech-meta runs over me unless i draw early game blockers . 
  i recently dropped sludge belchers from my deck because they were slow . 
  i run sneeds and boom , but i also run two shield maidens , interesting take . 
  ill post my deck once i have a moment . 
  i am posting from mobile at the moment and doing a little deck crafting on pen and paper . 
  i do not really run sheeps , sidenote . 
  interesting take . 
  i really like this advice , i almost scrapped my warrior entirely ( 500 + wins , what was i thinking ! ) . 
  i guess i started to doubt every move i made despite knowing it was correct . 
  i see tons of zoo . 
  sheep may be good injunction with whirlwind, 
  hi buddy , 2k exp mw here . 
  want to give this a shot  . 
  pm me if you would like to follow up !, 
  thanks !, 
  the curse of when you gamble on a fart or a poop , the immediate opposite happens . 
  more like a violent shart . 
  the dark knight . 
  i am a huge batman sucker , gosh so much nostalgia . 
  there are two major things she deals with . 
  to start , my mom is borderline loopy . 
  she is allergic to virtually everything by nature of the television . 
  news flash , hormones in milk !, 
  oh lawd i am allergic to hormones . 
  this christmas . 
  she at one point yelled at my girlfriend how she was going to break out in hives for buying the wrong milk because it was n't hormone free . 
  mom proceeded to eat a sleeve of oreos and down 1/4 of the gallon . 
  second thing she endures are protein shake farts . 
  my god these are brutal . 
  i drink an fairly natural protein shake that my doctor showed me . 
  however , they come with a brutal bout of farts . 
  after a good workout , i am farting like all hell broke out . 
  she 's definitely the one i want to marry , i am just glad she bites the bullet with me . 
  i asked my so 's mom and dad why i won them over and their answer was fairly startling to me . 
  i 'm a jersey boy who spent a lot of his time growing up in the bad part of the bronx ( i swear , please bear with me this is pertinent information ) and i am dating the youngest daughter of a southern family that has lived in the state upwards of 300 years . 
  this family is well known by name everywhere in the state , so when i came into the picture , they were at first mortified i was ( a `` yankee '' ) was dating this beautiful southern belle .
