  hey derrickd26 , can i send an email today ? 
  sure you can for the lovely price of 4.95 . 
  go to a restaurant , excuse me i did n't order this . 
  yes you did . 
  fine , you ordered no printers . 
  recently , i was coming to my university town to visit my girlfriend of two years plus . 
  i was stuck in the airport for two hours because of a huge thunderstorm . 
  it was awful , i work in ny so i sat in traffic for 3 hours to get the the airport . 
  i had n't eaten since noon and it was already 11pm by the time i got off the plane . 
  my girlfriend , in the time she waited for me bought me two things . 
  the first was a little bracelet she found that had my name on it ( i never find things with my name on it ) and the second was a sandwich the way i liked from a restaurant across town . 
  i never felt so happy off of such a small thing . 
  she knew exactly how to turn my crappy afternoon into a wonderful night . 
  i really love that girl . 
  also side purchase that i immediately love , i got her a kitten named stevie ( originally after stevie nicks , but then i learned stevie had a pee-pee so he 's named after stevie wonder ) . 
  he was going to a good home , he was like 6 weeks old when i got him . 
  5 bucks never spent so good . 
  except , the little shit hat keeps biting my toes . 
  would you say that the skill i have on rengar will translate decently ? 
  i understand the isolation mechanic ( but how hard can that be to learn ) and mana dependancy , but after watching top streamers play him i think he can be really strong . 
  i like the positive remarks , i am seeing a good bit of negativity but what can you do ? 
  see he has the right idea . 
  `` i jim bob am a total loser boobhead - hahah this was not jevans102 . '', 
  this made me spit out my water at my desk . 
  damnit , now i have to clean my desk and i still have comcast . 
  but you could be the greater good !, 
  so i ask you the same thing , can i pick him and correlate some rengar knowledge seamlessly ? 
  very interesting , i have been noticing that with nb3s kha play style . 
  he seems to jump in . 
  slap the target silly , then stealth say hmmmm i can get this , then kill the target . 
  or conversely say `` no way im gon na die '' then bail . 
  so the ult can be used as a get out of jail card and nice initiation , if i stand corrected . 
  ok thanks . 
  [ op today ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpnzirsnzlk ), 
  this happens with rengar too : ` c. 
  but , one the bright side i normally take my target down with me . 
  nothing brings me more joy then someone saying in all chat `` woah '' after one shotting them, 
  exact what i have been doing , might step onto what i always called the dark side ( sorry die hard rengar fan here ) and see what i can do !, 
  i 'd never build mallet in rengar . 
  rengar main here , you are wasting stats . 
  tank gar is not too effective also . 
  if you like knife cat go with a more damage oriented approach . 
  dekar makes nice guides about it . 
  overall if you do want to go tanks . 
  black cleaver randy visage are 100 better than mallet . 
  your bola does mallets job but way better . 
  does anyone think the irish would n't survive . 
  they are way too nice to kill and would be your best friend . 
  give us a few drinks and it 's a brawl . 
  given a few drinks i doubt the brit would have time to pull a trigger if the irish saw him . 
  source : am irish , do not like brits, 
  just make the wall a gigantic calzone . 
  put peppers and onions in it . 
  i 'd be done in a few hours . 
  source : new yorker here , i can eat a ton of pizza related product . 
  this is startling to say the least . 
  maybe japan is full of vampires and refuse to see sunlight . 
  has anyone thought of this theory . 
  in all seriousness , is this a cognitive issue or is it rather a social defect ? 
  well spoken . 
  i can understand the pressures to succeed in school but this seems dramatic . 
  to me ( us view , traveled a bit ) this is a ringing bell that says `` we have a major problem '' . 
  i am glad japan is attempting to address the issue . 
  one solution that came to mind for me was making resources such as psychologists more available and accepted . 
  i am not aware if this will conflict with the notion of japanese people holding their pride though . 
  something just misfires in my brain when i see patron warrior , i have been playing control since season 1 . 
  it is a longggg time . 
  me and garrosh go way back even in the days when control was awful . 
  i am debating adding nefarian and revenge in there . 
  nefarian because holy f ` ing value and revenge seems to be good vs face and zoo . 
  thoughts ? 
  hard to take a mobile screen shot but i 'll try !, 
  i am currently working a graveyard shift so let me see !, 
  edit : also it 's not that i feel dirty , it 's just i do n't like the style it 's not me if you understand what i mean ? 
  i just dislike the everyone get in ` ere strategy . 
  i understand it is difficult to master but that just doesnt fit my style unfortunately . 
  i love control because it is strong and so punishing late . 
  nah , it 's not about the easy climb . 
  i prefer the grind . 
  i just do n't fit the patron play style . 
  my most aggressive deck is combo druid ( at the time ) and i bet that is outdated as hell . 
  mobile is being a butthat so here is the list from hearthpwn :, 
  hope this helps , possible subs are revenge for another smith , and dr. balanced for baron geddon, 
  not for long god damnit , i still believe . 
  got zyra as a mystery gift ? 
  where do i start ? 
  pretty much , i think the rest of europe is kinda cool . 
  we 're over the whole norwegian and scandinavian thing . 
  where is proof ? 
  it 's here boys . 
  not really a rivalry , more just what used to be a mutual dislike . 
  now-a-days people are grand toward one another . 
  however , way back when there was quite a bickering about who owned what parts of ireland and religious freedoms . 
  it 's a cool bit of history if you want to read up on it !, 
  boobs m ` lord !, 
  this updated needed more boobs m ` lord !, 
  i mean , that was the ira after it changed . 
  the original ira was set apart to lead by example and show we can maintain our own freedom . 
  the ` terrorist ' attacks and riots were incited by a revamped and terrorist cell of the ira . 
  irish republican army .
