  in regards to starting items , go machete and 3 pots . 
  i try to use only 2 pots on the buff monster then immediately rotate to skuttle , build up ferocity and roar your way back to high health . 
  your final build should mirror something like this . 
  warrior , youmoos , lucidity ( if youre high on cdr take mobis !!!!, 
  ) , hydra , triforce , rapid fire cannon . 
  come to / r/rengarmains and we would love to welcome you to the pride !, 
  not sure why it 's down voted . 
  this subreddit got me from bronze to high gold just using rengar . 
  i think this problem extends beyond league of legends dude . 
  you may wan na take a break from lol . 
  do n't listen to those nasty keyboard crusader haters . 
  you need to make sure you 're okay . 
  seek help and make sure you 're okay before engaging in league !, 
  i 've been there but the tip is making sure you 're head is straight before taking que on . 
  i am a salesmen by career so i learned to tune out nasty crap thrown at me and take no as just a temporary not yes . 
  it changes . 
  / r/rengarmains welcome home, 
  i think it 'd rubbish . 
  you can learn how to play around it and adapt to the game . 
  not too much came when everyone cried for months about juggernauts just `` scaling balance '' . 
  sure i 'm a rengar main for quite some time , but there are countless ways to play around rengar . 
  are we ready for a novel idea ? 
  stop solo farming a lane when myself or the hundreds of other rengar mains are 8-0 with our core about ready . 
  if we tiamat and ghostblade do n't go alone . 
  just do n't . 
  it 's a hell of a lot harder to burst 1 and run from another than just pick off the person blindly marching to lane . 
  this is my sleeper mid pick !, 
  i grt flamed a lot though :(, 
  i just wonder where it fits in my tank nuild . 
  i use it in a straight burst build . 
  valid point !, 
  so the they csnt kill you if they are dead approach . 
  very true . 
  i like it on kench as a second item lately . 
  my question is should i ever sell sunfire ? 
  it feels so weak late, 
  further proving how much of a novice i am . 
  i meant the silver ones \u00f7 !, 
  this is why the book wheelman is so good . 
  it describes all this, 
  quite a bummer . 
  it 's definitely my strongest spec . 
  is stat priority close to assassination ? 
  i have 2.2 experience on my mistweave ( horde ) and need help gearing up . 
  are you na ? 
  i 'd love to sync up, 
  eyyy my new rogue is on emerald dream . 
  i 'll add you and we can roll tonight !, 
  i have some eu buddies i will try to sync up with you . 
  thank you so much . 
  i 'm still regearing but keeping this in my back pocket made me so much more lethal . 
  do you have any preference over arms vs fury ? 
  i like arms for consistency but fury seems to be a bit ahead in terms of output, 
  2.2 k exp assass rogue alliance, 
  2.2 k arms alliance, 
  i 'd love to help you out in the future buddy !, 
  add away and happy hunting !, 
  be enfj, 
  play rengar , renekton , wukong, 
  feel even more unique, 
  i was at that game for my senior year of undergrad with my buddy the student section . 
  it was a complete 180 from my freshman year . 
  the students were acting so toxic it stunk . 
  `` spurrier to return on conditional contract to coach home games only . '', 
  - paul finebaum, 
  how are monks ? 
  i flop between ww and mw but really want brew to be viable in pvp again , it was so fun !, 
  how is mw healing compared to where they are now ? 
  pretty much what i noticed . 
  a lot of people always complain about his crazy power in 1:1 scenarios . 
  i definitely will keep abusing him . 
  what 's your opinion on roa ? 
  not to play devil 's advocate , but i thought i was getting trolled last night . 
  actually was the most fun game i have ever played . 
  i was going into the game as soldier 76 , i guess i was in a pre-made or everyone was feeling spicy . 
  anyway , 5 junkrats , fucking 5 . 
  they all started furiously typing `` all hail dad , praise be rat children '' . 
  long storm short , we blew down the first objective . 
  i 'm relatively new , but is was the map that looks like new york city , you cap something then push the payload . 
  anyway , somehow get the payload and i hop on reinhart . 
  we won and it was a blast . 
  we kept doing this for like 5 games and were on a streak . 
  every game the ` rat children ' would just shoot hailmary grenades while i blocked . 
  sometimes it ends unexpectedly . 
  unfortunately your case sucked :( . 
  i 'd suggest reporting dude . 
  but i was the alpha rat man , i 'm new here do n't hurt me :(, 
  eeesh . 
  how did you play this off ? 
  that hurts man, 
  this is awesome !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  just curious , do you believe mallet can be good when ahead ? 
  also , any thoughts on tri-force, 
  wew lad that is a strong opinion . 
  it is a decent full tank item on full ad renek when behind , but it is an entirely different champ . 
  maybe i 'll consider titanic if massively ahead . 
   the bleed effect can be negated by said heals , ez pz . 
  i really appreciate this view of it . 
  i 'm hyped to roll darius into my top lane pool .
