  i believe you get a nice little buff to the hot which is cool . 
  i am hyper aggressive with my supporting so i try not to stay in the back line . 
  i 'll try the serpent build though , 
  i believe it works as a next x you get x percent . 
  but i may be wrong !, 
  i am in my 20s now . 
  i have lived with it all my life . 
  i ca n't remember a time before blood pressure . 
  stress is tough though , it helps me perform but it also breaks me down . 
  my advice to you is managing it . 
  try and seek inspiration from within yourself ( if possible ? ), 
  and drive hard . 
  stress will put your bp on an epic tilt , lem me tell ya . 
  on a side note , i do have it managed !, 
  i workout daily , i am in an okay weight and height range ( 6 ' 5 '' 215-225 is my float when bulking ) but i ideally want to drop to 190 . 
  however , doctors lost their mind saying bad . 
  so listen to your body , you got it !, 
  odd . 
  her sister 's seem a lot more cold because `` i am not greek '' . 
  greek like consists about 50-60 % of our student body . 
  it 's big ( rm training kicking in ) but , it 's weird . 
  the frat guys get a lot of preference and i do n't wan na say special treatment . 
  but i had to go through a workshop with the sorority on greek life standards yada yada . 
  i assumed it 's because the frat guys did it already . 
  but i am the only boyfriend who is n't greek . 
  it feels weird . 
  i butt dialed my girlfriend when i was explaining in detail how i can increase the power and smell of my farts by tactically timing my workouts and meals . 
  her family heard that . 
  basically , they pulled me in after one of the functions had a huge problem . 
  the problem was the men 's bathroom was shot and all the dates were to blame . 
  they lost their entire deposit on the venue . 
  the place almost sued it was so bad . 
  so all greek chapters got a talking to . 
  since my name was on the list of ` dates ' i got called in too . 
  i just laughed it off and said i work for the university and wouldnt risk my neck . 
  she never expected a gift of this magnitude . 
  the girl is very humble , plus i always told her this year was a tough month for sales . 
  i ca n't make it i got ta sell more etc etc. 
  so she was really sad . 
  in reality , i worked overtime to make the cut and buy sideline tickets . 
  thanks !, 
  trying to make it okay . 
  i just got home from my work day ( albeit early ) the girl was in tears she 's so happy . 
  definitely not the delivery i wanted but ehhhhh she got the point . 
  plus side again , my new laptop came in so i got a free day to play games because she 's happy . 
  success . 
  as long as usc comes out on top it 'll be an amazing birthday gift . 
  i really think the idea that i just do n't care about if you are greek or not . 
  i care about who you are as a person is misinterpreted by the sisters . 
  they never see me drink , i just do in moderation because medical reasons , and i am always working . 
  they probably see me as dry , it 's whatever i learned to shake it off . 
  they do n't determine our relationship or my future . 
  i am happy . 
  that 's my logic behind it . 
  it was all normal until news broke i landed the job . 
  then everything became super icy . 
  it sucks , are people that i do n't want to say depraved , but shallow ? 
  i mean holy shit . 
  here is the total incident report from what i remember :, 
   destroyed toilets , sinks , and plumbing extensions . 
   walls and tapestry art destroyed . 
   lighting ripped from the sockets creating hazards . 
   empty bottle of outside liquor strewn all over the bathroom . 
   human excrement and vomit were on the floors and walls . 
  i could go on but you get the point . 
  i remember trying to go pee in that bathroom . 
  it was like animal house , i said f it i 'll hold it and pee at my dorm later . 
  see she 's happy with me , she 's more upset some of her old ` friends ' are turning against her and using me as the target . 
  she is choosing me over them but it really hurts her . 
  i just want to find an amicable solution . 
  i really think it stems from me getting the job i wanted and that sucks . 
  it sets me up financially where i want to be . 
  it 's all ridiculous if you know what i mean ? 
  yeah greek life is a monster here . 
  there are numerous tailgates , all greek operated that wo n't let `` gdis '' in . 
  thankfully , one of my buddies is a greek social chair so i can go there to hangout . 
  that 's the plan !, 
  she has a little under a year left and i am on the way out the door . 
  we are just laughing , honestly , it comes down to sour grapes i think . 
   i ca n't imagine how much worse i would have been had i not been exercising as much as i do . 
  put it this way , my girlfriend 's father is type ii diabetic and does nothing about it . 
  i have no idea what he 's doing and it kills me . 
  he tries to workout , just does n't care , he 's a hard working man . 
  it 's just if he continues down this road , i doubt he will her get married . 
  let alone watch us get hopefully engaged , or have me ask him if it 's okay . 
  it was . 
  . no they did n't give me a `` how to not act like a fucking ape child '' class . 
  though i bet they thought about it . 
  just a `` stop acting like a bunch of drunk idiots , you are costing us money '' civil ` discussion ' . 
  let 's put it politely saying the sorority settled before traction started with a large sum of donations from alum . 
  being a business and marketing major i figure this place must be really in deep water . 
  renovations must be ridiculously expensive . 
  she recently had the crying `` i want to dance with you at my wedding '' . 
  it hut home and he scheduled and appointment . 
  i flatly told him , `` your parents do n't like me being from the north and dating a southern girl . 
  i do n't want to ask your parents and gf mom for her hand . 
  i will help you but only if you try . 
  i ca n't make you work . '', 
  he toughened up a little . 
  but still drinks coke over water : /,
