  the biggest issue with gun culture to me is that we do n't care about the ramifications of breaking the law . 
  want an example ? 
  use this , i saw a comment earlier mentioning how people standing trial can not get a gun . 
  this is true in sc , you ca n't circumvent the law because dad wants to help out your boy . 
  to me , this issue is a matter of ignoring the law and that we really are n't policing the guns . 
  we also are way too trigger happy to diagnose people with a mental illness of any variant . 
  ca n't focus , poor soul has add . 
  oh man he is having a rough week , it must be depression . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  mental illness is real and very severe . 
  however , in wake of tragedy let 's wait before we pull the mental illness trigger . 
  it 's well documented in all south carolina newspapers his roommate thought he was a lunatic . 
  source : attend university in south carolina . 
  try the bruiser approach mentioned below . 
  also , neat trick i use , start dorans pot , and go to tallstriders ( yes , they are called raptors or whatever , but they sound like tallstriders from wow since ghosty came to riot ) . 
  get a fast level 2 then abuse him with your w . you kinda want to play slapstick top . 
  to me this means hit and run . 
  when i play rengar into nasus , i basically cs by leaping minions and scurrying back to the brush , then at 5 ferocity jumping him and q q eing him . 
  you need to abuse him and deny his farm , otherwise , it 's a slow tank coming . 
  i 'm curious what happens to the players who got chat restricted . 
  i understand they get no pool party skins , but , do they get nothing from this ? 
  if so , jesus riot really dropped the hammer and i am proud . 
  i mean , fair enough . 
  at least they get kept out of a freebie, 
  hey dominate , thanks for the ama . 
  i am slowly climbing the ladder and love rengar . 
  i wanted to know what you think about the two possible build paths i normally run . 
  you can do the straight damage, 
   rush warrior blazer , hydra , lw , mobis or cdr boots youmoo , pd , sell trailblazer for pd , sell youmoos for ie . 
  win . 
  warrior rush , tiamat , wardens , hydra , boots , randys , lw , spirit visage , youmoos . 
  any advice helps !, 
  good luck this weekend !, 
  this is heartbreaking . 
  . absolutely heart breaking . 
  . i am heading back to columbia in a few short months for school . 
  i am curious to see the effects on our university . 
  no mystery champs or mundo is nice . 
  act like a dick , get the shaft is what i was taught . 
  chris rock made a skit about the confederate flag . 
  being a student of a university literally blocks from the flag ( born and raised in the north east ) this [ skit accurately describes the situation with the flag ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sz8_49brsiw ) my girlfriend is a born and raised carolinian , she is revolted by my views to take the flag down . 
  she is n't racist by any regards , she is just trained to see it as heritage like i see the celtic cross as a symbol of my ancestors . 
  we 're still reconciling from a major fight we had over it . 
  but hey , live and let live . 
  i mean , being from the northeast i see that flag as a symbol of hate and subjugation of an entire race . 
  i think it 's disgusting . 
  i learned in one of my sport minor classes usc can not host ncaa tournaments . 
  why ? 
  because of that stupid flag . 
  it 's beyond ridiculous !, 
  to me the issue is she ca n't see past what her parents raised her to see . 
  being of a northern upbringing that flag is just a symbol of subjugation and hatred . 
  i can not stand it . 
  i stood my ground and flatly said if you want to lose me over a flag , enjoy your life . 
  we patched it up quickly after that . 
  i took a quick route of if you are this mad over a flag and ready to leave me over a war you did n't fight in . 
  enjoy your life , she settled down and we worked it out . 
  there was no rationalization . 
  i tried to show her how it 's used by white supremcist groups today and the history , no listening . 
  eventually i said if this offends you that much and you 're okay with losing me . 
  enjoy your life , , it 's been working out, 
  not necessarily , i stood my ground and said if you care about the flag that much i 'm out . 
  enjoy your life , she simmered down and we talked it out . 
  it 's okay now , jsut need more sit down talk . 
  see , these are all good points . 
  i am a wwii history buff so civil war is not my strength . 
  but , i have researched this enough to formulate a decent argument . 
  some people are so entrenched in their ways it 's like talking to a stone . 
  i 'm an avid sport fan . 
  marketing major and sport facility minor , it pains me knowing we have such a large black eye being unable to host national events . 
  to me , i just told her you can fight for what you love , but if what you love starts hurt who you love . 
  it 's a whole new ballpark . 
  she was completely jarred by it . 
  i hated to do it , but i am a career salesmen , i cut to the chase being from an nyc job environment . 
  it 's either lets do business or get out . 
  i turned my business knowledge into a leverage tool . 
  i hated to do it , but normally that technique solicits a genuine answer . 
  hers was a look of shock , hurt , and awe . 
  so we talked it out . 
  i 'm hopeful it will work out !, 
  as a jax / rengar top player here is my advice . 
  even if you gank me and i do n't die , i will still farm hard . 
  once i get my bork and triforce , nothing short of the wrath of god will stop jax . 
  he is a split pushing animal . 
  you need to respect that power . 
  not only that , he can duel really well . 
  like another comment said , beat me at my game , force me to react . 
  i can not say how many games i win by farming hard , getting my items , and shoving top like a mad man without punishment . 
  it 's comical . 
  go ahead , it 'll be 45 v 5 ? 
  so have fun , you need to educate yourself about the flag . 
  go ahead and fly your symbol of hatred in your yard . 
  i truly do not care . 
  but if you think that it 's okay in front of the capitol building , you got issues dude . 
  let it go , you lost the war . 
  trust me , the north will be plenty happy to steam roll the south again anytime . 
  edit : in fact , the only place that flag belongs in my eyes is a museum . 
  sorry , that 's just me . 
  quit being sore losers over a war you lost over 100 years ago . 
  it 's the past for a reason .
