  i doubt it will work because to me riot has a reputation of trying to get blood from a stone . 
  that 's the glory of competition dude , to the victory goes the spoils . 
  as a guy who works in sport management , i know it 'd be nice to give all participants a reward . 
  but analyze it this way , riot is making the cup coveted . 
  dota crowd sources the money from it 's fans . 
  you can donate an amount for in-game effects and cool stuff . 
  it 's neat !, 
  nba payout scheme is nowhere near comparable . 
  i wrote various papers throughout my undergraduate and graduate career on the various issues with nba playoff compensation and monetary voids in the playoffs . 
  the reason i say that is because the payout scheme you mention iirc is the finals . 
  where the nba has such a glut of cash leftover they can immediately dole out large sums . 
  regardless of the opinion , yes is the biggest league tournament of the year . 
  you also have to remember espn paid in blood to get dota 2 on their channel , they have so many more resources it is n't even comical . 
  never said it was n't , but they are using the idea of competition to generate more intangible value on the trophy . 
  simply put they are allocating resources the best they can, 
  renekton main as of late here . 
  i tremble when i see nasus . 
  early i will do anything possible to bear him early and try to kick his butt early an often . 
  however , you got ta farm and farm will . 
  late game with about 150 + stacks will slap down a gator . 
  another matchup people think is bad , that i personally crave is gnar . 
  it seems easy enough , range and poke , beat down the lizard wizard . 
  in my eyes , a smart renekton will wait til gnar is in baby form the wombo him down and punish him . 
  in short , to beat the wizard do n't let him punish you , like another comment said , starve him . 
  i am totally usless when behind . 
  if you abuse him . 
  if you keep whipping him then he wo n't sniff near you . 
  no pun intended . 
  i think later nasus beats him to death . 
  2 ) this sounds kinda fun . 
  so would an example build me youmoo hydra ionia and the rest ? 
  3 ) so i assume it 's worth toying with !, 
  in your tests how do you like rfc combined with statikk . 
  do you think they overlap is a drawback ? 
  how do you like catman top ? 
  aw man , i am a guy who played renekton only from b5 to s4 in 4 days and reading renektononly 's guide i was doing it totally wrong . 
  my build was tiamat , bc , titanic , dmp , sterakk , visage , ga. 
  i felt the tank path was so good with bond of stone . 
  maybe a more aggro style is worth it !, 
  valid point , but a common mistake i have noticed is people picking fotm champs with 0 prior knowledge because they heard werlyb say it 's op atm . 
  for instance , went in as renekton vs a darius numerous time . 
  tons of `` darius is op !!! '', 
  cries were heard , stomp him in lane . 
  it was n't close because the darius was confused about his kit . 
  i guess my mistake i am trying to prevent is people being trigger happy on fotm champs . 
  weirdly enough . 
  draven is the only adc i 've ever won with . 
  i lose everywhere else . 
  i came from dota and other games where draven does n't feel mechanically hard . 
  i dint mean to sound arrogant . 
  but mechanically speaking it is n't challenging . 
  it 's just a different set of game knowledge . 
  entirely . 
  have a great day . 
  i got silver in 4 days of grinding . 
  it 's a breeze . 
  try and tailor a support to your style . 
  annie just works for me because it 's a flex pick and comfortable, 
  leona is a decent setup . 
  on mobile . 
  i thought this was the comment about supports . 
  sivir and tris are nice start points . 
  i 'd suggest cait . 
  she 's pretty strong now, 
  normals . 
  it 's personally transitioning from the cs denial mentality and constant rotation to some finer league intricacy . 
  teemo has been a relative easy match over my 80ish renekton games . 
  w is n't bothered by blind . 
  she broke up with me because i had a year long work study in hong kong and the distance would be `` tough '' . 
  we worked it out and would try it out . 
  when i learned my dad lost his job as a carpenter due to the recession i said i would immediately start working . 
  i told her i could return to university at summer 's end and we could be together . 
  she told me she could n't date a quitter . 
  that if i wanted it i could have saved that 10k while in school . 
  i told her fine , but she 'll never forget my name . 
  today , i did a speech at her commencement ceremony . 
  `` what is lower than an f. ... 
  i 'll give you a z. 
  yes a z ! '', 
  rengar main, 
  if i take him top nobody expects or respects me to run exhaust then at 5 fero to go ballistic . 
  at 6 they forget i will roam . 
  good times climbing with rengar only : ^ ), 
  i just feel like it does n't really aid me . 
  the speed is nice but i started getting better at gauging my pounces without youmoos . 
  and input on masteries ? 
  i just got used to it without youmoos !, 
  it may work !, 
  this was an experimental build . 
  i liked oppressor for the consistent damage pressure but i am trying bounty hunter !, 
  also how do i remedy over caping ? 
  i 've always considered rightmeow, 
  rengar main here with approximately 200 games on rengar . 
  as rengar , here is how you start your jungle . 
  always want to go where your bottom lane is . 
  start out q then try and finish your first camp with approximately 3 ferocity . 
  remember , your q is an auto attack reset , therefore when you q you can just go aa -  q -  aa for faster damage . 
  after you clear that camp , get w. 
  move to blue/red , and leap from a brush , aa -  q -  aa -  w. most new rengars wil roar for the heal , do n't do this , go for the empowered q. 
  you will be able to tear down the camp faster .
