  read the ability and deemed it super busted . 
  increase shadowblade duration by 0.3 seconds for every combo point during the spell ? 
  that seemed hilariously strong . 
  i 'm curious if this will work in pvp ? 
  i still am aiming for other gear , but will want to plan if i need to replace these strong bracers . 
  hey all ,, 
  i have been toying around with assassination and love the pressure it puts out . 
  being a guy who played assassination from square 1 , i wonder what comps work well with it ? 
  still waiting for system shock , til then i play sub . 
  i have been testing both ( mfd vs rush ) and mfd feels so much better for bursting when with a dk . 
  we are running sin uh hpal . /, 
  thoughts ? 
  maybe a fellow rogue can help me . 
  i am still mixed up on stats for assassination priority . 
  i always understood it to be agi  versa  mastery  the rest . 
  on that note i 'm in a dilemma . 
  i leveled sub and got denial of the half giants . 
  the legendary bracers . 
  however i just rewired vindictive bracers with better stats albeit 50 ilvl lower . 
  which should i use for pvp ? 
  hey all ,, 
  finally got my arms to 110 despite some rumbling they are dirt , i am upset by the hamstring gcd , but we will live right ? 
  my staple dps partner is rounding out is frost dk and we want to try and run train with tsg in 7.1 . 
  we figured fdk/arms/mw is potentially very powerful against a lot of mongo comps . 
  has anyone done testing with tsg to see the strengths and weaknesses thus far ? 
  appreciate any views , warrior , the dk , or mw . 
  thanks !, 
  i am transitioning from rogue warrior into a caster as well . 
  i really feel linear when all i can bring to the table for my guild is warrior/rogue . 
  i have always been fascinated by aff locks . 
  can anyone give me constructive advice on if my rotation is working ? 
  i will link my talents as well . 
  [ talents ] ( http://www.wowhead.com/talent-calc/warlock/affliction/c6bm ), 
  i am currently 101 after passively leveling . 
  i play on a pvp server and may just be picking off people way lower cap , but i hope not . 
  my normal rotation in pvp has been to go start agony , corruption , siphon , layer in unstable . 
  my normal filler is to drain . 
  i have been running with a felhunter because i personally value the kick . 
  my questions come to cc , is phantom really worth it in pvp ? 
  i am using how atm for levelling and may swap back to demonic circle . 
  lastly , i know this has been long is artifact pathing . 
  i saw soul flame and saw that as huge spike to damage . 
  but harvester of souls also seems valuable . 
  i really appreciate all support for a novice aff lock !, 
  hey friends ,, 
  my team dropped wow due to personal reasons so i am looking for teammates who have a similar goal/demeanor . 
  i am around 1700cr sin/sub rogue . 
  i also have an arms warrior in the same cr and am gearing out a mw monk . 
  my exp is 2.2 and i want to break that ceiling . 
  please feel free to hit me up . 
  i am most comfortable on my rogue and monk . 
  still working on warrior . 
  edit ; once my monk is up to speed i 'll heal bot whenever someone needs . 
  i have been a mongo melee since i started playing . 
  got a lock to 100 have n't paid attention , but main a mw . 
  i want to see why you guys play your caster . 
  what makes it so rewarding ? 
  im stuck between my mage ( where i feel much more active and have a lot more fun ) and my warlock . 
  cheers ,, 
  hey all ,, 
  i love playing my rogue when i want to play dps and i have always been a big fan of assassination . 
  i know they are markedly squishier and their `` glass cannon '' nature was stripped . 
  but , why are people avoiding it like the plague ? 
  i 'm currently at 1800 and trying to find a feral to play rot comp is like asking my dog to solve world hunger . 
  it possibly can happen but i am not optimisitc . 
  is it because people see they were nerfed or do i need to invest more into my sub weapons ? 
  i still do decent damage and pressure for kill when my partners and i are in voice . 
  from the shadows comboing with agonizing poison makes me hit hard when all stacks and bleeds are rolling . 
  would love to hear your thoughts . 
  oh well , back to healing . 
  hey fellow mws ,, 
  i have always been a proponent of statue , but i am seeing a huge pop up of people running invoke chi-ji ? 
  is this for the massive burst healing it can offer in a pinch ? 
  i would love to see reasoning behind this ? 
  i am currently about 1800 and trying to heal twd . 
  it 's pretty easy but i am curious why i see so many chi-jis . 
  gents ,, 
  what talents are we taking ? 
  i am heavily tempted to take healing spheres . 
  i am really digging way of the crane in burst situations too . 
  how are we digging this patch and what pvp talents are we using ? 
  hey guys ,, 
  i have been floating around 2.2 as a mw and wanted to jump on my resto as i have found it more fun . 
  while i am a still getting honor talents . 
  i have a few questions about openers and general survivability . 
  for starters . 
  i get a ton of flak for not bashing then cloning . 
  i assume clone start is better as you can force a trunk bait a kick . 
  the bash wastes a cd they trink and you can get kicked easier . 
  if you 're getting trained , my gut tells me displace on swap . 
  hot up then go bear and tell them go away i 'm a bear . 
  how have you guys learned to balance the stance dance . 
  i guess the others i need to learn on my own . 
  eg if i should use soul of the forest v melee cleave or incarn . 
  cultivation and ward vs dispell and the likes . 
  appreciate any help from high rank rdruids . 
  once i got the swing of healing the burst was amazing . 
  love it more than my mw already !, 
  i love this sub for being open to discussion so let 's have at it . 
  hi guys , currently around 1850 with this comp , we seem to steamroll other mongo comps .
