  sorry dt , you ca n't run the us like you ran corporate usa . 
  does banshee veil prevent you from hurting yourself ? 
  i 'd suggest practicing it in normals . 
  i 'm awful at mid and adc and i 'll admit it . 
  i just practice it in normals . 
  i 'd say try support jungles and tank supports . 
  sej and nunu may be up your alley, 
  team is bad sometimes . 
  got ta accept it however in the case of the swain game i 'd have suggested helping your team . 
  also , to avoid person tilt drink water and quit after 3 straight loses . 
  i quit after 2 personally . 
  i just cut it off and go workout . 
  helps a ton . 
  i personally would never start long sword pot in lane . 
  i would either go doran go to raptor camp and clear it ( more effective than longsword pots ) , or flask pots . 
  the long sword just hinders your building power early imo . 
  college really opened it up to me . 
  highschool i was around 245 and kinda awkward and played a bit too much video games for my own good . 
  i played football and did shotput at a high level . 
  that summer i always beat myself up saying i did n't look right so i worked out evveryday and well . 
  i felt happy just with the weight number . 
  i was stronger and just happy i did n't have the extra 30 pounds . 
  i ran mudruns because why not mud is fun i guess . 
  i never had a girlfriend all throughout highschool , mainly because girls saw me as the approachable teddy bear friend . 
  one day , i went to a party with fellow football players and i veered away from my main group ( again , i became a social butterfly in college ) . 
  this girl who was a stunner came up to me . 
  she had her letters on and i was starstruck . 
  she started talking all about how her ex was a dick and yada yada but being touchy . 
  i was thinking how she was out of my league anyway , she 's drinking and does n't like me i 'll help her out . 
  well , she followed me back to my apartment ( thank you based academic scholarship for letting me live off campus ) and we hooked up . 
  first time i ever been with a girl and she loved it . 
  she thought i was lying and kept saying it was n't cute to lie . 
  that 's when it clicked . 
  i looked in the mirror and did n't see the fat nerdy kid anymore . 
  i was a college athelte with a future . 
  how did it effect me ? 
  we 're engaged and getting married once she finishes her nursing degree . 
  i did n't change , i knew what it was like to be bullied by jerks all my life . 
  it was awful , i hated being chubby and wanted to change it . 
  i still see that kid in the mirror and it tears me up . 
  but hey , i am still learning . 
  something something elements should win or i 'll end up binge drinking myx moscato by nicki minaj, 
  i am a us citizen too , i just want to understand everyone else 's moment when they realized the world is a magical place . 
  not everyone is a cynic , 
  kinda similar to my moment . 
  i went to an international friendly between the us and the germans when i was little at yankee stadium . 
  it was n't just germans vs us . 
  tons of eu and asian nations poured in . 
  it was fantastic . 
  must have been amazing to see such a historic event . 
  that is a shame to hear : / , i will be travelling through germany in a few months and hope it is n't that bad !, 
  ah , still that is a great thing to learn !, 
  being a us citizen as well my first real culture shock moment that altered history was 9/11 , i was old enough to understand what happened but not old enough to figure out why . 
  it 's so cool seeing each nation in their full pride . 
  holy monkey crap i forgot this happened at glen ridge . 
  this high school is like 30-40 minutes down 287 from my house . 
  when did this happen ? 
  longsword really does hinder you conversely . 
  if you go back and are bullied hard and have to chug pots . 
  you 're left up creek without a paddle . 
  sure , you got the early jump on triforce or bork , depending on what you need . 
  but you are still kinda screwed . 
  doran 's lets you not only start early on level 2 , but is more cost efficient than longsword overall . 
  easy way i break it down , i could start long sword and get 3 pots if i win lane i won my bet . 
  ** or ** , i can go dorans , rush raptors get level 2 no pots needed walk into lane with dorans 5 pot 1 mana pot and a level up . 
  overall i think dorans 100/100 times is better to start with on jax if you do n't go flask . 
  that is the whole point of what i am saying . 
  doran is medium safety . 
  jax screams to be ganked early and if they pull it off when you buy longsword , you are up the creek without a paddle . 
  it is scary how much you remind me of my dad . 
  except my dad knew i had good taste , so he called it a football tax . 
  you wan na play football this fall ? 
  you need to pay your football taxes . 
  generally my taxes were all my 100,000 grand bars , snickers , and twix . 
  my dad did this , he 's a carpenter so he reinforced it steel plated and weldings . 
  what he forgot is he raised a wrestler and son who worked with him on the job site who was just as good with tools . 
  i got my ice cream . 
  you cant hide your pistachio ice cream forever dad . 
  on the down side , i had to fix his fancy ice box . 
  it made me even more mad when i was little because i was born on halloween . 
  i 'd make out like a bandit . 
  three pillow bags in a small nj neighbor was light work for me in a night . 
  my taxes were considerably higher than my sister 's . 
  but it worked out . 
  i never had a better quarterback than my dad . 
  i just got back from my third season in college , and my qb is my roommate . 
  we throw daily and no one can find my hands better on the fly then my dad . 
  cheers , you guys do awesome work and take it from a son who grew up . 
  we appreciate it, 
  fun fact , my girlfriend would n't eat pizza for three years before we started dating . 
  funnier fact , our first date was at a pizza place . 
  former dota player ( 3k-4k mmr ) and rengar main reporting for booty . 
  rengar and bh are not similar . 
  if anything i liken rengar to pa or in some cases nyx ( hear me out ) both those champs dive in 1 2 3 kill . 
  then haul your ass out and create another pick . 
  sure bh can do this hut he is utility . 
  as rengar you want armor pen reds . 
  i use armor yellows . 
  cdr blue . 
  1 cdr quint and 2 armor pen runes .
