  you 're confusing the new ira with the ira of the past . 
  that is like saying that all adherent muslims are terrorists because there is a new wave of radicalism who have killed thousands . 
  look up what the original ira stood for before making a leap of faith . 
  the new one , yes . 
  the older army that fought the independence fight in 1910-1920 ? 
  absolutely not they 'd be ashamed of bloody sunday . 
  eh , how could new dev help rengar imo ? 
  i dont think it will , its all about on hit, 
  there is a big misconception here . 
  you have repeatedly said they wo n't take away from his fun and charm . 
  i get it . 
  cheesy pirate and the likes . 
  you are kinda of assuming that fun and charm all aline with gp 's persona . 
  i think quite the opposite . 
  with the rework comes a new body and personality . 
  they kept the fun and charm about being a pillaging pirate . 
  explosive casks , oranges because it 's got ta be k , and blowing people away with cannon barrage . 
  in short , fun does n't mean his voice acting needs to be the same . 
  much like many have echoed his voice acting did n't fit his new personality and look . 
  i think this is a well needed change . 
  the main reason i did n't play sion pre rework was a ) i got reported for trolling b ) his cheesy get to the choppa duhahahaah arnold wannabe voice was so cringy i had to turn it off c ) it just was n't fun . 
  you brought up how sion is just a ruthless killing machine and is totally dark . 
  that 's his gig dude !, 
  sion 's lore has been that he was a brutal fighter with an insatiable blood lust . 
  similarly gp , has been touted as a highly violent pirate originally . 
  his slapstick routine was an update to make him less violent . 
  i think they found a healthy mix of comedy and seriousness with new gp . 
  tl ; dr : no more pirate mcpirateson is okay . 
  it 's his new personality and fits the pirate life wayyy better, 
  but old sion was a joke . 
  an absolute joke to his lore . 
  sion was supposed to be an insatiable killing machine he is now . 
  his lore literally screams this . 
  but is n't that essentially how sion is ? 
  stay alive long enough to kill all opposition . 
  he 's a juggernaut for a reason . 
  again this is my opinion of it . 
  charm can mean multiple things . 
  it 's something that draws you in with that awe inspiring oooooohhhh sensation . 
  to me it 's the no care given pirate man . 
  to others it 's the pirate mcpirateson life . 
  charm to me was the game play overhaul . 
  the fun is keeping his abilities true to a pirate sense . 
  my dad and i used to watch the iron giant all the time when i was little . 
  i just got it for him on dvd he watches it before every college football i play . 
  `` just in case you 're hurt i wan na remember how happy you were '' . 
  i love this movie to death and can not wait for the re-release . 
  prepare your buttholes yoloque : incoming irelia mid . 
  how did he lie . 
  you hold your opinion of something . 
  he said he 'd make the character more fun . 
  secondly , stylus totally shut down your notion of `` pirate because fuck you i am a pirate lol '' [ see here , ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/3afek5/ironstylus_says_he_thinks_gangplank_is_too/ ) this was discussed at length . 
  gangplank before his ** second ** rework was a violent pirate . 
  they are going back to their roots with hints of comedy . 
  valid point , im just curious about how it will work . 
  man this brings back some old memories . 
  do n't follow lck religiously , occasionally check threads for scores . 
  guess it 's popular . 
  rengar mains still wo n't build warrior anyway . 
  majority of us skip it . 
  but catman doe . 
  it 's not really that good . 
  i follow dekar and pride and they skip it . 
  rather i rush straight for tiamat or soto if i am going to hard carry . 
  i can pump out way more damage using a tiamat , lw , youmoos , cdr boots , hydra rush , than if i was to waste my money on upgrading traiblazer . 
  to be honest once i get hydra i sell upgraded smite too . 
  it just works way better for me . 
  this tends to happen . 
  on the flipside , cornflakes totally kick ass and they do not endorse the mini-hitlers . 
  how old are you ? 
  what server do you play on ? 
  reddit and summoner name captain_dux ( see prior ), 
  how old is your reddit account ? 
  about a year, 
  what languages can you speak ? 
  english , proficient in chinese , learning german, 
  how long have you been playing league ? 
  3 years, 
  have you ever moderated a subreddit before ? 
  why do you think you are suitable to be a mod ? 
  years of professional experience and meditation training coming from prior years as an rm . 
  what country do you live in , what is your time zone ? 
  how good would you rate your communication skills on a scale 1 - 10 ? 
  9 , communication is part of my job so i do it daily !, 
  do you use voice chat programs ? 
  ( teamspeak , mumble , ventrilo , skype ) skype , vent , and raidcall . 
  do you have any experience with css , html , image/video editing like skills ? 
  basic coding and some photo editing . 
  rate your skills on how good you are to navigate ( find things ) around on / r/summonerschool on a scale 1 - 10 10, 
  how important is league rank when answering a question on the subreddit on a scale 1 - 10 ? 
  give reasoning behind your number answer . 
  5 , experience garners a fair bit of knowledge . 
  your rank also correlates with your overall knowledge of the game . 
  however , there is an old adage that tells how a teacher can learn just as much from the student . 
  i have gained insights about myself from bronze players . 
  what social networks do you use and or follow summoner school on ? 
  ( facebook , twitter , google + , twitch.tv , in-game chat room `` summoner school '' reddit , twitch.tv , and facebook . 
  time to follow on twitter !, 
  what contribution ( s ) have you made to summonerschool , be it comment , post , video , ect . 
  which you are the most proud/satisfied over - i have recently made a post about tilting that caught a bit of attention .
