  she was just so different i had to have her . 
  if that makes sense ? 
  this is another thing i noticed with my so and i. 
  * my outfits are either my work clothes ( full suit , tie , and stuff to wear on dates ) or my gym clothes . 
  i am totally happy running around in a fitness t and shorts with my nikes on . 
  she is much more fashionable . 
  i just really want to see others views on this . 
  it 's neat to read . 
  just wondering , i thought slows were a soft cc , meaning she ca n't stun you ? 
  are n't roots in the same category ? 
  if the w only stops hard cc then she should n't be able to * ole * return the stun . 
  still , she 's gon na be a pain in the ass . 
  jumpy jumpy catman . 
  jumpy jumpy, 
  this is a good piece of advice . 
  going on three years here . 
  some of our traits are starting to spill over . 
  ex ; i will stay in sometimes just because i need me time and am becoming less dependent on needing constant social interaction . 
  she wants to go out more because she is starting to enjoy people . 
  like i mentioned earlier , it 's hard to gauge our financial upbringings but we have similar work ethics and views on money . 
  always interesting to hear a new perspective . 
  i found another difference in us that may not be huge but just off . 
  while in college , she got a kitten and named him stevie . 
  i saw him and said , cats a boy named him after stevie wonder . 
  she insisted it 's a girl and named it stevie nicks . 
  shrug it off . 
  week later we go to the vet because he had eaten some of my food when i was n't looking and was acting funny . 
  vet confirmed it was a dude . 
  i was kinda like , huh what do ya know . 
  she was so defeated , she swore it was a girl . 
  eventually we laughed it off and now we have wonder the cat . 
  i probably worded that poorly lem me try again . 
  ( forgive i 'm still drinking my coffee ) . 
  * roots = soft cc, 
  * slows = soft cc, 
  * w counters hard cc . 
  * if the two conditional cc 's mentioned are soft ccs , w should not stun on the proc . 
  correct ? 
  i mean , it is hard to justify with us . 
  i grew up in nj and she grew up in sub-urban carolina . 
  the wealth gap is hard to determine . 
  overall when we compared apples to apples , it was virtually the same based on state standards and where we lived . 
  however , apples to oranges , nj money was greater in sc and vice versa for sc to nj . 
  most of our fundamental traits on life are the same , political view , education , life experience , kids , yada yada . 
  personality we are very different and to us that is ok . 
  my uncle had a ashy grey cat named cinders too !, 
  kinda how we started this relationship . 
  i 'd rather go play football or workout on the weekends , if i ca n't do that i will happily game on my computer with friends . 
  she loves reading and crafting . 
  i ca n't get into crafting but i read a good book every once in a while . 
  she tears through them though . 
  ah , well til . 
  this makes her considerably harder . 
  still , i think it boils down to a skill match up . 
  if the rengar has a better hand he may win . 
  again , i do n't have the experience you do but that 's how i am looking at it right now . 
  yup , this was a problem when we started dating . 
  i wear my heart on my sleeve and have a very emotional drive . 
  my so , being a nurse ( do n't hate me it 's a joke ) , is very calculated and even when we bicker or talk about something . 
  fair point , i still think gatorman will be my go to and try beat her down . 
  fiora 's 1 on 1 capability did however do through the roof . 
  that ult makes for some insane dueling capability . 
  do n't see how it is an advice thread . 
  it 's just an opinion poll . 
  alright , difference of opinions . 
  [ insert new coaching staff member ] is working the guys really hard , we are excited for the new and exciting view on football . 
  [ new coach 's ] system seems to be the right fight for us . 
  qb : nfc-n , rodgers - dude is a freak . 
  rb : afc-n , bell - great athlete , really puts his nose to the dirt and just powers through . 
  wr : nfc-e , dez - love him or hate him , the man will put in the work to get you the extra yards . 
  personalities aside , i will always take a good athlete . 
  te : nfc-w , graham - not even out of spite against gronk . 
  i just like the body of work the man has produced . 
  de : afc-s , watt - watt , are you kidding me ? 
  have you seen how well he plays . 
  lb : afc-w , houston - yeah this dude is an animal and deserves every penny he got . 
  db : afc-e , revis - despite the past and being a jilted lover . 
  i will still take him as a lockdown and shutdown kinda, 
  guy, 
  k : nfc-s , gano - kickers get love too . 
  did n't know there was a racial connotation . 
  just did a little research did n't know there was a racial link to east asians . 
  not trying to be racist . 
  but good thing to learn . 
  edit : kinda offputting learning this . 
  years of wrestling and football had that word thrown around a ton . 
  our entire team now looks like a bunch of racist dickheads . 
  lower elo jungle . 
  climbed from b5 - b1 rapidly . 
  free fell down to b3 again , i am starting to get scared to even play ranked . 
  i know it 's all in my head but what can i do to overcome this solo que anxiety ? 
  i seldom talk besides `` gank '' `` go in `` yada yada . 
  lately i just get super upset with myself on the loss . 
  idk , i just keep saying these losses are all my fault and i should have been better to win the game . 
  any advice to gain my gusto back and start winning ? 
  again , just learned this . 
  comes from years of football and wrestling coaches yelling at kids calling them all mongoloids . 
  i grew up in a town with a lot of pakistani kids and i was one of the few white guys . 
  i am not racist by any stretch , just blissfully unaware of the meaning . 
  again , no excuse .
