no idea , it 's actually a little disheartening . 
  i was approximately 260 of fat at my peak . 
  i dropped to 205 off of just dieting , add in exercise and good diet . 
  i float at 215 . 
  i hate when i see people saying `` oh i have condishuns therefore i ca n't do x '' . 
  personally i see it as a lack/absence of will power . 
  this a sad , sad reality . 
  i am debating posting more southern fried stories of the ham planets i 've met . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9u0el_u4nvw ), 
  i 'm not even mad . 
  i 'm actually impressed . 
  thanks !, 
  i really try !, 
  thank you !, 
  i mean i just struggle with this . 
  i have a bad bad fear of gaining weight due to my past . 
  i am much healthier and happier now , but i still wrestle with doubts . 
  it 's good to know i know i am not alone , 
  thanks , i kinda was a really really awkward kid . 
  ill post more . 
  imagine this as a sampler . 
  i need to vent this . 
  god i may have been weird but i could dip and dodge out of social situations like it was my job, 
  my grandparents were dead by the time i was five , except one . 
  only my truly close friends knew that . 
  i think my grandpa died like 4 times that year . 
  edit : i really hated social gatherings and the idea of ham-man-tha . 
  so sorry . 
  you have no idea what ham-man-tha attempted to do to me . 
  you 'll see, 
  it 's good to air this . 
  hope you laugh . 
  i have raided molten core and black temple . 
  that is one raid that not even 40 men could take down . 
  oh lawd the pressure is real will post soon . 
  thank you !, 
  i always tried to make people laugh . 
  the best way is through descriptions . 
  im glad you enjoy this , its syllabus week so ill be posting with regularity . 
  while i cant agree with the blood elf choice  i want to just say victory or death !, 
  im glad you enjoy the story . 
  this is just one of my many experiences of ham-kind . 
  it gets worse . 
  hey , sending love from fps . 
  you are stunning the way you are . 
  i know its tough now , but i refuse to use the cliche . 
  there are resources for you to help . 
  im here for you  . 
  sorry , training as a rm is kicking in . 
  your stories are so well received . 
  i hope this finds you well . 
  i always want to help . 
  i understand where you are . 
  warm regards ,, 
  go forth in beetus . 
  part 3 soon !, 
  thanks !, 
  im very self concious with my writing skills . 
  so i love to hear any feedback . 
  i want to paint a mental picture through my stories . 
  thusly , you feel what i saw/felt . 
  youd need a 100 man shield wall to stop her, 
  posting part 3 in a few minutes, 
  1 gallon of hydrochloric acid . 
  i also bleached my eyes, 
  she was shocked , like i said i was violently vomiting . 
  i actually had to call gurgash about these questions . 
  she was near brought to tears . 
  she was saying how this is n't how all boys react . 
  apparently she claimed to kiss lots of boys and many would crave more . 
  she wanted to `` check in to see if i was okay '' . 
  that 's when the deceiver 's mother stepped in and said best leave me be . 
  she was so heartbroken that i become ill from her nauseating spell . 
  part three soon !, 
  do n't it 's my tragic past . 
  i know . 
  more to come , it 's so painful . 
  i told you its tough . 
  please dredge through . 
  i assure its worth it !, 
  i dont have stan marsh syndrome anymore !, 
  i was shy around girls . 
  imagine 7th grade awkwars magnified to the 100th, 
  i mean , it 's the stan marsh effect !, 
  he 's a stinker is n't he ? 
  he kinda does , we barely talk now . 
  he 's a frat star at some uni with straight ds . 
  i 'm used to it < 3, 
  not really . 
  if you kinda read on i was trying to get away from the situation yet she forced it upon me . 
  it is n't even that . 
  it 's that she was just overtly forward about her affectation . 
  she apologized years later . 
  however , sorry you do feel that way . 
  does that mean i am birdman ? 
  but i totally remember it when you brought it up !, 
  dux was name i came up.on my own . 
  i am a defensive player in cardgames . 
  hey . 
  you never know,
