  i can tell . 
  that 's why i said shut the fuck up . 
  how the hell did that happen ? 
  wow , so i got literally average . 
  i mean i am still not happy . 
  but , i am kinda shocked . 
  you can go 50 % and they are like meh , average . 
  oh well , this makes me a little more excited . 
  time to push 3.5, 
  i mean my `` mmr '' says 2323 so i was like well damnit , but i knew the mistakes i made . 
  i just am stunned that i guess my mmr would be considered average . 
  i originally thought i was in the proverbial elo hell ( ps , it does exist it 's called leaver que . 
  had a family emergency and had to help my so , got put there . 
  fuck that place with a sideways lunchbox ) . 
  that 's why i say 3.5k-4k is a fairly reasonable goal . 
  i feel like if i shake off the rust , master my tombstone placement , rp turns , and visage micro i can pretty quickly climb . 
  thanks for the morale boost , 
   perhaps if you find your team counter initiating instead of initiating it may be worth it, 
  very good point to make , i normally rush blink  arcane  force ( no particular order depending on how well i am doing or hurting ) . 
  i really noticed , in this elo , just played a game . 
  the team was floored when i blinked rp 'd and skewered their team into a tower with an immediate shockwave . 
  i do n't get it . 
  is it really that uncommon in that elo to be aware of combos/magnus ' terrifying damage potential ? 
  well op . 
  did you ? 
  possible . 
  i just got a consensus `` wtf just happened '' from not just the enemy team but mine . 
  i guess what you said makes sense . 
  magnus seriously feels like freelo , probably will get tougher as i climb . 
  life and lol , i became wayyyy more casual . 
  i had a lot of time when i was helping my so recover from her illness and she hated dota . 
  so i sunk a ton of time into league ( which i fucking suck ass at , holy shit that game is hard ) . 
  also this makes sense , i had 600 + games before i tried ranked . 
  lol, 
  this opens it up a lot . 
  i am a big nfl fan but no news sources ever fully explained it . 
  thanks !, 
  holy crap not sure if obj is so talented he does n't care that a girl took a picture of him going to town . 
  or he does n't care because `` get on my level , cunts '' . 
  still , get on his level . 
  i did n't mean to . 
  i just always referred to him as sylla . 
  i guess i should have been more specific . 
  my bad !, 
  oooooo a doom player . 
  you 're another breed of friend i am looking to talk to . 
  how does doom feel since his `` nerf '' . 
  i remember drudging through the days on undying when zombie speed was halved . 
  holy crap i almost lost it . 
  but i have heard rumblings ( doing a wee bit of research ) saying hom is a bad investment . 
  i always got midas when i play wraith , doom , or ld . 
  this may just be my old school logic . 
  anyway , i realize with just a radiance winning a fight outright is a wonderful fantasy to have . 
  however , i think rushing aghs for sylla with tranqs on him are pretty important . 
  also , why travels ? 
  i normally get phase on the bear . 
  more damage , ghost walking etc etc. 
  see that was my train of thought , more of a slow storm coming build . 
  i stopped playing and played other games with so after she got sick because she did n't like dota . 
  maybe the meta was slower when i played , but the farm all game then kill everyone style was core . 
  naix , anti-mage , ld , and pa were pretty common to see . 
  i guess my thing is , i know i am strong on my off meta picks . 
  namely being visage , doom , dk , and ld . 
  i wanted to see people 's opinions . 
  thanks for yours dude . 
  also , going an early basher does n't really hurt you too much . 
  your build is pretty on par with my on paper idea . 
  however , i rush basher first , but that is me . 
  asset + liabilities = owners equity , gg accounting, 
  fair enough , i have been a dirge main since closed beta because fuck you my strength is op as hell . 
  however , doom is always fun . 
  i 'll try the mom build , eye of omoz hear me dooooom, 
  i do sales , accounts hates me . 
  [ who calls the dragon knight ? 
  ] ( http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/a/a5/dk_drag_move_10.mp3 ) this is for texts / emails . 
  for calls - the guitar solo from [ nerve - soilwork ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kawd_kxy5pi ), 
  i am the ra you do n't want to call . 
  no pls no . 
  i was a marketing / management major . 
  i do sport sales . 
  thats why accounting does n't like me lel, 
  i am curious about dueling midas as well . 
  i think this encompasses what i want . 
  but yeah , demolish and entangle is op as shit . 
  i really like ld as a fun little niche pick . 
  not the strongest in the meta but god damn is he fun . 
  like i said . 
  my last competitive streak was when alliance ( been a fansince nth days ) lifting the ti3 trophy . 
  so it 's been a long time . 
  i have no concept of what average is . 
  again , my goal is nothing less than 3.5-4k . 
  i used to play anywhere from high to occasional very high normal games . 
  so i feel confident . 
  oh you played wow . 
  lol you have no good taste in games . 
  seriously . 
  i just loved pvp and the lore of the undead . 
  damn , i always loved paper mario . 
  . now i love it even more !, 
  am magnus .
