  but still , i did n't realize the connotation and am pretty red in the face about it . 
  i realize that , it 's just rather demoralizing dropping from a 60-70 % winrate over 2 weeks to sub 50 dipping into 30 . 
  i took em on the chin saying eh it 'll get better . 
  but now it feels like i ca n't buy a win . 
  i guess the best remedy is notching one win under the belt then saying okay . 
  do that again , and again , and again ad nauseam . 
  my weird thing is that i just do n't know how to tackle this . 
  being the jungler . 
  i just mute people really easily . 
  it 's bad , but the blaming game is unreal in low elo and i beat myself up bad . 
  however , it 's gotten better . 
  i started talking out loud and rationalizing decisions . 
  eg : now as rengar i will ult with 5 ferocity , activate youmoos to gank top . 
  however , their malphite and mid have just came so this may not be a bright idea . 
  who knows , silver is a dream i in soloque . 
  our ranked 5s team is s1 so why not my solo que . 
  this is really good advice . 
  i had been kicking myself and pinning everything on myself in these losses . 
  while some were my fault ( but that 1-6-1 gragas tho ) . 
  others , i ca n't really control . 
  just talked to a buddy of mine and said this is what i need to learn . 
  if i can just relax and take the game as is , he and you , both agreeably say it becomes winnable . 
  my question is this , when does a lane become sunk . 
  for me , it becomes sunk if there are two back to back deaths within a 3 minute window . 
  hey fellow d00d . 
  sorry i was n't clear . 
  no she will not be coming to ny . 
  i am going to sc to see her and finish my degree with her . 
  but i really like this idea . 
  . i am friends with office security so if she comes up in the future they 'd be down for it i 'm sure . 
  roger goodell . 
  the dude is an eternal villain in the public 's eyes , but he has done some crazy good things for the nfl . 
  some of his punishment scales are outright outlandish , but sometimes he makes that one move where you go ` wow , that was brilliant . 
  well played ' . 
  not sure if why . 
  my uncle tried to spin my older cousin around during the father daughter dance . 
  he had been drinking since before the ceremony , and it 's a traditional irish wedding . 
  so , we drank a lot . 
  during the dance , the faithful moment came . 
  up went my cousin , round and round she went . 
  then he lost his footing and pile drove her face first into the floor and broke her nose . 
  i mean , he has a pretty difficult job of ` protecting the shield ' when the league is trying so damn hard to ruin its own name . 
  the reason i say he is genius is not because of his decisions , but rather the way he is able to quell certain masses of angry mobs with pitchforks down . 
  sure it 's transparent and obvious , but that does n't mean it 's not cunning . 
  for christ 's sake he wrote and introduction to a book on public speaking . 
  but at the same time , you got ta admire him for mastering that skill of hiding like a wee one . 
  it 's kinda crazy . 
  nobody has called bluff ( besides the fans like myself who want answers for sins ) . 
  it 's crazy . 
  the everyday fan just hates goodell because goodell . 
  i appreciate this writing style . 
  it 's kinda soothing , just me i guess . 
  no forced references . 
  well spoken , 
  welcome to marketing man . 
  this is the field i chose and it hurts me too . 
  unrelated , i read that as justice boning . 
  how do you try and raise morale ( rip gp ) in this elo ? 
  it seems like s nuclear wasteland of toxic people ? 
  lol maybe !, 
  i have n't been able to get a win on rengar lately so i am swapping it up and moving to horseman and nocturne . 
  my only wins on rengsr come in our ranked 5s haha, 
  telling my age but here we go . 
  i was born in 1993 , so i am a young devils fan . 
  but , i lived close enough to where twice a week when i was young my dad would take me to the izod center for a game . 
  it was awesome . 
  once , my dad who is a carpenter , got us to meet lou . 
  the dude was so sincere and nice . 
  he let me meet marty , scotty , the whole damn gang . 
  i felt like a small king for a minute . 
  watching the devils win stanley cups was the highlight of my young life , i loved it . 
  i still have my stanley cup rally towels from 2012 ( each round including the finals ) hanging around my apartment . 
  i wear my marty jersey every game . 
  i guess the point of this post is , i graduate college in one short semester . 
  i finish up , get a job , and i am considered a `` functioning adult '' . 
  i 've been legally an adult for a long long time . 
  but , i always felt like a kid at heart . 
  my point is this . 
  . when marty left , it was like your childhood superhero can fall . 
  it was like watching batman get broken by bane , it was heartbreaking . 
  shit i was just about to turn 20 and i almost cried . 
  now lou left , i guess , i feel like an adult . 
  of course time changes things . 
  but damn , this was a wakeup slap saying you are no longer a kid . 
  welcome to the real world things change . 
  tl ; dr : lou left and now that him and marty are gone it feels like my childhood is officially gone too :(, 
  being a devils fan in his 20s , now that marty is gone and lou is gone , i feel like my childhood is officially over . 
  what a way to start my work day . 
  i know !, 
  but you got ta understand . 
  seeing marty leave is like watching dad move out of state for work . 
  you know he 's okay , but you want him to come home . 
  hell be back one day :( . 
  lou leaving just broke my fragile heart . 
  girlfriend of 3 years now is a devil fan thanks to me ( she was born and raised a thrasher fan from sc so woo-hoo ! ), 
  is sad too !, 
  basically . 
  i read that and was like hah good joke . 
  oh fuck they are n't kidding this sucks . 
  2 minutes later phone buzzes .
