  all it said was lou and leaves . 
  both . 
  literally and figuratively . 
  i wept silent tears of mourning, 
  hi everyone , as stated , former dota 2 player . 
  mained undying , brewmaster , and ck forever so i decided to try hots . 
  i recently picked up lili , uther , and for a gift my so bought me arthas because i love arthas . 
  i decided to diddle around with lili and arthas ( note i am level 8 and have very good prior moba knowledge ) . 
  it may be the elo , but arthas and lili feel horribly broken . 
  is this just me ? 
  it feels like i never die , i mean it 's an absolute stomp with arthas on our team . 
  that makes sense . 
  i was playing with a friend with 0 moba experience . 
  i played wow arena at higher elo than i 'd like to admit . 
  so auto resetting was n't hard . 
  i did n't know if it worked with arthas passive , but lo and behold it does . 
  friend thought arthas was broken . 
  i think i build him wrong too ? 
  i do n't really know . 
  i just built him to be as efficient as possible . 
  in hindsight , the people at the mmr i was at were floored when i used syndragosa as an engage tool . 
  you are definitely right about the mmr though . 
  i just still feel arthas is crazy good , same with lili . 
  that healing is bonkers . 
  that feel when there is no notidehunter flair . 
  bring back nth pls . 
  viva la alliance . 
  here is what my typical arthas build looks like ( see below ) ; i normally play as bruiser just barreling down the enemy . 
  it 's so reminiscent of undying . 
  i love it !, 
  ( if you ca n't tell the build prioritizes efficiency and so do i ), 
  * https://tempostorm.com/heroes-of-the-storm/talent-calculator/arthas#gtwx, 
  as for my lili build , here it is . 
  similar to arthas . 
  off the walls , crazy all over the place mad yolo heals.com . 
  * https://tempostorm.com/heroes-of-the-storm/talent-calculator/lili#9kj2 - i debate using shrink ray depending on the enemy composition however !, 
  i can not even begin to tell you how sad i was . 
  man , it was so hard for me to transition from wow nth is good . 
  to holy shit we won ti3 . 
  then back to fuck we suck . 
  s4 come back im so sorry baby . 
  good to note , i just love that incredible power spike from surging winds . 
  it 's insane . 
  the healing goes skyrocketing . 
  i know . 
  we lose even when it comes to trash talking . 
  edit : but at least we got dat razor sponsor doeeeeeee, 
  off question , i have seen some people selling youmuu . 
  any reason why and when to sell that beautiful piece of steel ? 
  i just really like peanut butter so . 
  reddit , tell me a unique way to use peanut butter . 
  most of the answers were involving vaginas and dogs . 
  i got confused with step 1 . 
  i am male . 
  also , lok ` tar and da ` bu friendo . 
  my girlfriend and i bonded over wow by accident . 
  she was in my guilds rival pvp guild ( top two on warsong ) . 
  so we did a weekly 2v2 tourney . 
  i told her i wanted to play games tonight with buddies , we had a big deal . 
  ironically she did too . 
  guess who i was pitted against in our 2v2 ? 
  she was the healer . 
  so all i can say is lololol arms warrior lolololol . 
  she quit the guild and joined mine . 
  we are going on 3 years and 2.6 k mmr now , 
  as long as you do n't play as a filthy be ( girlfriend rolled that , died a little inside ) . 
  we are blood and thunder . 
  [ how to arms warrior since wotlk ] ( http://s1359.photobucket.com/user/actionshd/media/faceroll_zpsb39e434a.gif.html ), 
  i mean i mained rogue for ever , went to warrior for tsg . 
  it 's so bloody easy . 
  it 's not fair . 
  eyyyy . 
  real question is who is the best wow villain . . 
  holy shit this is so hard to watch . 
  just an fyi boys . 
  basically what iso said . 
  except i like to use a different analogy . 
  if you beat an irelia top it 's successful and much like being pregnant . 
  everyone will congratulate you for being successful/pregnant , but no one realize how much you got absolutely fucked to get there . 
  thank you , thank you . 
  honestly , my two highest winrate champs are rengar and sion . 
  if i see an irelia i give her a big middle finger and pick sion and get big fat and tanky . 
  fuck you irelia i just wanted to play catman , now no one can have fun . 
  i mean i figured , i just wanted to discuss a strategy i tinkered with to make splitting easier . 
  a lot of my friends think he is garbage , in some defense sure , but i think he is meant to be played really defensively then burst out with your triforce spike . 
  remember to rush tri and infinity edge . 
  his damage is hilarious late game . 
  i personally always get death 's daughter as my first upgrade . 
  it really messes with people . 
  after that i have been able to get a second upgrade once or twice . 
  i normally get death from above . 
  you couple dd with dfa and holy shit that ult hurts . 
  i was gifted for my birthday , in my freshman year of college , tickets to a thanksgiving game for the jets in 2012 . 
  my dad did n't go but i went with a buddy and my uncle . 
  in short , his uncle works in marketing for a large firm that deals with the jets and snuck us into the low level suite behind the pats bench . 
  mind you , it was fucking freezing at this game , and i grew up in northern nj . 
  i remember clear as day , the 21 points in 52 seconds happen . 
  i 'm standing around a bunch of pat fans in my keller jersey . 
  the pats bench sees me , points and laughs . 
  that sucked , it 's the only sporting event i left early .
