  i 've always been hard into assassination , but a lot of my buddies want me to shy away from it . 
  is assassination that sub par ? 
  i normally play assass so i am very comfortable with it . 
  appreciate the feedback !, 
  hey worldofpvp . 
  everyone here was so helpful in my last post about assassination viability . 
  i 'm proud to say i hit a mini goal of 1800 very quickly using smoke cleave . 
  people are n't prepared for the damage and since i 'm so comfortable with assass it feels natural . 
  that being said , i 'm working toward a warrior to do tsg with my roommates . 
  i 've had a 100 warrior but need to optimize talents . 
  many are common sense , juggernaut vs warbringer , sudden death etc etc. 
  however i struggle with my 90 talent and 100 . 
  i play arms for a level set . 
  i personally like avatar . 
  it makes for wicked damage and the power spike is hard . 
  i also use anger management because the rage dump makes for bigger damage . 
  i have heard lots of rumblings over siege breaker and blade storm . 
  thoughts ? 
  also , safeguard vs vigilance . 
  what is the go to here ?? 
  i see a mix of both . 
  thank you all again . 
  go forth to victory, 
  hey guys and gals , 2.2 k exp arms war and i am looking for anyone willing to play any comps to grind . 
  started this war fresh so i want to grind out the rating . 
  i am at work and forget my battletag , but i will edit it once i get home . 
  hi all ,, 
  i have been going tahm top lately and here is the stats i got . 
  when i decide to go tahm top , i have a roughly 70 % winrate over 15 games , which is pretty damn good in my eyes . 
  in those games , i typically rush sunfire because of how well tahm abuses it . 
  in generally i just get straight tank and try to be a bother in team fights trying to lock down priority targets and shredding tanks . 
  it is winning , but i am scared it will burn out . 
  maybe i am a tahm player , which i can add to my otp with rengar . 
  but i may have found secret to my own climb . 
  currently s3 from s5 in a few days riding his success . 
  that being said , here is my breakdown i 'd love reviews . 
  summs : flash rarely ghost/exh & ignite, 
  - i take these due to the power in his ult . 
  it creates great kill pressure in lane . 
  keystone : bond or grasp, 
  - his sustain is great so i am still testing bond , but i have heard soa may be good here too ? 
  build is usual tahm top build . 
  i appreciate all insight to if this is a pariah or i have found a niche and to keep beating the drum . 
  edit : what are the thoughts on roa on tahm ? 
  i know it sounds terrible , but something about seems so . 
  . appealing ? 
  is that the right word ? 
  let me start by saying i worship the all mighty gator . 
  after hitting a rutt , my friends all pushed me to another bruiser . 
  i tried a lot but i am starting to enjoy darius ' bully and aggression . 
  so i have a few questions since i have n't had any luck finding a solid guide . 
  * as renekton , i normally go full ad with ignite due to my comfort and his obsurd ad ratios . 
  yes i know ad darius is bad . 
  but , i have flirted with triforce , is this wrong ? 
  when is it situational ? 
  do you ever get a second damage item , if so would you prefer dd or frozen mallet ? 
  * when is it good to play like a bitch ? 
  as darius i got waffle stomped by teemo . 
  my jungle ganked and i started raking in kills . 
  is teemo one of the only matchups i should play like a bitch ? 
  * starting items , i have only been going corrupting , but i get massively flamed by friends for not going d shield or d blade . 
  when do you think d blade works ? 
  is this a `` i 'm going to steamroll lane '' item ? 
  * i normally start w , but i have heard it can be better to start q. 
  why is this ? 
  * i know this list is exhaustive , but one last question . 
  how does the flash combo work ? . 
  normally i will flash q , aa , w , aa , e back to me , aa , execute . 
  is this a proper combo ? 
  i feel like i am burning a lot . 
  edit : formatting is hard, 
  hi all ,, 
  lately i have been stumped trying to climb and accidentally locked gp one game . 
  after a few un-choice words , i stomped down the darius i was against . 
  chalked it up to a bad darius and tried gp again . 
  same result up to s3 . 
  i told my friends i think i finally understand gp after a few normal games . 
  then they immediately dropped `` well barrels are op , and people have the reaction speed of a dead cat in s3 '' . 
  i feel like my improvement is a healthy dose of both ? 
  but what do more veteran players think ? 
  [ removed ], 
  hey all , just finished levelling my mw and i feel like i lost the luster . 
  jumped on my rogue and went down the path of sub and i fell in love with it . 
  however , i build my talents around pvp , would n't be posting here unless i did . 
  so i have three talent tiers i get tripped up on . 
  45-75 to be exact . 
  * 45 : i see many taking deep stratagem , while i personally have been going vigor . 
  is there any justification for stratagem over vigor ? 
  * 60 : i have been going soothing darkness over eluviseness . 
  to me , when dancing , having that passive healing to reset is invaluable . 
  i may still be wrong . 
  * 75 : my go to is prey on the weak . 
  that way when i open up after sod , cheap , shadow strike , for the new rupture . 
  sorry i am bad with names . 
  however , i saw some peers around my previous rank is taking strike from the shadows . 
  what can you see as a justification for strike over prey on the weak ? 
  i appreciate the help or insight you can offer !, 
  hi all ,, 
  simple kind of question . 
  last night i was doing some world quests , pop open the box and get legendary sub rogue bracers .
