  i do n't really need advice , we realize they are just bitter over the job and mad . 
  we have our friends , if they ca n't be happy i got my dream job and we are a happy couple , forget em . 
  i guess my question is this , with me not being greek , functions have always been awkward with us . 
  i have to ad nauseam always say `` no i 'm not greek . 
  yes i love her even though she 's in a sorority . 
  no i do n't hate greek life . 
  no i am not bitter i did n't rush '' . 
  did you guys experience this ? 
  it 's nutty at this point . 
  i am not a big fan of nb3 , but i am a big fan of rengar . 
  does anyone else get a smug little smirk seeing nb3 totally screw easy kills or make an impatient play ? 
  for instance , i love watching imaqtpie ( guilty pleasure ) , he 's in a game vs qt . 
  he had 4th pick jungle . 
  qts team comp is as follows when he picks . 
  * qt kalista , aphromoo janna , a random hec , and some derpinheimer on ahri . 
  what does he do ? 
  he locks that rengar ( unknowing to the audience ) . 
  of course the rengar elitist in me goes `` lol good luck killing shit with a janna around '' . 
  then i see it 's nb3 and get the biggest you know what eating grin ever . 
  game is even now , but qt is like 11-1 or something insane with nb3 being sad he ca n't pull off a big assassination . 
  does anyone else get some twisted happiness off this or just me ? 
  yesterday i said i goofed when i soiled the surprise of my girlfriend 's birthday gift . 
  apparently , not as bad as i thought it was at the time being . 
  today , i went to work head held high because i aced the gift . 
  i work in a major city , so i take the bus . 
  now , i parked my car and hopped on the bus . 
  i drive an old as hell car that has manual everything . 
  doors , windows , no power anything . 
  it gets me around . 
  i hop on the bus and try to grab my keys ( has my month bus pass on the keyring ) . 
  weird , it 's not in my pocket . 
  i run over to my car . 
  i locked my keys in my car , my girlfriend is doing a double shift at her hospital she works at and ca n't get me my spare keys . 
  so , now i wait for my college buddy who owns a mechanic shop to help me break into my junky ass car . 
  not a big f-up . 
  but i am currently 3 hours late to work with my supervisor laughing at me . 
  this may just be me being oblivious or a terra-noob . 
  but here is an observation i made . 
  yesterday i went into some norms with a friend and picked gp into renekton , because pirate 's need new boots . 
  bad matchup but i mechanically knew what to do , orange his w and then slap back . 
  well , it came to late game where i had a triforce and frozen heart ( idk i was testing builds and this seemed wicked fun ) . 
  here is the kicker . 
  my team had a 5 v 4 in drag pit , i called down my ult and they won the fight . 
  all the while , i split so hard that i took two towers . 
  i noticed early on your passive effects towers . 
  they have to eat the true damage . 
  what i started doing was pushing a big wave to tower using my passive , popping a barrel to clear , then swiping the tower again . 
  holy smokes , the splitting power from the pirate king was crazy . 
  add in the sheen damage and it 's rip towers . 
  is this just me ? 
  or is this common knowledge . 
  i love new gp a lot and he 's my go to ` de-tilt ' character along with singed . 
  my so steals all my peanut butter cliff bars and i ca n't prove it , yet . 
  i went on a double date with my so and her friend . 
  we were drinking/eating and enjoying a great live band . 
  it was cool . 
  then the other couple got into a minor argument that blew up into a wwiii style argument . 
  it was incredibly awkward , i solved it by ordering two shots of tequila for my lady and i. 
  we knew better than to intervene with the couple because they make you choose sides . 
  ladies/men what did you do ? 
  we reluctantly agreed to another double date with another friend of hers . 
  i am preparing to have my friend johnny walker third wheel if i need to . 
  hello everyone , i played dota 2 since closed beta . 
  i was enjoying it then , well , life took over and i took a pretty decent sized break . 
  let me put it into perspective . 
  my last games ( sporadically ) before my recent games i played were when my favorite team alliance ( i wish they were still nth ) won ti3 . 
  since then , i have read up learned new builds and stuck to my holy trinity undying ( boast a 62 % winrate over 100 + games ) , magnus , and sadly i am a dirty dirty visage picker . 
  while i know visage is n't really `` meta '' from what i have read . 
  these are easily my strongest heroes . 
  so i played my ranked games i think i went 5/10 ? 
  so 50 % winrate , i was pissed i screwed up , knew i missed an rp or two without turning . 
  life happens . 
  so i got placed into 2323 mmr . 
  i have no idea is this is wayyyy below average or just right . 
  any advice to where i stand ? 
  i used to be a high-very high skill mmr normals player . 
  thank you all !, 
  viva la undying . 
  edit : also , my goal is to hit around 3.5 k - 4k . 
  not sure if thats good but that seems like a cool number for me . 
  posted yesterday about mmr , i have been having some success climbing . 
  praise based magnus and dirge . 
  however , i want to crack open an old favorite . 
  since 6.84 , i see sylla got a wicked buff from aghs . 
  are there any sylla players that have insight onto how he should be played now ? 
  i can list my specific questions below . 
  * is the ideal build still radi rush for bear , then aghs for the druid . 
  * normally , if i am feeling frisky i will get a single point in `` rabid '' around 7 . 
  is the ideal skill path still r - q - e - w max ? 
  * lastly , i looked at my old build and am doubting it will work not . 
  i used to go ac/vlads on sylla , and radiance / mkb for the bear . 
  hope these questions are n't too dumb . 
  again , thanks for the help friends . 
  i am really glad i got back into dota . 
  edit : also , if there are any players of doom still ( rip doom cast time ) . 
  i 'd love your advice as well . 
  [ removed ], 
  hey everyone ,, 
  i 'm a long time rogue player and i 'm finally dusting off the daggers after a hiatus with my rogue . 
  i 'm currently 95 but want to master my opener as assass .
