  stone wins . 
  point to sharksfanabroad . 
  no but that 's my sentiment kinda . 
  i 'm on a new account snd climbing from bronze with a buddy . 
  holy shit the amount of rengar first picks is insane . 
  i am genuinely curious if this off-season is going to beat out a few off-seasons ago for the most arrests . 
  i mean , 4-1 over my tenure in working in columbia is pretty nice . 
  we did n't deserve the win at clemson , the team was so beaten up and out of wack it was comical . 
  next year , much different . 
  [ mfw i see justin hunter with hands ] ( http://bloximages.newyork1.vip.townnews.com/stltoday.com/content/tncms/assets/v3/editorial/5/e4/5e4cdb55-71e3-5be5-8583-b3a0ab90c412/51775bd296ed6.preview-620.jpg ), 
  injured , you outright risked the dude 's college career . 
  i am a usc fan and i admit our dbs play dirty . 
  you are seriously lucky they didnt go for the knees . 
  if jungle boy was on the team still ( god bless houston ) it would be bad . 
  i would n't expect too much . 
  usc had a great crop this year and got a lot stronger on d. offensive 50/50 but the defensive is there . 
  unless you got a dank ass wawa coffee with it you really did fuck up . 
  wawa is seriously the number one thing i miss about the north east when i go to school in the south . 
  still , you do n't wan na bet the house on the horse . 
  take it from a life long jet fan . 
  it won you for now , but i also work in a pt place ( and having a knee replacement at a young age ) i can assure you he needs time . 
  he 'll still be good , just do n't expect rocketman of the past . 
  i do n't think there are any in south carolina by me . 
  but wegman 's is far inferior to wawa . 
  inb4 cowboys take him up . 
  i really think renekton still has the edge . 
  you can bait the w by e ` ing in sometimes . 
  his early game muscle is why i pick him over her in this . 
  again it 's all smoke now . 
  question for rengar mains . 
  how does the w work with an empowered bola ? 
  does it reflect and stun ? 
  if so that fucking sucks . 
  precisely . 
  i am just going off the kit ( i also am a hardcore win-ek-ton fan ) . 
  i am just thinking in terms of how her kit works . 
  late game she 'd abuse renekton , * unless * , ** big ** unless renekton smacks her down early . 
  this is also conditional that her stat changes are too substantive . 
  rengar gets dumpstered by riven 10/10 times if the riven knows what she is doing . 
  rengar mains ( myself included ) want to throw this out . 
  take exhaust vs riven . 
  it reduces her strength to ko you a lot !, 
  please be mindful , it is so easy to get your clock cleaned by riven as rengar . 
  renekton kicks the shit out of her though . 
  10/10 would lane again . 
  sad feels incoming : c, 
  you 're not my cousin , so i can tell you ohio state sucks . '', 
  edit : well , not academically , just your football and basically can go fall in a hole of holey-ness . 
  never said that , but the janna makes life a lot more difficult to kill the adc at all times . 
  it feels like you jump they ult , you 're displaced , re-engage and just before they die you get tipped by a tornado . 
  the ahri to me was n't glaring kinda just annoying . 
  i personally am much more annoyed by the janna . 
  but it 's all opinion . 
  okay , you it 's still possible to 5 fero q , bait the w , re-engage with 5 ferocity bola . 
  well shit . 
  hopefully the talent evaluators are wrong . 
  i am disappoint . 
  you fucked up, 
  yeah ohio state did does n't mean they do n't suck . 
  welcome to college rookie . 
  wawa could make booger coffee and i 'd drink it without shame . 
  the coffee is so good, 
  * gets in car and furiously drives to florida * i 'm coming wawa, 
  oh man that stuff cures hangovers better than a taylor ham egg n ' cheese . 
  however that vanilla iced coffee will kick your ass into overdrive if you need to stay awake . 
  not going to say this should be tolerated , that 's beating a dead horse . 
  this is blatantly a racially charged comment , it 's unacceptable . 
  when people say they do not feel this is a big deal they are saying `` oh well i have thick skin it does n't hurt me it should n't hurt you '' . 
  case in point , i 'm the son of an irish immigrant . 
  i was raised in the northeast and am dating a southern girl . 
  her family will call me yankee non-stop , whatever it 's not offensive . 
  however , one day her grandpa called me the son of a mick immigrant . 
  did it hurt , not too much i was slightly offended but i moved on . 
  these racially charged are not said because ` lol this is funny amirite ' . 
  they are meant to cut deep and drive your point . 
  your point is to hurt the other party . 
  no , they say big goofy irish man . 
  i say i look like that because you would n't see much a difference between [ this ] ( http://blog.timesunion.com/opinion/files/2012/03/0322_wvignorance.jpg ) and me . 
  this is interesting !, 
  we have a lot of differences like the ones you mentioned . 
  her family does alright , my family just does a wee bit better ( nj and sc pricing scales are just weird . 
  by their standards we do crazy good . 
  we do n't do great ) . 
  her family is uber-protestant . 
  i 'm a raised roman catholic but not crazy religious . 
  i still wear my cross everyday . 
  it 's cute that and him are so similar . 
  i just really appreciate my so 's differences if that makes sense ? 
  we have so many different things to get excited about . 
  case in point , i will get wildly steamed about her leaving books out of order or not putting things back in order . 
  i am crazy retentive about order . 
  she on the other hand gets steamed if things are n't planned . 
  i kinda go by the seem of my pants and say let the night take us . 
  no fly zone for her . 
  it helped us both grow . 
  on a totally unrelated note , i got a brand spanking new gaming laptop that totally relates to me and our relationship is great . 
  girlfriend refers to it as my ` trophy-wife ' . 
  i mean , i am proud of it but . 
  . okay it 's totally kick ass and i love it . 
  i used to attract people similar , but something made me want this girl more than anything .
