  for our 5s team , when we compete in tourneys i get renekton banned away a lot . 
  so this is great !, 
  enfj , yet i play renekton and darius . 
  i guess it 's due to my tendency to want to lead through the consistency of my picks ? 
  i personally prefer tld on renek . 
  granted , i personally play full ad renekton so it benefits me in early skirmishes to snowball . 
  would you use tld in bruiser style ? 
  i was visiting my alma mater , university of south carolina , and as a recent grad ( dec. 2015 ) was extremely disheartened when my girlfriend and i saw the stops were gone . 
  good news cola trainers , we had amazing luck in charleston !, 
  i caught a few exeggutors , a golem , and a rapidash there . 
  go to the beach and walk around marion square !, 
  alternatively , the vista is lit up like a christmas tree as well as the following locations . 
  * usc 's main campus , especially near the center of the shoe . 
  * main st , especially near the hub . 
  * by willie b , it 's amazing there . 
  found my first scyther there at my girlfriend 's apartment . 
  happy hunting gamecocks !, 
  i 've had that feeling , but at the same time in terrible matchups or one i had no idea what i was doing or how to combat it ( ap zac top , why tho ? ) . 
  i did decent , death 's daughter has saved me way too many times to count , but i appreciate the insight !, 
  i hear you , i had a glimmer of hope i was n't just abusing an `` op '' champ . 
  normally i go gp , if he 's banned , then renekton/tahm top . 
  either way it 's weird . 
  i started playing norms with my higher elo friends and started noticing opportunities to fight . 
  instead of panicking i just am thinking `` eh , i got this '' . 
  i do n't know if it 's a dramatic jump . 
  the highest is p5 , and the median is about gold 4 . 
  i do think the jungle assistance has helped . 
  but then again , they are directly * talking * ( read screaming ) at me `` you can do it just fight him , do n't be a bitch , do it ! '' . 
  i guess when i see an opportunity in my elo i hear them when i recognize a pattern . 
  i appreciate your responses !, 
  dumb question , but why do you personally believe this and what elo did you test in ? 
  i am morbidly curious to learn more because i am really starting to love gp . 
  that makes a fair amount of sense , i have been running 50/50 build and blasting people out of the water . 
  it 's crazy, 
  i mainly do n't like being called the low guy on the friend totem pole : c. 
  i 'm way too competitive because of a multi-sport background all my life . 
  but it feels weird seeing things i never would . 
  i guess it 's my gut and learning i appreciate the positive reinforcement . 
  this is a great talking point , i generally level 2 barrel blast people . 
  it 's jarring amounts of damage . 
  i watched tons of gp and practiced a bit in norms , it 's just a matter of surprising people with a quick link barrels . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  renekton - bully , destroy your opponent with a dominate laning phase . 
  go full ad like i tend to and then bulldoze everyone late with a monsterous q combo . 
  gp - do what you want cause a pirate is free , you are the pirate . 
  excuse me from being profane , but that is f *** ing dope !!!, 
  i got ta practice this !, 
  gp is so brutal . 
  i have climbed at a break neck pace from s5 to s3 on the back of these two . 
  if you really want cheese . 
  what got me out of bronze was tahm top . 
  your dueling power at level 3 is brutal . 
  add on triforce and frozen heart , you become a wall that is impossible to deal with . 
  still very powerful if mastered , it is a delicate mastery . 
  remember him though , he 's a great pocket pick . 
  but gp is a powerful force on the rift . 
  there is a terrifying amount of nothing to do . 
  it is a large capital for dope in northern nj . 
  not only that , amongst one of the richest counties in the state we are the dud amongst the group . 
  we 're even sandwiched between two affluent towns . 
  the public schools are so known for violence and poor education my parents made me apply to any schools to just get out . 
  however , we had an awesome track team and it 's cleaning up a bit with the election of a new mayor who broke the mold . 
  my friends call it `` gnometown '' because everything on the main street is a cutesy mini store built on the face of a mountain . 
  it was from s5 on the verge of demotion back up to equalize my mmr . 
  i was starting out gaining sub 15 a win , then worked back up to 20-22 a win . 
  it feels good !, 
  i see your point . 
  i think i just found a champ i gel with . 
  gp is a lot of fun and ulting to save bot has helped me more than i can count . 
  just did my first fast barrel in a live game . 
  guy was expecting telegraphed combo . 
  got blown out and first blood  of course i practiced it for about 20 minutes so it feels so easy to do, 
  close but no cigar friendo . 
  wheelmen - the story of lance armstrong and doping the tour . 
  well , on the plus i could see lance armstrong behind the scenes and as a sports junkie that is pretty cool . 
  i just like zapdos . 
  he is n't wrong , i wear my pirate hat every time i lock in . 
  just me ? 
  * sad yarg * . . . 
  `` i 'd never do [ insert reckless behavior from your youth ] '', 
  meanwhile at a family gathering my aunt tells me stories of how my mom , who was also an ra , was doing keg stands with her residents at an ivy league school . 
  raised there my whole life . 
  i love it there . 
  right ? 
  mom learned i was having a good time and had a canary . 
  aunt tells me stunts she pulled . 
  i was laughing so hard . 
  which is honestly fair advice in reality . 
  i appreciate that approach, 
  that is way too true , my kids will see lots of shenanigans . 
  apparently , she had a pet duck . 
  you got played like the instruments he used to shred . 
  long con of the year . 
  this confuses me , she ca n't be happy you are happy ? 
  first world problems ? 
  she 's beyond strict , but it helped me in the long run !, 
  same . 
  never want anything, 
  nope , ra 's 4 lyfe, 
  mine beg me to go out more , my party days are over .
