  as for his daughter . 
  i 'd do anything for her , he knows that . 
  and part of it will be making sure he 's alive to see his son and daughter get married . 
  true . 
  i may not have worded it properly . 
  i can understand the confusion . 
  however the overall chill towards us is garbage . 
  i do n't want her little to be out casted either . 
  we 've been texting and i laid out that i want this job and spilled my heart saying i just want to succeed for not just me etc. 
  she stood by me saying if she has to lose some fake friends over me landing my dream job . 
  she did n't need them in the first place, 
  she is contemplating standards . 
  but she is swamped with work and wants to handle it when school starts, 
  msi ge70 pro edition with 250gig ssd . 
  i 'm gon na be gaming my balls off, 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  as an ra/rm whatever you call it at your uni . 
  we do n't tolerate this behavior in the dorms and you get sent to the housing counselor over these debates if they are bad enough . 
  why not let greek life handle this and take it . 
  what could standards do though ? 
  suspension ? 
  would my girlfriend run any risk of punishment ? 
  she has just been collateral damage because she is attached to me . 
  i can be your guide . 
  [ step one ] ( http://www.thirstyrecords.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/partyapes_thirsty.jpg ), 
  been around the world , do n't speak the language . 
  but yo booty do n't need explainin ' . 
  in all reality , it can work , but you need to find the way to communicate . 
  it makes the date that much more interesting and gets you to focus on your date . 
  i love the idea personally . 
  plus , you could learn a new language !, 
  hm , true enough . 
  i saw the problem as a i brought this upon her because i beat people out . 
  here 's a monkey wrench for a sorority issue . 
  they are funded through on the university pillar sponsors . 
  they are one of two sororities on campus that does not impose monetary fines . 
  would the sanction be `` okay you have mandatory sober sister duty '' or something else . 
  sorry to harass you . 
  i just want all information possible before making a decision ( salesman , what can i say ) . 
  update : as i am installing all my shit , girlfriend bought me burritos . 
  i love me some cheap americanized burritos . 
  maybe i did n't fu, 
  thanks , just got ta get the * testicular fortitude * to ask dad if i can borrow her forever . 
  he can still see her , i just kinda wan na call dibs . 
  forever . 
  [ i already lost my marbles . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cdvtcddewi ), 
  it felt like it at the time . 
  i was like god damnit i ruined the fucking surprise , this birthday went to shit . 
  god damnit shit shit shit i spent so long planning , fuck shit fuck . 
  after i realized , oh well , early gift . 
  whatever , it 's over just let it roll . 
  i attend school in the sec . 
  the gold old boys and girls much prefer greek life to international . 
  with her significant other ? 
  i wrote we never had time to go together due to conflicts . 
  nytimes , the economist , and npr . 
  definitely not in these sources target demographic age wise , but it works . 
  i mean hey , whatever works . 
  i am currently in my den with the puppy installing all my games on my new laptop . 
  i did n't even have to take my puppy out . 
  she did it . 
  i think she liked the gift , she 's just parading around in her storybrooke shirt too . 
  it 's kinda cute, 
  well , her name is n't really charolette but the message gets across does it not . 
  well . 
  i was born and raised in new jersey . 
  i am a jet fan first . 
  but seeing as i attended the university . 
  i guess i have to like the carolina gamecocks . 
  yeah i was like lol that 's not a birthday gift . 
  i ca n't fathom proposing now . 
  does n't mean i do n't want to just not fiscally or emotionally mature yet . 
  those tailgate lots have been laden with bad decisions i made throughout college . 
  being an rm there i had to be on best behavior !, 
  yeah that will all be done face to face . 
  no technological fuck ups available, 
  i see the area code and pretty much the same number . 
  seeing as they are a family plan . 
  i assumed oh that 's x and rarely check . 
  human error, 
  will not disclose . 
  but i am a scientist . 
  i wish . 
  internet money would be so real, 
  i mean , you could be an asshole about one of the different way people spell names . 
  but i am using it as an example . 
  i guess that 's a tad difficult to understand . 
  yeah this name is wildly popular down south . 
  i was born and raised in the north east so i am jarred by it too, 
  but burritos make every drunk person happier . 
  i had been drinking too so it was n't a great idea, 
   he top tower as it has ~ 50 % hp . 
  the enemy laner has respawned and you have enough time to take the tower . 
  your tower is sill standing . 
  how do you effectively take the tower without giving the enemy laner a slight `` comeback '' ? 
  depends , does the enemy top laner have tp ? 
  is there mid showing ? 
  i would give a quick map glance and think , okay top no tp . 
  mid is shoving mid .
