  `` you 're so forgetful '' . 
  he left , sexytimes were had , got to cuddle with girlfriend . 
  been dating three years now . 
  my dad occasionally forgets his wallet to this day . 
  tl ; dr : my dad is a total bro and helps me get laid when my girlfriend is in town . 
  edit : for clarity, 
  it depends on his hand , i like having one war axe if he plays an early smith-master combo . 
  i was like 8 when the n64 was big . 
  so my little cousins were kinda annoying to me trying to play kirby 's crystal shards , mario party , or pokemon stadium when they 'd bug me to let them play . 
  what i 'd do in pokemon stadium or mario party is crank the bots to hard mode . 
  then , i 'd hand them a controller that was n't plugged in and they 'd watch me get wrecked stuff saying how good they were . 
  my parents were in on it and knew since they were so young it was my way of `` giving them an advantage '' . 
  welp , i let the cat out the bag this past fourth of july . 
  girlfriend and i are chatting after one too many drinks about the n64 . 
  little cousins comes over, 
   `` lol , i used to kick your ass all the time op '', 
  i told him he was never playing , it was a bot on hard and the controller was unplugged . 
  his parents , my parents , and majority of the family confirmed it . 
  he ran inside told his sister . 
  they were crushed . 
  i woke up with the worst hangover ever and two really pissed off younger cousins . 
  maybe this christmas i 'll buy them an n64 controller for giggles . 
  my dad said the same thing when i went to college . 
  make a legal u-turn when possible ? 
  i have gone to legend twice with control warrior using this very strategy . 
  i consistently use this strategy and it works for me . 
  that 's the beauty of this game . 
  everyone has a different strategy . 
  dad told me three things when i was around that age . 
  * 1 ) use a condom , unless you hit the lottery you 'll never afford a baby . 
  * 2 ) `` be nice to the girls you do n't think are pretty . 
  you are n't that pretty yourself so they may bloom late like i pray you do . 
  hairy monkey looking bastard '' . 
  * 3 ) if you intend on marrying a girl , have her cook for you before you do . 
  if she ca n't make your favorite dish then it wo n't work . 
  every girlfriend before your mom could n't make stuffed peppers . 
  but by god your mom can cook those things perfectly . 
  bloody mobile phone opie op, 
  already edited because fat fingers . 
  from what he told me after i got him all liquored up was he `` dropped it by a vending machine '' . 
  my mom went in with him and found it . 
  he said he wanted a mtn . 
  kicker is , my dad has n't carried cash around in like 6 years . 
  dad knew his stuff . 
  when i had a crumby gf . 
  he used a football analogy being a football player . 
  if jim ( our second string qb ) ca n't hit you on the fly why do you keep running the same route thinking hell finally put it in your hands . 
  i mean i was trying to figure things out . 
  i was n't too bright when i was younger so he 'd level with me . 
  my old man never went to college so everything he explained was very simple . 
  helped me a ton, 
  four year strong, 
  [ meet mark gubin ] ( http://www.jsonline.com/news/milwaukee/a-typical-welcome-sign-that-wont-fly-b99519325z1-307301071.html ) . 
  this guy lives in milwaukee , wan na know why he is a gigantic troll ? 
  he lives near an airport and wrote `` welcome to cleveland '' on the roof of his house . 
  imagine flying into milwaukee , seeing this and saying `` oh shit cleveland '' . 
  how long has this been up ? 
  since 1978 . 
  he has been trolling passengers going to milwaukee since 1978 . 
  no one beats mark gubin . 
  tl ; dr : artist writes `` welcome to cleveland '' to welcome low flying planes to milwaukee . 
  i see what you did there . 
  my dad 's best friend ( now a cop ) is named officer dick hertzem . 
  my favorite memory is at my aunt 's wedding she reads the guest list off , she reads `` dick hertzem , whose dick hertzem ? '', 
  my dad immediate yells mine does . 
  best name ever, 
  little older . 
  i just was a really sneaky dick and disliked my grabby little cousins . 
  do regret my younger years, 
  but cruelty . 
  sorry i was n't clear . 
  i met my girlfriend at orientation and live out of state . 
  i was moving back in as an ra at my uni !, 
  been a life long warcraft player man , dont got ta educate a member of the forsaken ( ud rogue let 's go warsong ) about the dirty trolls . 
  boy - age then : 5 - age now 23, 
  sister - age then 3 - age now 21, 
  throwing like a major league pitcher , jesus christ elements, 
  jesus dude , that 's a freaking doozy . 
  not in the deep boonies of the south . 
  source , wal-mart near my uni . 
  no cards for vending machines . 
  so many people begging me to troll my little cousins . 
  oh god why, 
  hungover bojangles poops are seriously the worst . 
  source : am college student in carolinas , mah bowels, 
  at least they are n't detroit !, 
  oh no , i 'm the first generation american of two irish immigrants . 
  you got ta remove yourself from the ex . 
  remember you are an individual regardless of them . 
  do not do what my ex did and sleep with my roommate to try and get me mad . 
  that 's childish and petty . 
  pls no . 
  already have horror stories about my girlfriend 's grandparents explaining their intimate life during thanksgiving . 
  i can never watch packers lions again without cringing . 
  i hated it as a little kid . 
  as a college student i grt free shots and see lots of boobies . 
  it 's nice, 
  got drunk . 
  yelled like an idiot at everyone . 
  trust me , some people are that fucking lazy .
