  statikk is pretty bad on gp now . 
  it gives no valuable stats . 
  you are right with heavy ad . 
  personally i go tri infinite edge then tank up, 
  my so 's favorite drink is a sprite with watermelon rum and fresh watermelon cube in it . 
  one day we wanted to go day drinking at a pool and had nothing but that and my craft beers ( she says they are nasty , more for me ) . 
  i tried it , it was a sweet drink with no bite . 
  she loved it . 
  thank you years of college bar tending . 
  dumb boyfriend alert . 
  my aunt owns a paul mitchell certified salon . 
  my girlfriend wanted her nails done in a neat shade of blue and her hair dyed blonde for her sorority recruitment . 
  we 've been together for 3 years and this is king f'up . 
  i logged into her pc data system to book the appointment ( key f up , i invented this inventory system !, 
  this is totally on me ! ), 
  and made the date . 
  blue nails , some type of bright blonde streaks . 
  i guess i wrote the wrong thing , i wrote blue nails and blue streaks . 
  oh my god she was pissed . 
  but her sorority sisters thought she had so much pride . 
  i just ended my lease with the couch now that the blue washed out . 
  being a complete dickbutt to waiters/waitresses . 
  my girlfriend and i were recently on a double date where the other couple would bad mouth the waiter once they left . 
  they then refused to tip because the waiter forgot a lemon in her water . 
  i covered and vowed to never go out with them again . 
  that should be punishable by community service . 
  better yet , you get to be an unpaid member of wait staff to get justice served . 
  in short , do n't be a cunt to waiters/waitresses . 
  jesus i 'm sorry your brother in law sucks . 
  does the dating family instantly become shitty once you get engaged . 
  it is almost that time for me and everyone says this happens . 
  i kinda do n't believe it . 
  anyway that 's untreated . 
  no offense fuck your brother in law what a dick, 
  yup , i just turned 19 a few weeks earlier and was home for thanksgiving ( out of state school ) . 
  uncle bought us a six pack and flatly said `` let 's get the fuck outta here . 
  dad texted us and said it 's okay to leave , this is a fucking shit show . '', 
  holy shit how early did you leave ??? 
  i have been to a few jet games , that one sucked super duper hard because it was a birthday gift from my dad . 
  on my old phone i screen capped conversations . 
  the vast responses were `` tough break . 
  to my asshole pat fan roommates going '' hahahahahh you guys fucking suck '' to my current so saying `` just come home , this is awful . 
  why did you make me a jet fan , this is worse than getting pregnant young . 
  i carry this shit for my life '', 
  gen was n't the qb for the thanks giving game . . ? 
  devs , jets , mets , nets, 
  it 's called a difference of opinion . 
  i work in a large law firm so i see no need to make anything else different . 
  as someone who worked as a wait staff member for years and was treated as a second class citizen for it . 
  yeah this makes sense to me . 
  but it 's fine . 
  you 'd probably call me stupid for it anyway . 
  that 's not really an issue . 
  minimum wage is meh to me being treated like a second class citizen for your job is awful . 
  can never say i have been to one . 
  but , i try to be polite to wait staff regardless of where i am on business . 
  i worked for years doing it and was demoralized when i was treated like i had a disability because i was 16 working as a barback/server at a restaurant . 
  i mean it makes sense . 
  but i would still attempt to not act like a ball bag . 
  it 's like bartending . 
  i saw tons of people every nught . 
  but i remembered the ones who tipped nice and had their drinks ready before they even ordered . 
  because thy were n't degenerate assheada, 
  i am a jungler and seeing vayne makes me drool . 
  i have been a rengar main since his release ( give old artwork back ) . 
  anyway , i tell my adcs generally to chill and let it roll depending on what the matchup is . 
  ex ; if we have cait they have vayne , i say go ham and bully her . 
  i personally like to gank vayne with my first ult . 
  if she gets killed a few times , most vaynes i have seen tilt super hard . 
  they meander off to solo farm . 
  that 's when i have a field day one shotting them . 
  basically in short , kill her early and ask for jungle help . 
  my buddy mains mid , we have really good sync and generally can carry hard between us both . 
  it 's also because we memorized our play styles . 
  rek ` sai early can dumpster vayne . 
  here is an example of how to communicate the gank . 
  i play rengar and hec as my go to jungles . 
  early on he will pick a mid he is strong on . 
  i pick olaf/noc a ton because he picks lux almost religiously and will get wrecked if i ca n't dive their adc . 
  you and your buddy should try syncing up in champ select . 
  try this combo , go draven and have him go a dive/tank jungler like malphite . 
  his ganks will be weak early , but you want him to be a bullet wall . 
  have him take all the abuse and let you ride the gold wave to the end . 
  rengar main here . 
  i can happily admit my favorite is utter bullshit . 
  if i smell blood and get an early kill , you 're all fucked . 
  i will slink around the map picking off anyone brave enough to leave the base alone . 
  if i die early , lol i 'll just farm then one shot someone to catchup . 
  rengar is op as hell and i love it . 
  my keybinds :, 
  * q = a, 
  * w = s, 
  * e = d, 
  * r = f, 
  * items 1 - 6 in order = z , x , c , t , g , b, 
  * trinket = 4, 
  i played wow arena at a high elo so this just felt natural for me . 
  girlfriend is a nurse . 
  i had massive knee surgery ( borderline full knee replacement at 18 ) . 
  i went under the knife and woke up .
