  honestly i am glad control warrior is back in the meta , it 's been my favorite and best deck since season 1 . 
  as a control warrior main i would never keep brawl in the mirror . 
  my personal success has come from who can ramp armor the fastest/start with teh biggest bang . 
  my ideal starting hand in a mirror is smith , taskmaster , acolyte , win axe coin . 
  turn 1 smith if you have the nerve ( i generally do n't ) and then play it up from there . 
  as a priest i would n't do it either , try and get under the warriors skin by knocking his armor and denying his early start . 
  im sorry man : / . 
  if it makes you any happier the face hunter meta made me cry myself to sleep every night . 
  i 'd get to ranked 4-3 and see nothing but face . 
  it took me like a solid month to get anywhere near rank 1-legend . 
  i do n't like sneed in my warrior but hey more power to you !, 
  not if you dont get steamrolling right away, 
  it 's like karma waiting to happen . 
  `` oh ho ho mr. mage who is laughing now '' stacks 50 + armor spamming greetings . 
  savage, 
  but . 
  it 's a puppy i named it skipper, 
  it should . 
  i just have trouble with it personally . 
  i do n't post high winrate vs. hunters . 
  i 've had it happen this patch a couple of times . 
  i personally refuse to play patron . 
  i love the pulled out of my ass bit . 
  have an upvote . 
  [ it 's okay to not like things , but do n't be a dick about it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_macunt-xq ), 
  i attend usc currently and want to speak on this . 
  i was in the student section of williams bryce at the u-t game when marcus 's leg did a helicopter impression . 
  you could hear his screams from the student section . 
  now that was three or so years ago and let me remind you of something . 
  i was on the farthest end of the stadium about the equivalent of 80 yards away . 
  my old boss , from a physical therapist place i worked at , texted me saying he saw the injury and would be shocked if he could walk let alone play again . 
  sucks marcus did n't make it but holy hell was i shocked when we was picked . 
  that 's where i got that information , but i also read elsewhere that it is only about in-game injuries . 
  a la work related injuries . 
  i think this is a personal one so i got ta research it, 
  edit : geoff schwartz tweeted that the information was private and should n't have been released . 
  have you seen these ganks ? 
  holy shit this is ugly . 
  it 's here for a reason . 
  everything in moderation . 
  well here 's his score , 24 mins in 1/5/2 and he is screwing the pooch big time . 
  it 's ugly bandanna it 's so ugly . 
  i have a slow part in work so i am watching this . 
  as a lover of the cat of my good lordie lou it 's hard to stomach . 
  edit : somehow fnatic is still in this , however , god bless reignover he 's getting the shaft . 
  live and let live . 
  if he wants to make that choice so be it . 
  you do n't need to go on a righteous crusade of health . 
  it happens . 
  people make choices . 
  some wrong some right . 
  who are we to judge ? 
  well if you are n't obese , much like myself and actually focus on yourself why worry ? 
  there is literally no point in fighting the good fight . 
  people will make their own choices regardless . 
  you will not change their minds . 
  sorry buddy, 
  good . 
  i changed my life because i wanted to . 
  but assholes like you are the reason people do n't want to change . 
  good job deleting your comment coward . 
  aka a korean rengar right . 
  lol, 
  i know what yu mean . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  we 're you there . 
  you could hear him yell clear as day . 
  that guy was screaming bloody murder . 
  sure . . . . 
  i heard it clear as day and still got my rally towel from it and i could hear it . 
  if you were there you 'd know that stadium was quiet enough to hear a pin drop . 
  you could hear him writhing . 
  then dude you must be deaf . 
  i heard that from the front of the student bleachers, 
  ignorance is bliss , 
  tankgar makes me so sad . 
  i was smurfing with my fiance ( she just got into league and pretty much plays only tanks like mao , and malph ) . 
  shes ' b1-s5 and my favorite quote `` rengar build tank you stupid noob , stop one shotting people that is useless '' . 
  mfw we had mao , rengar , alistar , draven , viktor . 
  what why do we need any more tank that 's insane . 
  am in college , am still poor . 
  before my cardiologist and nefrologist said stop it or you die young . 
  i mixed it with peanut butter . 
  not bad , normally . 
  however , einstein over here mixed with with an entire jar of all natural peanut butter . 
  unflavored powder + peanut oil + peanut butter = thickest most disgusting thing i have eaten . 
  i also got the bright idea to dilute it with water . 
  i do n't like to think about that day . 
  gold is a cesspool of bronze players disguised as mediocre players - my friend in high diamond . 
  edit : except for rengar mains , were really really good . 
  honestly ? 
  the best do n't tell mom moment was when i went to college . 
  my dad was always a laid back guy , he lost his dad when he was 13 so seeing me in college really got him teary eyed . 
  around august i had to move back to become an ra . 
  anyway , when we got there i had a girlfriend at university and we wanted to `` hangout '' in my dorm `` alone '' . 
  dad , like a total fucking bro , says do n't tell mom but watch this . 
  `` honey , god damnit !, 
  i left my fucking wallet at the wal-mart in far-away-ville ! '' . 
  `` op 's dad we are in another state how could you forget . '', 
  `` i do n't know , it 's like a 40 minute drive , can you take me to get it ? '',
