  well then . 
  columbia !, 
  that remains a secret !, 
  lol that is hilarious . 
  your dad is a bro . 
  it 's a wild time , let me tell you . 
  have fun , but stay city smart dude . 
  it used to be way worse . 
  i mean , i am her son . 
  welcome to college , absolutely zero people are mature . 
  i was 21 and they were immediately inclined to hire to direct 40 + freshmen . 
  do you know how many turds i found in the communal shower . 
  do you ? 
  i can help with that bby, 
  i mean , got basically got a full ride for being the daughter of immigrants . 
  she graduated hs , went to straight to school . 
  finished her degree . 
  i graduated , then got out early from college . 
  i think i 'm doing okay . 
  totally , my dad is totally open about the dumb stuff he did . 
  made me realize he is human , which was kind of nice . 
  welcome to college freshman !, 
  i 'm kidding , i went to a state school in south carolina . 
  graduated early , thank god . 
  ah , that makes sense as a kid who was thrown through the wringer of catholic school for 8 years . 
  i 'm wishing you are your so all the best with your kid !, 
  my dad 's first car was a t-bird with no seatbelts , he used to take it off roading in sand dunes . 
  when asked is n't that dangerous , he said `` of course it was , why do you think i did it '' . 
  typical baby reactions ? 
  i do n't have one and am glad i have n't gotten my girlfriend pregnant just yet . 
  later in life if we are together maybe . 
  i bet babies are a lot of work . 
  but cute !, 
  power move cotton , let 's see if it pays off, 
  see , i want them later . 
  do not want now . 
  i have puppy instead . 
  that is my training bike , kinda . 
  jesus christ mom, 
  ahhhhh see that clarifies it . 
  i thought you were dumping on my mom !, 
  i was like uh , she did just dandy . 
  but no that really sucks . 
  my dad flat out said `` i barely graduated , mom went to an ivy league . 
  you want to be a day laborer like dad in the union ? 
  do n't study '' . 
  i did , but he still had me work with him . 
  that sucked . 
  lion . 
  i had a really really cringey phase where i rocked man-buns circa 2008 before they were cool . 
  when i let down my hair , i had a big poofy mane . 
  so , my friends when we played ultimate frisbee called me lion . 
  shaved it off for college , now it 's still lion . 
  the jets will finally win a ** god damn motha fuckin super bowl ** . 
  in reality , the lopsided nature of our news media . 
  i really hate how it is only negative that hits the mainstream . 
  unemployed recent college grad trying to get my dream job , it worked . 
  thanks haircut !, 
  oh man , i wonder what that makes me . 
  that 's another tactic . 
  however , my dad was the opposite of my mom . 
  he told me how he used to do all these crazy things and i am somewhere in the middle . 
  i dropped an m80 into a rain barrel and blew it up at my grandmas . 
  she was n't phased , `` just ask your father what he 'd do with them '' . 
  i was a novice compared to that pyro-maniac . 
  to be fair , when you give the impression to your kids that they are in the wrong for partying when in college despite maintaining grades . 
  it 's a little hypocritical ya know ? 
  you can relentlessly pursue a dream and you will hit your goal if you 're truly determined . 
  case in point , i got my dream job two weeks out of college . 
  this was the same job everyone for three years told me was too selective and i was `` average '' at best . 
  i did n't give in , now i 'm happy . 
  i honestly agree . 
  i got to where i was because i worked hard and did n't want to give up . 
  people always told me `` you got to know someone , no shot '' . 
  i did n't know anyone i just worked my butt off . 
  i do n't see why people believe in the system , if you work at it you will succeed . 
  see weight loss , i was a tubby kid/high schooler . 
  worked out daily and counted calories , guess what hard work paid and i lost weight . 
  is n't it great to see the fruits of your labor blossom ? 
   was in the international business school at the university of south carolina ( rip my anonymity ) . 
  i was there in the esports club in 2012 when i started , i just graduated from u of sc . 
  their ib courses were brutal , it broke me mentally and i was an rm there . 
  ( rip my anonymity ) . 
  we should link up and play some time . 
  of course , that would be comically bad . 
  for me , i was a business major who wanted a career in sports . 
  it 's very competitive because there are so few openings and it 's something all my professors in my minor preached . 
  i took it to heart and used it to fuel a fire to succeed . 
  how has immortals adapted to the rapid shake up and molding of their roster . 
  each piece seemingly came off as the strong player from each respective previous roster . 
  when comparing to pro sport team ` dream team ' rosters , immortals has dominated in surprising fashion . 
  how did you foster an environment that created such unity ? 
  do you believe this system is able to be replicated with other players ? 
  high school , can not wear uniform tops ( e.g ; football jerseys , softball jerseys , etc ) to school day of game . 
  granted , i went to a regional tech school , silly rule seeing as i played football for my home town . 
  most teachers did n't enforce it . 
  it was the upper level admin that did . 
  all we did was change our shirt in the bathroom to our unders , then throw it back on when they left . 
  you have now been relegated to cattle hand in the 1700s . 
  great idea !,
