  we open shop and guess who is at the front of the line . 
  no it 's not mary-ham , that 'd be silly !, 
  it 's mary-derp and her roommate !, 
  the two walk up and take their food and walk away , no big deal . 
  then a falling star crashes in front of our food table . 
  wait , no it 's not a star , it 's mary-ham . 
  mary-ham thunders down the line , and demands one of everything . 
  the conversation went a little like this . 
   mary-ham : oh man i love bbq . 
  i want ribs and a double serving of pulled pork !, 
  do n't be stingy !, 
  tee ^ hee oh man are those hush-puppies !, 
  my gall bladder will hate me but gim me a dozen or so . 
  i decide to stop the food orgy and bravely turn her down . 
  i told her she can have a single meat and two sides . 
  oh man , i did the wrong thing . 
  the death stare i received . 
  the stare rivaled something like [ this . 
   mary-ham : excuse me , i have a bonafide condishun that says i need extra proteins . 
  its called beetus , aint you collage guhrads heard of that . 
  i cant have no sugars . 
   captain_dux : ma'am we are trying to feed every parent and student in the building , please , if you can choose one meat and two sides we can talk about seconds if there is any left . 
   mary-ham : who said i wanted seconds , you callin me fat boy . 
  i oughta slap you silly . 
  i aint fat , i just am ample to bear chillens . 
  you aint handle non this body . 
  its why her daddy left me too . 
  to diffuse the situation i kinda broke the rules , because i 'm beta . 
  i gave her ribs and the pork to move her along . 
  oh , remember that beetus thing she had ? 
  yeah , she washed the `` proteins '' down with sweet tea . 
  a large , beetus infested , liquefied sugar that is sweet beetus tea . 
  tl ; dr : ham gets mad she ca n't fit on the largest toilet the residents get in their rooms and uses a handicapped stall . 
  ham gets upset she ca n't have two meats because diabetic and then decides to wash it down with a large sweet tea . 
  edit : dat formatting first time probz . 
  hello dumplings !, 
  are n't you all looking pleasantly plump today , and healthy !, 
  so , today while working out ( yes i lift , bro ) i received a phone call , glance down it 's my supervisor . 
  i have a sudden terrible epiphany . 
  i remember that her name is identical to a middle school ~ ~ girl ~ ~ ham-beast who stalked me for majority of middle school / high school . 
  [ now what to do ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/say-you-do-here.gif ) . 
  so , what better way to spend my time between classes then recounting the ~ ~ mental scarring ~ ~ time i enjoyed in middle school . 
  the wonderful cast of this story ;, 
   maybe be captain_dux ; awkward chubby middle school kid . 
  i wrestled , played a lot of world of warcraft ( lok ` tar ogar ! ), 
  6 ' tall . 
  easily 220 ( heavier than i am now . 
   be gurgash ; total badass . 
  an irl friend of mine , played wow with me , was my pocket healer , irl and in game . 
  he was a skinny little thing . 
  loved judo , kicked some serious ass . 
  5 ' 6 '' maybe 150 lbs soaking wet . 
  maybe . 
   please save us if you are ham-man-tha ; a beast of epic proportions . 
  legend had it that her breath was death ( can confirm ) and her roar was famine . 
  her hooves splintered the earth under her massive girth . 
  maybe 5 ' 8 '' easily 300 lbs . 
  she told me , i do n't know why . 
  but she did . 
  so , this was easily 7-8 years ago , and buried in the confides on my mind . 
  i want to recount to all the denizens of fps the time a ham fell in love with me and i [ noped ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/hlysht.gif ) out of that situation . 
  i was an awkward kid . 
  like i said , my only friends were gurgash and my wrestling buddies . 
  when i was alone , i 'd play wow ( hail to the high warlord mother lovers ) . 
  anyway , when i was in lunch , i 'd try and talk to new people to boost my confidence . 
  it generally worked . 
  one day , while sitting with my wrestling buddies i hear them go `` damn , she 's a monster '' . 
  seeing as i do n't understand social ques , i whip around praying to see [ this ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/sml.gif ) . 
  nope , stupid stupid stupid kid , i saw [ this ] ( http://www.geocities.ws/jedidack_12/jabbadahutt.jpg ) . 
  turn around bright red in the face , i was not originally sure if it was male or female . 
  i do the double take ( i am so freaking dumb , stop you fool ) , wearing a fabric sheet i assume is a dress , definitely a girl . 
  turn around quietly eat my celery for lunch . 
  i turn around to to be faced with the beast . 
  two feet away , breathing in my face . 
  now i am forced to conversation . 
   ham-man-tha : hi , i 'm new here and am looking for a place to sit . 
  going to the weight room to meet coach b. 
  take my spot . 
  upon saying those magic words , every guy on the team magically disappears . 
  i am either the world 's greatest magician , or i just sacrificed to the beast . 
   ham-man-tha : well . 
  no one is there . 
  . wan na sit with me ? 
  sure ( quietly plotting an exit , i do n't like this situation ) . 
  the conversation starts and it 's normal . 
  she came from a bad part of the state and moved here . 
  i just kept quiet . 
  she asked my interests and like the little neckbeard i was i blurted out wrestling and wow . 
  oh lord , i sparked the fire . 
  we had an interest . 
  houston , we have liftoff . 
   ham-man-tha : omg , you play wow , im like an amazing night elf druid . 
   dux ; uh . . cool . 
  i play horde . 
  orcs are kinda neat . 
  she then drops the question , saying i 'm really nice . 
  we should hangout , go for drinks , go get food . 
  nope . 
  i 'm awkward , please no . 
  she then said , i was the first guy to be nice to her .
