  to be i figured the only thing i should debate use is cenarion ward . 
  i like it against dispell comps with cultivation . 
  i really thought soul would be better in the long run too vs incarn . 
  what 's your stance on bash vs cyc save bash, 
  currently 2k almost 2.1 on my mw but i 'll take a stab at this . 
  som ( in my case ) is used vs rotty-dotty comps , particularly lsd . 
  i really like not being kicked 97,000 times by sheer , fel , and another spell lock . 
  vs most other comps i will take ama however . 
  have both and mw ( 1800 atm ) and rdruid ( more rusty on , but relearning ( 1550 on druid ) . 
  i got 2k exp with the monk , druid not nearly as close ( 1900 ) . 
  both have completed their artifact weapons os feel free to pm me your btag later . 
  i 'll add you . 
  i may not be of much use , but i am a mw around the same cr and looking for a solid comp to push 2.2 with . 
  i will add you once i am home from work . 
  plus , tomorrow we will be covered in 90,000 ft of snow apparently . 
  so , more time to grind . 
  cheers !, 
  just added you , cheers bud . 
  hey man , 2k mw atm and i am converting to resto as well . 
  it 's a tough transition . 
  if yo udont have overgrowth it really really sucks . 
  as resto , you dont nearly have as many `` oh s *** buttons '' . 
  however , you really have so much spread healing . 
  imagine your hot mini-game as a the `` infinite renewing mist challenge '' . 
  feel free to pm me and i 'll go into detail . 
  for lack of sounding ignorant , are the main mw changes los on soothing and removal of mistwalk ? 
  i still think we have some decent odds in mongo comps , especially with zen . 
  just a thought process i have, 
  hey bud ,, 
  i am a rogue with 2k exp , i can happily try to help you out . 
  next season i want to play my rogue more ( been maining my mw ) . 
  want to do a few games tonight ? 
  pm me your tag . 
  as someone who heals as a rdrood and mw , these nerfs do n't feel totally debilitating . 
  even with the loss of mistwalk , i still feel more mobile than 90 % of dps . 
  however , it has been a pain trying to match with teams as mw . 
  lsd / ( 2 ) , ww/m/d feel very powerful at the moment . 
  but , it is only a day or two into the season , which i understand allows us all a learning curve . 
  i have been excessively watching kitchen nightmares , so / u / _ gordon_ramsay you 're up . 
  if you can find the lamb sauce you can find me . 
  the monk one is pretty brutal but hearing that if i can make it past phase 1 it 's smooth sailing is reassuring . 
  i mainly pvp at a high level ( roughly 2.2-2 .3 ) as a mw so i am used to healing in super precarious spots . 
  i always get smashed on the fourth wave , those scouts and their fucking knife party make me want to pull my eyes out . 
  side note : i am 891 with two legendaries , i have heard if i made it that far into the waves i may have the mechanical skill to survive the later parts . 
  yup , i figured that out , it 's just when you sap one to stop the ramping mage buff you get kind of screwed if you are losing the scouts . 
  is it feasible at 891 ? 
  i have heard it 's not unreasonable , just very difficult . 
  being a pvp healer i am still constantly adapting . 
  i have heard the only really nasty part is healing the soldiers but , they move fairly slowly so you can top them off super fast then go back to your team . 
  is that a fair statement ? 
  i personally do n't use chi-ji , i found myself doing better with serpent statue and focused thunder . 
  is chi-ji that much stronger ? 
  final stage when the boss starts dragging corpses to him . 
  i believe thats what it is . 
  being so strictly pvp this is like a whole new world . 
  i panic so much faster . 
  if you threw me in . 
  2300 arena game id be fine . 
  25 tries i made it to wave 5 wth shard flask and drums . 
  i almost made it . 
  i pulled the mechanics flawlessly and the drums were certainly overkill but i premeditated a sap and it wiped us out . 
  it 's obsurd , i actually broke stage 5 and flopped stage 5 . 
  20 times in a row . 
  i feel like pvpers need to pve now to even think of having a shock here . 
  it 's nuts, 
  tsg with disc works well . 
  my alt is a dk and i exclusively play tsg with my old college roommate . 
  the only caution i have is this , you disc will get trained non-stop against other tsgs or any comp that can ramp pressure . 
  he wo n't be able to handle it . 
  we 're floating 2.2 k last season and any time we saw a disc we were drooling . 
  we love seeing disc priests . 
  we know if i slam necros , the war follows up with an aoe fear and a sharpen . 
  we blow that disc right away . 
  on a good note , we also never die when we have a disc , 
  great info mate , will certainly check you out !, 
  what do you enjoy about lschi ? 
  i feel like you are n't sap sweeping nearly as much but ringing your dps to keep them off . 
  wmchi seems like a good idea . 
  what is your opinion on ama vs surge ? 
  i typically take surge vs rot comps . 
  what are your views on this ? 
  that 's what i figured . 
  been using ama exclusively and use mana tea if i 'm scared of oom, 
  who remembers the patriots [ 1 millionth ] ( https://meagainstiniquity.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/ihateniggersspatriotsnfl.png?w=830 ) follower . 
  edit : this minorly blew up . 
  it 's so disheartening to see mw consistently on tier 4 . 
  that sucks so hard . 
  i feel strong but i agree , i 'm debating just playing my rdruid this season , even though i suck at it . 
  may just level my hpally super fast . 
  i 'm hoping . 
  2.2 seemed like a breeze last season . 
  now 1600 is like hell . 
  i am so baffled . 
  this makes me feel slightly better . 
  i heard in a month or so elos will normalize . 
  definitely !, 
  i think having holy pally in my back pocket is still good . 
  or just learning to not be a shitty rdruid, 
  2.2 on mw , im doing a 200 point push increase from first season . 
  i was 1800 legion 1 , 2k season 2 , now i want 2.2,
