  it 's absurd . 
  people are incredibly lazy . 
  it 's mainly for the article . 
  dude , it 's like 10 times worse the shatsbys . 
  yup . 
  in hindsight i felt awful . 
  my parents thought it was funny . 
  they always joked i 'd be in sales after thst . 
  woops i 'm a career marketer and salesmen . 
  championsuggest : na captain dux, 
  so he 's a sister fister ? 
  of course because i live in na ( moved from eu i missed it ) !, 
  i do n't follow na but will have to monitor it !, 
  i 'll keep you up to date on eu-gar, 
  it 's okay  i 'll let it slide . 
  this time . 
  that 's the thing . 
  you are gambling it 'd bad . 
  you need to understand the times you do get a good card it ends well . 
  knowing you played warcraft makes my inner warchief very happy . 
  however , being a hunter makes my warrior / rogue main go into a fit of epic tilt professional poker players ca n't fix . 
  great stories though . 
  remember the warrior code vs hunters . 
  abh !, 
  always be hamstring , and reflect traps . 
  the term e-sports refers to a big play within the moba variant of gaming . 
  or if you are playing a card game ( such as hearthstone ) shoutcasters ( the casters ) will yell `` e-sports ! '', 
  during a bout of rng ( random number generation ) . 
  these play signify huge tempo swings in the game , generally changing the outcome . 
  if a caster yells `` that is e-sports for you ! '', 
  here are two examples below to demonstrate the correlation to pro sports . 
  it 's like yelling `` oh damn ! '', 
  after a huge sack in football on a 4 & 10 when you 're going for the game winner . 
  it 's picking off a hail mary with 30 seconds on the clock , fumbling the ball and watching the other team take it to the house . 
  it 's like chris berman says `` that 's how the cookie crumbles '' , no real meaning besides `` damn that was a big play '' . 
  source ; played football and wrestled for years , closet e-sport maniac . 
  24 . k - 2.7 k warrior , rogue , mw monk here . 
  not standing the fire [ 3hard5me ] ( http://www.warcrafthuntersunion.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/geddon.jpg ), 
  no no , that is the arena rating on a 3kish scale :p . it 's fine . 
  i generally play with my girlfriend as my pve healbot . 
  i kill it , she tells me where to go and what to tank . 
  i do it . 
  never that easy in pvp , playing warsong gulch with her is a freaking nightmare . 
  im gon na blindly charge the flag . 
  oh sweet jesus no stop . 
  ( thankfully i have decent pvp gear and warriors are dumb so i can 1 v 4 if she puts hots on me ) . 
  been a fun 4 years with her . 
  yeah that 's when you see guys like me honor farming with guildies like , look boys freshmeat pver . 
  lolrekt . 
  i think i twoshot a priest ? 
  i felt bad , but then he tried to bm me when i died . 
  did n't feel bad . 
  camped him all game and kept killing him . 
  makes sense , i come from the control warrior school of thought where i play passively slowly building the storm and spending resources frugally . 
  then in one flash the board is clean as a whistle . 
  that kinda sucks mist weavers stink . 
  i loved being mobile and healing for tons . 
  that actually totally sucks . 
  so arms is still face roll bladestorm gg ? 
  sucks , but can a mechanically sound mw monk make a living in pvp . 
  i know restos probably do my job but way better . 
  shucks, 
  checked the section , did n't see it . 
  that 's why i posted it . 
  can i please have a link to exact archived thread ? 
  tried using key phrases did n't come up . 
  thanks for attempting to be a decent human being . 
  if you fart in public it really is n't that big of a deal . 
  exception to the rule : do n't fart in the elevator . 
  then you are an evil douche cannon . 
  story time :, 
  riff raff came to my university and played a banger of a show . 
  people said he 's a total idiot and should n't be playing music , but i 'll be damned . 
  dolche and gabbana is a [ kick booty song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxls-cpgbe0 ), 
  nietzsche and lao tzu . 
  how awesome would it be to get shit-canned with two philosophers and hear what they have to say after like 4 or 5 rounds . 
  i just want to talk drunken philosophy . 
  wait i do n't want to blow my peanut butter up . 
  i cant eat that !, 
  you did not . 
  you fiend, 
  wait i can make peanut butter flavored ramen . 
  where have i been, 
  oh my god your brother just turned my stomach . 
  holy crap . 
  i understand the ** mad gainz ** life style , but holy fuck that is nasty . 
  this . 
  this is cookin ' with peanut butter . 
  am male , lost at step number 2 . 
  i am beyond curious . 
  maybe i can make peanut butter bacon snacks . 
  ( arteries cringe but it 's worth ), 
  yeah that is fucking nasty . 
  no offense to him . 
  i mean , my girlfriend does some weird shit with peanut butter too . 
  the most heinous offense was getting vodka , reducing it with peanut butter . 
  then gets salmon . 
  covers it . 
  i was like no fucking way am i eating that abomination . 
  am irish , do like potatoes , i enjoy candy .
