  i feel that this beginners guide opened up a wide variety of discussion . 
  also , my knowledge of rengar helps new rengar mains follow a good path to learning . 
  do you bring any other skills or assets to the table ? 
  i bring a wealth of professional business knowledge , mastery of social media , and overall drive to the table . 
  my attitude when it comes to work is 100 % or 0 effort . 
  i will always put forward 100 % of my effort . 
  if there is one thing you would change about the sub , what would it be ? 
  there 's a top post on the subreddit that obviously goes against the posting guideline . 
  what do you do ? 
  remove the post while explaining the reasoning behind it . 
  if a post contains low effort and 0 content then an explanation as to how to improve a post like the one posted may be of assistance . 
  describe yourself with 3 words : young , driven , and hungry ( got any food ) . 
  best disney song , why ? 
  simply put no other song can hold a torch to ` friend like me ' . 
  the song is inspiring , the fast tempo creates excitement , the flashing animations for the time were riveting . 
  plus it 's totally my favorite childhood song and robin williams was the man . 
  do n't the mini-hitlers are sponsored by bananas too . 
  there is a common trend amongst your games . 
  you will win your lane either super hard , and your team will suffer . 
  or you will get steamrolled . 
  what i suggest is start looking for tp plays . 
  darius is a bully at best , you want to force your opponent to b then shove that lane to death . 
  you may want to practice your darius a little more , if you intend to main him practice . 
  your win rate is a little low on him ( 36 % ) . 
  i was around that winrate on rengar when i decided i wanted to main him . 
  i changed my winrate from sub 30 to high 50s . 
  it 's all in practice !, 
  pm if you have questions !, 
  lw youmoo are basically mandatory on any rengar including cdr boots . 
  basically . 
  take a break from ranked on darius dude . 
  viable , but not optimal . 
  you 're not pressing any advantages with darius however . 
  you definitely need to practice . 
  that 's why you should take a break and go to normals . 
  36 % win rate no matter how you explain it out right is n't a gleaning gem of hope . 
  i 'm not saying give up on him it 's hopeless but you want to practice . 
  that 's for sure . 
  like i said every lane lost in your games . 
  your bot lanes were close , but had no help . 
  not even from jungle . 
  try rotating . 
  carry tp and make big plays . 
  but that 's on you man i wish you the best, 
  that 's your opinion man . 
  i am just going with what the top tier guys say . 
  they advocate similarly , you can get mobis , it 's just generally better to get ludicity more often than not . 
  but i have seen them occasionally go mobis when falling behind . 
  hey man , great to see a rengar main doing an ama . 
  question about lane ganking pre-6 . 
  more often than not , everyone shoves shoves shoves and i find lane ganking hard with my favorite cat . 
  how can i counter act this ? 
  i can gotten a lot more sneaky with my ganking . 
  any advice for pre-6 lane ganking on a shoved lane that is deep in enemy territory ? 
  also , how the flying monkey butts do i beat riven or irelia top as catman . 
  i have done it but it makes my life living hell . 
  i may not be the good at a lot , but i am the best at trying . 
  time to roc the cats eyyyyooooo . 
  yeah if i see irelia or riven top i tend to go tanky and just be annoying on a different champ like olaf or maokai . 
  however , when i have beaten them it was because i roamed mid and got fed off slapping mid silly . 
  when i say deep in enemy i mean the danger zone ( 20-30m from tower ) my biggest complaint is lack of communication . 
  but i appreciate your advice . 
  if you are available , i 'd love to play a game or just chat about rengar . 
  this season i went from b5 - s2 with rengar and vlad . 
  im kinda proud of myself seeing as i took twoyears off from league to play hearthstone and dota at high elo . 
  p.s : i 'll trade legend decks for advice to gold lol, 
  no just because roccat sucks and i think elemets has a shot this time . 
  oh god please elements , my heart condition gets worse with every eulcs game . 
  sorry to ask this here , i was reading this thread and remembered you main rengar . 
  i doubt rengars rune page will change , apen , cdr , etc etc. 
  but , would you say hex is core on kitty jungle now ? 
  just a though !, 
  nefarian creates doubt . 
  that 's why i take nefarian , it makes you go but what does he have . 
  pretend you are a mage . 
  i drop nefarian as control warrior vs freeze mage . 
  i play two secrets the next turn and an acolyte of pain . 
  tell me right now what secrets i played and why . 
  you have no idea !, 
  that is why i love nefarian he makes people doubt themselves , it 's such a good card to play mind games with . 
  plus he has outright won me games . 
  which is kinda nice . 
  fair enough , just thought it may be a situational item, 
  how can you combine the two things i hate most in one picture . 
  caps on , flame on , holy shit this is infuriating . 
  that 's been my normal strategy , the problem is if she lands something by me messing up oh boy i am in trouble . 
  but hey good on ya for helping !, 
  that 's the mental aspect i was talking about . 
  i have baited out huge misplays by hovering spells . 
  for instance , was playing vs midrange hunter . 
  all i had in hand were arcane shot and tracking . 
  i had a stg raptor from my based shredder . 
   well played, 
   well fought , i concede, 
  is n't this some kind of hipaa violation i mean holy smokes ? 
  in higher ranks ? 
  sure 5 + any freeze mage sees me armor up turn 2 and says yeah f this . 
  ranks 15-5 i have seen a lot more freeze mages with the mentality of `` nah i can win this '' . 
  i mean i just giggle once a freeze mage figures out it 's control . 
  they either instant concede or wait for me to make a massive error .
