  i got ta find this recipe !, 
  do not know where mustardtiger went to school . 
  404 peanut butter not found . 
  ^ doing this for years . 
  tried putting it in oatmeal . 
  super energy right ? 
  nope . 
  turns solid faster than quik-crete : c, 
  i can work with this . 
  i 'm looking to get a puppy soon !, 
  i need to document that . 
  just the smell alone man . 
  awful, 
  her poor pet cat . 
  she must have had to shave it !, 
  it 'd take weeks to grow back !, 
  this sounds like it is beyond dank . 
  i know what i 'm doing . 
  mutha lovin peanut butter apples . 
  it was my 21st and my girlfriend decided we need alone time . 
  well , i had been drinking since 10am and well , i was `` totally '' into it . 
  apparently she recalls it as this . 
   i thought you were breathing really heavily like you normally do . 
  until you came , when i looked up i wanted to see a smiling drunk guy on his birthday . 
  you were stone cold asleep . 
  that breathing was when you started snoring . 
  i was originally pissed , but remember you were stone cold that night . 
  still with me after 3 years . 
  god i love this girl . 
  okay this is a winner . 
  how was clean up ? 
  i really hope this is n't the case . 
  i ca n't make my almond post-run bars if this is the case . 
  pecans are like gold where i am ( moved to the south from the northeast to be with m'lady ) . 
  i am sad to hear about cali . 
  a lot of my family lives out there and it is really rough . 
  how do i do this and where can i buy it, 
  i 've done the swallowing air trick for years . 
  brilliant , bloody brilliant . 
  if the poster is up i applaud you . 
  edit : i 'm on peanut butter cloud 9 and mistakenly assumed you hung it up . 
  i am gon na go back to my jar of happiness . 
  well , being in cardiac country as i call it has pecans malformed into beetusy treatusies . 
  but god damn is peach cobbler with pecan crust so good . 
  ever ^ once ^ in ^ a ^ while ^ teehee, 
  my peanut butter cells can not handle the excitement . 
  but those sweet sweet jelly bleeds are like solid flavor . 
  albeit a little * moist *, 
   in college, 
   not a lot of money, 
   [ mrw i am so happy for this soup ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/brc.gif ), 
  nah yo , about to graduate , i just have very little money and am scraping together a job . 
  praise jeebus so has a job in a hospital . 
  oh god , i can make this as a cheat meal once a year . 
  i 'm pre-hypertensive so i keep my diet in check but one cheat wo n't hurt . 
  plug in my favorite album of the time , go to a lake near my house . 
  run . 
  just run . 
  it is so rejuvenating . 
  basically i am one of the lucky few who were gifted hypertension for no reason . 
  ( i was a case study for three doctor 's in three major cities ) . 
  there is no rhyme or reason as to why i am why i am . 
  however , it 's behind me . 
  personally i avoid all things in high salt . 
  it could send my blood pressure into an epic tilt . 
  i avoid a lot of fatty foods and red meats . 
  basically i eat very clean and almost vegetarian at times to just keep my blood pressure in check . 
  i run and work out religiously to keep of excess weight and maintain a good heartbeat . 
  valid point . 
  i mean i have an assass rogue i have played since vanilla , i know majority of the rogue specs so i can hop that if no one wants a high caliber mw . 
  eeeessshhhhh . 
  that hurts to hear . 
  but thank god assass got buffs . 
  i love dispatch comboing someone . 
  i definitely will re-try it once i get back . 
  i am just really sad mw sucks though ( need my new laptop to play ), 
  no pls no . 
  i mean it can work , if i 'm behind after my hydra youmoo and lw . 
  i may dabble in tank items , but i 'd rather not . 
  the dude straight up out classed him . 
  at least he did n't tear him down . 
  this is brilliant . 
  i always skip warrior buy that 's me . 
  they ca n't kill me if they are dead . 
  i rarely eat meat !, 
  my biggest indulgence is chicken . 
  i love love love chicken . 
  never give it up, 
  no salt that 's it !, 
  says super-minion + bird, 
  rengar , every single time . 
  easy for me to pick off , and in a pinch i can go tanky . 
  nothing is more fun than sneaking around the map making adc 's cry if they try to solo farm . 
  [ check out the doubles ] ( http://content6.flixster.com/photo/13/67/38/13673864_gal.jpg ), 
  [ check out my dubs ] ( http://content6.flixster.com/photo/13/67/38/13673864_gal.jpg ) - lol subreddit, 
  maybe i was n't clear as to what i meant with devourer . 
  i meant in this devourer rampant meta how does he stand , does n't necessarily mean he has to use it !, 
  it may just be my elo ( s3-s1 ) is why i am seeing such strong performances off of him . 
  i will see many many people pick big beefy tops . 
  see sion , malph , or in a lot of cases hec .
