  bludgeon the tower . 
  i got time . 
  if not , i would just smack it about once or twice , deny his lane exp . 
  get out of dodge and claim my gold reward ( top/jungle player here ), 
  i may be bronze but i am sure as hell gon na fight like the devil to get out . 
  i am learning . 
  i main rengar , so my biggest flaw has been thinking ` team will surely follow up after i pinged , right comrades ' . 
  jump in take out two . 
  team show how dies 4 v 3 . 
  i feel bad : c. 
  but hey . 
  b2 0lp is better than b5 0lp where i was a month ago . 
  i am horrible with colors . 
  we eventually learned my sense of color is awful . 
  so my girlfriend needs to literally say this is closest to what of the basic colors . 
  eg ; we go shopping for a pink shirt ( flamingo themed party ) . 
  i see a pink shirt , great let 's get out . 
  * no op that 's salmon . 
  what , what no that 's a fish you eat not a color , i 'm buying it . 
  that fight lead her to figuring out i was not color oriented . 
  i could find a misplaced period on a page , do mental acrobatics with fractions , or figure out the change on a 25.63 bill before the register . 
  but i ca n't see the color salmon . 
  we learned to just ignore my bad sense of color . 
  now she just says no that 's closer to blue hun , look at it again . 
  i generally can figure it out . 
  we fought over the way i tie my tie . 
  i tie all my ties in an [ eldredge knot ] ( http://agreeordie.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/eldredge-knot-gold-300x300.jpeg ) it 's unique , a conversation starter , and distinct to my look . 
  she said i was doing it wrong , she saw me teaching he brother how to tie the eldredge and was doing it in reverse . 
  small nuclear war between us , quickly resolved when she watched me do the tie in the mirror . 
  we still laugh about it to this day . 
  have n't seen a marco 's since i left the south for work in new york . 
  on a reliable note , if you are going to go all out night-in . 
  get a pizza while you watch a movie . 
  i am not hating him because it 's fun . 
  i never liked him . 
  his attitude kinda comes off as condescending . 
  it 's kinda like tom brady . 
  do i hate him as a player , god yes because i am a jet fan . 
  but i bet he is a great guy and i respect him as an athlete . 
  if he was on my team i 'd be ecstatic . 
  however , seeing him throw a pick does make me happy . 
  if that makes sense . 
  it 's kinda like seeing nb3 botch a gank . 
  he 's heralded as the second coming of christ on rengar . 
  i prefer other players , but if i had his skill i would be happy . 
  he 's a way better player than me . 
  i just dislike his stream . 
  edit ; also , in less words . 
  it 's not to say i have n't learned neat tricks from indirectly watching him . 
  his map presence is phenomenal . 
  precisely , i do n't hate him . 
  his chat is just a borderline wasteland . 
  ca n't say much , i follow qtpie and theoddone a lot and their chat is no better , if not worse on a bad day . 
  but like i said , do n't hate him because ` yeah fuck nb3 he 's nb3 ! ' . 
  i 'm in the field of sports marketing , it 's hard enough to market some athletes just because they have their talent . 
  i ca n't respect that . 
  if you dislike someone for quantifiable reasons . 
  * he is a bad free throw shooter and claims to be good . 
  * his fundamental play style does n't agree with mine , great player but i ca n't really like xyz . 
  hope i do n't come off as bandwagon hater . 
  just like the reference above , i like seeing nb3 throw a metaphorical interception . 
  i still dream of having a quarter of his skill . 
  that 's a really cool one . 
  would you be tempted to sell that ? 
  it must be worth a metric ton . 
  i can understand the pain . 
  my mom threw away my signed joe namath shirt from when i was little . 
  it was a ny titans shirt with namatah 's signature in white indelible marker . 
  `` it was too small anyway '' . 
  i 'm in my 20s now and that still gets me mad . 
  i do n't see any of those players on the chargers roster . 
  i hope they get a good lawyer !, 
  no , but he has stone hands . 
  does that count ? 
  that would be a terrible gift . 
  read comments , virtually the same phone number due to ch and being on a family plan . 
  did n't read the names . 
  human error . 
  i mean , my little cousin just enrolled there so i ca n't hate them like i used to . 
  [ ayyy ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/632/652/6ca.jpg ), 
  to me it 's not acceptable until i am in silver . 
  i am working on mechanical stuff and decision making . 
  frankly i know i am bad , but hell . 
  i am proud of what i am doing . 
  55 % winrate on rengar over 105 games ( including ranked 5s with buddies ) is pretty sweet . 
  he 's my ticket out, 
  surprise , i got you nose bleeders and i am going to sit the presidental suite with hookers and play blackjack . 
  bye honey . 
  best prank ever . 
  but hey , it did n't workout that bad i just thought i totally screwed up . 
  i mean , at the time , i thought i shit the bed . 
  i texted her all the dirty details about her birthday with gifts . 
  reddit affirmed you did n't fuck up , you just gave her a kick ass gift early . 
  the way she reacted when i got home completely reaffirmed this notion . 
  [ it was great success ] ( http://rs37.pbsrc.com/albums/e77/rushingteach/borat-1.jpg~c200 ), 
  i love the eldredge , i have been stopped a couple of times and asked if i pay someone to do it . 
  no , i just practiced a lot in front of a mirror until i got it right . 
  doing a 2-in-fold feels so , disgusting to me . 
  i think in a strategical sense . 
  scissor your receivers , if a & b receivers have stone hands .
