  she kept trying to slide close . 
  mind you , i met her no more than 15 minutes prior . 
  she was coming close . 
  to this day , the smell she emitted was burned into my brain . 
  it was a combination of burnt pizza and bath and body works . 
  two things that seem decent separate ( being polite ) , but in junction form an unholy smell that made me choke . 
  she slide really close now and said the follow words that still haunt me . 
  `` we can even do some ... dungeons . 
  if you catch my drift . 
  so ... swing by '' . 
  activate any excuse to flee mode . 
  social anxiety all time high . 
  . red alert red alert . 
  i start dodging those invites like i 'm [ muhammad ali ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/camb1.gif ) . 
  you name an excuse , i probably dropped it . 
  anyway , i have matters outside the world of lovely reddit to attend to . 
  i 'll post each part as frequently as i can . 
  til next we meet my chubby lumps !, 
  edit : i suck so hard at formatting . 
  hello chillens , my sugahs got a little low . 
  so , i decided to post a new fps for all you shitlords . 
  this tale is pretty bone chilling , this is an account of how despite all my efforts , it is true you can not stop a raging ham-beast . 
  maybe this beast was just lusting , i do n't know i am shuddering writing this . 
  anyway , i want to reintroduce the characters . 
   maybe be captain_dux ; awkward chubby middle school kid . 
  i wrestled , played a lot of world of warcraft ( lok ` tar ogar ! ), 
  6 ' tall . 
  easily 220 ( heavier than i am now . 
   be gurgash ; total badass . 
  an irl friend of mine , played wow with me , was my pocket healer , irl and in game . 
  he was a skinny little thing . 
  loved judo , kicked some serious ass . 
  5 ' 6 '' maybe 150 lbs soaking wet . 
  maybe . 
   the deceiver ; gurgash 's girlfriend thing ? 
  we were in middle school . 
  she organized what would be my funeral . 
   please save us if you are ham-man-tha ; a beast of epic proportions . 
  legend had it that her breath was death ( can confirm ) and her roar was famine . 
  her hooves splintered the earth under her massive girth . 
  maybe 5 ' 8 '' easily 300 lbs . 
  she told me , i do n't know why . 
  but she did . 
  anyway , i titled this piece ~ ~ because i kissed a ham ~ ~ ~ ~ was violently attacked by her gaping maw ~ ~ because i suffered something far worse than death . 
  a kiss from a ham-beast . 
  now remind you , this is middle school . 
  i did n't know what any of this was . 
  i had recently transferred from a catholic school , played wow a lot , yada yada . 
  onto my funeral shitlords !, 
  this is you average school day , i had learned ways to avoid ham-man-tha . 
  the beast would drudge the halls in search of ~ ~ food ~ ~ me . 
  this was around this time was our school 's semi-formal for us middle schoolers . 
  everyone had a date , except guess who . 
  that 's right , the beast . 
  i think she could smell my singleness and innate fear of the semi-formal . 
  she hunted me , night and day . 
  my tactic to survive ? 
  run like hell and hope no one sees me sprinting for my salvation . 
  now , enter gurgash . 
  he notices for the past few weeks i 'm sprinting almost across the entire school to the boys locker room . 
  he pulls me aside, 
   gurgash ; dude are you okay ? 
  you literally sprint from room abc to the locker room . 
  everyday , are you running from death ? 
  ( little did i know ), 
   dux ; no worse , i think ham-man-tha has a crush on me and wants to ~ ~ eat me ~ ~ take me out to the semi-formal . 
   gurgash ; * gags * lol what . 
  she wants you ? 
  of everyone , what did you do ? 
  feed her ? 
  you know wild animals circle for food once they are fed ? 
   dux ; no you jerk !, 
  i was nice to her . 
  i literally am nice to everyone , why does she want me ? 
  now note , gurgash had a girlfriend so i considered him a master of girls . 
   gurgash ; rookie move , she thinks you like her by being nice to her . 
  you need to tell you are n't interested . 
  hey , were having a party at the deceivers saturday . 
  she is friends with ham-man-tha , come and be nice , if you ignore her there she 'll totally get the hint . 
  why did i say yes here ? 
  because i am an aimless kid then and assumed everything my friends ' said was gospel especially if i did n't know about it . 
  e.g : female communication / contact . 
   dux ; dude , you 're a freakin ' life saver . 
  so off i go to wrestling , awesome night . 
  i won all my bouts and we swept the competition . 
  this is when my dad and i would celebrate . 
  we went to my favorite local pizza joint . 
  * but dat veggie pizza * so we trot in and i order my favorite all veggie pieces . 
  i hear a gurgling and squealing . 
  are they butchering meat fresh in the back ? 
  it explains the damn good sausage and onion pies . 
  nope , it 's ham-man-tha . 
  i turn around to face the beast . 
  i look at her plate . 
  she has eaten 3 pieces of pizza , a stromboli , and is working on a half sub . 
  home girl did n't like crusts , hence why i ca n't trust her . 
  did you just get off wrestling !, 
  i can totally tell , you smell masculine . 
  i watched all your bouts . 
  you were really dominant .
