  i am man , i am stupid , so i grab a live pipe my dad did n't turn off . 
  burn the skin off my hand screaming all kinds of lovely words . 
  from the top of the stairs i hear , `` it 's okay i still love you ! '' . 
  stopped working , asked her if she said it , she nodded and flounced away . 
  never gon na forget it . 
  gah , i know where you are coming from . 
  my so was on atlerac hill ( would call it a mountain but the pvp was dead ) . 
  i went there coming from warsong ( yeah . . . not what it was , but i ranked in top 15 teams in seasons 3-7 ) . 
  anyway , even though my guild knows my girlfriend has become my pocket healer . 
  ( but who needs it when you can second wind ) . 
  they still hit on her . 
  she just says her mic does n't work anymore too . 
  it 's super sad . 
   day drinking with girlfriend at a pool, 
   get burritos to cure her upset stomach, 
   she gets horny and says she wants to surprise me . 
  i assume later and go to nap on the couch . 
   i fall asleep on the couch wake up to a girlfriend doing a drunk bj . 
   hear the standard drunk `` hork '', 
   i came , she threw up . 
  ( we were having a dry spell so there was a lot of ammo ) ... 
  it was disturbing but oddly satisfying . 
  fell to bronze 2 ( in a sorta free fall , went from b5 to b1 in two days pure hot streak , lost and now i ca n't buy a win ) . 
  however , i come from hearthstone and dota and know sometimes . 
  you just scorching hot and are invincible . 
  that was me a few days ago . 
  i also realize , i make big fucking mistakes in play . 
  i see a situation and time after time think `` i can clean it up , i am sure my team will follow me after a few pings '' . 
  wrong answer . 
  you need to realize everyone is trying to improve . 
  but , realize you need to communicate . 
  i am starting to treat every game like a chat restrict . 
  i scarscely talk besides . 
  `` help top . 
  that was a little greedy , let 's not do that again . 
  dragon 1:25 boys . '', 
  i realize i am here because i suck . 
  not the world hates me and league is evil . 
  no no , i suck , this week has been bad and you feel like you will never win or escape . 
  i feel that way now . 
  i am just stopping ranked and welp , hopefully i 'll climb later . 
  i 'll duo with my buddies from ranked 5s in normals ( all of them are gold/plat ) and i am gon na watch them . 
  lastly , i really should probably stick to my strong picks . 
  rengar , sion , renekton , and viktor to win . 
  i always think well . 
  . . our team really needs this so i should totally go rumble even though i have 7 games on him . 
  nope . 
  i got ta just focus on what i win with . 
  precisely . 
  former heavyset guy ( was 6 ' 5 260-270 26 % body fat . 
  little heavier than i want now 220 10 % ) . 
  it 's relative . 
  my current so is bigger , 5 ' 6 170 . 
  but , i love her for who she is . 
  she is extremely smart and caring . 
  she is a nurse so she will go on runs with me but does n't keep up with me . 
  she is also very very shy . 
  at least she eats well . 
  she is losing weight so i ca n't help but support her . 
  i was 20 . 
  i got turned down because i am from new jersey by birth . 
  `` only trash live in that state '' . 
  jokes on her , she 's pregnant now . 
  here 's a kicker . 
  i am 6 ' 5 '' so my favorite is this . 
  `` i mean , we could date , but you 're too tall . 
  you 'd never fit in my car and my dad ca n't intimidate you '', 
  `` of course you 're tall , you 're one of those dirty irish mixed blood types '' this came from a girl whose last name was o'mally . 
  o flippin mally, 
  `` tall guys have the height but lack elsewhere , no thanks '' i wanted your number not to sleep with you . 
  my personal favorite `` i only date guys i do n't have to look up to , freako '' : c i was 17 so it killed me knowing i was a tall freak-a-zoid . 
  well , not anymore lol life is great being tall, 
  i have been hypertensive since i was 8 . 
  i know the pain you are in man . 
  if you need help with stress related hypertension , i can help you there as well . 
  it 's the closest they have come to my `` special case '' . 
  battletag : captdux # 1808, 
  region : na, 
  role : supports / tanks, 
  about me : rank 8 , high mmr dota/wow arena player . 
  i use raidcall is possible . 
  i just got a new pc so woohoo !, 
  currently decided i want to main li li ( level 8 ) . 
  i got her to level 4 and i decided to go off the belt with my dota knowledge and made a build . 
  can anyone tell me if i am doing it right or wrong ? 
  i normally never die ( due to low level mmr and moba exp ) . 
  build is as follows :, 
  * level 1 : conjurers pursuit, 
  * level 4 : mass vortex, 
  * level 7 : the * good * stuff, 
  * level 10 : jug of 1,000 fuck-you-lolz . 
  * level 13 : shrink ray ( may change to surging winds in situational builds ), 
  * level 16 : 2 for 1, 
  * level 20 : kung fu hustle . 
  i also wan na try arthas , he 's my favorite lore character in wow !!!, 
  any help is appreciated . 
  the math i did roughly comes out to a 25 % higher healing output . 
  i kinda went with the anti `` you done goofed '' build . 
  being in the low mmr , i figure getting a 2 for 1 heal is not only mana efficient but good . 
  the good stuff also is effected by the ap boost .
