  it 's 9pm when she comes , so i am belligerent . 
  i see my beautiful girl in her saint 's jersey i bought her with all her sorority sisters . 
  49ers , eagles , texans , broncos , and the steelers all parade in . 
  party , until her little comes in a packers uniform . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  [ i hate the packers so i started screaming at this girl , i told her to leave and in my drunken tirade i ran up and down the street yelling `` fuck you and fuck green bay ! '', 
  at the top of my lungs . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  [ passed out at 10:30 and threw up all over my favorite jersey really hungover : c. ] ( / spoiler ), 
  how are warriors since the reworks , are they still . 
  . ya know ? 
  how about mistweavers , mained it at a pretty decent elo 2.4-2 .7 k in pandaria , slumped to 2.2 k in wod before i quit . 
  any news or opinions on arms warriors and mw 's current state ? 
  i just really like peanut butter and want to use it in new ways . 
  recently i picked up trundle ~ ~ because spamming his dance is hilarious ~ ~ because he seemed fun and in my playstyle ( rengar , sion , olaf , vlad , gnar , and malphite are in my rotation with my first three being my best ) . 
  so onto trundle . 
  was doofing around vs nasus and just tried to zone him using farm . 
  i got ganked early twice because i am dumb and did n't check my mini-map . 
  to summarize , despite being behind this matchup felt even ? 
  my ult shredded that man , throw in the bork and he was booking it . 
  however , once it was over and he endured the torment . 
  it was my turn to book tail . 
  question is this , does trundle favor this type of matchup ? 
  also , how is he in the meta ? 
  i think he is a decent sleeper op in the devourer meta . 
  hi everyone ,, 
  recently i was doofing around with devourer when i noticed something . 
  vi * can * ( big word here ) use it . 
  so , i figured why not let 's try it . 
  hilarity ensued . 
  rushed devourer , botrk , then a tank item . 
  holy henna . 
  the damage was absurd . 
  is this dumb luck or can this actually work ? 
  i am currently working a job in new york , day and night . 
  my so ( love her to death ) is in south carolina where we attend university . 
  i got to see her for a week in june , but other than that it 's limited communication . 
  she is used to me leaving because she knows i am building a rock solid career and i have told her i want her to be part of my future . 
  whatever that may be . 
  her birthday is coming up , and it 's conveniently around the time i move back to the university to become a resident mentor . 
  so , i have concocted a plan to make her happy . 
  i ca n't be there on her birthday , i just ca n't it 's the end of my tenure at this job and i am training the new employee . 
  however , i decided i 'd make a good impression for her . 
  she is enamored with new york city , and my office is right in times square . 
  so , for her birthday i got her a real gift ( i snooped through her amazon wishlist and saw she recently added a silk bathrobe , knock of the victoria secret one ) so i bought her that in her favorite blue shade . 
  secondly , i decided to bring new york to her . 
  i bought a miniature statue of liberty and tkts stairwell figurine for her to keep . 
  on the bottom i wrote , i ca n't bring you to the city but i can bring it to you . 
  i plan on cooking a dinner for her ( spent years working in an nj pizza shop when my dad lost his job to support our family ) and i want to make her a great meal . 
  she loves calzones and cannolis , so i plan to make a spinach salad , stuffed calzones with peppers , onions , and seasoned turkey sausage ( she loves it ) , and a cannoli dip i found from my old boss . 
  ladies , is this a good idea ? 
  i am not the romantic type , i 'm a business man . 
  i show my love by trying hard and making her laugh . 
  i am kinda a bleeding heart so she knows i just want to help , but i am not good with romantics . 
  tl ; dr - please read it i am a mess right now figuring this out . 
  dota 2 and wow fanboy here . 
  i am looking to bring some heat to heroes . 
  i wanted to know how trigger happy people are to play support . 
  i just unlocked my first champ in lili and am saving up for uther and reh ` gar . 
  do people support here much more than other mobas ? 
  also , when will my favorite true warchief garrosh be released : c. i love arthas and all ( holy tank batman ) but garrosh would be so cool . 
  so , my girlfriend is turning 21 in late july . 
  she is a die hard football fan and has always wanted to go to a game with me and just tailgate and have fun . 
  we never have tailgated , gone to a game , or even sat down for a game together because of work conflicts or just bad timing . 
  it 's been three years , i said `` no more world '' and took matters into my own hands . 
  i ordered two tickets to our alma mater ( usc ) vs lsu ( her family 's favorite team ) and bought a third to invite my dad so he can finally see some sec football . 
  in addition to this , i bought her a `` storybrooke university class of 2019 '' ( huge fan of once upon a time , i ca n't stomach the show but she goes crazy for it ) , and one other trinket she really really wanted . 
  so off i go being a boyfriend , i decide to tell her mom `` hey look what i got girlfriend , can i hide the tickets at your house so she wo n't find them '' . 
  oh ho ho , i am so smart . 
  while i am at it , i may as well rub it in her face she 's going to love this killer gift . 
  well , i fucked up . 
  see , her mom and her share very , very , very , similar names . 
  here is an example . 
  my girlfriend is named christie and her mother is name charolette . 
  i am anal retentive keep all names in my phone as first and last name . 
  even my girlfriend , mom , dad , and her parents . 
  i am odd , but it 's my system and i like it . 
  now , i just typed in ch , boop , first number must be girlfriend , send gloaty birthday text . 
  text 2 , ch , 2nd name , boop all details about the birthday , where the gifts are hidden , what i ordered , where i hid the receipts if she does n't like it . 
  the elaborate lie i said about missing football games this year . 
  all details , all on the line . 
  sent . 
  i just received two text messages . 
  * charolette : haha , i bet she will totally love her gifts !, 
  what did you get her ? 
  you told me you 'd tell me at dinner . 
  . . . p.s : is it a shiny ring ? 
  * christie : shut the fuck up , no way . 
  you did not get me all that . 
  i am on lunch now and going to see my mom , if you did this i will cry . 
  30 minutes later , charolette texts me . 
  * charolette : way to go yankee , she 's crying and found her gifts two weeks early lol . 
  tl ; dr : i fucked up by ruining my surprise . 
  read who you send your texts to . 
  currently dating my wonderful girlfriend of 3 years . 
  her sisters accepted us as a couple at first , i was just an ra on campus . 
  nothing huge . 
  however , recently i took a large job in the city we attend university . 
  it became known i beat out three frat guys , one of which was dating a fellow sister of my girlfriend . 
  now her sister 's are becoming icy and nasty .
