  that is what i am hinting towards . 
  to climb lately , i have been spamming nasus , jax , and rengar . 
  jax and nasus solely because if left to farm ( common mistake i slowly picked up on in bronze ) the game is over before it starts . 
  thanks for instilling confidence in rengar though . 
  i am having a wild time lately jumping on people and making them go * poof * . 
  it 's interesting , i know this sound scummy , but to get out of bronze at the first sign of anger from getting one shot by rengar . 
  i 'd pitch a tent and stomp that person out . 
  i came from mtg , dota 2 , and hearthstone at a higher level . 
  so i really value mind games . 
  was this a bad approach to getting out of bronze and can i still use this `` blood in the water '' technique in silver . 
  i have really refined my targets to mid/adcs . 
  i mean , i work in a field where reading people gives me an edge . 
  but what i noticed as i grow as a league player . 
  the mind games i used in prior games gave me a huge edge . 
  case in point : play rengar jungle , get a huge lead off camping a mid lux . 
  all game he/she is talking big how `` oh you need rengar lol you 're so gay hahah ! '', 
  but after it turned to me shutting him/her down , it turned to anger . 
  `` fucking leave me alone !, 
  stop it ! '', 
  after about 8-9 pure focus on her and the adc they both afk 'd . 
  it was astonishing . 
  i 'll admit i laughed about it , but man abusing that strategy has earned me more games than trying to out play . 
  i just feel . 
  scummy for doing it . 
  it does n't exist . 
  it seriously is your own person demon . 
  i dodge any game i see the word `` troll '' arise . 
  do n't care about the leaving penalty . 
  i have a life outside of league . 
  i was b5 and assumed i was trapped in elo hell because it 's everyone but my fault . 
  want the truth ? 
  i was ** really honking bad ** i mean really bad . 
  i died a lot , i did n't ward , i treated it like tdm . 
  you name it . 
  i got out of it , gathered my shit and now i am silver . 
  elo hell is in your mind , i hate to say it but get that phrase out of your diction . 
  it does n't exist , just like the tooth fairy , elo hell is not real . 
  that 's my thought , but if i get youmoo 's why the hell would i want ghost ya know ? 
  flash seems overall better . 
  jump a wall in stealth , get a kill . 
  jump a wall , steal a drag . 
  it just does n't compute lol, 
  but would you recommend it over flash ? 
  i am just very curious about the possible outcomes . 
  hm , fair enough . 
  i have been using rengar to climb out of silver . 
  he got me through the drudges of bronze , i am just becoming more and more `` sneaky '' . 
  in bronze it was kinda just go off instinct and force the team to fight and capitalize . 
  i am slowly scaling my game back to where it 's all opportunity and waiting . 
  tl ; dr : love the shit out of rengar , more of a patience game than blindly hunting . 
  fair enough , i think i 'm going to stick with flash smite . 
  for top just run ignite flash . 
  easy kills easy life . 
  i see them all building soto though , and it scares the jesus out of me to build that . 
  i feel like this build path is a lot safer , maybe i 'm wrong . 
  blazer  tiamat  basic boots  pickaxe  warrior  lw  cdr boots  youmoos  hydra  ie  sell warrior pd  sell boots for bt if ridiculously fed, 
  check best rengar na and pride . 
  they have run it a few times . 
  bingo and from watching their streams they do it too . 
  i think it 's more of a jerking around thing . 
  tonight we hunt b o y z. 
  love rengar mains . 
  edit : for dank memez, 
  oh hold up lem me fix that ,, 
  god damn you for being so insightful . 
  have an upvote . 
  a monumental day for america . 
  but , part of me is sad it has come to this . 
  `` you now have sanction to get basic rights other ` normal ' human beings are allotted . 
  good day for america , i ca n't wait to see my best friend get married in the coming weeks . 
  i have been using cdr runes and armor pen for a while . 
  early game its tougher to clear . 
  but late game , the pure shred i get is outta this world . 
  it is crazy !, 
  normally once i have my core damage i 'll sell the warrior for an ie or something else . 
  the trailblazer is just a nice kickstarter item . 
  but that makes sense . 
  also , why double ie ? 
  that seems super ballsy and do n't the passives not stack seeing as they are unique, 
  if you read the comments or watched any of the streams you 'd see dekar and pridestalkerr take it . 
  we even had one of the mods come in and clarify . 
  but thanks for the input !, 
  i 've tried going semi tanky on rengar , it just did n't feel right . 
  i kinda like the double pd because you get decent movespeed and your crit chance is almost a staggering 100 % . 
  if my math is right from ie pdx2 . 
  it 's weird i have tried bloodthirster too and that was crazy . 
  overall , i am just happy i found my champion to climb with . 
  it took a lot but rengar is my guy and i love it . 
  do you do any research besides op.gg ? 
  have a nice life dude , try not to get chat restricted or better yet banned with that wonderful attitude of yours . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_qteplogng first game . 
  ghost . 
  try to do a little more research and learn the alternate accounts . 
  but hey , i do n't blame you for being ignorant . 
  i have watched their streams , they both have . 
  they 've run exhaust before , i 've seen on pridestalker 's stream ghost a couple of times but that 's fine . 
  i just prefer the guy above to actually attempt to research the issue before going on the offensive . 
  edit : it was also out of sheer curiousity , i was wondering how well ghost would compliment rengar 's kit . 
  seeing as if you mess up your combo the kill can basically walk away barely breathing . 
  it does n't excuse him acting like a jerk out of the gate .
