  thank you friend . 
  i am here to help . 
  i read people for a living and i work with silence . 
  i do n't care if you do n't want to talk . 
  i will sit there all day and wait for an answer . 
  i work with it , live it and breathe it . 
  we do n't need the north to do our work . 
  we have a wonderful thing called the us military who can do our work for us . 
  because shocker again , we do n't need to shoot guns when all the wealth lies in our major cities . 
  by the way , here 's a history lesson for you . 
  the flag was erected in 62 on the capitol during the civil rights movement . 
  because people realized you looked like racist idiots . 
  it was moved down but the wound still stays . 
  it 's a symbol of bigotry and oppression . 
  battle flag or not , the meaning behind it still stands . 
  enjoy your closeted life . 
  edit : i just realized you assumed i meant people . 
  damn you 're dim . 
  it 's states . 
  45 states . 
  so good luck again . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  we know we have differing opinions . 
  i respect hers she respects mine . 
  we worked it out and we 're happy . 
  have a nice day !, 
  you call me self-righteous but you may need to look in the mirror . 
  okay my fair white knight , a thousaaaaaandddd pardons . 
  carry on , tip tip fedora tip tip . 
  never going to call her dumb . 
  it 's her opinion . 
  it 's like a butthole . 
  everyone has one . 
  yeah it 'd be ludicrous . 
  just as i see the rebel flag as ridiculous . 
  it 's insensing to think about, 
  it 's worked out so far , but do believe i am monitoring this like a hawk for the next few weeks, 
  no one asked your opinion !, 
  hfoamaudiendbd i 'd suffer so badly . 
  i need human interaction . 
  no no , not racist and hateful . 
  more people stereotype you for not having electricity or internet connection . 
  i have drove through mississippi a few times , it 's beautiful . 
  i understand your stereotype pain , born and raised new jersey boy . . . 
  yes/no , mtv kind of framed new jersey as the hell ridden state with a bunch of degenerate jerks . 
  it is also stigmatized as a poor mans new york . 
  it kinda sucks , but once you come here , you 'll love nj . 
  plus , we have taylor ham and kick ass bagels . 
  it 's insane . 
  she and i talked it out . 
  she was genuinely concerned that people were taking away a piece of history . 
  she does n't support all that it involved . 
  but she wanted people to know the southern history . 
  we talked . 
  she understand sometimes history should n't be on government grounds . 
  probably should be in a museum . 
  do n't see how it 's a fear . 
  rather than sheer disgust . 
  i do n't have a phobia of flags . 
  i 'd love to be called a yankee . 
  20 + world series championships ? 
  i consider myself fairly well versed in the history of the union and confederates . 
  there is a difference between the battle flag and rebel in my eyes . 
  it 's not an issue of the flag rather than the place . 
  i do n't care if you think it 's heritage . 
  whatever you do you . 
  i think it has another piece . 
  of course the north had slaves . 
  but their motives were to free them for fiscal reasons . 
  to me i 'm just sick of being called an asshole because i sympathize with the north . 
  i 'm more upset people who never fought in the war are butthurt the confederacy lost . 
  it 's over dude . 
  both sides did bad stuff . 
  let it go . 
  my family was in ireland when it happened . 
  we moved to new york in 1950 and i 'm the first generation born in the us . 
  tl ; dr : history belongs in a museum . 
  not in front of the the state house . 
  my apartment is like across the street from the face of the state house so i 'm really sick of all this traffic lol . 
  see i 'm fine with the flag being flown anywhere besides state house grounds or a university 's property . 
  i have had this opinion for years , so hopefully i come across as rational . 
  you can fly it at your house , your civil war museums , grave sites , anywhere besides those two listed prior is okay with me . 
  what irks me is the ramifications the flag bears . 
  as cited in my prior posts , the ncaa wo n't host many tournaments here because they cite the flag . 
  it 's been that way since i was a freshman in college . 
  it 's irksome , so if you move the flag somewhere else i really do n't care if that makes sense . 
  at least compromise , take it off government grounds . 
  as the owner of two sulfur crested tritans , this is a regular occurrence in my life . 
  . . . and it 's still just as funny to watch . 
  maybe i was n't clear lol . 
  since everyone and their mother is going to hump defensive trees like a dog in heat , how will this effect the aggressive 21 style of rengar . 
  also why will 21 offensive jax be superior ? 
  just pure curiousity, 
  this sounds like you are tilting really badly dude . 
  it happened to me . 
  just stop playing , it what is best . 
  is it hard ? 
  yes , will you turn shit around immediately if you do . 
  hell yes . 
  you need to take a break imho .
