  needless to say she will always remember that birthday because i was in her hospital she 's doing clinicals at getting stitched up by her mentor doctor . 
  i was * literally * a human learning example . 
  still had a great day . 
  it 's what she loves . 
  i mean , normally i 'd make a vegetarian edition that i prefer . 
  with the peppers and onions , but , she wants it . 
  i 'll make it . 
  it was at her request . 
  plus , she 's kinda neurotic about brushing her teeth . 
  can guarantee she will brush her teeth after eating . 
  thanks for the foresight though !, 
  the funny one or the serious one ? 
  funny one : was 3 , mom had baby sister ( about 6 months at this time being a dumb baby ) . 
  she opens the door ( were at a post office in a bad part of town we used to win in , thick metal doors ) behind her and impales 3 year old me in the face . 
  mom got to pay for postage and stitches !, 
  serious : friend is in a nasty fight . 
  i 'm bouncing at the bar . 
  i tell two drunk guys to leave . 
  guy breaks a bottle on my arm . 
  i take him out of the bar . 
  woops , its bad . 
  hospital time . 
  girlfriend ( nurse at the hospital ) patches arm up . 
  today was a good day . 
  hooray for smelly possible after sex !, 
  s a v a g e, 
  fun story , being male . 
  my girlfriend asked me out ( i was socially awkward and in a really bad slump after another girl crushed me . ), 
  we went to a college party and i decided to bring my now significant other . 
  we start drinking it 's a great college party . 
  this is right around my birthday , so , she asks me what i want for my birthday . 
  i am being coy and saying how i really want a new suit , some new parts for my laptop , yada yada . 
  she flatly looks me in the eyes and says `` you know , i have thought you are cute for a long time . 
  you sure you do n't want a girlfriend for you birthday ? '', 
  side bar , she was also a few drinks deep . 
  she later admitted that she hates what i drink ( bourbon , whiskey , craft beers ) and she stomached it to show me she was `` cool '' . 
  i think it 's really cute she did that . 
  i said yes . 
  three years later it 's the best decision i made . 
  but in all reality , i go classic , or headhunter . 
  when i was drinking i bought ssw because `` air jordans op , make me jump farther '' . 
  here is how i describe playing jax into rengar , because in my university 's competitive league i have seen people taking it from me . 
   step 1 : attempt to knife with catman . 
   step 2 : maskman begins helicopter dance to ward off cat . 
   step 3 : can not knife cat , am confused . 
   step 4 : hit with lamppost to remind self not to attack lamppost mask man . 
  sadfeels ensue . 
  she 's a stinker , but i was more thrown off guard than anything . 
  girl has guts , hence her field in nursing . 
  no none sense girl, 
  i play both a lot . 
  i was on the league subreddit and posting a lot but league has been a fix . 
  dirge and brewmaster main here though . 
  it 's my brain being bad : c, 
  not what i am asking . 
  i am saying i like support , i am just asking how common it is in this game . 
  i mean , i definitely want to spam support . 
  i think i could make a better impact playing the `` that was stupid please do n't die '' gamestyle , rather than murdering everyone . 
  my playstyle is tanks and supports in most other games anyway . 
  i am excited to play reh ` gar , dude was my favorite orc in lore ( besides garrosh ) so i am amped when i get the cash to unlock him . 
  fair point , would 2 supports be over kill ? 
  recently a friend and i duo qued as reh ` gar and uther . 
  i felt like nobody ever died , we had a fucking blast too it was awesome . 
  oh no no , not what i am insinuating at all !, 
  i mean i will have some assassins on the back burner , but for heroes supporting just seems so much easier . 
  at least for my style . 
  praise christ . 
  drudging through 4k was an absolutely nightmare . 
   gg stupid noob wants solo dirge , cant even play game right jajajaja . 
  mfw i have 77 % winrate on dirge despite his trash meta time . 
  also , they actually let you take your character without bitching ? 
  no flaming , no crying ? 
  it 's over that 's it ? 
  thanks we are still going strong so why not keep trucking . 
  i do n't want to have a battle of wits with someone who is unarmed . 
  hardcore wow pvper here ( 2.67-2 .7 k mmr ) . 
  was looking for a third for a turbo cleave comp ( warrior on me , friend on ench shaman ) . 
  invite some random priest who was able to link a 2200 achievement . 
  whatever , let 's go . 
  find out she 's a girl cool whatever , heal me i will murder everything in your way . 
  i am not looking for a girlfriend , i got one , i want a healer . 
  friend is single and lonely dude with neckbeardy traits . 
  he is so fucking distracted by her being a `` high level healer '' that he religiously fucks up all our rotations and kill commands . 
  eventually i got so pissed i kicked him and added a guildie . 
  i could n't take the cliche expressions . 
   yeah you heal so well . 
   ooomphhh , if i could only meet you irl . 
   hahah wow dux why ca n't your soon to be fiance heal like this lololol . 
  am i funny random healer please date me . 
  im so good, 
  fucking gah , stop it , oh my god . 
  we got into a huge fight . 
  he admitted he was gaga and eventually he stopped pvping at a high level . 
  because , lo and behold more girls were popping up and he could n't focus because something on his person was popping up . 
  the first time she said i love you . 
  i was being a pigheaded stupid male and was like nope , time conformity says i ca n't say it til x pre-determined date . 
  no way jose . 
  i was head over heels for her . 
  we are in my house in nj , snowed in with my family during christmas . 
  i am in the basement cleaning pipes so they do n't burst .
