  i am already going with snaps . 
   lard and heffer : no you are n't you goon . 
  you 're going with ham . 
   165 & 185 : hah not a shot in hell . 
  he would probably rather slather himself in honey and run a naked 10k through a beekeepers workplace . 
  here comes the classic ham-man-tha rage . 
   ham-man-tha : but dux , you are going . 
  it 's bullshit !, 
  i do n't find how it 's fair you wo n't give me a shot !, 
  it 's probably because i am fat you fat fucking mick . 
  woah , she called me a mick . 
  okay , yes , i am straight irish , but that is offensive . 
  both my parents are fobs . 
  ( well airplane ) . 
  knowing i will see read 165 & 185 jump in, 
   165 & 185 : [ listen here you cow ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/ubxyu8f.gif ) if you call him a mick again , we will make your life fucking hell . 
  got it ? 
  ham nods , and bids me goodbye by blowing a kiss . 
  i cringe and nope the hell out . 
  i did n't let anger get me that time . 
  i decided to be a sneaky little sob and ask snaps out right there . 
  boom , [ mind blown . 
  ] ( http://graphicashen.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/mind-blown.jpg ) bigger surprise ? 
  she said yes , and wanted to sit next to her on the dc trip . 
  aww yiss . 
  so onto the bus we go . 
  now , we were a pretty hood middle school group . 
  we were middle class , but we had some kids who came from a nasty part of town and brought it with them . 
  so , once everyone is on the bus . 
  mrs. brimstone came to the front . 
   mrs. 
  brimstone : shut up you little childrens . 
  i am brimstone . 
  you shall call me brimstone and brimstone only . 
  any insurrections shall be stopped post haste . 
  you shall not cross me . 
  you cross me , i shall show you my washington dc . 
  no rude jokes , loud music , or snacks . 
  she then did the unthinkable . 
  she took ham-man-tha 's mcbeetus and everyone else 's snacks . 
  this engaged full blown fatty rage . 
   ham-man-tha : you ca n't do that . 
  i have low energies and need it . 
   mrs. 
  brimstone : none sense . 
  you end your childish antics . 
  you eat like adult . 
  you sit and stay put or detention and i send you home . 
  ham was quiet , until she noticed the back of the bus . 
  yes , the back of the bus had a speaker and we were bumping music . 
  we would alternate songs on a playlist and let each other dj for a little . 
  being a fun loving kid , i played [ a classic song my friends loved to jam to ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bz61yqwzuyu ) . 
  snaps also loved this song , bonus points !!!, 
  after once bitten , twice shy was over snaps wanted to play a song . 
  however , she 'd only play it if brimstone was asleep . 
  we peer to the front , brimstone is out cold . 
  i guess she runs out of fire too quickly . 
  huehuehuehue get it ? 
  i turn to snaps and give her a [ thumbs up . 
  ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/gj1.gif ) she starts to play low by flo rida . 
  oh lawd incoming teen angst twerkin !, 
  this group of girls did whatever twerking there was before twerking . 
  basically , i got a glorified lap-dance in the back of the bus on the way to dc . 
  holy crap it was awesome . 
  now , this would n't be all fun and games right ? 
  ham heard the song . 
  she summoned heffer , i am assuming lard was in a food coma . 
  after summoning her ~ ~ moonion ~ ~ friend , she started `` dirty '' dancing . 
  she was grinding on heffer . 
  ill spare you the details . 
  but imagine two beluga whales trying to mate on a beach . 
  rolls rolling on rolls , fupa grinding on a fupa-butt combo . 
  oh it was a sight to see . 
  i was scarred , this terror needed to end . 
  suddenly , salvation came in the form of a chainsaw sounding noise . 
  someone farted . 
  in particularly , someone sharted . 
  someone played butthole roulette and lost the draw . 
  i covered my nose as a preemptive move . 
  the ham arises to the sound of heffer screeching `` ew omg what the hell ham '' . 
  that 's right , ham gambled on a fart and lost . 
  she scurried to the tiny bathroom in the back . 
  best part ? 
  she could n't fit . 
  then the screaming of `` bullshit that door is too small '' arose . 
  ham sharted and we were barely 2 hours into our road trip . 
  brimstone lumbers behind the ham and utters the cold phrase . 
   brimstone : you . 
  . . front of bus . 
  wrap towel around waist . . . 
  . sit until stop . 
  . change . . . 
  no more talking . 
   ham-man-tha : but they had music !, 
  i was going to go to the bathroom but these doors are made for twiggy bitches who are never fed !, 
   brimstone : i have had enough . 
  you will sit now . 
  sit or i make you sit . 
  you have two hours until nearest stop . 
  so there is part one , the rest is uneventful .
