  how will champions like rengar and jax fair ? 
  i love both champions and they are the reasons i got out of bronze recently ( hooray ! ) . 
  i am thinking of jax as a 9/21 style champion , rushing triforce and bork still . 
  rengar is my big question mark . 
  he is my main and i know him like i know the back of my hand . 
  how will a hyper aggressive akaadian style rengar do with the new mastery changes ? 
  i 'd love feedback on the questions above !, 
  keep hunting . 
  as of late , i have seen a lot of the top dog rengar players ( akaadian , dekar in particular , and pridestalker ) all taking ghost . 
  what gives ? 
  ghost jungle cat seems good on paper but why use it ? 
  i 'd love insight, 
  edit : tried ghost , did n't like it too much . 
  however , i tried soto and man !, 
  did that make a difference my damage went through the roof !, 
  that is crazy !, 
  shook , of copenhagen wolves , just picked rengar . 
  let 's see how it goes . 
  maybe after we can break down how he played . 
  when my main choices are banned or i ca n't jungle , i typically go top lane . 
  lately i have been messing around with olaf and he is staggeringly fun . 
  my basic assessment is he has a ton of strengths but glaring weaknesses . 
  * no fucks given , diving your adc and you are so dead if i get to you power house play style . 
  * has shockingly strong split push . 
  * can do a metric ton of damage in a 1 v 1 duel . 
  even when low . 
  but . 
  he has a few major problems :, 
  ** weaknesses **, 
  * if you ca n't get to the adc and blow them up , as long as your ult is down you are screwed . 
  * that being said , olaf feels item dependent and ult reliant . 
  * shockingly squishy without the right preparation . 
  am i missing anything ? 
  where does olaf shine ? 
  he is wildly fun and i love breaking him out in the right situations . 
  also , how do you build him for jungle ? 
  are his ganks strong early ? 
  looking to improve . 
  been climbing lately and notice if i land on adc or mid , my team is in for a world of hurt . 
  i picked up viktor and win games . 
  but i die a metric ton ( averages are 7.8 kill / 9 deathes / 10 assists ) . 
  it 's worse when i play adc . 
  i really once have two adc 's im decent at , other than that i am screwed . 
  i have sivir and draven and my numbers are about the same as viktor . 
  does anyone have advice on how to scale back aggression in mid ? 
  i play hyper aggressive tops and jungles so i am trying to curb my instinct of `` i got farm , i can kill him leeeroy . 
  shit piss i died '' . 
  i just need help from anyone who knows adc or mid , i just need some guide lines on how to learn the role so i do n't gimp my team . 
  hi everyone !, 
  i am a very active mud runner / weight lifting enthusiast looking to diversify my workouts . 
  let me preface why i am asking this question . 
  i have hypertension , i 'm 21 6 ' 1 and 220 roughly and have always been hypertensive . 
  nothing i can do , been to countless specialists everyone traces it to me getting the poop-shoot of genetics . 
  speaking of poop-shoot genetics , i have awful knees . 
  i had a tragic wrestling/football accident in my senior year of highschool . 
  in short , i was an eyelash away from total knee replacement at 18 . 
  so i take workouts very lightly and run to keep myself healthy . 
  anyway , onto my question . 
  i have been looking to ramp up cardio and someone suggested kick boxxing . 
  i looked it up and it seems pretty fun . 
  my only question is this , how rough is it on your knees ? 
  i am used to the constant pounding from running , but i feel this will be much different . 
  any advice is appreciated !, 
  i mainly have used rengar as my go to win condition ( 60 % winrate , no stopping me now rito ) . 
  now , i have been seeing a lot more rengar bans since i got up in elo . 
  i have been thinking of picking up kha'zix as a backup to rengar if i do n't need to go tanky and want to pick people off . 
  how does he handle , will my knowledge and patience from playing rengar transfer over ? 
  i realize their build paths are vaguely similar , so i feel this may be a natural fit . 
  any kha mains willing to help a dirty rengar picker ? 
  hey everyone ,, 
  mouz esports just took renekton jungle . 
  thought i 'd create a post to discuss strengths of it . 
  game is just starting , heres a link '' http://www.twitch.tv/riotgames, 
  any block you walk on has the most aggrivating poster ever . 
  it 's those three minions with the words minions upside down . 
  it 's supposed to be cute and funny like haha minions . 
  but the little shitrats have the smuggest smile like `` metrolluhehehehe '' . 
  every block on the way to work i want to cry . 
  i will take a picture of the offending sign later . 
  as we all know , jason pierre paul a stud d-lineman for the ny giants , blew his hand off with a firework . 
  adam schefter posted a picture of the medical report explaining jpp 's injury . 
  how was this document leaked as it was a personal injury ? 
  i know nfl players forfeit hipaa to an extent with regard to on field injurys . 
  however , this was a personal injury . 
  will the employee who leaked the file receive jail time ? 
  can jpp sue ? 
  is adam schefter in trouble ? 
  you may remember my last eulcs post . 
  but good news everyone !, 
  reignover of fnatic has picked our glorious cat god !, 
  head over to [ riot games twitch ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/riotgames ) to watch it unfold !, 
  post game discussion on build and strategy would be appreciated , i 'll add a vod as necessary !, 
  edit : jesus christ he 's going tankgar . 
  [ i was stinky drunk , i just turned 21 . 
  my current girlfriend 's brother threw a party . 
  i am born on halloween so it 's a huge bash with 100 + people . 
  my girlfriend told all her sorority sister 's i am going as a jet football player ( die hard since i was born ) . 
  it 'd be a great idea to surprise me wearing one team from each nfl division . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  [ so i had been drinking since roughly 9am .
