  being a lot less greedy , playing defensive and really only extending when i know i have absolute advantage . 
  i am a very defensive player unless i 'm on a hyper aggressive jungle much like rengar or rek ` sai . 
  thank you for general pointers !, 
  if you ever need hearthstone tips just ask !, 
  las vegas is going absolutely nutty . 
  i kinda think all of lvpd will collective have their heads explode into primordial goop . 
  or , they just retrain their forces like any normal division of law . 
  but , i like my alternate ending better . 
  but sir their heads are , the country fried steaks boy . 
  keep it together !, 
  it 's almost senior hour . 
  is there a fair replacement for al ` akir ?? 
  new to shaman but i love it . 
  did not see that , woopsie daisy . 
  thanks again !, 
  former warrior legend player , over 600 + wins with warrior . 
  400 + on druid , and 200 + on paladin . 
  always want a practice player !, 
  it 's too slow i think for this meta i believe , it can be a big bang in control metas however . 
  former high elo dota 2 player here . 
  so one thing you 're going to notice is that this game when compared to dota is a lot more relaxed . 
  but in a flash it will wildly pick up pace . 
  for instance , i mained brewmaster / visage / undying all my life . 
  the idea of rushing with them before i farm is fucking silly . 
  you 'll get smoked !, 
  in league , not so much , i can dive at will and rarely get punished . 
  you need to realize there are huge differences in league to dota psychie . 
  i guess what i am saying is add me captain dux . 
  as a former dota player i 'd love to help you out . 
  tried leona , she is crazy fun . 
  never expected it . 
  braum ( after my free games ) feels a lot like maokai . 
  got ta peel so hard all day . 
  i love it though . 
  both are crazy fun, 
  why not spend the money on wards . 
  vision is paramount to winning , in my experience from dota 2 . 
  i ca n't see how the one trinket upgrade will cover it all . 
  sure . 
  thanks for the input . 
  thanks buddy , i am really trying to transfer the knowledge i had at high elo in dota and move it forward from there . 
  i am noticing my fastest way out of bronze is on my own shoulders . 
  i have been picking jungles that can completely dominate a game solo . 
  see rengar and the likes . 
  surprisingly it has been working well to just dominate from squares 0 - x , 1 v 3 to the best you can , win . 
  maybe this is the wrong approach but it 's been working thus far !, 
  that 's what i 'm noticing . 
  but sadly , some people have the reflexes of a dead cat and completely ignore pings to spite people . 
  my plan is to try and ward well enough that people ca n't help but pay attention . 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  very insightful !, 
  can i just ask what division you are in ? 
  i know it 's odd but based on the varied responses i just want to gauge how it will work . 
  very very insightful . 
  when is a good time to scalp their jungle and try to throw them off ? 
  i know stealing camps and leaving behind one is a good way to make another jungle go `` that mer fer '' . 
  so in your eyes when is it best to start bleeding the other jungle out . 
  i am na , my tag is captain dux . 
  why use the occult on rengar ? 
  im fairly low elo but love rengar to death . 
  i would love to learn !, 
  i am transitioning from high elo play in dota . 
  been funking around with a lot of roles . 
  been playing jungle to a lot of fun . 
  but now i tried mid and top . 
  good lord was it a carry fest . 
  vlad stomped out the lane and when i was on zed i felt crazy . 
  i am lowly b5 but 2k-3k elo in dota . 
  i want you to evaluate if i should abandon jungle or stick to top with bruisers and such ( i will never give up my jungle cat rengar , never ! ) . 
  would love any help man , 
  minor background , i also play hearthstone at pretty high rank ( i know that is like pissing in a bucket compared to league ) so i guess part of my problem is being too scared to over extend and leaving kills on the table . 
  personally , i am a fan of hybrid gar . 
  i love me some rengar top and notice you can tend to be squishy vs the big nasty of top lane . 
  my normal build path depends on the matchup . 
  start is standard : longsword 3 pot . 
  sight trink, 
  on first b i aim to have 1200 g hopefully . 
  i go for a pickaxe and a boot , pots or if you are scared wards . 
  then the path really starts . 
  i got tiamat  brut  cdr boots  hydra  youmoo  randy  spirit visage  triforce  sell youmoo for black cleaver . 
  your damage output will be comical and youll stay alive a lot longer . 
  hope this helps, 
  hey buddy . 
  i have been playing sion fairly exclusively for my climb up . 
  i started in bronze and am knocking on silver now . 
  so let me elaborate how i view sion . 
  ( all i say is n't credible , low elo in lol , i 'm a high elo dota 2 player ) . 
  sion is a nasty bruiser that when built like a tank can soak damage extremely well and in turn deal it back . 
  depending on your matchup , you generally can start flask 3 pot to use your roar of the slayer to bully your lane opponent . 
  here is where sion gets tricky . 
  use your mana well , use it efficiently . 
  sion has fantastic kill pressure after you roar onto someone , pop your shield then q. roar once more , 90 % of the time they are dead . 
  my typical build is , mercs , frozen heart , black cleaver , warmogs , banshee veil , randys or something along those lines . 
  you want to be an immovable object and the bane of everyone 's existence . 
  add me in game if you have anyway questions !, 
  actually pretty hyped about this . 
  not sure about anyone else , but c9 could really be scary now . 
  sadly from the na servers : c, 
  thank you for the elaborate response . 
  over 70 games i post about 52-55 % as well .
