  but . 
  . . . but lok ` tar, 
  i mean , i believe in the true horde . 
  yeah , not even garrosh powered by y ` sahj would be brazen enough to venture into those depths . 
  that says volumes to me . 
  thank you . 
  i may actually follow into that advice . 
  i feel better just writing this down if that makes sense . 
  dabu , friend . 
  always ran orc or troll lolol . 
  only undead i made was my lock and rogue, 
  always ran orc or troll lolol . 
  only undead i made was my lock and rogue, 
  not terrifying . 
  it was just loud . 
  so loud , so funny . 
  blind rage is a hell of a drug ? 
  oh no you dont youll be more diverse and like it . 
  it took me a year . 
  i dont ever go heavy . 
  i only do light weight , reps ontop of reps. 
  right now i do 225 for 3 sets of 8 . 
  i if you have questions , pm me !, 
  thank you kind sir !, 
  posting a new story as we speak, 
  well , i 'm a carpet bagging yankee . 
  i attend uni in the south . 
  got ta love sec ball right ? 
  i am from right outside new york . 
  i grew up in a state that mtv has bastardized . 
  seventh grade kiddo did n't know this . 
  sure !, 
  i will . 
  sorry , being how i grew up i try to paint a picture as much as possible . 
  thanks for input !, 
  i am glad you enjoyed the highway part of the gsp haha . 
  the state is truly beautiful . 
  i mean , i love the south . 
  we just got of the tar-heel state , prettiest country from georgia to tennessee . 
  that 's a little north for that . 
  see i was thinking she was near toms river . 
  that is my fault . 
  the awful coast conference !, 
  sorry i had to , i hate three teams that are in the acc . 
  only one is a burning hate . 
  man i hate those stinkers . 
  but hey , i ca n't hate the acc overall !, 
  she was delusional dude . 
  i swear , she was borderline mental . 
  [ usc !, 
  usc !, 
  usc !, 
  usc !, 
  usc !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erjo2cpayps ), 
  i hate ~ ~ clemsux ~ ~ ~ ~ the tiger lillies ~ ~ clemson , duke , and unc . 
  sorry if you root for them !, 
  mainly my hate is to clemson . 
  im a rabid jet fan so my hate can become real during a football game . 
  i do n't mind florida state , i mean i see why fsu is all butthurt at the ol' ball coach . 
  i personally feel betrayed by him after the tamu game . 
  i was heartbroken . 
  i have been to `` death valley '' in my garnet and black 3 times . 
  they stadium is wretched its nasty !!, 
  the fans are such fairweather fans . 
  the first sign of losing they dip out of the game . 
  i just hate hate hate clemson . 
  it 's like your hate of `` the u '' or fu-ck gators . 
  i mean florida u  we can be friends . 
  i dislike the gators . 
  come to willie b and watch a game , our stadium is infinitely better  . 
  usc usc usc . 
  go gamecocks . 
  i just lost it because i was so close to that aunt . 
  i hated knowing she was the joke of the school . 
  i defended my little cousins so most people knrw it was a low blow . 
  guess i just wanted to vent this . 
  someone caught my reference !!, 
  yes , my first season legend was using a giant paldain . 
  every other has been control warrior . 
  wow , rare breed dude . 
  hey !!!!, 
  my family are alma maters of usc so i guess its logical to follow suit . 
  i love columbia . 
  best city around . 
  man i always go back, 
  i mean , i love the city . 
  i grew up in the north in a bad part of a city . 
  so people think i 'm a street thug when i go to five points at night . 
  i 'm just a college kid lol . 
  but you need to see the vista now !, 
  it 's totally revamped !, 
  i mean i am loving my time here . 
  totally different . 
  i mained an arms warrior ( sword specialization , that will tell you how long ago it was ) and before it was cool i played affliction warlock . 
  i remember when you could n't dr. 
  many hams . 
  left side handle it !, 
  man i was in an awesome section for the game . 
  thats not the usc ive known and loved .
