  bleed spec , aka hemo , exsang , and ( possibly ? ), 
  dfa seems too rotty for me . 
  i got 2.2 on the rogue a few times . 
  i definitely see promise in this comp . 
  doing it and doing it fairly well if you 'd ask me . 
  already climbing at a steady pace . 
  yeah but 15-2 as wwmx / twd is pretty good . 
  dun lauf at me, 
  i would say we are very viable . 
  many wws made it to top ranks of pvp without buff . 
  ww/ench is pretty fun , ww/boomie is a gnarly comp that runs right through people when you line it up . 
  ww/mage will always be great , i am currently 1850cr after a few games with a buddy . 
  we play ww/arcane ( frost ) . 
  twd will come storming back in my mind . 
  we are back boys !, 
  captaindux # 1315 - ww monk 2.1 s2 of legion then teammates dropped game . 
  happy to roll twd with ya !, 
  hey dude , 1700 cr ww , can you add my btag ? 
  captaindux # 1315 i 'm really looking to get 2.2 area in s4 . 
  thanks dude . 
  hey man ,, 
  1700 cr ww 2.1 legion exp . 
  really looking ot get better with twd . 
  if oyu have alts that you are cool with pushing 2.2 + with i 'd be jacked up . 
  thanks man . 
  btag : captaindux # 1315, 
  cool man !, 
  i pigged up to 1700 atm but want to get s nice hard push rolling . 
  that is actually an amazing high and really really earth shattering low, 
  this seems good to me !, 
  2.1 exp arms/hunter ( hunt is 1500 , war is 1800 atm ) mainly been focusing on my monk , but i 'll add when home !, 
  side note , are you us or eu ? 
  horde or ally ? 
  perfect . 
  thanks for clarity man , you may also want to check the pinned thread . 
  hello everyone , of fps !, 
  i am a lurker who finally had the joy ( maybe that is what it is called ) of meeting my very own ham-planet . 
  please excuse my terrible formatting , it 's a learning experience . 
  anyway , onto some background !, 
  i work as a resident mentor for a university in one of many southern states . 
  the beetus flows through this university like the dr. beetus that fills their veins . 
  anyway , part of my job is a thing called move in day . 
  this is when the hordes of residents move in to their new home . 
  basically , imagine [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2u2h8op-6c ) as what move in day is like . 
  yeah , the men on the boat are kinda like the rms . 
  parents are the worst , they are tired and do n't want to be told no . 
  most parents look like the [ rancor ] ( http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130204120156/starwars/images/1/1f/rancor_kotor.png ) . 
  this tale is about a parent who was n't irate , tired , or even a rancor . 
  no , it was far worse . 
  it was a ham-beast . 
   maybe be me , captain dux , 6 ' 5 '' ( 195.58 cm ) and 215 lbs ( 97.5 kilos ) . 
  avid gym goer , very solid build , former fatass . 
  terrified of being fat again , daily struggle of my life . 
   maybe be mary-derp , clusmy twig of a resident who happens to live on my half of the hall . 
  originally from maryland ( i am a marketing major , creativity is n't a requirement ) . 
   for the love of god do n't be mary-ham , 5 ' 5 '' ( 152 cm ) and easily 350lbs ( 158.75 kilos ) . 
  the beast that ~ ~ is a real woman with currvvveessss who do n't need no man ~ ~ is the mother of the shy girl known as mary-derp . 
  as an rm , i have to man the helm to guide residents to their respective rooms . 
  we do this in an orderly fashion with no commotion . 
  however , this was different . 
  i was in my room ( i have an open door policy ) when i hear ~ ~ the sound of 1,000 zebras stampeding toward me ~ ~ a woman frantically running towards my room . 
  introducing , mary-ham and mary-derp , mary-derp introduces herself sheepishly saying her mom has a problem with the room . 
  the beast is called forth . 
   mary-ham : now yes , my daught-ah has one them cornah rooms and needs a bigguh toiler . 
  i can barely fit in one 'em dang stalls . 
  butt cheek do n't want to go in !, 
  ( corner rooms are the largest rooms on the floor , the bathroom is about the size of your normal walk-in bathroom . 
  these rooms are awesome . 
  seriously , you need to pay extra to reserve it . 
  which i know they did . 
   captain_dux : well , ma'am , i am sorry to hear that about your daughter 's room . 
  i can surely help you another way , the toilets here are fairly standard . 
  we can not change the toilet 's unless she legitimately needs the handicapped room on the x floor . 
  do you want me to contact housing ? 
   mary-ham : no i just want a bigguh toiler . 
  you see i need it . 
  them toilets made for anorexic play boys . 
  where can we get the bigguh toiler . 
   captain_dux : ma'am , i regret to inform you the toilets are standard . 
  your daughter will have to deal with the toilets we have available . 
  i can contact my supervisor if you wish to speak about a possible room change . 
  i am always here to help !, 
  mary-ham now decided it 's time to do the tushie tussle . 
  her gelatinous body sloshing and frothing with each leg pump . 
  she kept making these awkward `` unghhh '' noises . 
  i now realized the gravity of the situation . 
  she needed the toilet , not her daughter . 
  it hit me , kinda like the smell of a bio-hazard that this woman was emitting . 
   captain_dux : er ... we have a large handicapped bathroom on the main floor if you need it . 
  it 's by the front desk . 
  lord , that woman ran out of my room faster than you do cookies at an haes convention . 
  i shrug it off and chuckle to myself . 
  mary-derp apologizes for her mom and shuffles away . 
  time passes on and it 's time for me to move to my next event , the feeding . 
  now at the end of the move-in day we offer a free barbeque to parents and the students . 
  pretty neat deal , you move in and get some good ol' southern cookin ' . 
  pulled pork , beans , vegetables from the local farmers market , hush puppies , ribs , you name it . 
  there is a catch to this bounty . 
  you can take one meat , two sides , and a drink . 
  i decide to work the food station and my co-rm works the drinks .
