  so i know rengar is my go to if i want to win . 
  what i have been doing as of late is messing with my builds . 
  much to what you said , i learn matchups and bend . 
  lots of physical walls ? 
  maybe i need to work in tank to the build ex ; hydra , randy , lw , youmoos , spirit visage . 
  for a hulkier build . 
  tons of squishies that are easy to snipe ? 
  play akaadian gar . 
  but i appreciate the notes , 
  hey !, 
  i have been practicing my combos a ton and landing the e. i feel confident with that , it 's just playing the mind games i got to practice . 
  but if you are willing , we could skype !, 
  i would love to learn . 
  i kinda took a long break , yada yada . 
  tl ; dr : i play dota at a high elo and am rapidly learning league . 
  would love to chat and discuss tactics, 
  as silly as it seems . 
  i 'd give it to my significant other . 
  she always gets so happy over little things . 
  so seeing her smile is well worth saying hey i got a dollar why do n't you take it . 
  message me personally , if you are na add captain dux and i 'll show you all i know . 
  been playing rengar since his release !, 
  but we never said you have clothing . 
  your naked self will never be allowed in such a conservative establishment . 
  i like your thinking, 
  my sides when, 
   i may have to buy more soap, 
  this question is making me beyond excited . 
  this was so well executed . 
  good job, 
  about an irish spring bar, 
  top/jungle , i mainly play rengar . 
  why ? 
  i feel like i can dictate the flow of the game . 
  see someone squishy a little too far out and alone ? 
  time to pay your taxes , and by taxes i mean give me your life . 
  at the minimum your summoners and i 'll scare the hell out of you . 
  rengar , primarily top and jungle, 
  it 's good to see that 's how people try and best it . 
  thank you !, 
  do you have to adapt this strategy if a rengar builds hybrid . 
  for instance hlf tank gar, 
  very unique strategy . 
  question as the rengar player . 
  when you are cs ` ing do you make sure you are never within my leap range . 
  a common mistake i see people make is the post reveal leap . 
  the wiggle room for that 0.05 seconds after i walk out and can still leap . 
  so in short , do you ever consider me ignoring cs slapping you then picking up scraps to be a challenge , or is it an issue of do n't get bullied or whittled away because you will die . 
  jinx ( being a rengar main ) is quite easy to beat if you can immediately close her gap and kill her . 
  for instance , if i am on rengar , i will get 5 ferocity , q jump , e , hydra , roar , if she is not dead ( by either divine intervention or summoners ) i will throw another 5 ferocity bola and you will most certainly be dead . 
  be mindful of the enemy team , if the can collapse on you before your chompers active you are almost 100 % dead . 
  being in low elo i normally go lw you moo hydra then get some tank . 
  most people have 0 reactive ness in low elo and just freak at the sight of rengar, 
  i will !, 
  i 'm hoping my experiment pays off . 
  been two days and i feel a lot of instinct is being gained . 
  rather than mechanical skill, 
  one can hope !, 
  there are only so many rengar games you get tons of kills with minimal deaths if no one follows up . 
  as mentioned above , one person vs 5 coordinated others is a guaranteed loss normally . 
  rengar and vlad main since s3 . 
  i was there for the rough times , but those times make you a lot stronger . 
  being weak on rengar and vlad made me a lot more cautious in engagements that are necessary . 
  this is always a valid piece of advice . 
  b4 been playing normals to get back into the swing of things . 
  higher norms elo than regular , such is life . 
  i main top and jung , mainly rengar and hecarim . 
  ign : captain dux , 
  division : b4, 
  role : top or jung - mainly rengar and hec, 
  ign : captain dux, 
  i would love to practice with you !, 
  b4 relearning the game ( played a ton , still do n't consider myself good unless i 'm on rengar or vlad ) . 
  mainly try to jung or top . 
  shoot me a message ill add you sometime , 
  hey friend , commenting so i can add you later . 
  b4 top/jungler with a real main in rengar . 
  if interested here are my lane choices . 
  top : rengar , vlad , sion , irelia . 
  jungle : regar , vi , sej , fatman , or rekt ` sai, 
  the jets will never be relevant and their defense is n't ** that ** good . 
  yeah okay buddy . 
  one day they will be relevant for the right reason . 
  one day . 
  cool  i 'd love to play sometime . 
  do n't have lsi but use op.gg can you review my vi and hecarim games moat recently ? 
  op.gg is captain dux on na . 
  currently on mobile so links are hard, 
  actually in particular can you review the hecarim game ? 
  thanks man , we 're doing pretty well . 
  toesy swept the living bejeesus outta claire . 
  sidenote , fluffy knew foresight so fluffy rocked morty which amazed me . 
  thanks !, 
  its off to victory road with me !, 
  thanks man . 
  it was a total shock to learned she was into pokemon like this . 
  i 'm on the bus to work and i 'm already excited to tell her i got a new badge . 
  it 's just nice having someone to share that connection with . 
  thanks buddy , hopefully mountelope will finally evolve . 
  i want that sweet sweet hammer arm .
