  currently , my opener ( with nightstalker ) is garrote , muta , rupture , followed by mut spam , dispatch on cd , kidney , into mfd , vanish , envenom . 
  that is a bursty opener on squishies . 
  am i doing it right ? 
  regards . 
  dihabeetus the rogue, 
  let 's see how he goes !, 
  hi everyone ,, 
  i am the type of guy to play hyper aggressive top laners . 
  i really enjoy wukong , trundle , irelia , and renekton is my all time favorite . 
  i 'm a long time rengar main , i just have a few concerns with my playstyle . 
  * is my style of being a bully and aggressive dying out ? 
  i play it well and efficiently , i feel it 's being phased out . 
  * any tips on how to utilize this efficiently ?? 
  i mainly struggle with trying to stop putting myself in the * i got ta carry this to win * mind set . 
  as renekton i generally will go in get 3 kills and snowball out of control . 
  i ca n't blame other lanes for suffering , i feel like i just do n't know when to tp gank with these laners if at all ? 
  i need tips on how to efficiently optimize my aggression !, 
  [ removed ], 
  i see many people saying rapid firecannon is a rengar item ? 
  i have two questions :, 
  - does this alter leap range , because holy shit if it does . 
  - is it a valid option regardless of whether it does n't alter leap or not ? 
  also , why essence reaver ? 
  hey guys ,, 
  i recently thundered my way to silver in about 4 days , however , i missed the season reward by 6 hours . 
  i noticed a theme in lower elo when i was playing after spamming duos with my buddies in gold/mid plat . 
  when talking with my friends they never said `` oh i am a top player , i 'm a support , etc etc. '', 
  what they would say is `` i main draven , i played galio to plat , i played wukong only '' . 
  which got me thinking , why not me ? 
  in four days i played renekton only whenever i got top . 
  i did n't care about the matchup . 
  i had an astounding winrate and a freaking blast . 
  i want to offer advice to some of my peers . 
  try to resist the urge to main a role , i know it is hard , but after dropping it for a main `` champ '' i feel way better . 
  i know it 's a repeat , but pick three our four champs , master em , play em . 
  personally , i tried to pick versatile champs that i can do well with regardless of lane . 
  examples are below :, 
  top : renekton & jax, 
  jungle : rengar & jax, 
  hope i help , i know it is n't much but it 's an observation i have had . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  hey guys ,, 
  i know there is a lot of 5.24 theory crafting going on . 
  so i wanted to throw in my two cents . 
  below you will find my masteries and runes thus far in 5.24 . 
  i know it is standard but i want input as i am rengar otp ` ing my way to plat . 
  here is where i get flack , but i am the only rengar main amongst my friend circle . 
  my build is as follows :, 
  for top : longsword pots , first back try for tiamat , if not more swords , get tiamat , get boots , rush essence reaver , hydra , rapid fire cannon , triforce , ie . 
  throw in luciditys somewhere . 
  for jungle it 's virtually the same except rush skrimishers warrior , and instead after the hydra i drop the smite for a rapid fire . 
  am i doing it wrong ? 
  i am posting a decent winrate thus far but i think that is because i have over 200 + rengar games and just feel really comfortable . 
  hello everyone . 
  my buddy and i have been dicking around and he 's noted i 'm a pretty good tahm kench . 
  lately i 've been going any role that made sense . 
  i did go kench mid once ( never again ) but top jung kench is so fun . 
  so far i 've only suffered vs a vlad but was able to out muscle him in team fights late . 
  i have a few questions . 
  is kench a viable top or am i just doing a comfort pick ? 
  tp vs ignite ? 
  i got ignite because it gives me great kill pressure as kench . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  hello all ,, 
  i 've been on a tear with shaco lately . 
  specifically ap jungle shaco . 
  excuse my poor structure due to being on movile . 
  i win games , but i feel my build is duboptimal . 
  can someone review it and send critique ? 
  thanks all !, 
  items in order -  runic echo , lichbane , sorcs/ionian , morello/rylai , morello/rylai , void , dcap . 
  and remember the joke is on you . 
  hey guys and gals ,, 
  i just started my one month monkey king challenge . 
  my coach for our esports team noticed i am a great kong player and wants me to refine my skill . 
  i love his burst . 
  however , i feel too squishy . 
  i built a path for wu thst i feel works and keeps me pumping major heat all game . 
  can you review my path and give me advice ? 
  start : flask , hard lanes cloth pots , kill lanes ls pots . 
  rush order - tiamat , sterakk/bc , sterakk bc , hydra , randy/banshee , randy/banshee . 
  boots i either go tabi or mercs . 
  what so you all think ?? 
  hello all ,, 
  i have taken to playing tahm kench top with great success . 
  he 's drove me out of low bronze to mid silver . 
  i used to rush ibg due to how oppressive i felt in lane . 
  however , recently my roommate from uni ( diamond 5 ) suggested i start sunfire . 
  i 've been sporadically building it and have had fantastic results . 
  however i feel like it falls off hard late game . 
  it snowballs me out of control early . 
  but late the bleed feels negligible . 
  my normal build resembles this , sunfire , mobis , dmp , ibg , visage , and ga/mogs . 
  it 'd been great just running down other tops because they do n't expect tahm to be so potent . 
  especially early . 
  now i want to refine my craft becoming a tahm otp !, 
  i appreciate the feedbaxk, 
  title says the jist of my post . 
  i decked out my mistweave and now i 'm looking to grt my rogue geared .
