  usually there are cheaper lunch restaurants that are a bit like canteens with a reasonable price . 
  thats because the homeless sleep in the metro stations and drunk people tend to not care for toilets . 
  it has many predecessors that cant be ignored because the last treaty was signed in 2009 . 
  do you know the history of the eu ? 
  it started in the 1950 's . 
  you dont know what you are talking about . 
  france has an aircraft carrier there and has conducted many sttikes on isis ( 100 + ) since november . 
  everybody understands that , what he means is free at the moment you need it . 
  everybody accepts the cost in taxes . 
  yes he does understand and accepts what free means in that case . 
   corporations are transnational , apple is an american corporation with more employees in china then america . 
  ford has numerous factories in europe . 
  tata is an indian corporation who makes more steel in brazil then in india . 
  and still all ceos of airbus group and airbus are either french or german . 
  while ford is a multinational it is still american first with an american culture and american deciders . 
  the biggest parts of airbus are french and german , followed by the uk and spain . 
  you have to look at who owns the shares and where the jobs are . 
  having a factory in the us does not make it american either . 
  swedish is kindov like english for singing i think . 
  short words and lots of vowels . 
  hotel and hostel are both derived from french at different stages . 
  hostel -  h\u00f4tel castel -  ch\u00e2tel -  ch\u00e2teau in french and castle in english, 
  that was never about france , check your facts . 
  people coming in by france ?? 
  and that 's where i disagree , the rafale is very capable and has been operational for some quite some time . 
  so it 's not apples to oranges . 
  the f-35 is a newer beast . 
  i agree that its price is quite high but when it comes to fighter jet purchases there is a big politics aspect you ca n't ignore . 
  looks like regular binders ( france ) . 
  you should look up the french aerospace industry since the 1960 . 
  saying that it stole everything is a bit over the top . 
  its not crazy when you consider the value of keeping an own industry and control . 
  so much trolling . 
  thanks for ignoring the whole areospace and military history of france . 
  the leclerc hasnt sold that well ( uae uses it though ) i 'm quite sure the rafale will have a very succesful carreer with a late start . 
  also france does a lot of export sales thanks so calling the whole industry uncompetitive is nice of you . 
  weird how that mainly franco german project called airbus competes . 
  neither is the a400m . 
  late and overbudget does n't mean failure . 
  and anglosaxon is what we use . 
  the water in paris tastes like shit , hence evian . 
  and he is winning ... ugh . 
  shows that you really cant trust any media source including reddit . 
  me neither and ive been following these events quite closely . 
  what is this about ? 
  pretty much like paris banlieues then . 
  calais has nothing to do with this . 
  the migrants in calais want to leave france therefore france has zero incentive to do anything about it . 
  it says nothing about the rest of the country . 
  the principle of labour laws itself are n't the problem , its how overcomplicated they are with tons and tons of edge cases . 
  look at sweden for doing the same thing right . 
  good labour protections with easy to understand and apply laws . 
  less victims than the ones pointed out ? 
   except there is real hatred expressed in this sub - it 's not the norm but it is certainly there , this issue is very divisive but i think it also highlights that even within the eu there are huge rifts ... 
  i 'd be interested to see who gets the short end of the stick once the uk is out of the eu , and frankly i would n't be surprised of the focus turned east . . well to each his turn , yesterday it was a superb thread with 1000 + comments about how the french suck at english ... 
  everyone plays handlball at some point in school though . 
  way more people than in paris actually . 
  i lived as a student near noisy le grand and it 's not as bad as the pictures make it look . 
  yes there are a lot of these weird concrete buildings but there are also houses , new buildings and many people actually living there . 
  yet there is no big difference in gdp or top companies produced by the u.k or france . 
  these rankings have some value but not if you want to know e.g. 
  `` where should i study to become a good engineer '' . 
  i checked `` mechanical , aeronautical & manufacturing '' and not a single french university in the top 100 yet france is ( one of ) the home of airbus , ariane , tgv ... something does n't check out . 
  same for france . 
  yes i wrote only university as the term `` grande ecole '' does n't translate well . 
  nearly all the best universities in france are specialised . 
  which is one of the reasons why these rankings do n't work for france . 
  various universities in france which are not related to each other whatsoever are currently getting grouped just to look better on these kind of rankings . 
  notice the wide variations for ecole polytechnique in france . 
  in france it is considered the best engineering school . 
  on the first ranking it is # 13 and on the third it does n't even register . 
  also the third shows `` universit\u00e9 pierre and marie curie '' as the best french university which no french person would agree with . 
  i just mean that it shows that the criteria are selected on the basis of oxford and cambridge and applied to other schools even if they do not actually make sense . 
  i am not saying that oxford and cambridge do n't deserve their rankings , merely that the rankings for the rest of europe are dubious at best . 
  the only exceptions i know of would be epfl and ethz in switzerland which are organized in a comparable fashion as english universities . 
  repeating that bs again doesnt make it true . 
  you wo n't find much people against this law in france . 
  the state should n't care for my ethnicity nor religion . 
  boeing receives huge amounts through bloated american military sales . 
  nevermind that russia helping the regime is actually helping to end this war . 
  i really dont see why bombing assad would help . 
  it would only prolong the conflict . 
  yeah and we have a bunch about germans and mirradors . 
  maybe its not the case for germany but globally it got bigger in 2003 . 
  i 'm french so i would know it really exploded in 2003 . 
  before that maybe its a joke americans made but i had never seen it so openly and so often . 
  the worse was all other nationalities picking it up because of the influence of american media even though they had less than glorious military history themselves . 
  the ariane program is very french dominated even thoughthere multiple other countries involved . 
  your own sense of right and wrong . 
  sweden is good . 
  in france at least the majority of cars sold were diesel until very recently . 
  they build the wings there , so airbuses without wings would be interesting :d . 
  impending doom and panic !, 
  its the same with paris . 
  obviously not that extreme since people do start succesful businesses . 
  well concerning paris there was no terrorist attack between 1995 and 2015 and now we got a bunch the last 2 years so the situation is definitely worse . 
  its a uk based newschannel so they focus on the uk . 
  it was just before the a400m deliveries started . 
  the situation should improve now ( as soon as the a400m works that is ) . 
  thats not how it works in france .
