look at iran if you do n't believe sanctions work . 
  sanctions -  inflation . 
  the british are the biggest group on / r/europe ... 
  guess where he mountains are !, 
  other countries have done just that and it worked out fine . 
  people adapt and still use the old measures in some expressions . 
  people call 500ml a pint etc. . 
  i mean people from others countries reusing american stereotypes about france . 
  i 'm quite sure france is n't the only european country to have surrendered in a war . 
  france is called that by americans and all the others follow because they ca n't find their own stereotypes . 
  what does this have to do with surrender ? 
  and saying no offense does n't magically make the offensive part disapear . 
  most immigrants from north africa want to go to france . 
  most from india/pakistan etc want to go to the uk . 
  depends on the languages they already speak and what country is the typical destination . 
  as every american seems to think . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_fifth_element does n't seem to have anything to do with hollywood . 
  and now baghdad as well . 
  not entirely true . 
  payed vacations and universal health care happened before wwii . 
  you can eat plenty of crepes only meals in france . 
  we even habe restaurants for that ( creperie ) . 
  living in sweden for 2 years now . 
  agreed on the candles . 
  candles everywhere . 
  at bars . 
  at work events . 
  at the bank when signing a contract !, 
  yet as someone from france i feel the same way about nordic hugs . 
  except that many people work more hours than the maximum anyways , especially for salaried work . 
  thats because its mostly crops and flat , not much to map !, 
  its impossible to rent what you want which results in the high ownership with mortage rate . 
  buying an appartement and paying barely above interest is effectively a way of renting it . 
  still then you only own the right to live there and not the actual piece of a building . 
  not agreeing with this whole discussion but `` german engineering '' is not magic just because americans decided to call it so . 
  french engineers have achieved a lot as well and are not inherently inferior to german ones . 
  its geography . 
  refugees wanting to go to france are already there . 
  those wanting to go to the uk have to go through france . 
  the uk is on the route to nowhere . 
  biper in french . 
  france has car tolls on most autoroutes ( motormays ) . 
  there is always a free ( slower ) alternative route though . 
  come on , you know that 's not the reason . 
  ah yes couscous , taboulet , tagine . 
  french stuff like alligot and truffade . 
  i have never and do n't intend to vote front national but calling them nazis is a bit over the top . 
  being a frenchman living in sweden in find sd quite similar . 
  does n't mean much over one year . 
  one extra deal can account for the difference . 
  that rather says something about the us . 
  why do you need more carriers than the rest of the world combined ? 
  yes they do . 
  because else sweden and finland look like a dick and balls . 
  i would mention latribune.fr and lesechos.fr for economy related news . 
  france has been over 7 % long before the current crisis . 
  always twice the uks rate or so . 
  different labour laws and all that . 
  france pays more to cap than it receives ... 
  french drink as much as britons , but drink mostly wine . 
  bread with butter as the first layer and nutella as the second is just delicious  !, 
  butter + nesquik has the same effect :p . 
  well read up on companies like finmeccanica etc. . . 
  there was one in corsican a few years back . 
  yes i do n't think it is true that the left sees him under a bad light . 
  in france he is mostly seen in positive light if not as a hero . 
  but then you miss out on a big part of the local culture . 
  you have n't tried good wheat bread i guess :p . but yeah time boulangeries start trying the dark stuff as well . 
  they use openstack ( swift ? ), 
  so you can use this api . 
  aaaaaaaaand france is the uk 's least trusted  !, 
  and toulouse for airbus . 
  the thing is you will find different items in every european countries . 
  a swedish supermarket is more foreign to me as a frenchman than a british one . 
  you wont find much dark bread in france . 
  yes 200 000 out of 65 millions . 
  people tend to protest in france . 
  so the religious minority was visible on that occasion . 
  fn has been the third party in france for a loooong time ( 20 + years ) . 
  this is n't much new . 
  yes nobels are mostly for fundamental research . 
  the amount here is for applied researcas well including private companies . 
  euronews ? 
  yes i remember in the 90s people in would commonly drive 150-160 km/h on the highway in france . 
  now most people stick to the speed to the speed limit or close to it ( 120-140 ) . 
  thats mostly due to speed radars , lots of folks got fined by these . 
  now france already had good roads and roundabouts back then so i do n't think thats the difference . 
  mostly cars got better . 
  i agree with you in principle but please note that the running out of missiles after 3 days in libya thing was not true and did not concern the uk and france . 
  geneva is the closest big town and i think most of the overground facilities are in the switzerland which would explain that . 
  3 days ? 
  it 's half a day now and has been for more than 10 years . 
  what tells you it was caused by the euro ? 
  unemployement in france has always been higher than in northern europe . 
  there was a global economic crisis and france due to its inflexibility is getting unemployement a bit later than everybody else even if the total bump is n't as noticeable . 
  asterix & obelix : mission cleopatre is the must see one . 
  although i 'm not sure the humour trabslates well . 
  well one thing is that english often has 2 words for common concept . 
  one of germanic origins , and one of latin/french origins . 
  so i guess you get twice the vocabulary for free this way .
