  cameron is a a europhile , the referendum is highly likely a no . 
  this is not 1992 repeated . 
  the sky is not falling in , you do n't need private health insurance and the disabled are n't being chucked over the white cliffs of dover . 
  in total coalition , mmm . 
  yes , and leaving it wo n't start wwiii . 
  i have watched the health select committees several times for example . 
  they do not set policy , they scrutinise function . 
  i meant taking the matters away from party politics . 
  yes , voter reform . 
  but we need to be mindful it will completely change the mechanics of the westminster system . 
  we know it 's broken , but we have to be very mindful of how we fix it . 
  aye , it is such a huge paradigm shift , it could lead to instability , which would not be beneficial for anyone in the short term . 
  i feel the british public are too fickle to cope with the instability and see it through ( av vote was not very long ago , now a vocal section are demanding reform ) . 
  mrs y balls, 
  used to know a paul nutter and an andrew nutter !, 
  i agree , a full pr system with coalitions - and cross-party committees for defence and the like . 
  but this is such a huge cultural shift , who knows how it will pan out . 
  ukip would have a substantially larger number of seats as well under a pr system . 
   yvette cooper she is ed balls ' wife . 
  they have three kids : joe balls , maddy balls , ellie balls . 
  sick of labour in my local constituency ( it is also council election day for me ) so i want them out . 
  i 'd have to vote ( tactically ) conservative to have a hope to oust mary creagh , if she lost it would create an immense shitstorm ( majority of 1650 last time afaik ) . 
  council wise , anything that gets rid of labour , likely lib dems . 
  kes , or the opening scene from an american werewolf in london . 
  wake up , france !, 
  ` die wacht am rhein ' is a hint :p hand back aquitaine & calais , and we 'll help ( offering isle of man in trade ) . 
  e : / s , christ . . 
  if the electorate admitted their own hypocrisy and ignorance and took a little more of an active role en mass , that 'd be a start . 
  ca n't say that is unique to uk politics though . 
  which post ? 
  is your hatred for britain levelled at the government or the entire population ? 
  europe good , eu bad . 
  except on paper . 
  does not mean i am xenophobic or an island monkey , may shock you to learn !, 
  keeps the onus off the real issue , which is frankfurt . 
  smoke and mirrors . 
  people leaving the eu and others coming in are two different things , so us who have n't fled should just stop whining about a lack of infrastructure/amenities because we are told to ? 
  fyi - following a hostile exit , as in no trade agreements . 
  until it is full federated the issue will constantly do the rounds i guess . 
  safe labour seat for me ( wakefield , mary creagh ) . 
  plastic labour credentials ( ed balls constituency is just to the north too ) , parachuted into a safe seat ... former mining and trade union territory dominated by older folks tribally voting labour , out of hatred for the tories and nostalgia for old labour . 
  until there is consensus in all member states , the eu will remain toothless . 
  but then , what if the larger eu nations want to do something , and the smaller ones do n't ? 
  democracy in action ? 
  depends on the individual i guess . 
  my own political make-up is a mixture of left and right wing ... which is why i am scratching my head over the forthcoming general election in may , looking at all the manifestos as they land and wading through the proposed policies . 
  how many times ... my experiences , and truly they were . 
  when i responded with a bit of history ( and some facts , oh boy ) they turned pretty nasty , calling me a right-wing tool ( sometimes i am a tool , though not this time ) . 
  yes , the eu will inevitably collapse ... history shows us this with every large empire or union ( just as the uk will eventually ) . 
  it is fear in those i have spoken to that is the primary factor in wanting to stay in the eu , a fear of the unknown and the apparent economic doom that we are told will befall us . 
  now , i 'd love to be in a european union where democracy , civil liberties and solidarity are promoted , but the problem is this it not what the eu currently is , and if it can not weather a crisis like that of the ukraine then what is the point ? 
  a fully federated eu or a simple bunch of trade treaties - it does n't even feel like we are in a transition from one to the other , just all the bureaucracy with none of the benefits . 
  just going on my own experiences , that i find more youngsters wanting to stay in the eu vs older people wishing to leave ( in the part of yorkshire i live ) . 
  how do you see the eu evolving over the next 50-100 years ? 
  do you think the recent surge in nationalism will evaporate ? 
  let 's remain civil , hmm ? 
  i know , the general left-feeling i mentioned is constantly rammed down my throat , often by blinkered youngsters . 
  the eu needs massive reform and streamlining , but it seems destined to tie itself in knots and implode . 
  sigh , such a narrow sighted view ( those scaremongering , paid eu shills ? 
  utopian youths who do n't vote ? ) ... 
  is it really hard to fathom the world will not end if the uk decide to leave the eu , and the uk will not revert to the dark ages . 
  source matey , sauce is something you put on food , 
  thanks for the info . 
  sure i was reading this morning about an imminent hike in the french terrorism threat level , then this . 
  let 's see what news rolls in over the coming days . 
  went there in 2013 , great museum . 
  terrible news , rip . 
  [ beep beep !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goliath_tracked_mine ), 
  [ this one too . 
  ] ( http://media.iwm.org.uk/iwm/medialib/144/media-144109/large.jpg?action=d&amp;cat=art ), 
  government smashed the smuggling of dutch tea into the colonies and people cried hard . 
  the tax was applied on importation to great britain by the eic . 
  point them to spain in cuba or usa in the philippines :p, 
  apples and oranges . 
  [ brigadier john enoch powell ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enoch_powell ) had a brilliant mind and was a great politician . 
   powell was reading ancient greek by the age of five and learned it from his mother . 
  at the age of 70 he began learning his 12th and final language , hebrew . 
  his so-called ' [ river of blood ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) ' speech is widely misunderstood , have a gander . 
   the future labour leader michael foot remarked to a reporter that it was `` tragic '' that this `` outstanding personality '' had been widely misunderstood as predicting actual bloodshed in britain , when in fact he had used the aeneid quotation merely to communicate his own sense of foreboding . 
  downvote away , or try reading and learning . 
  part of his speech on the [ hola massacre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hola_massacre ) in kenya :  nor can we ourselves pick and choose where and in what parts of the world we shall use this or that kind of standard . 
  we can not say , ` we will have african standards in africa , asian standards in asia and perhaps british standards here at home ' . 
  we have not that choice to make . 
  we must be consistent with ourselves everywhere . 
  all government , all influence of man upon man , rests upon opinion . 
  what we can do in africa , where we still govern and where we no longer govern , depends upon the opinion which is entertained of the way in which this country acts and the way in which englishmen act . 
  we can not , we dare not , in africa of all places , fall below our own highest standards in the acceptance of responsibility . 
  most use the prince as a resource , so not really surprising . 
  and that book is from the 16th century . 
  anyone got the actual amounts rather than percentages ? 
  i 'd hazard a guess , say france , use a lot more energy than some random eastern european state . 
  too left wing here for that !, 
  i understand this . 
  but the op wanted a hypothetical reaction to a hypothetical situation !, 
  lament years of defence cuts and armchair liberals stating ` this should n't happen in the 21st century , how * did * this happen * here * ? 
  a lad i met at uni had a grandfather serving in that , what an ice breaker that was ( took the onus of his lazy eye though ) . 
  even if this study happens to come true , maybe it is a price worth paying in some people 's opinions for leaving the eu ... 
  [ constantine the great ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constantine_the_great ) was proclaimed augustus in eboracum ( york ) following his father 's death there . 
  after the usual roman civil wars he then went on to become emperor of both the east & the west .
