  it 's much more important to the canadians . 
  do you guys differentiate between minimum , normal , and maximum security prisons ? 
  here the type of shit you get depends on your prison type . 
  minimum and normal security prisoners ca n't get electronics ( i believe ) but they are allowed to play stuff like dnd , talk to family and visitors a decent amount , etc. 
  when you have a closed border that sends in about 1 million unregistered immigrants a year over the course of 15ish years and sends over hundreds of billion in drugs then you can compare the border policy of the two . 
  seeing the stats on how europe views immigration shows me that a lot of you would be for this type border policy if you had a similar situation . 
  obama passed an executive order giving million of these undocumented immigrants effective citizenship anyway , so it 's not like we kill every mexican we see . 
  border policy is not what i was referring to when i said lax immigration policy . 
  i was referring to the process of becoming a citizen . 
  edit : about people getting shot crossing the us border , yet it does happen , and it happens a little too much in my eyes . 
  but considering how probably million , if not millions have crossed , the 10,000 deaths over 20 years is a low percent of the border hoppers . 
  i should 've clarified i meant non eu citizens . 
  the flooding of that river always gets me . 
  it was n't even to stop the japanese army , just to slow it down . 
  that is my bad because i only checked france and germany . 
  i 'll edit my post, 
  do n't many eu countries require a college degree in order to be able to immigrate there ? 
  i made the same mistake of trying to compare us and german immigration yesterday , but it does n't really work . 
  the us does n't have anything like the eu 's open borders and we have relatively lax immigration policies , but we do share a border mexico which brings in a lot of illegal and legal immigrants . 
  the countries that export the most immigrants to the us are mexico , china and india . 
  the eu in general had tighter immigration restrictions , but freedom of movement . 
  along with that , the eu is accepting a huge influx of refugees into the country legally . 
  two completely different situations that should not really be compared . 
  edit : i have been informed many eu countries have laxer immigration than the us . 
  with the exception of russians , most of these immigrants are actually citizens of the eu . 
  it 's a little misleading if this headline is trying to make you think 20 % of germany are islamic refugees/migrants . 
  i think most people attribute the war starting as a mix between revanchism and the great depression . 
  i do n't know what many reasons people have for france starting it , generally do n't listen to people who blame the war on france because they 're almost always wehraboos . 
   it was the french attitude that caused hitler 's rise to power . 
  stop believing in the versailles caused wwii meme . 
  i 'm not saying you should violate their human rights . 
  i 'm saying that having messy toliet , something prisoners should probably be cleaning themselves , and not getting a shower every day are n't even close to having human rights taken away . 
  relevant username, 
  that 's the point of a prison . 
  there 's a difference between actively beating and torturing prisoners and having messy toilets and smelly prisoners . 
  edit : to clarify . 
  i 'm not saying that the overcrowding and decline of healthcare is ok . what i 'm saying is that trash everywhere and dirty toliets , something prisoners should probably be assigned to clean up themselves , is n't a violation of human rights . 
  is this an normal thing in europe or was it a very rare occurrence . 
  exactly 1 % . 
  5.81 billion dollars out of a 581 billion dollar gdp . 
  germany withdrew her military advisers from china after the japanese invasion , so i would n't call them allies . 
  just look at okinawa , women charging with spears and school kids doing mine suicide bombing charges to take out tanks . 
  the japanese emperor at the time could be reasonably considered a puppet of the military . 
  it was already as bad as the eastern front if you could the chinese , and if japan actually got invaded it would 've been would 've been comparable to the european front in casualties . 
  on the other hand , we are n't really taught the war of 1812 here since it 's a war we actually lost . 
  america does n't avoid teaching wars where it was the aggressor , it just avoids teaching wars it lost . 
  that 's a shame , but it makes sense considering how irrelevant it is to you guys . 
  we learn less about the eastern front then i 'm sure you all do . 
  a lot of vps are picked because they guarantee that the state they come from will vote for that presidential canddiate , but trump could n't even get his home state to vote for him , so take that as you will . 
  no worries , many americans think impeached means getting kicked out of office . 
  i would n't e suprised if that 's what got you confused . 
  with all due respect , the american and brits were known for using basic ideas that reduced casualties that the soviets did not bother using , nor does it help that the soviets , germans and japanese liked to kill or hurt huge amounts of the opposing nations civilian population . 
  the soviets were by far the biggest contributer against germany , but there was still italy and japan to worry about . 
  if you want to say we have n't experiences real bloodshed i would agree , although with some us civil war estimates that are more recent the southern deaths above the per capita deaths of france in wwi ( with southern estimates be around 7-8 % ) , while the north had a percent similar to what the uk had in wwi ( around 2 % ) . 
  although those wars were obviously less destructive on industry then either world war was . 
  the war itself ended because the south ran out of men from injuries , prisoners of war , and deaths ( they went through about 40-50 % of their male population ) . 
  the actual numbers are low though , because the size of each nation was small at the time . 
  your air violations per capita is indeed very strong . 
  you ca n't have the eu flair and then say fuck ee for being scared of russia . 
   earth flair  ca n't look past their own countries business interest, 
  and what of italy , poland , and sweden who all oppose it ? 
  not to mention all the little ee guys . 
  if germany actually wants to earn the trust of ee back , they could start by not doing nordstream 2 . 
  based on post history he is very a very anti-american person when it comes to almost anything we do . 
  just let the man have his tantrum . 
  this is a ridiculous conspiracy theory . 
  i think there is a much obvious reasons for why germany supports taking actions against the us for these sanctions , and it rhymes with ` blussia provides all of blermanys oil '', 
  i thought napoleon was the only non russian that made it into the top 10 ? 
  i mean , if you read the rest of my comments you would know what i meant . 
  tankies are one of the only groups of people i can say are legitimately sometimes worse than holocaust deniers . 
  imo it 's one thing if a person says `` holocaust is n't real and this is the truth '' and a different thing if a government says `` holocaust is n't real and this is the truth . 
  thank god they liberated europe by pushing back into finland !, 
  i never said every european country was colonial , just that almost every country on earth has had some stage in their history where they were imperialist . 
  there 's historical precident for that . 
  i would n't be suprised if it did split up again . 
  that makes a lot more sense . 
  the growth of china quarter by quarter actually does n't seem to be that high . 
  holy shit , china has an 11 trillion dollars gdp already ? 
  do n't expect chinese level growth since they are still fully catching up to their max potential and are ok with horrible conditions for their citizens . 
  the second the poor chinese decide they want more rights is the day china 's economic growth slows down . 
  cortes has the benefit of the natives literally thinking he was a god because when he showed up his body appearance and the time of his arrival was incredibly close to a widely believed prophecy . 
  otherwise i see your point . 
  we did n't have access to the entire current us territory for a long time , but when we got new territory what natives were left were either put in reservations , killed , `` tamed '' , and many other atrocious things . 
  china 's growth rate is actually unhealthy , and they are pretty much destined to be a superpower eventually . 
  plus china has a lower gdp , so if both the eurozone and china grow by the same percent the eurozone will have grown more . 
  those were the main three that i was referring to when i said `` few '' . 
  it 's honestly not a lot , but it still fits the bill . 
  i just get a little apologetic sometimes , no worries . 
  it 's definitely sad to see how soviet occupation of certain ee countries and complete control over other ones still effects them to this day . 
  just because 95 % of the native americans died to disease does n't mean there still were n't native americans around . 
  one of the most famous native american cities ( located where mexico city is today ) was about the size of paris during the time it was discovered . 
  i would say that we could ( sadly ) preform these mass genocide because they were so ravaged by disease , since the natives we 're actually well known for being better than the average colonial with a gun they probably would 've been able to fight back effectively if they were n't so destroyed . 
  again , i 'm not saying we would n't have tried to kill them all and do what we did if the disease was n't there , i 'm just saying we probably would n't have been successful . 
  if you do n't find the joke funny that is fine . 
  a joke is only worth being told if it is funny after all . 
  and if you find it offensive and funny then downvoting it is definitely the right call , i just wanted to make it clear that no native american genocide denial was happening . 
  did n't mean to offend . 
  just that i did n't know the baltics had such a high number of immigrants . 
  read my other reply . 
  i explain that i was not denying massive american crimes against humanity , just that most natives did die to disease before we even met them , and two , that it was an anti vaxxer joke .
