  `` the data for the report was collected before the full implementation of obamacare , which dramatically expanded health insurance , so it 's possible that the u.s. may rise in future rankings '' 2 . 
  `` and notably , both the u.k. and u.s. ranked low on the `` healthy lives '' scale , which considers infant mortality , healthy life expectancy at age 60 , and mortality from preventable conditions , such as high blood pressure . '', 
  the article goes on to talk about how our system itself seems to be very good , espically preventive care , but our lowest ranking scores comes from people avoiding going to the hospital and other similar situations . 
  hopefully once the universal healthcare system does arrive these problems go down the drain , as long as we do n't become like canada and end up using the hospitals too much . 
  the us was n't the only country with mass protesting over trump being elected , so people outside the borders seem to care somewhat about our internal politics . 
  i do n't know why you expected me to guess that this float was a bunch of americans in a dutch parade when it seemed more likely in my eyes that it was dutch people using america as an example . 
  i do n't expect people to care about the us 's internal situation , but i 'm also not suprised when it does get mentioned . 
  i did n't know . 
  could n't find any non-dutch info on what was happening . 
  thanks for telling me . 
  thanks for telling me more about it . 
  it was difficult to find any extra info on the parade that was in english . 
  sad to hear that this still goes on in the netherlands , i hope this is n't the case for long . 
  i 'm glad that at least the people who attended enjoyed it . 
  i myself am bi , leaning on the gay side , and have been invited to lgbt pride rallies before , but they just are n't my thing . 
  more power to you if you enjoy them i guess . 
  i just do n't get why people need to identify as their sexuality . 
  it 's one thing to fight for rights for rights , but doing a make america gay again parade in the netherlands is n't going to do that . 
  hetero people do n't have crazy parties like this over being straight . 
  apparently that 's an actual thing . 
  alex jones is still a meme though . 
  it was the flag of the army . 
  [ the imperial japanese flag \\ ( the one that is used by the army \\ ) ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/06/war_flag_of_the_imperial_japanese_army.svg/1280px-war_flag_of_the_imperial_japanese_army.svg.png ) is considered offensive because of the rays coming out of the sun , meaning that the entire world is the rightful clay of japan . 
  i might be biased because nobody here likes the imperial flag either ( besides maybe weeaboos ) , but i just do n't think it 's appropriate for japan to keep it . 
   hat 's not necessarily true ; poverty in america is not a uniquely urban phenomena and rural whites still represent the largest impoverished group in the united states . 
  ** the 2010 census revealed that just pver half of america 's impoverished population were non-hispanic whites . 
  ** compared to about 74 % of america being white . 
   indeed , age may be a more reliable indicator than race , with a reported 1/5 of millenials and 18 % of children classified as impoverished . 
  i 'll need to refind the graph , but there 's evidence out there that shows that younger ( 18-25 ) americans are poorer than the average german , swede , or any european in general , but once you hit the 25 + ranges americans start to reach 2x or 3x the wealth of europeans at the same age bracket . 
  whether this is a measurement of millenials being broke and if the trend will age with them , or if it 's just something that tends to consistently happen in the us i do not know . 
   it 's a chicken and the egg scenario . 
  the us has always been ** radically individualistic ** this is a big thing here . 
  [ we are actually ] ( http://www.clearlycultural.com/geert-hofstede-cultural-dimensions/individualism/ ) [ the most individualistic nation on earth ] ( https://hbdchick.wordpress.com/2013/09/07/national-individualism-collectivism-scores/ ) along with the rest of the anglo countries . 
  does this graph include insurance paying for a medical bill as private expenditure , or does it only count individual people ? 
  that 's the only reason i can see it being so high . 
  it 's either that or the people who do the have insurance and go broke from medical bills skew the graph this much ( which would show that our medical prices are way too extreme beyond how bad i thought they were . ), 
  the usa median wage in september 2014 was $ 51,939, 
  that 's government spending , not the spending of the people . 
  americans have lower taxes than most developed nations and the vast majority pay little to nothing for health insurance . 
  russia got some of the midwest but mostly the rust belt . 
  polan can into florida, 
  we tend to like our president , but hate congress and the media . 
  our hate is just directed at other targets . 
  you 'll never get a president below 30 % here in the us unless something crazy happens . 
  relative to how presidents usually do in their own country i think macron is doing better . 
  is there a reason the eu patent office and many eu countries are so low ? 
  yep , sorry for all the mistakes i made . 
  tired and phone autocorrect do n't make a good combo . 
  i believe the idea was the include iran and nk to make it harder for trump to veto , of course adding iran onto there was a dumb idea since now they 'll just do whatever they want . 
  i got ta agree . 
  the fact that we 're raising sanctions on iran when they meet the requirements for the nuclear agreement fucks over our credibility . 
  hopefully europe will handle the situation correctly . 
  it 's funny that republicans opposed it , as it was a republican idea to begin with . 
  it 's because the vast majority of people pay next to nothing for their healthcare , since their jobs cover it for them , and can afford it . 
  america is has a strong belief in individualism , so there 's this whole mindset of `` if you do n't have a job it 's because you are lazy . '', 
  nobody wants to pay for ` lazy '' people because they think that we would have to raise taxes to be able to pay for this system ( not realize we already pay more per capita than any other nation for healthcare , and the problem is forced inefficent in the system to benefit big businesses ) . 
  americans like low taxes , we have some of the lowest taxes in the developed world , and a lot of our citizens will not support something that seems like it will raise taxes , whether it will or not . 
   welcome to reddit ftfy, 
  it 's a joke mang . 
  that 's probably true , but there needs to be a sizable garrison in post soviet states to keep putin out of them . 
  it does n't matter who garrisons them ( us does n't have to be there ) as long as the rest of europe could provide a good garrison . 
  i did n't count the uk because i was only thinking of eu countries . 
  i know that the uk had n't officially left yet ( or has it ? 
  it 's kind of confusing ) , but if they were included that would be a huge plus . 
  that 's not fair to say . 
  the us , canada , northern europe , and probably many others have people who are use to russian levels of winter . 
  russia just does n't have any immediate powerful neighbors who can claim that they have people that are use to russian conditions . 
  besides , militaries are a different beast now then they have ever been before . 
  and the nazi lose in the soviet union had as much do to the growing strength of the red army and the weakening of the wehrmacht as it did the winter . 
  i 'm afraid the only way france could compete with russia 's military is with their nukes . 
  if italy , poland france and germany united they could probably defeat russia . 
  ( i only say maybe because it would require 4 countries uniting against one country which makes organization a lot trickier . ), 
  i mean , some of these points were subjective , some were just dumb wank , while others were straight up wrong . 
  pretty bog standard '' ( insert country/region here ) fuck ya ) type of video . 
  i still love you guys though < 3, 
  we have deserts and swamps , so we have plenty of areas that can get that hot and humid . 
  because they are n't use to it ? 
  i 'm sure you would freak out if you were outside during a blizzard . 
  would be about 43-44 degrees for you . 
  that 's true , half of these things are gon na probably stick around for the foreseeable future no matter who leads us ( heroine addiction , cops , prisoners ) , but the other half could be solved if we had the right leaders . 
  not on the same level as many other countries . 
  i 'll mention france again , but they had their industry completely destroyed from wwi and because the war reparations were n't paid back they could n't repair properly , the us was in shambles during the 30s , etc. 
  i would n't say the us is in a downward spiral . 
  his username should explain everything about his personality . 
  franco prussian war had larger war reparations yet the french paid them back without bitching about it . 
  along with this , treaty the germans had prepared for their version of versailles if they won was way worse than versailles turned out to be . 
  1920-1930s germany was just a being a bitch . 
  as long as they do n't do their circlejerk in front of the children ... 
  only a small amount of people actually need a loan for healtcare . 
  we might not have universal healthcare but i think you guys forget that insurance is a thing that does exist . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's horrendous that a single person working full time at the minimum wage is under the poverty line and i think we should at least raise it to 9-10 $ nationally , but it 's just not that many americans overall . 
  he 's got to at least pretend it 's a democratic process . 
  maybe he actually does n't , considering his approval ratings in russia , i dunno . 
  that 's true , but as much as we like to shit on ourselves for not having universal healthcare , we do provide government healthcare and food stamps for the poor . 
  even in america we need bank loans to buy a house . 
   i 'm pro-eu and pro-immigration but undermining the local worker pay makes my blood boil and i 'm not even danish . 
  it 's definitely a problem almost everywhere . 
  crazy amounts of immigration from poor countries either leads to higher unemployment or it leads to lower/stagnant wages, 
  as someone else cited , if you remove teenagers with part time jobs only 2 % of the country actually works at the minimum wage . 
  some cities and counties have different ones .
