  ( i do not blame the normal citizens though , it is mainly government officials . ), 
  i will feel sad if this is what my country becomes , but that 's a future worry . 
  i see where you are coming from , but give us some slack since the guy did n't even score the popular vote and russia definitely messed around with the election in multiple ways . 
  side note : we have the strongest military because we have the best economy and because our boats patrol the seas so nobody else has to . 
  we have enough of a military to serve our interests plus the interests of our allies plus help defend free trade . 
  medicine and higher quality of life will cause your sustainable population to soar , that 's for certain . 
  i never would 've guessed it would 've increased it by 10 times the amount though . 
  it always amazes me how dense europe , asia , and big us cities are . 
  i could n't imagine living in 35 square meters , let alone half of that . 
  i definitely love your country though , it 's very pretty !, 
  i 've only ever expirenced large scale industrialized farming because of where i live in the states ( iowa , a place where you can live in a town of 100,000 people and still have giant acres long cornfields and cow pastures in the middle of it . ), 
  however , our actual climate is more comparable to russia , which might explain why we have to do large scale farming like this . 
  edit : the soil is good , but nothing like what indonesia has , i was just saying our weather is n't the best for crops lifespan . 
  that 's a fair point , a better example would be that indonesia is about three times the size of texas , although a huge chunk of texas is desert , nor do they have to set aside area to produce all of their food needs , so i guess that does n't work either . 
  someone posted a pic throwing it onto the continental us , an area which has fantastic farming area . 
  the pic definitely gives you an idea how cramped indonesia is , i 'd highly recommend looking at it if you have n't . 
  i mean , london is still classified as the world 's financial hub , even slightly above new york itself . 
  i could see paris making a bid for being the eu financial center if it gives tons of tax breaks , but there 's no way it 's gon na be europe 's financial center ( as in the continent . ), 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  indonesia has ~ 260 million people yet they are only slightly bigger than alaska . 
  it gets even crazier , almost all of them live on one of the smaller islands in the country itself . 
  [ this map should give you an idea of how tightly packed in they all are . 
  ] ( http://img.static.reliefweb.int/sites/reliefweb.int/files/styles/attachment-large/public/resources-pdf-previews/15482-a17f8570738456b2c12576260048663f-map.png?itok=9rljpcy7 ), 
  i have the expectation that they 'd change their mind in the name of obvious evidence , and i mean some of them have considering his approval rating , it 's just not the majority of them . 
  well of course , i 'm just trying to say that not every single criticism should be ignored even if the intent of the criticism is in the wrong place . 
  ben garrison on / r/europe ? 
  risky move since it 's not really related to europe and this is a famous rightwing political comic artist . 
  memes aside , it 's disappointing to see how the right has handled this scandal . 
  you 're 100 % correct , not to mention that whatever version of the bible you read has gone through at least 3 translations ( aramaic that jesus spoke to greek , greek to roman , roman to your language . ), 
  edit : i 'd like to mention i said roman and not latin , it was 2-3 am when i made this so i was tired . 
  i 'll leave it though since i think it 's funny . 
  disclaimer : i 've only ever been to 2 different applebee 's they 're infamous for often microwaving their food , although not all locations do this . 
  personally i just do n't like their food and i 've had bad experiences with their service . 
  i do n't know if this is what you mean , but in my class when we were covering the book for every chapter we 'd have to have 10-20 minutes of history and mythology to understand the references to people and creatures that showed up in that chapter . 
  my teacher also liked to cover how certain people related to dante and why they showed up in certain parts because they did something to piss him off . 
  the translated english itself was fine . 
  maybe it was watered down like you said though , as the english version gives up some of the rhyming schemes to try to translate the meaning ( they try to keep it when they can though . ), 
  your problem is you went to applebees . 
  let 's not pretend the west did nothing but sit back and relax while we waited for those world wars and communism to blow over . 
  tbf i doubt any major politician would write their own speech . 
  good thing he did n't give the speech in germany or france then . 
  9/11 was 4 planes mang . 
  i 'm up for a good yuro bash anytime of the day , but i 'd say they have a couple of legit greviences with what we 've done in the past . 
  is n't estonia really good with cyberwarfare and cybersecurity anyway ? 
  he 's not kidding about the lumber , it 's probably better than any of the shit you guys have in europe . 
  germany has a stronger industrial base , a bigger population , and has some 28 fortune 500 companies , with italy not even having a number in the double digits ( i could not find the exact number for italy . ), 
  there 's more to it than that , but it should give a little bit of an idea why there 's a difference in the economy between the two . 
  yes , but this subreddit was gon na do it anyway . 
  electric boogalo : the ~ ~ south ~ ~ east will rise again !, 
  edition . 
   this country is a shamefull joke as a whole america : hold my beer . 
   indoctrinated , head to toe . 
  throw up your hands in the air in faux enlightenment , and accept the world as you 've been it is . 
  it is the other great american political tradition . 
  you can think what you want , that does n't make you right . 
  i have n't ever had the idea that other nations do bad things ( besides obvious shit like nazi germany , imperial japan , ussr , etc. ), 
  planted in me by the education system . 
  in the us , as i 'm sure you love to stereotype and make fun of , we focus a lot on us history and less on global history . 
  i did more own learning and research to learn of any bad shit any european country did besides colonization and crusades , since our school system fucking idolizes the continent and its culture . 
  just because you 're taught about your holocaust does n't mean we are n't taught about our genocides . 
   `` fucking over '' ? 
  you get it as much as poles themselves , right ? 
  we 've been suprised at how xenophobic , backwards and authoritarian they are . 
  do n't act as if disagreeing is somehow offensive , that 's a republican/conservative move and should be beneath anybody . 
  sounds like you 're making excuses to act the way your country does . 
  what 's this about `` liberating '' people ? 
  ya , i know , your country does n't say it that way , but it 's the same idea . 
  your country is just scared that eastern europe will ever achieve any sort of prosperity , weakening germany . 
   i really do n't know what kind of sources you have been reading to think we are trying to control eastern europe , it sure is n't anything in german . 
  no , i have n't been reading german ones , and it does n't matter that i have n't read any german sources . 
  the german language is n't immune to lie , and anything written in german would more than likely slant towards germany . 
  not to be mean , but many of your points show a lack of critical thinking on your part . 
  it sounds like you 're repeating propoganda and indoctrination of how eastern europe is backwards and needs the help of the german people so your government has popular support to fuck them over , you can trust i know what i 'm talking about when it comes to your government trying to justify their interests to you , i live in the us . 
  that does n't really address my points and instead just proclaims your smug patriotism in the moral superiority of your country . 
  while america may have neo-colonial tendencies in the middle east , so does france in africa , as do germans when it comes to eastern europe , heck , even china is trying to add many latin american countries to their influence . 
  if you 're superior to us americans when it comes to not dicking around with other countries maybe you should stop trying to fuck over your neighbors . 
  there 's a reason poles have a much higher opinion of my country than of your country . 
  do i support everything my country does ? 
  no , i 'm not a blind idiot . 
  i also recognize that many countries do the same , and i 'm not about to beat myself over something that is being practiced , has been practiced , and will be practiced by every collective in a position of power for eternity . 
  are we gon na ignore the fact it took a revolution for indonesia to break free from the dutch ? 
  are we gon na ignore france and the uk and their actions over the suez canal in the 50s ? 
  ( around the time of the iranian coup for those who keep score . ), 
  france trying to keep vietnam ? 
  the british keeping hong kong until the 90s ? 
  sure , you could also mention things like the spanish-american war to show american imperialism , but then i 'd have to bring up things like the berlin conference . 
  it 's not even just europeans and americans !, 
  look at japan taking korea and taiwan !, 
  anyone with power is going to use power , when the european states had power they went around conquering shit . 
  now that we have power here in the us we at least let nations keep their soverignty if they play nice . 
  and tomorrow , when china has power , you can be sure they 'll do the same thing . 
  i 'm on mobile , so i 'm just going to give a quick paraphrased summary of each quote so you know what part i 'm referring to . 
   the can be forgiven if you have learned from your past . 
  the only reason your country is n't doing the same shit is because you do n't have the money to do it anymore . 
  let 's not pretend otherwise . 
   i know the history of many countries and you did n't use manifest destiny as a counter argument to colonization ? 
  interesting . 
   tax haven laws of the us ever heard of the term swiss bank account ? 
  the term comes from us companies and rich people doing all their banking in switzerland to avoid the taxes here , no matter what laws we have . 
  we also have some looser laws to be more small business friendly , however if you have enough lawyers you can find loopholes to any small business friendly exemption or subsidize .
