ya , that would add up . 
  taxes from your paycheck are about 10 % i think , at least in my state , so they should have plenty . 
  oh well , ca n't really blame them for spending the money they have i guess . 
  12,500 a month should cover that pretty well , and have plenty to spare . 
  besides the impulse purchasing of course and having two car loans at the same time , that 's just poor planning . 
  the eu countries would just increase their military spending ? 
  it would n't be a huge deal . 
  this sounds more like poor planning or sudden emergencies happening every day . 
  nobody making 150k a year should be living paycheck by paycheck . 
  as other people have mentioned , a lot of companies will have medical insurence as part or the package , the problem is our high unemployment and those companies that only have you work 35 hours a week to avoid having to give you full time benefits . 
  different names for the same thing . 
  it 's a joke because a lot of people hate obamacare but love the aca, 
  i 'm a huge anime fan . 
  the folks over at / r/anime just gave me an ironic sense of humor . 
  for real . 
  if you want to stay pure non furry do not watch space jam . 
  anime itself is cancer , this is an undeniable fact . 
  [ it 's been mathematically proven traps are gay . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1x5vrykzmw ), 
  north korea is sharing land with two countries . 
  they already invaded south korea and that did n't go well ( although that does n't stop them from occasionally shelling sk or sinking some ship ) , the other country is china , their only all and a country way above their league . 
  just because north korea has n't had the capacity to go to war around the globe does n't mean they are n't an aggressor to this situation . 
  i understand completely , you guys have a lot of reason to hate some foreigner coming in and doing the nazi sieg heil . 
  i myself am very conflicted on whether punching this neo-nazi was morally the correct thing to do or not . 
  the reason i made my post about taking a piss on the side of the road was to show why i disagreed with kingestpaddle 's argument , not because i do n't understand why a german would hit someone who was doing the nazi salute . 
  could n't this have just been a pm bot instead ? 
  that 's what it seems like as well , but that was n't known at the time of my post \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  i do n't think this is strictly european . 
  i live in a city of 100k people in the midwest and i 'm right next to a diary farm and corn field just in the city . 
  you can smell the cow shit if you 're unlucky and they poo at the edge of their pen . 
   btw , this is also illegal in germany , so even if they had n't been punched they would 've gone to jail , whether they were idiots or not . 
  just like these chinese tourists : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-nazi-tourists-iduskbn1al0km it 's also illegal to take a piss on the side of the road , that does n't mean it 's ok to punch someone for doing it . 
  the white nationalist car attack and the shit going on in charlottesville , virgina . 
  give us your stuff spain , or else we will blow up our shop and say you did it . 
  you won . 
   ireland as proto-americans i ca n't tell if this is a joke about `` i 'm irish '' or if you 're just putting ireland together with gb . 
  this study only looked at white and black americans , so the opposite race of whatever the person being questioned was . 
  anecdotally , most people here think higher of african blacks higher than `` 8th generation brown skinned citizens '', 
  `` both racial specific conditions and individual characteristics are at play . 
  first , in terms of race , whites are still less likely to support interracial marriage as compared to blacks . 
  in 2000 , 24 percent of blacks and 11 percent of whites said they strongly favor their close relative marrying someone of the opposite race . '', 
  this is the source i was talking about in my edit . 
  it seems they only counted people who are `` strongly in favor '' . 
  i did get the white americans part of the stat mixed with the black americans part of the stat though , so thanks for bringing it up again so that can be corrected . 
  as long as he does n't look latino he is probably fine . 
  i meant that more as if people associate asian with the middle east , they would assume they are muslim . 
  from what i 've gathered from my anecdotal experiences i do n't think this is right , but i could be completely wrong and you could be completely right , i do n't know enough about the topic . 
  from my completely personal opinion and experiences , with no sources or stats to back this up , i 'm guessing it has to do with us either being too young to remember pre-9 / 11 america ( which was apparently a lot different than post-9 / 11 america ) , and we have been at war our entire life . 
  that 's my point . 
  it 's a single study that has yet to be replicated and only uses a very small demographic , so take it with a grain of salt . 
  i still think it 's worth mentioning though , and i would imagine this would apply in a lot of the western world if true , and not just america . 
  honestly asia it makes no sense to me that asia includes the middle east but not australia and new zealand . 
  i think asia should be split into at least 2 other continents if not more . 
  yep . 
  here in the us the countries that would come to mind are in south east asia , and probably first the japanese beecause of our long ( by american standards ) 170 history with them , but the vietnamese , chinese and koreans would also be thought of . 
  for the uk i 'd imagine it would be india and pakistan , and from what other people have said i would be correct . 
  maybe people from other countries think of the middle east when they hear asian , but i do not know . 
  that 's what i 've seen too . 
  they seem to be more socially on the left ( with a few exceptions ) and seem to be more economically and religiously right-wing . 
  many people are saying that they are a more classic libertarian generation, 
  http://www.cnsnews.com/commentary/eric-metaxas/next-generation-americans-gen-z-may-be-most-conservative-wwii http://dailycaller.com/2017/07/01/new-study-generation-z-votes-republican/, 
  i 've found a stat that says it 's like 24 % for white americans , but it 's manipulating data by only including people who `` strongly favor their relatives marrying someone of another race '' instead of including people who do n't care either way or even slight preference to marrying another race . 
  i ca n't really find any good sources on the matter , but that 's probably because i do n't really speak german and my spanish and french are rusty . 
  if you could find any stats ( and hopefully translate the most important parts ) i would love to see it . 
  considering that gen z in ( 1995-undecided ) seem to be the most conservative generation since the greatest generation ( 1901-1924 ) and are the first generation in a long time that is more conservative and religious than their parents or their grandparents i would be sad but not surprised to see the pendulum swing the other way . 
  it actually says that it was 4 % approval in the 1950s-1960s with a 96 % disaproval . 
  ya , it went from over 90 % against to almost 90 % are ok with it in like 50 years . 
  why are memes from / r/me _ irl posting in this sub . 
  kinda weird how low the ranking for asian is , unless you guys associate the middle east with asia over places like china , india and japan . 
  also , for a good non-euro reference point , [ about 87 % of americans are fine with white-black marriage ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/163697/approve-marriage-blacks-whites.aspx ) . 
  i could not find stats to compare for the rest other 3 graphs . 
  that 's every brit though . 
  normally i would disagree , but flag burning or desecration is usually used as a way to protest . 
  as a decently patriotic american i do n't really see the harm in it . 
  these guys went to another country to burn the flag of that country when it was illegal , which is incredibly stupid of them , and i do n't really support that action , but that does n't mean that i think flag desecration should be illegal either . 
  weird , considering the brits are the reason the eu is so big . 
  french got a few mentions , and the movie showed how poorly the french were treated during the evacuation . 
  i think it was pretty fair to the french for a movie focusing on the brits retreating from dunkirk . 
  are you kidding ? 
  an attack on a us soldier would mean war on the us . 
  they might not hold off the initial attack but it would mean the american people would n't have an excuse to not get involved in the war . 
  the chinese hid much of their military spending through other means . 
  like outsourcing the maintenance of their nukes to universities , but those universities get all their funding to maintain the nukes from the government . 
  this means the party can hide some of the military budget in the education budget . 
  i mean , it 's not like everyone buys their wood from brazil or anything . 
  but look at all the failed previous colonies . 
  also , the christianity of choice in the us and australia is n't the the christianity that matches with the rest of europe . 
  you might be better at actual imperialism but we have you beat with neo-colonialism, 
  pot is illegal in the us according the the federal government , they just are n't taken action against states who legalize it . 
  brazil is making a lot more progress than indonesia is . 
  fun fact : did you know that according to eurostat , all eu countries havr the exact same number of males that are pregnant between the ages of 14-19 ? 
  17k a year is pretty low tbf . 
  europe is currently relevant because of the eu and they are friendly with a superpower , i think that as long as at least one of those things remains you will be fine . 
  if you want insurance that you 'll be a strong nation whose interests are listened to no matter what it will take unification , but it 's not required imo . 
  brazil has a gdp pretty equivalent to france ( 2.1 for brazil vs 2.4 for france ) and has a higher potential to grow than most of europe does because or its population . 
  you do not need to be a great power with a huge population to have a good economy , just like at south korea . 
  you must go through all the backround checks is my point . 
  there 's a possibility that a european federation would just do the same stuff we do if they had more power , we do n't really know . 
  brazil is probably gon na be the most likely candidate for our western world counterbalance eventually . 
  you do n't need to be a world power to have a good quality of life .
