  they did not reach these numbers till '44 i believe . 
  but i do concede , the empire did the heavy lifting in the burma campaign . 
  tbf tora tora tora was filmed by the japanese for the japanese part . 
  all the offensives to reclaim burma were unsuccessful until american trained and lead chinese troops came in to help . 
  the brits and dutch also lost all their early naval battles against the japanese as well . 
  the japanese were not pushovers , and it would take more than the token force any of the european powers could manage to deal with them . 
  the brits would 've been 1/3 of the manpower during operation downfall if it happened , but it did n't , so they were n't huge contributors in the pacific war . 
   `` tesla was american '' - no he was n't . 
  serbian , but he lived in america in later parts of his life . 
  also how could you forget benjamin franklin when it comes to electricity . 
   nasa got to the moon ya but it was american money . 
   we saved you in wwi and wwii we saved the allies in wwi but not in the way you think when you , or many americans , hear this . 
  the fresh manpower that america had brought to the war was used to replace the french , british , and commonwealth troops on the western front who were sitting around in trenches doing nothing just to make sure the germans could n't advance . 
  this allowed the british , french , and commonwealth officers and soldiers who actually knew what the fuck they were doing to handle offensives and tackle key areas . 
  when americans actually participated in offensives we used the full retard endless infantry charge tactics . 
  the only thing we brought to the table itself was the shotgun , which actually made us pretty good at taking trenches but at a high cost . 
  ( the loss casualty rate for americans compared to how long we actually fought was pretty high . ), 
   we saved you in wwii we saved china and we saved europe from being communist puppets to the soviets . 
  again , britian , the commonwealth , free france , free poland and the rest of the gang definitely had major contributions . 
  it would n't have been possible without america though . 
  and nobody in europe would 've kept any of their asian land after the japanese had acquired it ( japan had taken french indochina , the dutch east indies , philippians [ an american colonoy , so we would 've joined the war regardless ] , burma , malaysia and parts of australia , which would have been fully taken if not for the us stopping them . ), 
   i mean you even see it seeping into common policy now the way americans talk about nato , ignoring that the us is the only country to ever use nato article 5 and ignores how there are hundreds of dead nato troops from other countries that died fighting a meaningless war that the us has lost in afghanistan . 
  nato kept the soviets out . 
  i have to admit i do n't understand why the fuck we use article 5 all the time . 
  i mean , i get the idea is to show that these wars are global conflicts and not us conflicts , but you ca n't tell me the us could n't have won the gulf war without the help of nato . 
  edit : libya  people are done with this bullshit . 
  if you want to leave nato then you 're more than welcome to . 
  you guys have the potential to be strong enough united to keep russia out of europe , and many of us would love if you rose up to this task !, 
  any forces we can take out of europe are more forces that we can use to help those in asia contain china . 
   this is a fair argument , but then you have to ask what countries have n't had at least 1 movie with a historical mistake to throw in some patriotic wank . 
  my point is everybody has done it with some book , film , tv show , or some other form of digestible media . 
  no nation could be considered civilized under the conditions laid out . 
   using our idea of mobile train this argument does n't make sense to me . 
  people take ideas from others and use them all the time , and that applies to nations and military ideas . 
  the japanese taught the world the strength of the carrier , the germans taught the world the effectiveness of modern mobile warfare , etc. 
   reading `` the economist '' and the nyt recently as a german made me talk to my american friends , who i have plenty of , and explain them the german perspective . 
  to prevent them from having their world view messed up by authors who push a binary world view . 
  i would have never expected an article like that from the nyt which was a lot more objective in the past than `` the economist '' about germany . 
   on the contrary . 
  i 'm thankful to this day for the protection of the world order the us had ensured in the past . 
  i did n't want that germany was pushed into the leader of the free world role . 
  but it was also unfair to let americans fight the majority of the conflicts for the europeans that were unavoidable , like serbia . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't fully understand what you are trying to say here . 
   i 'm glad mankind has matured enough in the western world to limit this behavior . 
  those were the times of unilateralism , stronger bullying the weak , and bilateral alliances . 
  i 'm happy the us build international institutions after wwii to end these ages . 
  too bad that they stopped giving a shit and reverted back to unilateral fights because the wh sees international relations again as a game that has winners and losers instead of working together . 
  this honestly sounds a little eurocentric . 
  these times never left the world , it 's just that nobody in europe ( besides the soviets ) had been able to participate after being absolutely demolished by wwii . 
  it took 5 years from wwii to the korean war , which you ca n't say was a small war or one that was n't caused by bilateral alliances and the stronger controlling the weak . 
  the world is the playground of the us , chinese , and russians right now . 
  major players on the world stage will always switch , and switch , and switch . 
  eventually the us will fall and china will take its place . 
  using deaths as a measuring tape of a nations involvement is dumb , and using percent of deaths even worse imo . 
  some nations used strategies that minimized deaths ( like britian and the usa . ), 
  while nations like france wanted an attrition warfare approach . 
  the ussr did n't send wave after wave of their own men like many people think but they did n't care about casualties like many other nations did . 
  it 's absurd to say either of these should be actual metrics for how important a nation was . 
  figuring out the amount of work a nation in a war did requires looking at the entire scope of the war . 
  how many battles did they fight in ? 
  how was the quality and quantity of their military ? 
  did they support their allies or disrupt their enemies in other ways besides battles ? 
  edit : did n't realize you were a different guy . 
  give me some time to redo my response . 
  edit numero dos : removed some of the things that assumed you were the original person i was arguing with . 
   amazing `` us versus them '' mindset you 're showing . 
  literally how am i showing an us vs them mindset ? 
   you are coming of as an unlikeable guy . 
  probably true , but it has no relation to our discussion . 
   for your info , civilized countries do n't show war movies that remove accuracy with patriotic pathos this is a fair argument , but then you have to ask what countries have n't had at least 1 movie with a historical mistake to throw in some patriotic wank . 
   and this has nothing to do with citizens hating their country or having forgotten how to love their country you 're right ... 
  it does n't . 
   but that is what americans do n't get about europe . 
  we love our countries for strengths . 
  i never said you 're not allowed to like your country . 
  i 'm sure it 's a wonderful place with a longer history than my country . 
   and we do n't see tanks and jets as strengths in multilateral relations . 
  i do n't see why you 're allowed to dismiss one of our strengths just because you do n't like it . 
  america is a historically weak country and we got bullied around a decent amount by the major european powers until we fought enough wars to get them to realize it was more trouble than it was worth . 
  it was n't until the civil war that we actually had an army worth talking about , and that 's because everyone used the war to study the new wave of tactics the civil war was bringing . 
  ( kudos to the prussians for using our idea of mobile train transportation to deploy troops quickly against the french in the franco-prussian war . ), 
   every ww2 hollywood movie ever made ? 
  there is a reason the average american seems to mistakenly believe they were important in ww2 . 
  let 's be nice and say the us did 1/3 the work against germany and italy . 
  you 're forgetting that against the japanese us americans did a huge chunk of the work as well , 99 % if you do n't include the chinese ( as they needed us lend lease and us training and mountains to just slow down the japanese advance ) and maybe 50-60 % if you include the chinese . 
  the soviets focused down one of the three major axis powers with the help of lend lease supplying them with food , tanks , planes , and most importantly , trucks . 
  americans were important because we had supplies and logistics to support huge armies in all fronts . 
  there are anectodes of germans not letting their troops call artillery strikes on americans , because then americans would call in 10x as much on the area they suspected the germans fired from . 
  us americans in the european war would literally call in airstrikes and artillery strikes to clear out barbed wire or if we thought there was an enemy soldier hiding somewhere , without even bothering to check . 
  in the pacific war ( think about that , america was effectively fighting two fronts/wars across two different oceans ) we engaged the japanese in what is known as the largest naval war in history , and before you call them weak , let me remind you that their navy was a contender with the royal navy for the strongest in the world . 
  britian , the dutch , australia and france all could n't even defend their own holding against the japanese as they were too distracted with what was going on in europe . 
   like saving private ryan not even mentioning any other non-us troops during the entire landing despite the ** vast majority of those soldiers not being british . 
  ** ( did you mean the vast majority being british ? 
  this is not true unless you count canadian as british . 
  even then if you count the canadians as brits it 's 83,000 brits vs 73,000 americans ) dunkirk did n't mention the french . 
  saving private ryan started out on omaha beach . 
  little history lesson for you , 2 beach landings were american ( omaha and utah ) , two beach landings were british ( gold and sword ) , the last beach landing was canadian ( juno ) . 
  if you wanted to do a good burn you should 've mentioned that the canadians were the only one to complete all their day one objectives , but then i would counter with the fact that the americans had to take on the most well defended beach . 
   or the movie a year or two ago that tried saying that it was the us who broke the enigma code ? 
  what movie ?
