  do n't act like you were a victim when you were a superpower at the time , doing the same shit we were doing to other countries . 
  you attempted to contain us with cuba as well , even though it did n't work out because the american people actually have the guts to enforce their will . 
  ya but this time germany wants to sanction us , so there might be intermingling german and russian cooperation . 
  it 's important to point out this was done in 2015 , way before brexit . 
  you have very bad timing , my friend . 
   europe 's industry + technology your technological innovation is pretty good , i admit , but your industry is lacking behind china . 
   russia 's ressources and a direct continental route to china with the land size you 'd have to cross and how inhabitable it gets at certain points ( assuming you only go from russia to china and go through nowhere else ) it 's better to just stick to shipping through planes and the seas . 
  this is gon na turn into a fucking shitstorm . 
  maryland 's flag is very unique , i 'll give you that . 
  do ** not ** take / r/politics seriously . 
  it 's the leftist version of t_d, 
  do you not remember the attempted assassination on the group of republican congressmen a while ago ? 
  the waco siege , a fight where a cult and the fbi got into a firefight and like 80-100 people died ? 
  the constant casual talk of rebellion ? 
  i think it 's fair to say that we are fairly stable but not the most stable country on earth . 
   it 's easier than becoming an eu commissioner and trying to convince the eu commission on your own . 
  i agree . 
   if you manage to go to them with a decent proposal backed by over 1 million people , the impact is far greater than some late afternoon idea that some eu commissioner gets while on the ride home . 
  yes , that 's absolutely true . 
  i 'm just saying that 1 million is too much , and should probably be lowered . 
  that 's a lot harder than it sounds . 
  raising awareness is the biggest problem . 
  eu including the uk has about 500 million and about 440 million without the uk . 
  you 're thinking of the entire population of europe . 
   the us uses 100 000 and it 's pretty difficult for us to even get 100,000 . 
  we have a separate defensive pact with sweden . 
  maybe nuclear umbrella is n't the right word , but we would at the very least come to their aid with conventional forces . 
  i was just trying to make a joke how teens like to be rebellious , sorry if that was n't clear . 
   plethora of gen z being reported as highly conservative on social and fiscal matters are out there for you to google . 
  history does n't just decide that any given civilization is exempt from repetitions . 
  religious renewals have happened and will happen again i bet . 
  oh i know , by some metrics i 'm actually within gen z and i can definitely tell my general age group has a lot of different political ideas than people 5-10 years older than us . 
  my generation itself is n't religious , but i would n't be surprised if the next one is n't . 
   given the highly divisive and chaotic times we live in , give it a few years and i 'm sure some metrics will show stabilization if not growth . 
  i ca n't speak for the rest of the world , but i can speak for america . 
  the two things that define people my age group here and define our world view is that america has been at war almost our entire life for something we do n't even personally remember or did n't live through , the other is the great recession . 
  obviously there 's also the internet that exposes people to ideas really quickly , as well , and these sentiments tend to be stronger on places like reddit right now , meaning more younger people will just be inclined to agree with it since they do n't have an opinion on the matter yet . 
  are there any trends that you 've noticed going on in spain with the new generation ? 
  solidarity when it comes to eastern europe 's security . 
  crickets when it comes to forcing migrants down eastern europe 's throat - polish policy . 
  north korea actually has male and female conscription for 10 years . 
  we 're talking about 40 % of the country is in their armed forces, 
  has science gone too far ? 
   look up finnish military  population 5 million  reserve personnel 900k holy shit , that 's almost nk levels of conscription . 
  1 million signatures is a fucking lot . 
  that 's almost impossible to reach , even on important issues . 
  maybe with these new sanctions it 'll hurt , but there 's no way their economy is doomed . 
  i 'm afraid i 'm ignorant on this , what did he do to orphans ? 
  i 've always heard that the swedish airforce is n't half bad , and your subs are sneaky enough to not get detected by us detection software . 
  your military is better than you 're giving it credit for . 
  you guys would be helpful in a specialized or supporting role to bigger player like france , uk and the us . 
  i 'm pretty sure your country would commit to defend the baltics , nato or not . 
  sweden supported us with troops anyway . 
  it was through the un instead of nato but it 's not like that 's much different, 
  i 'm pretty sure you have a separate defensive pact with every nato country , you 're basically within the nuclear umbrella . 
  why though ? 
  for all intents and purposes you already are , you even sent troops into iraq with us when we called the un . 
  is it just so you can have more soverignty over your military ? 
  ( that 's totally cool if that 's what you want , i 'm just more curious than mad or anything like that . ), 
  i think this is the best for german interests . 
  it cuts out the suspicions that the us and russia are manipulating both sides and it lets germany have more control over their basic needs . 
  it expects germany to at least put up an appearance of caring i would imagine . 
  do you think it 's possible for the majority of muslims , at least the ones that move to europe , to subscribe to these more `` secular '' versions of islam , for lack of a better way to describe it , or do you think it 's a lost cause ? 
  christianity and religion is taking a massive decline in the entire first world this generation , even the us . 
  our edgy , contrarion kids will become christian after being raised their whole life as an atheist . 
  in most parts of the world honestly . 
  the middle east is kinda like central america , nobody actually considers them part of the continent and just thinks of them as their own region . 
  haha , thanks . 
  maybe the russian people , but not the government . 
  if you 'd buy north american gas i 'd be canadian . 
  not american . 
  you ca n't tell me you 'd rather give russia money over canada if you had to pick one of the two ( which you do n't . ), 
  also , the youtube channel and comments on that first link are a little memey . 
  trump does n't know what the fuck he 's talking about . 
  america ca n't supply european oil without massively increasing our fuel production infrastructure in a short period of time . 
  america is n't even fully independent from foreign gas or natural gas . 
  if you want to prove to me this is about american business ' making a quick buck i want actual evidence . 
  figure out somewhere to get gas than from a country that does n't threaten eastern europe . 
  civlians are not the primary target of us airstrikes so it 's not really the same thing . 
  the position originated from ee . 
  it 's being supported by the current us admin but its mainly a polish policy . 
   you ca n't turn that one on its side not with that attitude you ca n't, 
   both outlets are on completely different levels of bad and are bad for very different reasons . 
  yep , never said otherwise . 
   it 's a false equivalence to say that one should be banned because the other one is . 
  yes , but they 're both so bad that it 's worth considering banning both of them . 
  obviously the daily stormer is hundreds of times worse than huffpost , that does n't mean that huffpost is a reliable source of news . 
   thatt 's like saying that not wearing a seat-belt while driving should be illegal since we already put serial killers in prison . 
  i do n't know about argentina , but where i live even though both of those crimes are on different levels of bad both are illegal . 
   whether links to huffpo should be banned from the sub or not is completely independent from banning the daily stormer and comparing the two misrepresents the reasons for deciding to ban one or the other by making it seem they 're equally bad . 
  although i agree that they are different levels of bad , both are fucking garbage and should both be considered for banning . 
  i either agree with or can respect almost all of what you 're saying , but i got ta ask out of curiosity  not that i support american gung-ho attitude what do you mean by this ? 
  he 's saying bad journalism is comparable to bad journalism . 
   maryland 's flag bears the arms of the calvert and crossland families . 
  calvert was the family name of the lords baltimore who founded maryland , and their colors of gold and black appear in the first and fourth quarters of the flag it 's the only flag that is based on a noble family flag in the us , so that 's kinda cool . 
  [ you 're not gon na like a lot of these then . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/99/map_of_the_united_states_with_flags.svg/1280px-map_of_the_united_states_with_flags.svg.png ), 
   and i mean in reality , not what they want it to be officially  hahaha , you have a point there . 
  even though they both have their faults i 'd say the eu is a more efficient organization overall and is closer to achieving what it 's official goals are . 
  what the un is symbolizes : `` the united nations is an international organization founded in 1945 and committed to maintaining international peace and security ; developing friendly relations among nations ; promoting social progress , better living standards and human rights . '',
