  [ the flag of the un ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/libapps/customers/49/images/unflag.gif ) : `` the olive branches are a symbol for peace , and the world map represents all the people and the countries of the world . 
  white and blue are the official colours of the united nations . 
  also , the un flag looks cooler than the eu flag . 
   the french flag is superior in every conceivable way . 
  [ this is why i love my state flag . 
  ] ( https://statesymbolsusa.org/sites/statesymbolsusa.org/files/primary-images/flag-of-iowastateflag.jpg ) the perfect mix of french and american . 
  i 've seen the us flag often flown with the un flag in texas , does that makes us less patriotic/nationalist ? 
  i do n't understand judging people unironically for owning a fidget spinner , ya ok you might not like them , but no need to jump on a hate bandwagon . 
  i thought they were dumb too , i grabbed my brothers and spun it while asking what the appeal was . 
  i was still using it 10 minutes later . 
  it 's just something to nice to do on the side that does n't take any extra thought . 
  i know you solved this with the other person , but saying that someone `` is adhd '' is a pretty common way to say someone `` has adhd '' in english . 
  if you close your eyes they ca n't see you masturbate . 
  you do n't want food access to the us market to buy our exports . 
  you want food access to our markets to import to us . 
  i imagine some of the british chicken industry might introduce this practice just with selling to the us in mind . 
  ok , but we 're talking about the chicken m8 . 
  france is the one doing it to protect their farming industry . 
  stop falling for the propoganda . 
  they 're 100 % protectionist policies because otherwise eu farming would n't be able to compete with american farming . 
  edit : i want to clarify these specific policies about chicken are protectionist , as are many policies and fearmongering campaigns against ngo crops . 
  not every health regulation in the eu is protectionist, 
  it was stalinist socialist , we get it . 
  tell me about it . 
  you ca n't say europe should stay european majority and then turn around and call the uk racist for a few violent incidents . 
  48 % , one question short of 50 % . 
  that was an incredibly difficult test . 
  i only knew a few of the danish historical figures/history questions but i got a lot of the modern day questions correct . 
  makes me want to go learn more about danish history . 
  no worries , the guy above me made a joke . 
  i 'm assuming he deleted the comment because some people downvoted it to negative . 
  california is pretty close to england 's population . 
   for iran 's part they were never happy with us support for the shah or british petroleum . 
  the shah was a brutal dictator while the more democratic mohammad mosaddegh was a pro-communist . 
  so ideological clash was inevitable . 
  he did . 
  it shows how poorly treated they were during evacuation . 
  fuck off , the movie was n't all daisies and roses showing the brits as heroes . 
  i know this is a meme , but under the hypothetical scenario of uk annexation i imagine they would be split into 4 states . 
  so the 52nd , 53rd , 54th and 55th state . 
  whups . 
  i always assume flairless people are european unless stated otherwise . 
  12 years from now the turkish army will be right outside of moscow ? 
  you do n't win a trade war against a nation you have a trade surplus with . 
  the us wo n't be threatend unless the whole eu decides to sanction , like with steel a while ago . 
  good luck getting anyone but germany and france to agree on the sanctions . 
   apparently buying gas is only unethical if you buy in russia . 
  totally ethical to buy from qatar and norway . 
  tell me when norway or qatar annexed parts of other countries in the last 10 years . 
  this is n't like the eu using fearmongering to keep us gmo crops out of europe , this is an actual concern to the well being of people . 
  i assume that these companies try to get away with selling their products that do n't pass the fda regulations to eu countries just to try to cash in on any mistakes , it 's not like they 'll get any major punishment from the eu if they are n't based there . 
  that shit is fucking gross . 
  the eu should put a complete ban on it . 
  i ca n't remember how many times my school covered it . 
  i can tell you that i remember my school spent twice as much time on us history as global world history ( 1 year vs 2 years ), 
  i agree . 
  americans should n't have been in the game . 
   no you moron . 
  i 'm just saying your movies suck . 
  your culture is shit . 
  go rely on your history , your country is a glorified museum . 
  holy shit dude , calm down . 
  let them have their complaints then be the better man . 
  do n't let europeans ruin european history and the wonderful cultures . 
  for sure . 
  it does n't help that our history course system is dumb and spends 2 whole years teaching 300 years of history . 
  we literally spend weeks learning about a single decade . 
  [ first , these lend lease goods were free , no business was done except for unrelated loans given out to help fund the british war effort ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lend-lease ) second , i never said battles were secondary in importance ( of which the most important western front battles and most of the battles in general were often fought by just americans or majority americans . ), 
  third , can you explain to me how the us was n't a big contributor to the war ? 
  edit : expanding on the third point . 
  if you want to say we did n't matter in the war in europe . 
  cool . 
  please tell me how we did n't matter in the war in the pacific . 
  the problem is that china never had a point where they really started winning , they were too far behind in technology . 
  [ even when they won it was at a huge loss ratio . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1939%e2%80%9340_winter_offensive ) on the other hand if you check the battles between americans and japanese you 'll often see [ 3:1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_iwo_jima ) or [ 5:1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_okinawa ) ratios in favor of the us . 
  you ca n't just look at deaths to calculate how valuable a nation was , not that every nation did n't play their part and help the war effort . 
  you have to look at how many goods they produced , what sciences they discovered that helped them and their allies , and what other ways they helped besides fighting ( like the british espionage , the american lend lease , the british and polish work cracking enigma , or the americans cracking the japanese code . ), 
   maybe in hollywood in hollywood we kill nazis , we do n't die to nazis :p i meant military deaths when i was taking about ranking by deaths . 
  i do n't mean to be a dick but the us was out of range of bombers and was only land invaded in alaska and a few islands , meaning that we were going to have less civilian deaths no matter how much we helped the allied war effort . 
  also i do not know the numbers for other allied nations besides china and the ussr , but if you take american casualties ( deaths plus wounded ) we have over a million , and that does n't include prisoners of war . 
  using the fallen of ww2 would indicate that the us is the third most important allied nation after the ussr and china . 
  do n't use the number of dead , it will lower how important the uk , france and poland were in the war effort . 
  again , i 'm not trying to slight you . 
  i never said my country was the most important or france never did anything , espically not when we talk about wwi . 
  my country effectively `` saved '' the entente by just adding an extra 5 million manpower into the field , which scared the germans into surrendering . 
  did you know germany was more afraid of denmark then they were of america when america declared war on them in wwi ? 
  that kinda shows you how effective we were gon na be once we reached that battlefield . 
  it was more me posting at 4am than trying to slight france . 
  ca n't read german . 
  does the article mention if this effect all aldi 's globally or just in germany ? 
  did n't realize i was hitting a nerve there , sorry . 
  i know how you feel though , had a great grandpa in the american army in wwi so i understand that feeling . 
  i 'm sure your grandpa has/had very interesting stories about the war in that area of the world . 
  sad most people do n't know that there was a battle being fought in that area . 
  edit : forgot to mention how my great grandpa anecdote was relevant . 
  the camp he was stationed at for training is claimed to not have existed by historians we have contacted , despite us owning a picture of the camp . 
  i just said 1/3 as a nice even number considering there were three major players ( and because i forgot france . ), 
  soviets not doing anything against the italians kind of lowers their score . 
  france and britian did more against the italians and germans in africa and in italy no doubt , but after d-day americans did the majority of the work on the western front ( not an overwhelming majority mind you . ),
