  here in the us only 4 % of people identify as athiest because a lot of people who do n't believe in any christian teachings or god just say they are `` spiritual '' and mark themself as christian, 
  for real ? 
  are the 10 commandments more obscure in orthordox ? 
  it 's really simple . 
  you just put money in the laundry machine . 
  that 's not even the problem with the electoral college imo , it 's the fact our vote does n't matter . 
  how the us voting system works is each congress person attached to a state gives that state one elector . 
  now , normally these electors are suppose to vote for who the state tells them to vote for ( and the state tells them to vote based on the votes of the people . ), 
  the problem is that these electors can vote whoever they want , and that 's what happened with i believe 4-5 electors this election . 
  edit : the only saving grace is the president does n't have as many powers as a lot of people think they do ( see trump 's failure to enact his trans in the military policy . ), 
  we still have checks and balances and state government to keep everything balanced out . 
  the soviets were socialist , a transition period between capitalist and communist . 
  they knew communism would not work and eventually transitioned to a mixed capitalism over time . 
  i agree , the electoral college is flawed , even if it works better than most people would have you believe . 
  let 's not pretend that the us does n't have a democratic system when we 've had one for over 200 years of our entire independent history . 
  was expecting the first response . 
  the soviet union was not a capitalist state , it does not fit the definition of capitalism . 
  please look past the revisionist history of r/latestagecapitalism , the sub that band people from current socialist governments from speaking about their experiences and that believes stalin was a great man besides the fact they believe the ussr was n't a true socialist state . 
  why has every single attempted at a socialist state failed . 
  eh , almost everyone in the ussr experienced poverty and famine . 
  i 'll give you colonialism though . 
  do n't forget vietnam , north korea , china ( which is n't even socialist anymore ) , iraq , etc , etc. 
  do n't worry , many here hate communism as well . 
  even though it 's blatently unconstitutional it 's been illegally to be communist in the us for about 70 years now . 
  america has all three of these things ( assuming you mean a democracy for your third point . ), 
  did you mean single payer health insurance ? 
  even if you did that does n't really help on your other two points . 
  ya , i guess i 'm just looking from an american perspective . 
  did n't know these state companies really still existed in europe . 
  weird , but ok . 
   the eurozone is outperforming the us . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-economy-gdp-iduskbn17z0uk the us is catching up . 
  [ we grew 2.6 % this quarter . 
  ] ( http://www.npr.org/2017/07/28/539835139/u-s-economy-grows-at-2-6-percent ) [ it seems the eurozone is slowing down as well ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-economy-pmi-iduskbn19e0s2 ) , but the us is getting close to being due for another recession so we will see how that goes . 
   look at the figures again . 
  us debt is increasing at an alarming rate . 
  in just five years , us govt debt will be pushing 120 % while eurozone is down to the 70 's . 
  oh i do n't doubt that the us is gon na have a rapid decline , it just has n't started yet . 
  on mobile so i 'll just just paraphrase the quotes to give an idea of what point i 'm referring to . 
   the devalued currency is actually hurting the ability of germans to create jobs and reduces germans purchasing power although this is sad to hear , it does support my original point that the us is economy is in the lead , although that might no always be the case . 
   germany has a small export surplus see above  americans ca n't afford a 500 dollar emergency the article talks about how this is cultural and not really an economic issue . 
  us americans are absolutely garbage at saving money . 
  i personally ca n't afford a 500 dollar emergency , but that 's all the fault of my own spending habits and not because of wages or anything like that because the minimum wage here is pretty good . 
  the article mentions that the only 37 % of americans would actually keep random 1,000 $ on the street in savings . 
   lot of your wealth is owned by foreign debt actually , about half of our debt ( en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_debt_of_the_united_states ) is owned by the citizens of the us . 
  i do n't know how that compares to the other nations on the list , but that makes the us situation less dire . 
  the eu , eurozone , and the uk also all rank pretty highly as well on percent of gdp as debt , with each being around 80-90 % of debt as gdp compared to the us ' 107 % china , the country that will replace the us eventually as the strongest economy , has a much higher percentage than originally let on , as most of their debt is actually from local governments . 
  `` by 2015 , local government entities owed a total of about 18 trillion yuan ( about one-third of china 's economy ) '' - en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_debt_of_china#local_and_provincial_debt i do n't know how much of that debt of theirs is from their own citizens , but they definitely are on a rocky boat as well . 
  the escu was founded in ' 51 , but it 's pretty obvious that 's not what stopped europe from having their wars , it was the cold war and mad . 
  yugoslavia happened less than a month after the collapse of the ussr forward a reason . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but was n't it going to be bought by a private italian shipmaking company . 
  but in a more pragmatic sense , germany is n't seen as responsible for the countries over in the middle east . 
  like beating the shit out the soviets ? 
  there 's a big difference between italy and china, 
  what 's the reasoning on nationalizing the shipyard , just to keep french businesses french ? 
  all china 's and the eu 's gdp ppp being higher than the us just basically says that both of them have a weaker , more devalued currency , which is better for exporters like germany . 
  there 's literally only 3 eu countries with a higher gdp per capita . 
  2 of them are tax havens , while the other one has tons of oil with a small population . 
  plus , all three of them are small countries . 
  the other non-eu countries are all oil rich . 
   not to mention how screwed up your division of wealth is . 
  half of americans live in relative poverty while the 1 % possess 35 % of all wealth in the country . 
  can you prove this ? 
  i 'm only finding stats that 50 % of americans have a ** net worth ** of 11,000 . 
  this could partially be explain by the us having a higher percent of their population at younger ranges than many european countries , like germany problem . ), 
  do n't get me wrong , our young people do n't have a lot of networth as they generally do n't own a house , [ but it 's definetly more age based in america \\ ( keep in mind this graph does not use the same numbers for america as it does for italy and germany . \\ ) ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/employment_social/social_monitor/images/503_totalassetscomposition_horizontal.png ) i know the 1 % part is true , but i 've heard that it 's similar with the 1 % in many european countries . 
  it 's just not reported that way as europeans keep a lot more money out of the eu to avoid taxes than americans do . 
  in terms of economics mang . 
  i know . 
  trump is basically the us being a mile ahead of everyone else in a cross country race and then turning around and non stop sprinting the wrong way . 
  not only are we moving backwards but it 'll be hard to recover . 
  is this a general sentiment in poland or is this guy just crazy, 
  not that i blame them . 
  usually when the leader of a country says they consulted and were advised by their generals to implement x policy and then they say they 've implemented x policy in response they usually are n't lying . 
  yep , one of our generals made a pretty big announcement over it . 
  trump also made this decision during mattis ' vacation . 
  as you can imagine , mattis was not happy about it . 
  you could argue afghanistan and iraq are puppet states of the us , but that 's stretching it . 
  ya , i knew they had some conflict recently but i did n't know when and over what . 
  thanks for informing me . 
  they can still join in the us . 
  trump did n't actually do any paperwork or consult anyone like he claimed and just announced his `` new policy '' on twitter hoping that people would just accept it as the word of god and move on . 
  have you not been paying attention ? 
  the eu threatened counter sanctions to our increased sanctions of russia . 
  stop being so reliant on russian gas and just buy from the middle east or canada if you want to give a middle finger to the us , or just fucking build your second pipeline anyway . 
   the proud us would never accept it no country wants to be sanctioned, 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  stop falling for your countries propoganda . 
  nobody in the us even cared about russia since 9/11 until you guys meddled with our elections ( edit : even the ukraine thing blew over quickly to the general public ) . 
  the middle east , north korea , and china are our big three problems . 
  almost all us naval forces are currently being used to contain china because they have literally claimed territory of 4-5 other countries as their own . 
  you know what , your two countries probably would get along . 
  your aggressive foreign policy mixed with your authoritarian streak . 
  true , all three of us might be jingoist , but at least we have n't annexed territory in the past 100 years . 
  if the golden rule was really the correct solution the pink `` cooperation only '' guys would always win , no matter what situational modifiers you applied . 
  if i remember correctly , they do n't win any of the scenarios . 
  we do not rule europe , all you have to do is ask a germans opinion on the us to find that out . 
  there 's only 4 countries you can say the us `` rules '' over at the current moment : afghanistan , iraq , japan , and south korea . 
  as you can tell , all 4 of those are a pretty big stretch , with japan being somewhat close to a protectorate but still having their soverignty . 
  we contained you because you were a literal empire ( ruled over multiple countries ) that idealogically opposed us and fought against us for influence in the world .
