  my country has a $ 10.10 minimum wage while seattle supposedly has a $ 15 dollar minimum wage . 
   americans speaking french ( or any other language for that matter ) ?!, 
  we speak american you fuck, 
  make england french again ? 
  too be honest , i ca n't even begin to guess what that means . 
  good relations with the us to compensate for brexit ? 
  his success comes from his earlier life back when he was almost universally loved . 
  there is no doubt in my mind he has dementia now so he does n't actually know what he is doing . 
  the brexit strategy is to make sure nobody knows your demands so they do n't know if you 're winning or losing the negotiation . 
  indeed https://youtu.be/bvrrkza7c_w, 
  ah yes , all those russian tanks that snuck through poland just to invade it from the western side, 
  trump released an entire memo on why he thought it was a bad idea , and only signed to `` maintain national unity '', 
  there 's no reason to listen to trump on this anyway . 
  congress just showed they will act against trump 's wishes and unite when they feel the need to act against russia . 
  plus i 'll trust mattis and our generals over trump any day ( even if he is technically commander-in-chief . ), 
  big if true . 
   well in the first episode of the show alfred 's entire family gets killed by a car while trying to cross the road what does this have to do with 9/11 ? 
  i think diversifying is the best course or action . 
  i would be worried if this was ireland getting 50 % or higher , but 1/3rd should n't be that bad . 
  oh ya , they were so bad that cortes took them out by basically rallying nearby tribes . 
  i was n't talking about the aztecs though . 
  better dead than red, 
  antifa are generally just poorly disgusted commies . 
   finally ( and i know i 'm gon na get a lot of bashing for this ... ) a whole lot of native civilizations were not `` peace loving , nature-friendly saints '' as some media may portray them or some people believe . 
  just like any other civilizations in history , they also had their flaws . 
  slavery and mass killings were also performed by the natives before columbus , and after the conquests some of them also kidnapped people , raped women , plundered villages , sided with the europeans to get an edge , etc - this was not at the scale of their conquering , overwhelming enemies , but it has to be noted . 
  to add to this , a decent amount of natives would often be trained , armed , and funded by certain nations to essentially commit terrorist attacks on other nations colonies or territory , not that unsimilar to what is happening in the middle east today . 
  that is canon . 
  i know spain 's current government is very young , i believe between franco and their current system they were a monarchy for a very short period of time . 
  `` our relationship with russia is at an all-time & very dangerous low '' trump pls . 
  it 's ever grosser imo . 
  different strokes . 
  that stuff makes me barf . 
  it 's like an air freshener spray can but instead of particles that makes the air smell nice it 's cheese . 
  maybe one day , but even in the memo trump wrote about why he disagrees with the russian sanctions one of his arguments was essentially `` congress is acting in a way the founding fathers would disapprove of . '', 
  that kind of shows the state we americans view them . 
  give it a couple hundred years and maybe it will change, 
  but it was not worth the cheese in a can . 
  i 'm not saying you ca n't like columbus for the idea he represents , i literally would n't be here if it were n't for him afterall , it 's just that you have to learn to look at that separately from who he was . 
  also ya , the guy was really fucking bad even in his own time . 
  it 's in the same vein that us americans look well upon our founding fathers despite many of them owning slaves . 
  these people , even if they were n't good people , transcended their own history and become a representation of an idea . 
  in the case of columbus it was the age of discovery . 
  would n't exactly call him that . 
  i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . 
  it 's pretty true . 
  it 's ok to celebrate the man as the first european to find the americas , but he was still a fucking awful person . 
  https://phys.org/news/2011-10-team-european-ice-age-due.html i seem to have misunderstood a little . 
  it was that they cut down so many trees that once they had all been killed the area had a huge reforestation which caused the tempatures to decrease in europe . 
  yep . 
  did n't mean to be snide , just wanted to show that a lot of the exploerers and conquistadors into the new world were really awful people . 
  it 's sad too , beceause there 's evidence of city states as complex and as developed london with trade routes all over the continent , along with the obvious big 3 famous civs . 
  heck , the us government was actually partially based on a loose collection of native tribes called the iroquois confederation . 
  he was way worse than a man of his time . 
  he sold native children into the sex slavery in england . 
  did you know it 's theorized that the natives of the america 's were so good at woodcutting that the amount of trees they cut down caused a mini ice age in europe ? 
  crazy stuff . 
  that is not what i was referring to . 
  he basically he thought he could reach india by going the long way around the globe instead of just sticking to the african coast . 
  i never discredited his sailing skills . 
  his ideas were what made him pretty weird . 
  there is a minor amount of democracy in china , as they get to vote for which people in the communist party run the government . 
  of course it 's easy to argue that these are just either rigged or the person they vote into positions do n't matter , but it 's something . 
  man , this guy was something else . 
  we have to learn a lot about him for us history and he was basically a conspiracy theorist that got really lucky . 
  china does have things like state owned companies and industry along with private owned ones . 
  they 're a mixture of state capitalism and socialism . 
  i never said china is socialist . 
  it has a lot more socialist policies than sweden does . 
  a closer comparison to venezuela would be china . 
  i do n't feel shame over the legalized segregation of blacks . 
  i do n't feel shame over native american genocide . 
  i acknowledge they happened but it was n't me who did it so why should i feel bad ? 
  maybe , but i would n't feel ashamed over my grandfather doing something 50 + years before i was born . 
  why should he be ashamed of something his ancestors did ? 
  i do n't get this guilt culture . 
  the young generations in germany have no reason to feel like it 's their fault that nazi germany existed , they , and honestly everyone , should just learn from their mistakes while acknowledging it happened . 
  assuming the story is true i would assume that the user just posted a translation of what the pole ( supposedly ) said . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't he still high in approval ratings compared to where most french presidents were after a couple of months . 
  ya , meant east europeans . 
  a lot of western europe did participate in the pacific front . 
   i 'm always amazed to see poles bring that up , it 's amazing that your country got that far tbh , you never could defend yourself agains ' t anyone https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93soviet_war, 
  i do n't know if this counts as an immigrant in europe , but in america the majority of citizens ( 60 % ) are either first , second , or third gen immigrants . 
  so i would say it 's fair to call us a nation of immigrants . 
  that was just this election for the most part . 
  usually we have actual debates , but each side has learned to hate each other even more every year . 
  either one of them would trigger the brits so they 're both good calls . 
  yep . 
  here in the us people often get either religiously or racially radicalized in the tougher prisons as a way to survive ( you need a group or gang to survive in that environment basically ) . 
  i wish we had some of the best parts of both systems here in the us , instead we got some of the worst parts . 
  thanks for making my day . 
  it does make sense to me why it would worsen the outcome , since a lot of crimes are committed by the poor and they would just have less time to be able to make money if you put them in prison . 
  that might be confirmation bias speaking though . 
  pretty interesting . 
  i never knew western europe felt this strongly about prisons being for rehabilitation and not punishment . 
  it 's worth mentioning that although the number is ** way ** smaller than what europe is taking right now ( tens of thousands at most ) , we did immediately give refugee/asylum status to any cubans who made it onto us soil trying to escape the cuban government . 
  we do have our moments of kindness , occasionally . 
   university degree and job offer with a salary of at least 1.5 times the average gross annual salary ( eu blue card ) the average gross salary of the eu or of germany ? 
  other then that question , thanks for the details !, 
  true .
