  it might help , but it 's not required . 
   semi-automatic rifles are used in mass shootings , so they 're an especial concern at the moment regarding terrorist attacks . 
  ya , but i think we 've seen that if a terrorist wants to commit an attack they 'll find a way to do it without a semi-auto rifle ( e.g. 
  a car ) . 
  handguns crimes are the ones that are generally more preventable . 
  [ this is for general gun smuggling between states ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2015/11/12/us/gun-traffickers-smuggling-state-gun-laws.html ) , but if it 's anything to go by they are usually legally bought and then smuggled in that way . 
  despite decently strict laws to get guns there are people who meet the classifications and just buy guns , then smuggle them into banned gun states and sell them illegally . 
  meant riflfes , will correct that . 
  well shit , that shows me for judging a place by one article and then five headlines . 
  a lot of guns in chicago are smuggled in because they pretty much made all guns illegal . 
  from looking at the other articles for two seconds it looks like it 's just a leftwing tabloid . 
  probably only posting this because it shows russia as the bad guy , and we are n't particularly happy with russia at the current moment . 
  that 's how it works in the us as well . 
  other countries best defense when it comes to keeping guns out of people crossing the border is to just check people at the country borders . 
  i do n't have the stats on me , but at least in america some 90 % + of gun crimes are committed with handguns . 
  semi-auto guns are n't as commonly used for crimes as you would imagine . 
  out of curiosity , how many of you are pro-eu but voted against a united europe . 
  also , for obvious reasons , i did n't vote . 
  thank you . 
  they 're not responding because they either realized they were being dumb or think we are dumb and `` wo n't get it '', 
  mmm , that another way to put it . 
  this is basically her small town east coast bubble popping . 
  part of that she herself says was the fault of her trusting the media too much . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the top comment in this thread seriously considers forced sterilization as an option , so yes , eugenics is being considered here on reddit . 
  did n't europe need a couple of generations for the birth rate to to down after the increase in medicinal technology ? 
  another point for finland . 
  i did n't even think of that , but you are definitely correct . 
  she just lacks critical thinking skills . 
  i 'm sure it 's not that bad , but i would n't blame anyone for not taking the risk and waiting for barcelona to cool down . 
  maybe this is because i live in a different area of the country , or maybe it 's because i am a younger , and therefor grew up in a different time than the author , but i do n't relate to anything she has said . 
  it sounds like a lot of this article was just about her learning how ignorant she was her entire life , and assuming that all the other 300 million americans felt the same way as her , or knew just as much about the world as she did . 
  she talks about how she blindly trusted american journalism when nobody even likes the media anymore . 
  she talks about how we always `` trust '' in our government and our justice system when sometimes they get as low as single digit approval ratings ( with the exception of the president , who generally always stays above 30 even at the worst of times . ), 
  like i said , maybe this is something that would resonate with older generations more ( i am gen z ) but i just do n't empathize with anything she is saying she talks about the turkish perspective as if everyone else in the world has the same perspective on life besides america , showing that she has n't really evolved past her american exceptionalism . 
  she shows an inability to differentiate her own experiences from others who live in america ( examples : people like me who have only remember post 9/11 , or older people who lived through the cuban missile crisis for example ) . 
  i think the problem i have with this article is that the author ca n't understand other people 's perspective , and then because she ca n't understand that other americans could think differently than her ( perhaps if she visited another part of the country she would learn that we all are n't the same ) . 
  she even believes this fallacy of thinking everyone in a country is the same with turks when she thinks that the few turks going to university in istanbul make up the opinions , political beliefs , and cultures of everyone in turkey . 
  the author is writing about how she had culture shock when she learned that anyone can have varying opinions on any matter . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  nobody is gon na be able to help you unless you give us info on what country you want to move to . 
  i 'd guess that being a us citizen will give you an advantage , but you 're probably still gon na need at the very least a secondary education to emigrate to almost any country in the eu . 
  there will always be reasons to hate something , and when you have a country at the forefront of everything , like germany is with the eu , that will cause people to direct their hate towards what they 're seeing . 
  true , but if they use their nukes everyone is dead . 
  tbh the average american did n't care about russia until crimea and the 2016 election . 
  we do n't think of russia as an actual military threat . 
  i mean , you 're right , but what could the eu be doing that the us is n't doing that causes the eus salmonella cases to go above the us if hypothetically the eus eggs are safer . 
  true , we wo n't know how a couple thousand will scale to nations that have tens or hundreds of millions of people . 
  your definitely correct but i do n't know if it made sense to bring those points up in this discussion . 
  apple can live without selling in europe , but it would reduce profits way too much for shareholders to approve of them leaving . 
  ya really , i just got it yesterday and this is the second time i 've seen it so i think it 's new . 
  how it works is if your message is 17 syllables it makes a haiku out of it . 
  it would be ridiculous if babies benefited from universal basic income . 
  it would cause too much inflation to be beneficial . 
  the us tested ubi 5 times in the 60s and 70s with groups of 1,000-2 ,000 people . 
  it found that it decreased the hours people worked and increased the school grades and attendance of those families , and those families usually used the funds well on things like their bills . 
  the studies found that there were no noticeable benefits to health or well being . 
  it 's also worth noting that i personally could not find the amount of money that was paid to each family in each test . 
  i do n't know about the most recent canadian and finnish tests , but those tests should give a decent idea of what to expect from universal basic income . 
   be born white  has n't killed self yet it 's 2017 fam . 
  get it together . 
  you can try damnit, 
  sadly there are , but i think it 's safe to say most of us do not like socialism or communism . 
  check my flair to get my opinion on socialism, 
  greedy capitalists are the only predictable thing about capitalism . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
   only small armies would be needed the us already went through this phase and found out that does n't work , i would recommend doing that . 
  i guess you could argue it did n't work because south korea did n't have nukes and wasnt close to nuclear capable in the 50s , but eh , not worth the chance . 
  when it comes to whether the poles want to leave the polish opinion matters a lot more than the eu opinion . 
  you could even say politics in general require are most successful when they are `` us vs them '' . 
  i bet it 's so someone that 's not an eu citizen ca n't submit anything . 
  whitehouse.gov does the same thing . 
  i know i 'm not one to talk , since my grammar is fucking awful , but oh my god was this article poorly written . 
  there are a few mistakes scattered through the article ( including the title ) , and the rest of the writing is just so off-putting . 
   raising german defense spending to 2 % of gdp is unrealistic  we should focus on building a european army, 
  ssshhh . 
  do n't let them know about the pedo vampires . 
  he also continued tried to consistently do what he wanted without truman 's approval , or in some cases do the exact opposite of what he wanted . 
   that flag is not the japanese imperial flag . 
  it was the army flag of the japanese army ( not navy , in which the sun was off-centre ) and it was abolished in 1945 i 'm dumb , i actually said this in another comment . 
   no , the meaning was always that japan was the sunrise island , aka , east in relation to the `` known world '' ( mostly china ) but also that the japanese emperors were descendants of the sun . 
  i have no idea where you came up with `` the world is japanese '' meaning . 
  this symbol is ancient and japan , historically , did not want to do with anything outside of japan outside of the invasion of korea in the middle ages and the imperial japan . 
  it 's an implied meaning from what i have had taught to me from my japanese friends , i 've had no formal education on the matter so i might be wrong there . 
   3 ) macarthur took a nuked out , warlike nation that preferred suicide over surrender and made them a hyper-advanced peaceful nation in a decade by not stomping on them and their traditions . 
  it 's why he kept the emperor , it 's why he kept the symbols . 
  he learned from ww1 germany . 
  he was n't a perfect man . 
  there 's a reason he was fired during the korean war after all . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
   the us makes its ` internal situation ' everyone else 's problem by virtue of its geopolitical position - you do n't get to be boss of the western world without people ` caring ' about who they 're going to have to deal with i think you should tell this to dutch person i am responding to . 
   also , us politics affects the political conversation in the uk . 
  when people protested trump here , they were n't just talking about trump , they were talking about his politics and the people who share them here in the uk . 
  understandable , but the women 's march was happening in places besides the uk ( although the majority of it outside of the us was in the anglo-sphere ) . 
  genuine question : what 's the point of going to a pride parade then ? 
  like i said earlier , i can understand protesting for gay rights , or any rights for that matter , but i ca n't understand why i would attend a pride parade that features american politics while i 'm living in europe ( from my understanding almost everyone on the float is an american expat ) . 
  well that 's just me being dumb then : /, 
  i myself am bi and have dated 3 boyfriends , along with having to get into arguments with my father over it . 
  i know what it feels like , but being bi is n't the thing that defines me . 
  oh it 's definitely the most expensive , there 's no doubt in my mind about that , and there 's plenty of stats to back you we have the most expensive medical bills . 
  the article itself mentions to other possibilities for these low rankings : 1 .
