  how many british world war ii movies have n't given credit to the polish for basically winning the battle of britain or doing a huge chunk of the work on the enigma code for them . 
  how many german war movies ( or movies in general ) showed the italian , hungarian , and romanian support the germans got against the soviet union , so much so that only about 40 % of the axis soldiers in stalingrad were german !, 
   it 's frankly pathetic . 
  i find it a little pathetic that you attacked my country after i made a completely unrelated comment about a different country . 
  i was not even making a negative comment or a complaint towards france and her people . 
  read my comment history , i defend france during wwii and wwi all the time because of the bad rap they have from dumb people in the anglo-american sphere . 
  that attack came out of nowhere . 
  would you like to educate me on what parts of us history we have overwritten ? 
  i remember learning about slavery and segregation . 
  i remember learning about our imperialism , manifest destiny , and the fillipino camps ( while i 've heard from some brits that they did n't learn the boer wars from school . ), 
  i remember learning about native american genocides , the trail of tears , etc. 
  i remember learning about the bombs dropped on hiroshima and nagisaki , and the japanese camps . 
  i learned about mk ultra in school , learned about our eugenics programs , learned our testing of chemical weapons on puerto ricans and african americans , i even learned about liberia . 
  are you saying we ca n't have movies about d-day because we did bad things in the past ? 
  it took 10 months for watergate to lead to the resignation of nixon . 
  give the trump investigation some more time . 
  the problem is germany is more a regional power than a world power . 
  they ca n't afford to go against someone like russia at huge cost to themselves . 
  it would be fine if they could admit this , but they pretend they want to sanction russia for votes and to curry favor and support with the rest of the eu then act completely against that when they have a chance to act . 
  too be fair this is n't just the us that is the problem when it comes to saudi arabia . 
  i agree , and a lot of the us agrees . 
  we should take actions against turkey , but our government will not sadly . 
  this does n't stop us from trying to take action against russia though . 
  remember the reports that russia attempted these cyber attacks to try to influence the french election as well ? 
  this is n't just about the us , this is about defending europe from russian cyber aggression . 
   hardly anyone thinks that illegal immigrants are a good thing this is simply untrue . 
  many people defend illegal immigration with talking points like `` they take the jobs you would n't want to work . '', 
  france would never make a war movie that shows france in a heroic light . 
  especially when japan took all those german colonies . 
  the pinnacle of shitposts . 
  but what about polish traps ? 
  at least they are better than the states that just use their state emblem and their name as the state flag . 
  new york city is pretty gross in general . 
  i do n't really get it either , since when has poland been the aggressor in any modern history ? 
  do you guys tend do mild amounts shit slinging at the russia whenever you get the chance ? 
  it 's a gdp per capita comparison map . 
  you would be correct . 
  the chart is also about gdp per capita , so mississippi is n't that bad . 
   we should build a wall ^ ^ tm crossing the balkans and russia . 
   tfw you realize donald tusk was donald trump all along, 
  i would say it 's soft power as long as it 's not military based, 
  this makes no sense , the new york and shanghai metro systems are both bigger , and the tokyo one should give you the most exotic experience ( super cramped . ), 
  you can drink at disneyworld , do not know about disneyland here . 
  assuming this is aimed at americans ( considering the suggestion for luxembourg this is a safe bet ) we have 2 disney parks here already . 
  disneyland , which is comparable to the one in paris . 
  and we have disneyworld , the mother of all amusement parks . 
  disneyworld actually contains 4 amusement parks , 2 water parks , dozens of resorts , and it 's legally considered its own city by the state of florida with a population in the thousands and the whole works . 
   movie about a mass retreat  said mass retreat was only possible because many french soldiers refused to surrender nice b8, 
  the uk did fine on it 's own . 
  they could n't have won on their own but it 's not like they did n't play a valuable part . 
  they had incredible logistics , only surpassed by the us logistics , and they did a lot of the work against italy on their own . 
  we could 've rushed to berlin if we wanted , we chose not to because the deal had already been made to let the soviets get that part of germany . 
   uk , us , canada , australia and nz all ultimately share english culture as a common ancestor where that very much not the case for us . 
  the us very much considered itself different from the commonwealth and the uk . 
  there 's a reason many people say things like `` d-day was an anglo-american effort . '', 
  instead of `` d-day was an anglo effort . '', 
  anglo encompasses the uk and canada , but not so much the us . 
  holy shit why ? 
  the game was n't made by americans . 
  the problem is that they feel they needed to add in americans to make the game sell better , which is pretty dumb . 
  game should 've had uk/france/russia vs ottomons/germans/austria-hungarians and then italian and bulgarian dlc . 
  americans helped end the war but were only really there near the dead end so we were n't in a lot of battles . 
  they 're not bordering any possible aggressors anymore . 
   yes i know that 's unfair considering population and military size do n't forget that the us military has a lot more commitments than eastern europe when it comes to garrisoning troops in other countries . 
  it 's not an entirely fair comparison , but it 's closer than at first glance . 
  the usa , before the invasion of south korea by north korea , also said they would not support sk . 
  i think we all know how that turned out . 
  there 's no reason to believe soviets would n't have intervened when nato started doing their bombings on yugoslavia . 
   you 're giving too much credit to nato , there were several dictatorships in nato it did n't help them prevent coups . 
  you 're giving too much credit to the eu if you think it 's the reason there has been no wars in europe . 
  a shared enemy ( stops two countries on the same side of the iron curtain from going to war ) plus a nuclear umbrella ( stops two countries on the opposite side of the iron curtain from going to war ) does that a lot better . 
  notice how the most notable war in the europe in recent memory ( yugoslavia ) happened literally less than a month after the collapse of the ussr ? 
   yeah somehow interconnected economy is not deterrent from war , it 's soldiers pew pewing each other on training that kept europe at peace lul british and germany economic interconnectedness did n't stop wwi . 
  let 's not pretend that peace was n't because of the cold war when the iron curtain gave people a common enemy on either side ( usa or ussr ) and nukes kept those two sides from fighting . 
  i have no problem with the eu , but you do n't have to come up with lies to justify it . 
  minority of us citizens are catholic . 
   centuries so at least two centuries right ? 
  so we 're talking 1800s . 
  i would n't call europeans liberal values the key to their success when you guys were still going around colonizing , and many of you still had full on monarchies . 
  there was n't even free press in many european countries at the time . 
  i admit you were very well off , but it had nothing to do with your liberal values . 
  f-35 is a lot more well rounded than the f-22 is . 
  that 's not the point . 
  i 'm explaining why we have a low voter turnout . 
  i 'm not gon na try to call change your mind on america being too arrogant because i know i wo n't change it . 
  the people here do view many countries as friends though , even if they do not view us as friends in return . 
  we love japan , south korea , the uk , and the commonwealth . 
  other countries we may not view as 100 % friends but as great allies with a good example being germany . 
  there 's something to be said about making sure the people who make the food are happy, 
  again , because of the electoral college . 
  no reason for democrats in the south to vote , no reason for republicans in cali or new york to vote . 
  so on and so forth . 
  jesus christ dude , settle the fuck down . 
  we have plenty of strong allies and friends , just that none of them are in the eu anymore ( brexit . ), 
  i have no hatred towards any european country or the eu , although i admit i do make some jokes from time to time . 
  i see no reason for you , or anyone , to actually be this mad over the us election except if you live in the us . 
  i can guarantee to you that if this whole trump thing blows over relations with europe will not normalize . 
  we will be allies but it will be very tense , people do not like it when their friends turn their backs on them and try to take advantage in their moment of weakness . 
  many americans were staunchly in support of our european and asian allies at the cost of our own money and lives , now i 'm not so sure europe will stay on this list for everyone . 
  with the way america is going there is a possibility that we will go even farther right wing , and it will be targeted at the eu , because some of us do feel betrayed .
