  a good example would be that plenty of rich people only bee farms to get tax breaks . 
  right , let 's ignore that the us also require those things in order to get a permit . 
  if it helps you feel better , many here in the us that i have talked to feel very strongly that we would be willing to go to war with russia if they straight up try to invade any ee countries . 
  i ca n't say the same about the current administration or his supporters though . 
  i do n't think it 's a fair comparison . 
  the usa spends 3.5 % of it 's gdp while poland just follows what nato asks . 
  just because they 're not ignoring nato does n't mean they put the same emphasis on military as the us . 
  funny , i 've found myself thinking similar things about europeans . 
  i guess people tend to think this of ` others ' . 
  brainwashed is a very strong word that does n't belong in this situation . 
  the genetic fallacy happens all the time . 
  actually , the majority of gun deaths in the united states are suicides . 
  if people who wanted to commit suicide did n't have a gun they would still find another way . 
  it 's also often stated that something like 70 % of america 's gun homicides are committed by 11 % of the population , so that should say something as well . 
  i absolutely agree , we ca n't let countries go unpunished for annexing territory . 
  otherwise what 's gon na stop russia from doing it again ? 
  the gulf war is a good example . 
  if there is no guerilla resistance ( a big if , i know ) then wars do n't last that long anymore . 
  do n't forget the massive but overlooked help they gave to the germans on the western front when the germans were actually advancing through belgium and france . 
  the austro-hungarians do n't get enough credit for how well they did against italy and romania . 
  got any stats to prove the us is getting significantly dumber ? 
  and do n't say voting trump . 
  if you had any semblance of knowledge about the us you 'd know that he was voted as a fuck you to the establishment , the dnc , and the rnc . 
   google search has a nice algoritm but nothing out of this world either , other search engine exist as well . 
  i agree with what you said about facebook and amazon , but that 's not fair to google , they 're doing quite a lot in the tech industry right now . 
  things like google glasses and the self driving car they are making are new tech breakthroughs . 
  ya , the murder rates are definitely way to high here in america , but it 's not like you get shot when you walk outside . 
  the crime is probably more attributable to poverty than ready access to guns , also why minorities are more likely to commit gun homicides as they make up a disproportionate amount of the poor due to america 's past . 
  sorry if i came off as rude , this topic just gets my jimmie 's rustled a little bit . 
  64 % of usa gun deaths are suicides . 
  ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_violence_in_the_united_states ) lowering the number of gun murders in america down to 11,078 out of a country of 300 million people . 
  i know nobody here is gon na listen , but there 's quite a few facts out there that prove the majority of america 's gun problems come from a small percentage of the population , someone in this thread already provided stats for that . 
  i wo n't blame anyone here for not understanding the situation since they do n't live here , but i 'd be nice if you did research first . 
  they wo n't come back to volkswagen , that would be a huge pr disaster . 
  we wo n't know unless we try . 
  trump does n't want it , he got elected so i guess the majority of americans do n't . 
  really j do n't care , we have such a big military that there 's no reason not to use it to make our allies feel more secure . 
  i 'm saying that there 's a lot more places for things to go wrong when you have 28 countries working together to try to maintain a single superpower level military . 
  what if germany wants to do x but france objects . 
  what if poland pisses off italy and suddenly the italian soldiers and their friend 's soldiers seem less motivated to help poland if she gets herself into a conflict with russia . 
  and say bye bye to any military production jobs ( like gun and ammo factories ) in western europe when they 're all exported to the cheaper ee . 
  i would hope he would n't be against workers that follow the wage laws just because they are polish . 
  i agree with macron on this , having a mass of foreign workers that do n't follow wage laws only hurts everyone , but if they get hired because they 're the best person for the job and not because of a massively lower minimum wage than more power to them . 
  i 'm sure a united eu military would very much disagree that they have enough nukes . 
  let me see if i 'm understanding this correctly . 
  corporations are hiring people in poland to work in france ? 
  definitely the first i 've heard of this . 
  it 's still a similar problem though . 
  corporations using forgeiners to get around wage and worker safety laws . 
  i know you 're being sarcastic but y' all part of nato , you do n't need an eu military unless you really do n't want to depend on the us and instead depend on 27 other countries . 
  sounds familiar ... macron , if the us and uk are anything to go by then you 're gon na be shit on by the international community for bringing this up . 
  ya , instead france pursues its own imperialist ambitions and then tries to act like they have moral superiority . 
  at least the brits cut that shit out in the 50s . 
   only we 're not pretending to be superior solid bantz, 
  patriotism of the eu instead of the country . 
  not plausibly , a combined eu army would be a contender for the number 2 spot if you go purely by gdp . 
  russia 's only advantage would be nukes . 
  not while plastic exists . 
  http://www.feenixx.com/americana/poster/p114-state_flags-104-8x12x72%20rgb.jpg yep . 
  yep , despite having a about double the population of each of their countries individually ( besides russia ) and being rich as fuck , we just did n't need a big army unless we were at war . 
  and then the usa mobilized 5 million men in the course of a year . 
  ( i know this is n't as much as germany , britian , france or russia but this was over the course or 1 year , without a huge starting army , and for a war on another continent . ), 
  do n't get me wrong , the usa was weak as shit except when they were at war . 
  until the korean war we had a tradition of complete demobilization and ending conscription the second a war was over . 
  my point is that europe gon na hate what europe hates . 
  i 've heard that the usa counts indant mortality different from someone here on reddit , but i never looked it up and never got a response from them how it was different so take it with a grain of salt . 
  you guys have more available healthcare ( i 'm assuming you 're french ) , but i 'm pretty sure our healthcare quality is better . 
  you 'll get use to it , hating america is the national pastime of western europe . 
  fun fact , before wwii ( yes , this persisted even though wwi ) the stereotype of americans was that they were too weak and peaceful and could n't conduct war well . 
  now we 're hated for being too warmongering . 
  that many flags is treading on murican territory there brother . 
  hey , you can educate us . 
  maybe after 20 years of head bashing we 'll learn europe existed before wwii !, 
  i do n't get it either man . 
  i 'm gon na continue beating the dead horse here and say it 's unfair to compare the best european nation of each category vs the usa . 
  only adjusted for ppp , which is pretty much thanks to greece . 
  how can the netherlands even compete ? 
  it was n't 100 % unanimous dude . 
  it really depends . 
  i live in iowa and never noticed any crumbling roads or schools . 
  in texas right now and there are 30 minute driving stretches where the roads are filled with potholes . 
  both of them had tons of construction , so i do n't fault texas for it , but i 'd guess it 's because texas is so big that they have to spend so much extra money to maintain their roads and schools . 
  i imagine it 's the same in california . 
  edit : for perspective , california is about the size of germany and texas is about twice the size of germany , and both of them do n't have as much money as the entirety of germany . 
  absolutely delusional if you think the german economy will grow that fucking much in 4 years . 
  i love germany and the german people . 
  but there is no way their economy alone surpasses the us in 4 years . 
  maybe the eu ( which will be harder without the uk ) , but not germany alone . 
  always have been , always will be . 
  gon na clarify what i meant since people seem to disagree . 
  ever since germany has been united people have always been afraid of a german hegemony in europe . 
  i 'm not trying to say the eu is or is n't the leader . 
  i 'm just trying to say americans are arrogant . 
  i agree that the eu leads when it comes to social areas but the us leads where it matters when it comes to leading the free world ( military and economy . ), 
  europeans might be happy but happiness does n't give you hard and soft power . 
  there 's a reason we removed all those useless u 's from words like color and honor . 
  it was to spite the british . 
  30 + states had gay marriage before the supreme court made the ruling . 
  i 've heard a few geopolitic experts predict poland as the eu leader because of france 's and germany 's aging population . 
  this will probably happen in the next 20-30 years unless germany can keep finding ways to fuck you guys over economically .
