  i just googled this and tried to figure out where some of these images come from . 
  most of it is stuff like `` top 20 euorpean historical figures '' or whatever , but like a good 20 % of it is just links to reddit or somewhere else with the thread being `` look what happens when you google european people history '' ( ignoring the obvious ones where it 's literally a screenshot of a google image search of course . ), 
  what qualifies as a vacation away from home ? 
  does it mean you have to leave to another country ? 
  what if you just stay in a hotel in the city 5 ~ ~ miles ~ ~ km over for a week ? 
  no problem if you do n't know the answer op , but i 'm just curious for the purpose of understanding the stat . 
  edit : i 'm sorry for my uneuropean savage ways ;p . i fixed the measurement . 
  it 's a gay porn site . 
  if we do n't allow people to earn past a certain point then why would they innovate ? 
  a lot of people the most against homosexuality are gay themselves , because they think that everyone feels these gay feelings and that you have to pray and work against the `` temptation to sin '', 
  i 've heard this gap exists in a lot westernized/modernized asian countries as well . 
  i think it 's a pretty global phenomenon . 
  most ~ ~ people ~ ~ bigots do n't realize gay men are n't attracted to every male on earth . 
  fuck me , this is probably the best joke i 've seen on this sub . 
  most of them were actually russian citizens . 
  sanctioning russia does n't attack germany soverignty . 
  his plan is pretty much just corporate and high income tax cuts and making sure that trade between the uk and the eu is heavily regulated , or he 'll find some other way to make it unattractive . 
  he 's gon na have to compete with dublin or frankfurt , and that 's assuming that london even stops being the finacial center of the eu ( it wo n't stop being the finacial center of europe since the island did n't litterally fly away from europe into another continent . ), 
  i do n't see paris winning this battle considering he 's competing with another english speaking area ( dublin ) . 
  what type of attack was the hamburg one ? 
  i think it 's because most people do n't know about the war in yemen . 
  it 's not really being covered too much because it would make every western nation look bad . 
  some of these people had dual citizenship because of british parents according to the article . 
  little iffy imo , but if it 's what the uk has to do then it 's what they have to do, 
   as 23 % of usa is catholic as opposed to 49 % who are protestant is it that high ? 
  i remember it being more like 15 % vs 55-60 % . 
  another fun fact though , about 70 % of the people who say they are `` unaffilated '' on the pew survey for religion in the us say they are actually christian , they just do n't believe in a certain sect . 
  only 4 % of those people said they were athiest , while another 5 % said they were agnostic . 
  ( those stats are also from wikipedia . ), 
  edit : to blow your mind even more , protestants make up the biggest religious group in south korea , outnumbering buddhists and catholics . 
  it 's a big country , i 'll chalk it up to us living in two different parts of the nation . 
   everyone knows that catholics are people of `` the book '' . 
  i wish i was kidding . 
  it might be because of where i live in the country but i do n't know for certain . 
  it goes both ways though , i 've seen many europeans on here think that america is filled with catholics and not protestants . 
   there has n't really been any animosity since the 60s . 
  there 's still a decent chunk from my experience . 
  eh , i ca n't defend every time france does something like this , but i 've heard legitimately good reasons for them to nationalize this time . 
  macron has already been voted . 
   it 's europe that should decide such sanctions . 
  that 's how it will be the most efficient for the less collateral effects . 
  part of the reasons for these sanctions are attacks on american sovereignty , we 're not gon na sit back over that whether you like it or not . 
  i 'd expect the same to be done if your countries sovereignty was attacked . 
   starting a trade war between the us and europe will not help europe to sanction russia . 
  do n't counter sanction us then . 
   how is getting germany to agree with putin of any help ? 
  then germany should n't agree with putin . 
   putin is currently laughing at how divided the west is . 
  he has no reason to do anything but wait . 
  this defeats the purpose of sanctions . 
  anybody inside the eu has no reason to actually hate trump besides a little posturing and shit talking he did . 
  the only people who have been legitimately hurt by his current administration are russia , nk , iran , the us and many other me countries . 
   us interference like that is actually helping russia . 
  it hinders the ability of eu to put sanctions on russia . 
  and almost all sanctions against russia comes from the eu , not the us . 
  did you just say that sanctioning russia not only actually helps russia , but it hurts the ability of the eu to sanction russia ? 
   us interference like that is actually helping russia . 
  it hinders the ability of eu to put sanctions on russia . 
  and almost all sanctions against russia comes from the eu , not the us . 
  we still had to fucking lead the sanctioning process though . 
  his error was thinking that people are n't easily manipulated in general . 
  europeans will find anyway to shit on america they can . 
  just ignore them . 
  if there 's any actual good criticism of our prison system , or anything else in the us , we already know it better than the yuros do . 
  because he hacked the us government . 
  our prison system is such a good joke he 'd rather kill himself ... 
  fun fact : the us never outlawed slavery as a punishment for crime . 
  hahaha , europe was just borrowing it from china , if anything . 
  even when you guys were colonizing you still fucking bowed down to chinese regulations when it came to trading there until the 1800s . 
  you will never be the sole world leader again , at best you can hope for a spot on that table with the us , china , russia , and eventually india and brazil . 
  you do n't remember all the constant complaining by the media to do things like europe when it came to letting illegal immigrants stay , only to later have europeans freak out over a similar but smaller scale crisis ? 
  he 's not wrong , countries will point to other countries as an example of `` why ca n't we have this/run things like this , it works in x country . '', 
  yes , but you 're going to run into trouble with the country you 're holding them back from . 
  in this case , the british hacker hacked into many us government databases and admitted , he even bragged about it as well . 
  all you do in this sub is just complain about how alt-right it is . 
  you 've shown that you wo n't accept facts and clearly just want to try to give yourself a heart attack . 
  do yourself a favor and leave if you do n't like it here , nobody is changing their opinions when you call comments like this alt-right :  eli5 : why are n't we already towing the rafts back ? 
  are n't these ngo ships sending the wrong message ? 
  `` plz endanger your self on the sea in a crappy raft , one of or ships might rescue you when you hit international waters '' . 
  is this bad because you 'd prefer integration or because you 'd prefer if they were n't in the country ? 
  is there provable causation and not just a correlation between an increase an immigrants and an increase in economic growth ? 
   eli5 : why are n't we already towing the rafts back ? 
  are n't these ngo ships sending the wrong message ? 
  `` plz endanger your self on the sea in a crappy raft , one of or ships might rescue you when you hit international waters '' . 
  explain how this is actually alt-right . 
  from what my church taught me ( might be different with the orthodox traditions and is definitely different from catholic traditions ) 1 . 
  i am god , i 'm a jealous god so worship no other gods besides me ( i believe catholics split these into two commandments ) 2 . 
  do not worship idols 3 . 
  rest on sundays 4 . 
  respect your parents 5 . 
  no adultery ( the wording also includes gay sex with this category ) 7 . 
  do n't steal 8 . 
  do n't lie 9 . 
  do n't be jealous of your neighbors things . 
  do n't be jealous of your neighbors wife . 
  ( some denominations put these last two together , but the fact that some of them separate them means that these sects have views that women are not the property of the man . ), 
  only in catholicism . 
  most americans either do n't know catholics are a type of christianity or personally believe it 's the wrong type . 
  ( unlike most of europe we are majority protestant . ), 
  i do n't think it 's super uncommon .
