  i tried that last year in gdansk during the euro and failed miserably . 
  other then that , i had the best holiday of my life there . 
  they just got their last king, 
  this guy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0zeoy-im6k, 
  i havent found another source in english but there are many in german . 
  well he was part of the blockupy protests infront of the european central bank in frankfurt so he probably was allready on a watchlist . 
  depending on quality and how far up the food chain your dealer is between 5 and 20 $ per gram . 
  i will never understand why companies like that are even allowed to exist . 
  so you are saying that because some people found a way to bypass the rules and did something illegal we should ditch all regulations and let the industry decide whats good for us ? 
  i want to know whats in the food i am eating and i want to know what food the pig ate which schnitzel i ate tonight . 
  and further more i would like that the animals i eat have to suffer as little as possible . 
  all this will go over board if we allow the american food industry to send their shit to us . 
  for the sake of selling our cars in the us a bit cheaper we will have to let all the shitty food that is produced in the us inside the eu and i dont want that . 
  there is a reason we have so many regulations for what is allowed in our food or the food of the animals we eat and the us has none . 
  lets hope this trade agreement will die before its too late . 
  i am now officially rooting for the terrorists of the world . 
  it seems to me that they have to be the good guys because the governments of the western world are officially the bad guys . 
  first of all if you did n't like my joke why couldnt you just downvote me and go on with it ? 
  secondly i do not believe in inherited guilt . 
  i can not and will not take responsibility for what happened 35 years before my birth . 
  i only can only try to help to make it impossible for history to repeat itself . 
  and thirdly go fuck yourself you stupid asshole for writing something like that to me . 
  i think it is time for another blitz over england ... 
  it applys to everyone who owns big parts of land . 
  for example is the biggest recipient in germany is the environmental agency of the state of brandenburg with 28 million $ followed by the state owned service for coastal preservation in national parks with 21 million $ . 
  there are also a lot of big companies on the list of recipients ... 
  it would be a great step in the right direction if the farm subsidies would only go to ... well ... farms, 
  [ die rure roiwe robb maschin ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcdcxjde6ze ), 
  they dont use the \u00df, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/checkpoint_charlie#checkpoint_charlie_today , 
  but maybe with the honecker glasses , that would be fun, 
  i dont think it is a good idea to let right wing politicians talk there . 
  there are probably 1000 kinds of bread in germany that are better than your typical white bread . 
  thank god . 
  they should run their little experiment in the us for a few decades and when they are sure it is safe they can try again . 
  they have daniel gildenl\u00f6w one of the biggest musical genius our generation . 
  lets go greece, 
  from one wtf moment to the next . . 
  how much does the calling cost where you live ? 
  its 14 cent in germany . 
  now to my favorite song, 
  look he not looks like an elv he even sings in elvish, 
  works fine for me , but i was allready logged in . 
  wait for greece . 
  is this the song from the 5th element ? 
  nice gay joke :d, 
  i will be suprised if we dont land on the last place ... 
  the guy from malta is a special esc contestant because he is actually a musician ... good one :d, 
  well that is the whole purpose of this event , to get drunk in front of the tv ;(, 
  i disagree . 
  everyone should sing in their native language . 
  great scot, 
  does anyone know if the voting with the app is free ? 
  if so i would consider voting the first time in my life . . 
  watching this thread on reddit-stream feels like watching championsleague :d, 
  my grandfather would be so proud ... 
  the song from greece is by far the best until now . 
  i would rather live on the street than live with my parents . 
  can we please stop posting this every other day ? 
  this all reminds me on this classic gag when german comedian hape kerkeling was impersonating queen beatrix : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvn76ghwjkc, 
  no , i have only been to the south of england but i just looked it up and it seems pretty comparable to my hometown with one major difference . 
  in coventry there was at least a destruction of some industrial plants . 
  gie\u00dfen was not also an industrial city but also a garrison town with 3 big army bases , a military airport and a big train station . 
  unfortunatly those legitimate targets were n't hit at all and only the inner city and residential areas were destroyed . 
  however i wnat to make clear that i do not feel any resentment towards the british and the americans of that time and from today because i am gratefull that they liberated us from the nazi regime . 
  i also did not want to diminish the suffering the people in england or elsewhere had to endure i just wanted to point out that it was not just dresden that was destroyed in ww2 and cilvians have been targeted elsewhere in germany . 
  my hometown gie\u00dfen is now one the ugliest city in germany because it was nearly completly destroyed . 
  75 % of all buildings were bombed and replaced with shitty concrete buildings after the war . 
  fuck you :d, 
  night of the prog festival : [ lineup of 2013 ] ( http://www.musikzirkus-magazin.de/dateien/images/hinweise/night_of_the_prog_2013_plakat.jpg ), 
  maybe they should ask the italians for money because of what the roman empire did to them ... 
  the only good relation germany has with its few former colonies is with german south-west africa a.k.a. 
  namibia despite the fact that we did some horrible things over there . 
  but there are still some german street names and a few german citizen living there . 
  well at least it made me angry . 
  you allways hear that those poor italians have to live with there mothers because they cant afford a place for there own . 
  but now that we know that they live in their own apartment or house i have no sympathy with them what so ever . 
  if they think they are too poor they should sell their fucking houses . 
  finally . 
  i do n't know but i really would like to know . 
  before there is another bailout i really would want to know the truth about the situation . 
  i as a german would even consider paying more taxes to save countries like cyprus if i knew exactly where the money went . 
  but instead our politicians lie to us und their politicians keep lying to them . 
  is this like the situation in ireland where we got told that we ( the germans ) saved ireland from bankruptcy but the truth was that we saved german , french and english banks ? 
  and now all we hear from cyprus is that we have to save russian mobsters who are using cyprus as a money laundering tax haven ... my solution would be that every person and bank who has money on cyprus and does not live there should pay the bill . 
  and not with just 10 % but with at least 90 % of what they have `` invested '' there . 
  after that they should maybe consider introducing taxes , regulations ormaybe legislation to sort out this banking sector of theirs . 
  i really hope they let these banks go bankrupt . 
  [ pizzaleberk\u00e4se ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leberk%c3%a4se ) with mustard and potato salad, 
  and still no streat view in my home town despite the fact that i saw them drive through here a few years ago . 
  as someone from a city who had a massive us military presence until a few years ago i can confirm this . 
  i really think today is the first day i saw the sun in 3 or 4 month . 
  well he was right about the swiss aswell as the clowns in italy, 
  well they both seem to feed populistic ideas to the masses everyone knows wont work . 
  so 50 % of the votes went to berlusconi or the crazy comedian . 
  not sure what to think about that ... 
  is that the comedian ? 
  north korea is best korea !!, 
  the problem is not the engine . 
  they just make ugly cars like this one : http://www.allmystery.de/i/t1c72e6_9008d1204651701-haessliche-autos-multipl.jpg?bc,
