  this swedish girl is really stoned isnt she ? 
  i \u00b4 m weak ... i called in and voted for albania, 
  wow 1 $ is insane for a phone call ... 
  so should i spend 14 cent or not ? 
  hard to say but it wasn \u00b4 t the worst song so far . 
  i dont think it has a chance to reach the top10 at the end . 
  it was like a cheesy version of a tom jones song :d, 
  the singer from cyprus standing on a pile of books but the only thing she sings is lalalalalaaa :d, 
  original bad maybe ... 
  i liked the albanian song because it reminded me of the opera song from the fifth element, 
  yes many people watch it . 
  mostly women , gay men and those straight men with girlfrinds who have nothing better to do :d, 
  i \u00b4 m probably going to be the only non gay male who is watching it :d, 
  of course we wont be able to bring the whole country on the level we have in germany or other prosperous nations in a few weeks but like the articel stated and i know from personal experience there are a few areas in the former gdr where things are even better than in some parts of west germany . 
  the important lesson to learn from the gdr is that there won \u00b4 t be quick fix for the situation and we have to deal with the mess for decades to come . 
  there is a lot of truth in this ... the problem is that it wont be enough to pump a few trillions into the failed state of greece . 
  we also have to build the whole system from scratch . 
  yes germany is relatively secular . 
  the conservatives just want to point out that their view on the world comes from traditional christian values but thats all . 
  they are not a religious party . 
  unfortunatly there is no term limit in germany . 
  i know that because i grew up under 16 years of helmut kohl ... 
  the next election will be in september 2013 but most likely she will stay in power with again a grand coalition . 
  my friend is going ... but as a policemen , i wish him good luck . 
  it \u00b4 s funny that germany the only country without a general speed limit has so few deadly accidents . 
  i could not agree more ... well said, 
  my observation from the people i know is that the women want to go to work and don \u00b4 t want to stay at home for too long . 
  most of the couples i know have only 1 child and the women can \u00b4 t wait to get back to work . 
  i think there is something wrong with the attitude young mothers have to beeing a housewife . 
  beeing a mother just isn \u00b4 t enough for them . 
  thank god i am going to poland and not the ukraine for the euro, 
  damn ... i dont want to be affraid of any insects . 
  lets hope the cold winters kills them all . 
  i think marine le pen is the name ... 
  i just hope the crazy chick doesnt get too many votes, 
  stupid pop music ... it all sounds the same how about this awesome polish post rock band : [ tides from nebula ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gsl8dm00hg ), 
  like every year they all suck ... 
  i wish someone would send a band like lordi again ... 
  they forgot the german part in the north , 
  for example the wish for freedom , prosperity and peace . 
  i hate this dickhead but here he is absolutly right . 
  like christmas : get drunk and enjoy the free days . 
  for someone from malta it \u00b4 s pretty northern :d, 
  i am with gaddafi on that one . 
  we should invade , devide it in 3 and establish the rule of law . 
  i never thought we have those kind of idiots in europe . 
  i think i would risk a few days in jail just to teach them a lesson ... 
  also from poland : [ tides from nebula ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uc_zwjrkujw ), 
  he was such an honorable thief :d, 
  i know i \u00b4 ve been there twice . 
  i love the fact that there were no homicides in valetta . 
  yes unfortuntatly many germans still think corruption does only exist in countries south or east of germany . 
  as i understand it he has the same powers the king of norway has . 
  yes but with minus 20 \u00b0 it \u00b4 s gon na be more suffering than fun and with the same amount of money i would probably get a nice hotel in the sun somewhere . 
  can someone tell my why i spend my holyday next week in the alps and not on lets say the cannaries ? 
  congrats on handball and tennis but who the hell cares about waterpolo ? 
  there is no controversy . 
   it \u00b4 s just in my opinion that in our modern time an independent country of hesse would make as much sense as an independent country of scotland or catalonia . 
  just a slightly different culture does not justify creating a new country . 
  i said it before and i say it aggain i will suport scotland and the catalan if we get the grand duchy of hesse back . 
  forget scotland ... 
  i want the grand duchy of hesse back . 
  in 3 weeks i will be in france for a week , i \u00b4 m thinking about leaving my smartphone at home so there is no risk of bankrupcy for me ... 
  everybody thinks angela merkel is the most powerful women in germany but in fact it is friede springer . 
  i wonder how much money they get from the mafia to prevend making laws against organized crime ... 
  a sad day for all of europe, 
  i am not religous but even i admire luther for what he did for the european society . 
  i say lets do it like in futurama and give everyone a fair share of that money . 
  in the late 80s i visited the us twice with my parents . 
  the first time we were in the south west and except the snakes , the spiders and the loud crickets i have only good memories . 
  the second trip we made was ny , dc , florida ( with rental car ) and new orleans . 
  new york in the 80s was the criminal capital of the world and it really felt like we were in constant danger . 
  we never left manhatten and never used the subway . 
  dc was the complete opposite it allmost had a european flair and everything looked so tidy . 
  the next city was miami and all i remember is that everyone warned us of driving through the suburbs . 
  the rest of florida was lovely though so was new orleans . 
  all i can say for germany : the rent is too damn high !, 
  the fdp only fights for your rights if you own a medium size or big company . 
  for everyone else it really doesnt make sense to vote for them, 
  ... and the best thing is that the retarded fdp falls below 3 %, 
  if they want legoland for the legolandern then they can have it, 
  legoland for the legolandern :d, 
  i read somewhere that they bought a lot of stuff like submarines from germany but never paid for it ... 
  haha , nice one ... have an upvote ^ ^, 
  it \u00b4 s just a house of cards waiting to fall ... 
  i just went to a big store where they sell suger for 0.88 $ a kilo but you are only allowed to buy 10 packs and i live 500km away from poland ... what the fuck is going on ? 
  we in germany pay a lot of money to the city just for cleaning . 
  for the house i 'm living in its 400 $ per year and for me personally 45 $ . 
  this is additionally to all the other taxes and fees for owning a house . 
  german, 
  i think the problem is that in the us everything has high fructose corn syrup in it and in europe we use normal sugar . 
  and i am also not the youngest anymore ... 
  i am scared that i die or grrm dies before the 7th book of asoif is finished, 
  as far as i know the only area in germany where there are still stories around about withes are the harz mountains . 
  you can read everything on wikipedia on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brocken https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walpurgis_night#germany, 
  not sure if its still a thing but the easiest would be malta where you can just buy a citizenship for just 650,000 $, 
  i am going to the night of the prog festival at the loreley, 
  you are right , thats a dumb question, 
  i allways stayed in val thorens, 
  cant help you with bars either because everything is so expensive there i allways brought everything to eat and drink with me from germany and because i ` m a relativly old i dont need to go out in the evening and am quite happy to go to bed early to be the first one on the piste in the morning .
