  oh my god where did they find arabella ? 
  belarus can into tatort, 
  oh i completly forgot about this , lets watch this trainwreck ;d, 
  holy shit ... this thread is full of racist assholes . 
  the problem is that fifa has its seat in switzerland and they dont have any corruption laws at all that would aply to a `` non profit organization '', 
  i allready had my ticket when i heard that they sold beer from every nation there and it seemed like a good idea . 
  i have no idea how many i drank or how i got home to my grand grand mother who still lived back then in the city center of hannover but it was totally worth it, 
  probably not but to all those who are going you have to do what i did at the expo in hannover : drink a beer in every nations pavilion . 
  yes of course it was the original , thats why i wrote coca cola and not pepsi or afri or whatever cola, 
  i really dont know how this compares to other countries but i bought a 2 liter coca cola bottle for 99 cents today, 
  not me personally but i guess the french authorities asked someone who could , otherwise they wouldnt claim it in an official statement . 
  they allready said that he was conscious because he was breathing normally . 
  oh man what an asshole way to commit suicide, 
  i 'm strictly against only using english . 
  languages are part of our culture and every language is unique and special . 
  there is no problem in calling america out on its crimes . 
  everybody knows they have done nothing good on this planet since ww2 but you act like russia is heaven on earth and thats just wrong . 
  their sphere of influence is much smaller but they act even worse in it . 
  i allways wondered how much do government payed trolls earn in russia ? 
  do you get paid per hour or per posting ? 
  are you a memeber of the fsb or just the ~ ~ hitler ~ ~ puntinyouth ? 
  really ? 
  there are a lot of crazy right wing people here too, 
  thats insane, 
  yes and i allready feel bad about posting this picture . 
  the new building is just a pretence the real reasons are eu/ecb/eurozone politics, 
  if you speak german there is a live ticker here : http://www.hr-online.de/website/rubriken/nachrichten/index.jsp?rubrik=91011&amp;key=standard_document_54805465, 
  the blockupy movement is protesting the opening of the new building of the european central bank, 
  i doubt this thread is going to do well . 
  if you compare the rhetoric of the nazis against the jews and the comments in this subreddit and / r/worldnews against the refugees you cant really see a difference any more . 
  lets see how the racist scum in this subreddit turns this into merkels fault, 
  you are right they should have picked a racist instead , am i right ? 
  and thats what happens when racist scum preaches against foreigners . 
  everybody from pegida to the `` concerned citizens '' have her blood on their hands . 
  sadly a lot of people here on / r/europe would prabably be happy if that would be reality, 
  says the 13 days old nazi troll account, 
  i spend the euro 2012 in wladyslawowo and went a few times down to gdansk by train . 
  really nice region and lovely people just dont ever start drinking vodka with a polish sailor ... 
  we should just blockade their little island and starve them out / s, 
  why are racist assholes like you affraid of foreigners ? 
  if you are not a drinker no one wants to be your friend anyway, 
  well and thats why you are an asshole . 
  saving a single human is worth that . 
  she did the morally right thing in letting hundrets of thousand people come from a wartorn country into safety . 
  everybody who is not a racist or an giant asshole thinks saving lives is a good thing . 
  no i 'm not . 
  everything merkel did was wrong except how she handled the refugee crisis that she did good . 
  so it was a mentally ill lone gunmen ... could the rassist assholes now please shut up . 
  is that suppose to insult or educate me ? 
  i just hope all the xenophobic cunts who voted for the brexit will come to their senses now . 
  i am completly drunk right now . . or you could say ready for the esc, 
  if voting would be for free i would call for georgia . 
  the only song tonight resembling actual music . 
  if spain wanted to leave the eu and the catalonians wanted to stay or vice versa i would be ok with them splitting up . 
  breaking up from the eu is much worse than splitting one single country . 
  the eu is the greatest political endeavor ever made in human history and you brits threw it all away because you are afraid of a few poles and rumanians . 
  what a sad day this is . 
  i really hope scotland and northern ireland will find their way back into the eu soon . 
  `` only '' 15 % for the pvv thank you netherlands bedankt edit : i guess i read the results wrong, 
  could you please tell that to the 50 % of turkish people in germany who still think erdogan is a saint . 
  my grandmother was born in the same year as sophie scholl and is still alive today but she was a member of the nazi party and even got married on hitlers birthday . 
  you realize that most people here are americans whos grandfather had a german shepherd or who like to drink on st. patricks day and so they think they are european . 
  yes of course, 
  we do have a few american ones lying around and have trained pilots that know how to drop them, 
  and now the british can have what they allways wanted : a fairer britain but not in terms of actual fairness , but in skin tone, 
  i once had a colleague from alzenau who allways got mad when i called him bavarian :d, 
  exactly i 've never heard anybody call it weck in hesse, 
  and i am not a liberal . . so are we even now ? 
  and i assume you are a nazi cunt so go fuck yourself, 
  thats the case in germany but in austria the president has atleast a bit of power . 
  just ask an austrian or look at the posts in this thread, 
  yes and not a nazi like hofer, 
  at least something positive happening in 2016 danke \u00d6sterreich, 
  i still think that the sister town of the city i grew up in had the best name of all towns in france https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/condom,_gers, 
  good, 
  but you do, 
  statement from president george h.w. 
  bush https://twitter.com/nbcnightlynews/status/875744252940230657, 
  the american people broke up with reason, 
  where is chistiano ronaldo to claim the the price for portugal, 
  yeahhhh not last ... eat this spain, 
  the best moment of the evening : https://twitter.com/juanjimver/status/863518449439518721, 
  3 points to germany , thank you ireland you were always our favorite, 
  and austria didnt gave points to us ... :d, 
  i never want to hear the british complain again, 
  the dream is still alive , germany zero points :d, 
  that portugese guy is on coke isnt he ? 
  follow the instructions on your tv, 
  is she falling asleep on the stage ? 
  finally some real music, 
  here goes nothing, 
  thats just typical romanian : yodeling and rap, 
  we 're only human ... 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  an english singer who can sing ? 
  where did you find her ? 
  norway wants to compete with spain for the worst song of the evening, 
  worst song of the evening, 
  i really dont like fado music, 
  do the background singers wear star trek uniforms,
