  these guys all look straight as an arrow :d, 
  sorry i 'm drunk :d, 
  the song is called : `` ohne holland fahrn wir zur wm '', 
  that sounds like an old james bond song, 
  oh no that means germany will win :d, 
  i can already hear it : germany zero points, 
  as are we germans, 
  my favorite was the singer from denmark but all 18 songs were bad in my opinion, 
  that guy could fit into modern talking, 
  she has the eyebrows of emilia clarke but cant use them, 
  thats some crazy shit croatia, 
  is that a girl or a boy ? 
  she is definitely not related to donald trump, 
  that romanian girl should have started for austria, 
  i love malta but that was horrible, 
  i missed most of the first semi final but today i 'm here to complain about the quality of the songs :d, 
  15 \u00b0 would be nice , unfortunatly i live at one of these 8s in the center of germany, 
  you are so right ... all we germans learn from kindergarten on is that it is our god given duty to rule over europe . 
  not where i live . 
  they say snowfall only at about 300 or 400 meters over sealevel and i am only at 200m . . 
  but we allready have animal abuse laws . 
  i even think we were the first country in the world to have these because of hitler and his dogs . 
  i really do n't see the point for another law . 
  at least it could start snowing for a bit of winter feeling . 
  i dont understand why this gets so much coverage in the brittish press but none at all in germany . 
  let 's hope it happens before the election next year . 
  we really do n't need them in the parliament in their current state . 
  maybe in a few years when they figured things out but not right now . 
  i know , but it still is greek debt no matter who the debitor is . 
  well everybody knows by now we dont get any of the billions back that we `` lend '' the greek so she could finally make it official . 
  thanks spelling bee champion you are my hero, 
  i dont know who is winning but the countries in blue are definitely lo ~ ~ o ~ ~ sing . 
  well i tried it just once but the baguette was horrible , the mushrooms didnt taste like fresh ones and the worst of all was the ketchup . 
  and dont get me started on pizza ... 
  they also put ketchup on the pizzas . 
  who ever thought this was a good idea should be send to siberia . 
  but i dont want to sound too negative  i loved the pirogi , nale\u015bniki , gofry and first of all the fish in all different ways . 
  well i like cabbage so i do n't have any problems with that , but [ this ] ( http://img.bazarek.pl/144404/13975/1907180/15657742904d0ff69b4d574.jpg ) is still the most disgusting food i ever saw in a european country . 
  thank god i will be long dead in 2060 :d, 
  a polish dish without mushrooms on it ? 
  that cant be right . 
  i could send another one from germany, 
  good for you merkel , that will teach them ... 
  i know that i exaggerated a bit but it just seems like that everytime the uk is mentioned in eu news they are the ones with the foot on the break . 
  so this is a nice change . 
  the uk agreed to something ? 
  i never thought i see the day, 
  the sad thing is that we have to deal with merkel for at least 5 more years . 
  whats so hard to understand ? 
  nazis glorify hitler and antifacists the raf . 
  i still have the same golf i bought in 1998 . 
  it 's fuel efficient as hell and i never had any major problems with it . 
  i think they placed the decimal point wrong ... they meant 40 to 50 % , 
  i am sorry i didnt want to provoke you with my lol comment . 
  i really just had to laugh when reading your comment . 
  i do know that especially germany did very well the last years because of the `` new '' deregulated markets in eastern europe . 
  all i can say is that all the 3 romanians i really got to know were very nice people . 
  however there seems to be a deep rooted prejudice about romanians in germany . 
  it will probably take a long time to get rid of these stupid thoughts . 
  lol, 
  that happened to me yesterday in stuttgart . 
  it took ages to find an open restaurant that wasnt fast food . 
  this really baffled me . 
  welcome to our house of cards, 
  i am sorry i dont know anything about this man or the politics of cyprus in general but i just think that it is your job now with the presidency of the council at the moment . 
  maybe this could also send a signal to your neighbors in the north and all our `` friends '' in turkey . 
  i think it should be the president of cyprus, 
  well there has been many wars in countries of the un but none in eu . 
  i ca n't wait to see what they have in store for us next year when they have a lot more money to waste ... 
  i just want to see what would happen to the spanish football . 
  i doubt any tv station in the world will pay hundrets of millions to broadcast a spanish league without el classico or a catalan football league with one team winning all matches 10:0 . 
  nevertheless both national teams will probably be strong contestants for the world cup . 
  the best beer is missing ... 
  it \u00b4 s a good day for democracy because the conditions the court demands do strengthen the german parliament . 
  well everyone gets what he deserves , 
  but the only thing i do all day is to think of ways how to become the leader of the world . 
  not much ... i can tell you that . 
  as i said it was in mid 90s ... i dont remember how costly it was but i think it was around 150 dm . 
  ( 75 $ in todays value ), 
  when i turned 18 i drove to paris just to have a cup of coffee but that was in the 90s and life was simpler . 
  i said it many times : i want the grand duchy of hesse back !, 
  -7.25 , -6.82 i smell bullshit because i \u00b4 m surely no anarchist ... 
  i am a bit disappointed that there weren \u00b4 t many religious questions but mostly gay questions . 
  also i did not understand ** any ** of the possible choices for highest educational level, 
  for us germans it is very good indeed . 
  but for the rest of europe and especially the eurozone it is very bad . 
  i \u00b4 m no economist so i can \u00b4 t explain it in detail but from what i \u00b4 ve heard it is very hard to get out of the public and privat debt situation with a high trade deficit . 
  i know a simple solution to this problem . 
  pay the people who are working in the industrial sector higher wages so our products get more expensive for the rest of the world and raise domestic demand . 
  both are incredible beautiful countries with mostly nice people and a few douchebags . 
  i really loved it . 
  good job uk, 
  mariusz duda is such a musical genius, 
  [ rpwl - unchain the earth ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byfbncc8rdi ), 
  i was there in 1994 when i was 15 and had a great time . 
  i remember this one discothek where they said they had the biggest lightshow in europe ... one day i want to get back there and see how much things changed . 
  what an idiot made this shit ? 
  see ... 
  i knew there was a way to unite these two religions . 
  i feel bad for laughing about that,
