  they say you should not judge other peoples culture . 
  but when your culture involves hurting or killing animals for pure pleasure your culture is barbaric , retarted and plain idiotic . 
  i say if they want to slaughter something senselessly they should kill each other . 
  i mean they are just sitting there with their lazy asses in the sun and do nothing anyway . 
  i fear that our corrrupt politicians didnt do this because of environmental concerns but because they get paid by the russians . 
  thank god they have chosen the german number . 
  i 'm so terrible with numbers i can barely remember this one and i live here for 33 years . 
  finish has nothing to do with any of the listed languages . 
  it comes from a completly different tree . 
  1.81 meters ... i was that small once ... in 1995, 
  i love arte documentaries, 
  i allways like to compare the american right to bear arms with the german right to drive as fast as you want on the autobahn . 
  every sane person knows it 's stupid but you ca n't do anything about it . 
  thats the price you have to pay to live in a free country :d, 
  finally, 
  no matter for whom you voted , thank you for voting, 
  my guess is that it has something to do with corruption . 
  as long as the americans and the chinese buy our cars everything is fine . 
  you are right , the dirtiest sport is weightlifting and i wouldnt send my son to do this too . 
  but as i said maybe it 's just me . 
  it 's probably just me but i will never understand how parents nowadays could allow their child to join a cycling club or pursue a career in cycling . 
  i never heard of either one of those two but this alex jones character should be brought into a mental institution . 
  i could not watch it until the end because this guy is screaming like a maniac . 
  how can a tv station allow someone like that to appear in front of a camera ? 
  i would turn that arround and say that i am shocked that still 8 % go to church . 
  i agree , it would be much better to use reverse psychology . 
  well without any context i dont know what to think about this . 
  the music is not my cup of tea and i dont understand a word , could be anything . 
  i 've never found any of these downfall videos funny , but thats probably because i 'm german ... 
  i really think that the people of northern ireland just dont want to live in peace . 
  well i would hold on to her ... women with good musical taste are hard to find these days . 
  the best europe has to offer : [ riverside ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynupf8six_8 ) from poland [ pain of salvation ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1jzz2ekfxe ) from sweden [ porcupine tree ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slwt7vtm_hc ) from england, 
  wait what ? 
  are you serious ? 
  i do n't even know what to answer to that other than you sound like an asshole ... 
  well thats just stupid ... 
  there will allways be prostitution even if you forbid it . 
  furthermore if it 's legal you can regulate it , earn taxes and provide the prostitutes with the same social net everyone benefits from ( health insurance , pensions , and so on ) . 
  if you force it in the underground it will be even more controlled by the mafia and other shady groups . 
  no that one is not from me . 
  mine is from gie\u00dfen , 
  i 'm glad that my card arrived safely . 
  and the only winners as usual are the banks, 
  yes you are , because in my mind beeing a racist is a mental illness probably even hereditary . 
  now go away and troll somewhere else . 
  after reading the source this should have happened here in my hometown yet despite the fact that i have the local newspaper and have friends that work for the police i havent heard anything about this `` large scale '' . 
  yes there were rapes and yes criminal activity has risen since we had 10k asylum seekers in a city of 80k people but this has nothing to do with them beeing muslims or whatever . 
  the reason for that is putting thousands of people together in a small space without the proper utilities and no way to pass the time other than roam the city . 
  we just have to put a few of them in every small village and 90 % of the problems will go away . 
  very good video , unfortunatly it wont change the opinion of the racist assholes that are swarming this sub lately, 
  the problem is not the links and articles that are posted here but the comments of the / r/whiterights troll accounts . 
  come on ... no one can be so retarded . 
  you have to be a troll . 
  let me guess , you are just another 20 year old loser who lives in the basement of your parents house in the us and likes to play troll for a while ? 
  from now on i will just asume that all the racist assholes that flooded this sub in the last month are 20 year old losers pretending to be trolls living in their parents basement in florida, 
  rip europe , it was nice while it lasted edit : i mean that because of the border controls not the imigrants, 
  just because we have very little compared to norway doent mean we have almost none . 
  and another thread on / r/europe full of racist assholes without any human emotions except hatred . 
  i really dont know why i still come here when there is no difference between the userbase here and / r/european, 
  i am sorry but when i hear ascension i can only think about the show stargate, 
  the official term is `` et '' what does sound very close to the @ ( at ) so most people call it und ( and ) and the old fashioned people call it `` kaufm\u00e4nnisches und '', 
  the last time this was posted we had a discussion that the younger german generation doesnt know the term klammeraffe or klammer\u00e4ffchen anymore, 
  we really have to something about the countless racist assholes brigarding / r/europe . this subreddit is getting worse and worse because of these fuckers . 
  and still nobody official calls these acts of terrorism ... 
  oops , maybe i should have bought an ouzo, 
  i just bought a bottle of metaxa to support greece , sadly i dont know what else to do, 
  nobody here knows how they negotiated but i would think the best way would be saying something like : if you dont take this deal you wont have any money to import medicine and you would have to stop paying the salaries of your police and military personal . 
  looks like / r/europe is only for racist assholes now ... 
  we should just let them die in their war torn countries because fuck them for beeing poor , right ? 
  it could be anything from all poor and middle class greeks getting fucked in the ass by hyper inflation of the new drachma or we get another world wide recession ... nobody knows, 
  no i did not , i just saw adams \u00e6bler because it was on the german netflix . 
  i guess i have to look out for these other ones . 
  i really liked adams \u00c4pfel or adams \u00e6bler , maybe this is funny too, 
  wait not germans on mallorca ? 
  call me suprised, 
  from what i heard about him , thats not good ... 
  and last and very much least italy, 
  yes, 
  i thought this is going to be the song from the 5th element, 
  show us that ass, 
  kissed by fire, 
  this is really really bad, 
  i thought she retired anyway, 
  hello china , my condolences, 
  no they have anti booing technology this time, 
  udo j\u00dcrgens the legend, 
  ok i vote for that orchestra to win, 
  well i only drank beer so nothing special , 
  i 've been drinking for over 5 hours now so i think i 'm in the right mood for this . 
  14 cent per vote ... thats too expensive for me . 
  i wouldnt know for whom to call anyhow, 
  what the fuck slovenia ? 
  that song from israel is going to be big for the `` usual audience '' of the esc, 
  and the song wasnt bad either, 
  i like the song from montenegro just because it isnt in english, 
  damn thats depressing ireland, 
  ok , nothing better to do . 
  lets drink some beer and listen to shitty music, 
  are there really people watching this in australia at 6 in the morning ? 
  finally someone who is not singing in english,
