  for example the uk bought over 2 billion $ worth ( since 1999 ) from us and i dont see something wrong with that but i do have a problem with exporting to saudi arabia or pakistan . 
  and the wife beating comparison doesnt fit here at all . 
  i am sorry maybe i should have posted / s at the end or the smiley face  ... of course i wasnt serious and i just had to ramble my discontent somehow, 
  terror nuke bomb obama, 
  my problem is that there seems to be no middle ground about this topic in politcs . 
  the only ones who are talking about this are the left and they want to stop all exports completely which in my oppinion doesnt make sense . 
  the postition of the other parties seems to be everyone can buy if he has the money . 
  ehhm ... no , not even close . 
  maybe siegfried from the [ nibelungenlied ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nibelungenlied ) or hermann der cherusker aka [ arminius ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arminius ), 
  i once was swimming in a river north of celje . 
  i cant remember the name but there were a lot of people there . 
  if he brought his billions he can stay here as long as he likes :d, 
  it is really refreshing when they ( steward and colbert ) are not mocking germany for once, 
  fun fact : you are an idiot . 
  maybe garbage is a bit of a harsh word but the main difference between the food in the us and the eu is that we have regulations for nearly everything from environmental or health concerns , animal rights and finally concerns about genetical modified plants or animals . 
  an example are the allready mentioned chicken . 
  over here there are strict rules what medicines are allowed and how the animals have to be treated when alive and dead . 
  in the us everything goes as long as they are disinfected with clorine after they have been killed . 
  no you are wrong if pandoras box is opened once you dont have a choice except growing your own food . 
  in theory i would have nothing against a trade deal with the us if it only would contain products that have nothing to do with food or food production but i really dont want to have any of the garbage they sell in the us in our supermarkets . 
  why isnt this all over the news ? 
  this should be the headline on all newspapers in europe . 
  i suck at the us states , only 48 % right at the first try, 
  yes . 
  you should earn more for the same work where the cost of living is higher . 
  i am completly for a minimum wage but it shouldnt be the same amount across the whole country . 
  in munich you need much more money than in mecklenburg-vorpommern for example to live the same lifestyle . 
  thank you, 
  the us should shut the fuck up . 
  they lost their right to critizise us . 
  who the hell is rick santorum ? 
  she should atleast be above the pope franziskus . 
  but i thought german law applies on german soil ... maybe the cell phone never touched german soil and our air belongs to the occupying forces . . 
  i know these are the things we learned in school but i read somewhere that it was a bit differntly . 
  but i cant remember were i read it so i am going to stop here because i realise that i sound like a conspiracy nutjob . 
  i dont know . 
  werent these facts debunked years ago ? 
  as far as i remember the japanese would have surrendered anyway just a few weeks later . 
  their economy was completly destroyed and the russians were also planing an invasion . 
  the us droped the bombs because they got a brand new toy and wanted to use it and did not want the same situation like in germany where they had to share the spoils . 
  why ? 
  both things were completly unnecessary . 
  i quit smoking 5 years ago and i still hate those militant non smokers . 
  if you dont like other people go live in the woods . 
  i know some people in the green party who are pretty active on the local level and they wont be happy if they indeed get in bed with merkel . 
  i allways teased them that they are just conservatives in disguise but this would surely lead to a lot more . 
  because germans are idiots . 
  i loved the la\u0161ko pivo when i was in slovenia, 
  impossible to decide . 
  even on a state level this would end up in an endless debate . 
  but for me it is our local beer [ licher bier ] ( http://www.journal-frankfurt.de/image/kolumnen/10805.jpg ), 
  i am going to vote for `` die partei '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/die_partei, 
  i still cant get over the fact that the bavarians had to move their state election one week before the bundestag election . 
  why couldnt they have done it like we did in hesse and do both elections on the same day ? 
  doesnt this shit cost a lot of money to do the same thing twice a week ? 
  exactly . 
  he seems to be the perfect man for the job . 
  he stands for everything the ioc stands for . 
  well they just had it in spain anyway . 
  well that went pretty well . 
  i allways tell people that i ate too much nutella as a child and thats why i am so tall . 
  in my oppinion steinbr\u00fcck sold him self a bit better than merkel . 
  he actually answered some of the questions the hosts asked him and did not allways recite some political phrases . 
  but i doubt that this debate actually changed anyones mind . 
  ** germany ** * [ deutsche telekom ] ( http://www.telekom.de/ ) * 1up/16down * 29,99 $ fuck me right ... 
  so none of the 2 ? 
  it will probably be boring as hell not funny like the one from 2005 video in german : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zmkku8dapq&amp;, 
  he could say that the sky is blue and i wouldnt believe him . 
  most of them are probably just your average hillbilly racist . 
  but the neo nazi movement is taking advantage of the situation and tries to tie them to them . 
  i really dont know . 
  the best explanation i can think of is that most people in this country are stupid cunts . 
  neo nazis are trying to get rid of asylum seekers in their little part of berlin . 
  and in a small town in lower saxony a supermarket only wants to sell goods to eu citizen . 
  in other news there is an election coming soon and everyone knows that nothing will change . 
  well this is going to be a funny story in the mental hospital ... 
  too many to list them all . 
  but thanks to that everything is dirt cheap . 
  i dont know the exact laws in the uk but i allways thought they have freedom of press over there . 
  if not maybe we should put sanctions on their regime or starve this little island until they get to their senses or the people rise up and deal with the people in power the old fashioned way . 
  had a great vacation there 12 years or so ago . 
  the old people still spoke german it is crazy how fast the scenery and the vegetation changes from alpine to mediterranean the great cave of postojna, 
  good . 
  by now everyone should know that the us is no different to china or russia when it comes to the quality of their judicial system . 
  from wikipedia but there are tons of other sources :  there are also strong hints that fran\u00e7ois mitterrand , president of the french republic 1981 -- 1995 forced kohl into a deal : french approval to the reunification only in return for introduction of the euro ( = abandoning the deutsche mark ) . 
  [ 15 ] [ 16 ] kohl agreed , even without previously discussing it with bundesbank president hans tietmeyer . 
  but please lets not forget that this was not our idea . 
  the whole reason for the euro was that we germans dont get too strong and was a price we had to pay for the reunification . 
  the fact that it went the other way just shows the lack of foresight of politicians in general . 
  it was the flag of a student fraternity, 
  x-rays and artificial fertilizer edit : the x-rays were not invented here but a lot of r\u00f6ntgens research took place here . 
  this is such a funny story . 
  the officials of gibraltar and spain behave like dicks and like allways the only people who suffer are the working class people . 
  and like someone mentioned a few days ago spain is still occupying a poart of portugal so maybe they should get off their high horse . 
  nevertheless it is my oppinion that a `` country '' like gibraltar should not exist at all . 
  either it should be a normal part of england or a complete sovereign country but this colonial empire bullshit has really no place in the 21th century . 
  nice try amazon, 
  i wonder how long it will take until i see the first one over here . 
  and i do my best to keep it that way . 
  never drink with a polish sailor .
