  perfect !, 
  just make sure russian tourists do n't accidentally cross the border hehe , yes , we 're quite aware of their movements !, 
  it 's no secret that we 're listening ( on behalf of nato ) . 
  those u2 flights landed in bod\u00f8 , norway back in the day etc. 
  we watch them , they watch us . 
  the russians held their exercises in response to our nato exercises in northern norway and the baltics . 
  it 's tit for tat , nothing new . 
   sorry about being so defensive , no worries . 
   everytime russia is criticized , it is always `` but what about the americans ? '', 
  there may be something to that , i have n't noticed that pattern myself . 
  however , i was rather comparing canada/us with norway/russia because of your close and friendly relationship . 
  all that despite your history !, 
  i did n't really mean that the us was bad or worse in any way . 
   yea , americans bad , russian good sourpuss !, 
  i joke about your relationship and you get all upset ? 
  at least we 've never attacked our neighbor . 
  i can cross the border without a passport , can you ? 
  :p  the same kind of healthy relationship you have with russia oh , please . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  the russians have done nothing to harm us or violated norwegian territory . 
  they have returned to their cold war flight patterns , and stepped up their game in the far north ; which is their new policy due to the arctic resources . 
  you realize they 're flying * past * us to visit the uk , us and other countries ? 
  it 's hard to avoid flying past norway from the arctic !, 
  the us and nato does the exact same thing to them !, 
  norway 's military leadership is even more relaxed about it . 
  we have a good , working relationship with our neighbors and do n't fear them at all . 
  my government is just being prudent when they redeploy forces . 
  preparing to defend ourselves , even the worst case scenario , is only logical . 
  nesb\u00f8 came up with the idea and wrote the premise . 
  he 's a co-author of the manuscript , but there are several other writers involved . 
  in one article it says he left it up to others to complete the story . 
  hehe , yes , something like that , also lots of fjords and waterways making travel difficult and slow . 
  we have lots of ferries and bridges for that , but both can be `` removed '' with explosives , 
  ideal ? 
  is the us an ideal neighbour ? 
  you 've been at war with them !, 
   you guys do n't even have an open border any longer !? 
   more than 80 % of the population already lived in remote villages in the highlands , outside soviet control . 
  yeah , which is what i meant by the second homes . 
  during wwii it was required to survive ( food ) . 
   afghanistan is a huge country with thousands of kilometers of land borders with sympathetic countries such as pakistan that armed them , provided volunteers and supplied ammo . 
  yeah , that 's sweden for norway . 
  all of europe can reach us by ship/boat . 
  we used to smuggle weapons from the shetlands ( uk ) during wwii . 
  it was n't possible for the germans to stop . 
   but norway has oil ... well , we have deep sea oil on highly * fragile * platforms ... 
  it would n't take much sabotage or many attacks to stop the oilflow . 
  that 's not the neighborhood in question ... rogozin arrived in svalbard on a * direct * flight from russia !, 
  yeah , that 's true , but if i remember correctly even then they continued to have troubles there . 
  it was n't just a city they were trying to hold on to . 
  the neighboring dagestanis were not quiet either . 
   afghanistan was nato , but 9/11 was considered an attack , so the invasion was considered defensive . 
  you 're forgetting that it was actually a un mission headed by nato the international security assistance force ( isaf ) was a nato-led security mission in afghanistan , established by the united nations security council in december 2001 by resolution 1386 , as envisaged by the bonn agreement . 
  bah , if you think the norwegian population views this as a credible scenario you 're wrong . 
  we know exactly where we have russia , they 're our long-time neighbor . 
  we do n't fear them , but we respect them . 
  we 've only had minor disputes , but we 've never fought , unlike our other neighbor sweden . 
  well , russia has never attacked norway . 
  we 've been neighbors for for about a thousand years or so . 
  we even have an open border arrangement with russia in the far north for border citizens . 
   the shape of the country . 
  have you looked at an elevation map of norway ? 
   the caucasus monts ? 
  oh , you mean the place that russia could n't keep down until they installed an extremist leader acceptable to the locals and poured money over them ? 
  hehe, 
   most of the population is urban though every country has that , how about you look at the distribution outside of it ? 
  we also have second homes in the country side for a reason . 
  finland did pretty well against russia . 
  norwegians volunteered for that war ... 
  it was first pitched in 2008 though . 
  technically , norway has never been at war with russia ever . 
  in the far north we have an * open * border arrangement for citizens on either side . 
  we do n't exactly have a bad relationship . 
  it 's primarily norwegian though , you 're putting a lot of emphasis on the other partners . 
  - norwegian tv2 and arte are financing the production . 
  tv2 is the primary sponsor . 
  - it 's also supported by nfi , nordic film and tv fund , and creative europe . 
  - yellow bird ( norway ) is producing it , but it 's co-produced with arte france . 
  - arte bough the distribution right for five nordic tv dramas . 
  `` okkupert '' is the second show they plan on broadcasting . 
  - zodiak rights is the international sales agent and also helped co-finance it . 
  norwegian author jo nesb\u00f8 pitched the idea to yellow bird ( producing company ) . 
  have you heard about this thing called nato ? 
   one word ukraine . 
  one word ; failure [ of logic on your part ] . 
  what do you think isaf was about ? 
   russia in a week takes norway and says . 
  fuck off or i will use nukes to defend myself . 
  that 's what nato is for , attack a member and nato attacks ... 
  it 's the human condition , 
   first off , i hope my last comment did n't come off as an attack . 
  it was n't meant to , i reread it and can see why some people might have thought that . 
  oh , no , far from it !, 
  i respect your opinion and questions . 
   i hope one-day artificial meat technology gets to a point it can be as nutritious , as tasty and cost at least the same as regular meat , but it 's not there yet . 
  yes , i would prefer that kind of meat myself . 
  i 'd rather not see any animal killed , mistreated or imprisoned . 
  provided that the grown meat is equally nutritious and healthy ( or not ) . 
  interestingly , that vat grown burger that was eaten in london had some norwegian ties . 
  i do n't remember the exact background now .
