   lack of exciting food scene etc ( this is true for sweden as well ) huh , i guess you do n't know oslo very well , there are many fine restaurants and our chefs regularly win [ bocuse d'or ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bocuse_d'or ) . 
   if you rob a bank in sweden as a foreigner , it 'll still be difficult to deport you if you throw away your id and stuff . 
  once you 're released you 'll probably recieve grants and an apartment for living until they 've sorted out the issues . 
  we have a slightly different approach than sweden . 
  no , that was in * one * specific case , we do extradite to the us ( no death penalty ) . 
  in fact we try to send as many foreigners to serve time in their home countries as possible . 
  we have a deal with romania etc for that reason . 
  i hope you do n't mind , but a minor clean-up was in order : one hundred years ago the assassination of the archduke franz ferdinand marked the beginning of the first world war . 
  it left 16 million dead . 
  approximately 20 years later the second world war exploded and in europe alone 50 million died . 
  the continent was left in ruins . 
  but someone came up with an extraordinary idea for the countries that were enemies . 
  in 1951 six countries france , w. germany , belgium , italy , the netherlands and luxemburg gave birth to what would become the future union : the european coal and steel community . 
  it was n't born for economical reasons , but to make the raw materials used for making weapons a shared resource - and another war materially impossible . 
  the eec came later . 
  it has been over 60 years of prosperity and democracy ; a period of peace that europe has never experienced before in its whole history . 
  yes , sometimes brussel disappoints us , but as jean monnet used to say : `` it is better to fight around a table than on a battlefield '' . 
  the videos ends by asking : `` how many people remember why we wanted [ a united ] europe ? '', 
  oh , you !, 
  i see . 
   uk is less integrated in eu than switzerland , a non-member . 
  the swiss just had that referendum on eu citizens and immigration ; i 'm tempted to claim they 've falled below the uk in terms of integration . 
  the uk might be 100 % open to schengen , but at least eu citizens have rights there . 
  [ have you seen them ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cds7lshawaw ), 
  for 3 months ?!, 
  that 's enough to drive someone to commit suicide !, 
   bordering countries for the us also . 
  it seems to me the trend is increasingly latin-americans , also judging by the most recent arrivals . 
  obviously mexicans remain the largest group . 
  the fact is that the us also has a huge number of * illegals * , that is where we differ most significantly . 
  yes , there are some illegals around europe obviously , but they 're mostly legalized per european treaties ( residency/temporary ) . 
  their contributions to the workforce `` varies '' a great deal , but integration is problematic some places . 
  so many legally recognized immigrants try to get to the uk , but refuse to stay in their port of entry like greece , italy or france . 
  they 'd rather hunger strike in france than just take up residency and work there ( ! ), 
   bordering countries it 's sort of the opposite of here . 
  they 're either european citizens ( polish in uk ) , not a bordering country either - or immigrants from far , far away ( say syrians in sweden ) or various africans in southern italy . 
  note that africans in this context is not north africans , but rather distant countries like somalia and sudan etc. 
  foreign born does n't mean exactly the same in a european context . 
  it 's a mixed bag , so not exactly a good comparison . 
  a polish-born person in sweden is `` foreign '' . 
  they may not be `` immigrants '' in the sense we 're discussing . 
  does the us number actually include the  10 million illegals living there ? 
  many of those numbers are just inter-european workers , who are more or less settled ( tbd ) . 
  i think the uk has a huge number of polish immigrants , possibly near a million alone if i remember correctly . 
  the swedes have more extra-european asylum seekers than say denmark . 
  france has a lot of north africans historically and they continue to arrive . 
  many eastern europeans as well now . 
  okay , i see . 
  would you say it 's more expensive than the uk ? 
  i understand it 's causes many women to stay at home rather than work ? 
   i have some finnish friends who cite this attitude as their primary reason for wanting to go home . 
  from what they 've told me it sounds like parents in nordic countries do very well . 
  i still believe it should be possible in almost any other country ; there 's nothing special about scandinavia . 
  though we have changed quite a bit since the 1950s , what your location sounds like to me , but that was all down to political leadership , social programs , legal reforms etc. 
  it may help that our culture is where it is now , but it was n't there a few generations ago . 
  denmark , sweden , france and the uk are very different from each other and the us in terms of immigrants . 
  you 're a long way from home ? 
  it helps that they have a huge immigrant workforce , a huge number of underpaid/low pay workers etc. 
  are you kidding ? 
  i 'd much rather have a group to defend me against the hordes on reddit , 
  it costs a fortune * in the uk * , you 're uniquely expensive . 
  in certain countries we manage to organize and finance after school activities and kindergartens at very affordable prices . 
  guaranteed by the state . 
  if we can , you can . 
  let 's vote for winter !, 
  that would be a mistake . 
  why do you even presume that ? 
  they 're very much at odds with russia , and have little in common with the russians . 
  estonia is more like finland , lithuania was once part of poland etc. 
  while they were twice occupied by russia/ussr , they were never russians . 
  hehe , thanks , i guess he must have `` rubbed off '' on me , 
  ironically , that 's more or less what germany is ? 
  you have all sort of immigrants working in germany ; turkish , eastern europeans and now many southern europeans . 
  it does n't have to end up * identical * to the us ( ! ), 
  that 's the difference between europe and america . 
  the fact is that [ educated ] labor is the most valuable product a country can produce !, 
  spain and greece is losing their future as we speak , thanks to the vast numbers of professionals leaving . 
  who said they will join ? 
   no , i 'm actually semi-joking about turkey ... 
  they 're just not as easily categorized as indians ( h-1b ) ? 
  there 's more variety and * unskilled * labor . 
  yes , that 's however exactly why they 're very useful . 
  they would be useful under different circumstances as well . 
  again i would point to the us and how their economy is driven by immigration * and * innovation . 
  okay , however my point was that i suspect the balkan states will join before turkey . 
  they 'll probably be allowed to join in that order ... 
  trade between the two blocks will likely benefit both sides . 
  less than free trade would have , but at least it 's not war . 
   it uses controlled migration only taking the cream uh . 
  really ? 
  you 're going to claim they 're not overflowing with mexicans and latin-americans ? 
  the `` cream '' they do pick ( h1b 's etc ) is very wisely exploited to the fullest . 
  however , i believe the cheap labor force contributes considerably more to the over-all economy . 
  they keep the costs down and productivity high , as they 're usually underpaid and overworked . 
  i wonder if turkey will be affected by the syria/iraq mess , if the kurds join iraqi kurdistan ... that might change things for turkey and the eu . 
  north african states like morocco have applied and been rejected . 
  that was however a clear cut case . 
  france later pushed for [ the euro-med partnership ] ( http://www.eeas.europa.eu/euromed/index_en.htm ) as an alternative . 
  it 's worth noting that algeria was part of france , and as such it was an original member of the eu 's predecessor , [ the european coal and steel community ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a6/ecsc52.png ),
