  i hope he rots in prison of course . 
  it was a * development * programme , it was canceled because it would take another 500 million euros to complete ... 
  the german air force ( luftwaffe ) ordered a variant of the american global hawk , to be equipped with a customized sensor suite , designated eurohawk . 
  the aircraft was to be equipped with an ** eads ** - built sigint package . 
  there are fears that the eurohawk would violate european airspace regulations , and would not be approved by the european aviation safety agency . 
  unless you agree to it ... 
  which i 'm very sure he did . 
  come on , everyone in that community knew he was the one on trial . 
  there was no point to hiding it from the press . 
  he 's been trying to control his image for some time now . 
  when france instituted tax breaks for families with children the birth rate rose . 
  i assume sarcasm is implied ? 
  yes , stage 1 is complete , stage 2 is the au 's responsibility . 
  the eu 's training mission is on the ground in bamako . 
  i 'd love to . 
  it 's all about socio-economic conditions . 
  oh , and a little opportunism . 
  i 'm sure you imagine there are similarities with the french youth riots ? 
  only on the surface , but i 'm sure they 're inspired by them . 
  did you catch what sparked the riots ? 
  the police shot a * finnish * man . 
  the claim that swedish police somehow are racist is absurd . 
  we 're not talking about la cops here , and this is n't `` the projects '' . 
  you need to understand how different sweden is from your culture . 
  if there 's a really `` politically correct '' country ; it 's sweden . 
  you would n't understand how far they 've gone to promote equality of women and minorities . 
  they have accepted immigrants for centuries and successfully integrated them . 
  yiddish is just one of the official languages of sweden . 
  it 's far from the homogeneous state most people assume . 
  sweden accepts more refugees than almost any other country in europe . 
  some of them do have a hard time adjusting , many more do just fine . 
  the extensive welfare state means immigrants are cared for . 
  they 're not dumped in the ghettos , they are treated as regular citizens . 
  though they have created enclaves . 
  they do n't have full access to the swedish labor market . 
  here 's where the `` racism '' part does enter , or at least discrimination . 
  the non-swedish youth do have the lowest ability , they lack the language and lack professional networks . 
  second generation immigrants do better . 
  there is a real shortage of jobs for young people in general . 
  what western country does n't have problems creating enough jobs ? 
  i do n't see these riots as evidence of anything other than a failed immigration policy ; too many , too fast . 
  they have have bent over backwards to accommodate immigrants . 
  the nigerians were already plenty active before the libyan conflict . 
  i do n't believe they needed any help in their senseless slaughter and bomb attacks . 
  they hardly needed them either . 
  the lighter `` tanks '' or rather armored all terrain vehicle , the erc 90 sagaie , they use are very good for this type of conflict . 
  fast and dangerous . 
  the enemy 's pickups are no match . 
  the leclerc or similar would have been too slow , resource demanding and ineffective . 
  the existing , permanent french bases in north africa have sagaie and apcs for that reason . 
  oh , and the older mirage jets for air support . 
  hehe , okay then . 
   greeks seem themselves as # 1 a mediterranean culture i think that 's the best label for you and other countries around the med . 
  truth be told the euro crisis and debt problems have once again drawn the line between northern and southern europe . 
  we have some things in common , your heritage is our foundation , but apart from that we can be very different . 
  the euro-med cooperation , sarkozy 's work , seems alien and unwelcome from where i sit up north . 
  i recognize the value of trade and development , it would be beneficial for both continents . 
  even reducing the number of economic migrants that cross the mediterranean every day . 
  for countries that have traded for millennia , i 'm sure it 's a lot less strange . 
  i do n't think you understand what 's happening in sweden at all ... 
   knows english very well ( shame on you western europe . . ) what 's your take on this bit ? 
  i thought we were talking about the philosophical and political reasoning behind immigration policies . 
  what you 're talking about is already proscribed by existing laws ; a matter for the justice system . 
  that 's not the moral quandary . 
  sorry , i did mean in primarily ethnic terms , but also culturally . 
  it 's our choice , is n't it ? 
  what non-citizens from foreign countries want is not our problem . 
   with the concept of eu citizenship automatically acquired by citizenship in any of the member states the individual member states ' citizenship laws are undermined . 
  this does not follow logically . 
  it does n't seem like it expresses what you in fact meant ? 
   maybe we should harmonize our citizenship laws ? 
  do n't you mean immigration policy ? 
   european countries are too strict on asian immigrants . 
  why should we be open at all ? 
  seems like a strange remark , considering many of us in western europe are related to each other - and are in the same language family as english ( germanic ) . 
   i think , culturally turks , armenians and greeks are not european . 
  interesting . 
  what 's your view of the ethnic lines ? 
  it strikes me as rather ironic that you posted this in r/europe / , and that your name is `` iwillgotosweden '' , hehe . 
  iranians ( persians ) and turks are after all very different peoples . 
  iranians have more in common with other caucasian peoples . 
  [ the turkic nations ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkic_council ) identify more with each other . 
   culturally armenia is closer to iran and turkey rather than europe . 
  no doubt , proximity will do that . 
  ethnically though they 're far from turkey , closer in some sense to other europeans/caucasians . 
   i think many people from europe takes being part of the europe as being christian . 
  or at least having been christian , or rather * not * overly religious today . 
  from what i 've seen turkey is only secular on top . 
  having just been to istanbul , it was n't too obvious . 
  knowing it 's the first christian country in the world helps a lot ... 
  even though i 'm not religious , you belong to our community in many ways . 
  i 'm afraid too many of my fellow citizens would rarely remember that you exist or that you 're european . 
  i consider you geographically european , but culturally i honestly do n't know the status quo . 
  so much has changed in western europe culturally over the last two centuries ; marriage , equality etc. 
  i love system of a down , and i know they 're armenians . 
  we also came from sweden ... we were one , until we left them . 
  first we talked , then we got all upset , it got a rise out of everyone , stakes were high , our forces massed on the border , cannons were loaded , it looked like it was going to blow up - but then we kissed and made up !, 
  haha , i can only imagine the look on people 's faces when they see your photo ... , 
  i thought it was a classic fountain ; little boy peeing . 
  then again [ the most famous one is from belgium ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manneken_pis ),
