  sure , but will that bring dead people back ? 
  i 'm sure the attackers could bring power systems down if they wanted to . 
  that 's a real danger in most countries , hard to cure without hardening and money . 
  it 's * literally * an act of war now : http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/01/us/politics/01cyber.html, 
   `` where do we draw the line argument '' is bullshit yes , but you 're still confusing the moral/ethical judgement with the legal and political question . 
  the solution is not that easy to find ( or write in law considering civil liberties ) . 
   jewish people who want to do that can go to their corner of the dirt hole , israel . 
  really ? 
  that 's your attitude in 2013 ? 
  jewish europeans are not foreigners or citizens of israel . 
  you have a funny mix of attitudes . 
  i 'm afraid you did n't quite get my joke then ... ( see uk ), 
  bah , that 's not really the point of an invasion , is it ? 
  power and control is the objective and measurement . 
  what if power or other systems were shutdown at a hospital , old people 's home or something similar ? 
  people could die then . 
  this was possibly just a measured response meant to show power - more than harm . 
  actually , russia just changed * the method * of invading , so i would tend to disagree . 
  `` cyberattacks on estonia refers to a series of cyber attacks that began 27 april 2007 and swamped websites of estonian organizations , including estonian parliament , banks , ministries , newspapers and broadcasters , amid the country 's row with russia about the relocation of the bronze soldier of tallinn , an elaborate soviet-era grave marker , as well as war graves in tallinn . '', 
  yeah , but would you want to live in those other places ? 
  i mean if you can choose and want security and easy access to flights and transport ? 
  i 'd rather live in germany than romania ; there is a price to pay - but it 's worth it . 
  better prices , better services and more on offer ( from culture to food ) . 
  ** cultural offers ** , not the country 's culture . 
  russia already has a few times , hehe . 
  sweden invaded . 
  denmark i guess too ( see tallinn , * taani-linn * means danish castle ) . 
  i can understand their frustration , but in reality it should n't have gone on this long . 
  there is clearly no way the eu is letting turkey in . 
  leaders of france and germany have expressed this . 
  why has n't turkey simply given up ? 
  just one ? 
  are you talking about the uk or greece ? 
  yes , that 's the only part though ... europe does n't extend to the border with iraq . 
  you 're quite silly !, 
  if you read what i wrote you would understand i 'm * not * arguing my personal views , only the implications and what others will have to contend with . 
  it 's a description of the situation and the many factors in the equation . 
  i 'm * listing * arguments . 
  now , if you do n't have any education or training in legal matters it often becomes very easy to say `` blah blah '' . 
  simple solutions for simple people . 
  once you have some insight into the matter you will understand the process and why it 's not that easy . 
  the fact that it involves jews/muslims only makes it worse and a political problem . 
  now , it 's suddenly not just about what 's logical or legal . 
   they can go back to an uncivilized dirt hole and do it there . 
  what about the jews ? 
  -- now , it 's my turn to say ; `` oh , you 're one of * those * people [ that ca n't read properly ] '' . 
   i think we should n't allow procedures that are 1 ) medically unjustifiable and b ) either risky or irreversible . 
  oh , i agree , but this is the problem . 
  our view is not shared and the religious demand their rights . 
  while you and i agree it 's fairly unimportant , to them it 's a matter of culture . 
   doctors should simply refuse to carry out such procedures . 
  yes , and we face either accusations of discrimination , lack of freedoms or indeed repression of ethnic/religious groups ( ! ), 
  now , this is not good either way , but many solve this issue by going abroad or doing it illegally . 
  there are cases of amateurs traveling around in scandinavia doing it for muslim families , sometimes causing harm to the child they `` treat '' . 
  this is not good either , perhaps legal access is better than permanent damage to a child ? 
   the nature of parents ' motivations , whether religious or otherwise , is irrelevant . 
  we may think so , but it 's not the case unfortunately in terms of law . 
  we have many conventions that require us to respect minorities , religions and practises . 
  from the echr to un conventions . 
  this includes germany , poland and indeed the whole eu . 
   i think suspending parents ' legal guardianship is a pretty drastic step and should be reserved for stuff that 's more black-and-white than this . 
  yes , it 's probably why we will have to allow it , but not do it at public hospitals ( or for free ) . 
  hehe , yeah , but it 's a very organized piece of work . 
  then again we also had the hansa here , in bergen and other towns . 
  german professionals were imported to manage our industries . 
  so we ended up importing and using your already established system of laws . 
  even stockholm in sweden was founded by german traders . 
  i remember reading that the japanese government sent representatives that traveled around the world and visited every major european civilization . 
  they investigated and researched what could be of use and interest to them . 
  they found many useful technologies/features in germany , the bgb was one of those items they adopted . 
  at one point they had french military representatives helping them , later i believe they chose to replace them with german officers . 
  from what i understand there were many german partnerships/corporations in china prior to wwii , but with the war came a shift in alliances . 
  we basically copied the bgb here in scandinavia , hehe , 
  yes , it 's hardly easy to decide where the line should be drawn . 
  the problem is further complicated by age old `` traditions '' such as these . 
  are we infringing on the parents rights ( religious ) by applying modern standards to what looks like `` mutilation '' to us ? 
  this is no clear cut case in terms of law or ethics . 
  the fact that it touches both jewish and muslim citizens is another fact we ca n't easily dismiss . 
  both groups have real worries about their past and future status in our societies . 
  i studied law and ex.phil / fac . 
  at uni in oslo , and this case makes me think long and hard about my own political views and libertarian streak . 
  our constitution and human rights law ( * menneskerettsloven * ) gives the european convention on human rights an important role in our legal system and society . 
  whatever the germans decide will also ultimately come under the scrutiny of the echr . 
  well , that 's at the very heart of this case . 
  when or why should parents not have the right to decide ? 
  it 's their child and the little person is not a legally independent subject yet . 
  in some extreme cases religiously inclined parents will refuse treatment for their child . 
  do we force treatment on their child if it will save him/her ? 
  or is it a matter of religious freedom ? 
  do we make lists with exceptions ? 
  or general guardianship ? 
  that is also true , i believe tanning salons are forbidden from selling their services to underage people . 
  the same applies to alcohol in norway . 
  - these are * products/services * that are offered commercially . 
  the danger is much more clear and certain when it comes to cancer and alcohol related damage . 
  it 's a matter of risk/age . 
  - removing the foreskin is a * religious issue * , a matter of freedom and rights . 
  it is also nowhere near as dangerous in theory , extreme exceptions and accidents notwithstanding . 
  the difference is strikingly clear . 
  restricting trade is one thing , restricting freedoms another .
