  i 'd seriously like to know . 
   insuring that companies like airbus know that it is ( slightly ) harder for industrial secrets to be taken . 
  it 's always easier to just pay some employee with access anyway . 
  it must be very hard to determine the correct name for these maps . 
  i mean with all the colors , it can be confusing ; after all it 's a map of europe , but only data for the eu member states . 
   we do this all the time in society , from natural disasters to structural collapses to military operations . 
  even then we do n't do it if the police/military say it 's too risky . 
  we do n't send people to be slaughtered in armed conflict any longer . 
  we do n't allow civilians to undertake dangerous , unnecessary recovery missions . 
   a business needs high moral yeah , but exactly what * business * is this club for hobby divers in ? 
  it 's just a hobby . 
  i sort of doubt you can make a good argument for maintaining morale , in a club , that 's worth risking people 's lives over . 
  especially if the recovery team * had * screwed up and needed help themselves ... 
   they have the time and resources to calculate every decision and make sure they are completely equipped with everything they could need when certified experts say do n't attempt it ? 
   honestly , if anything this shows that the finish team was underestimated . 
  or it could be that they risked everything and were more than lucky . 
  if they had died as well , this would have looked a lot different ... 
  despite other foreign experts advising against it ? 
  despite the local legal authorities banning it ? 
  it 's `` short-sighted '' ? 
  i expect the norwegian police will consider punishing the recovery team for the risky business . 
  especially , since they 're foreign tourists . 
  also , what morale ? 
  this is n't a war , they 're hobby divers . 
   british expert team considered the recovery of the bodies impossible due to the lack of space in the cave system at that depth . 
  i think that speaks volumes ... 
  the experts said do n't , the norwegian authorities listened . 
  the norwegian police will probably punish the recovery team ; you do n't want this kind of thing to happen again - what if the next recovery party dies despite police orders to stay out !, 
   at least church wo n't throw me in jail for thinking for myself . 
  it was n't long ago the church did * exactly * that or worse ( death ) . 
  we have made huge new finds lately ( oil & gas ) . 
  three major finds by int ' l standards , if i remember correctly . 
  they 'll be coming online in the coming decades [ depending on cost-benefit analysis ] . 
  we 're always up for more customers and we 're closer ( pipes and lng ships ) . 
  lithuania is buying lng supplies from norway . 
  we 're happy to supply you guys as well !, 
   http://www.baltic-course.com/eng/energy/?doc=51986, 
  it sucks that swedish incerators underbid our own , just as new plants . 
  a lot of norwegian trash goes to sweden because it 's cheaper to burn there ... 
  instead we both buy trash from abroad !, 
  gas is cleaner than coal ( see germany ) . 
  there 's also [ the co2 storage option . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carbon_capture_and_storage ), 
  actually they 're just taking a delivery from france this month  http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/463161/ukraine-french-built-ship-for-russian-navy-sets-sail-as-leaders-meet-in-paris, 
  long term supply contracts and physical pipelines do n't vary much ? 
  like this item illustrates : http://news.sky.com/story/1084341/uk-gas-hit-as-norway-pipeline-supply-cut, 
  net exporter ? 
  we do n't use gas at all  we 're 99 % hydropowered and have been for the last century . 
   do n't know if you 'd call them something different in the continentland well , technically we would n't call them either as english is n't our native language  in my language it 's literally `` children-wagon '' ; available in many forms such as sports , combi and duo etc. 
   apparently it 's actually quite common overseas . 
  yes , up here in scandinavia it is very common . 
  my brothers and i all slept outside at one point in our prams . 
  we firmly believe that babies sleep better outside in the [ relative ] cold , but we do n't leave them out there below certain temperatures . 
  the immune system benefits from the exposure , according to clinical research as well . 
  [ we also love our forest/nature kindergartens ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8bqisotsce ) that involve simply staying outside no matter what the weather . 
  i 've read that children in some countries abroad often suffer from immunodeficiency simply because they do n't build up any resistance . 
  in these times knowing the kgb is exactly what nato needs , 
  thanks , a bit more action than here . 
   in this situation i think you would agree with me , not leaving your 3-year-old kid , alone , at night , in a foreign country , yes , absolutely !, 
  i just wanted to point out that perhaps in other cases it 's not so clear-cut . 
  leaving your children alone is strange , but not if they 're above a certain age . 
  this specific case is a bit strange in general . 
  i should perhaps have specified more clearly . 
  i 've been left alone at home since the age of 7 or so , walked to school and home again . 
  i did get to walk around on my own in spain on holiday as a young boy (  7 ) , but that was more around the hotel etc. 
  sorry , but i clearly said in `` our neighborhood '' , not when on holiday in a foreign country  i tried to say that we might have different standards , even if i do n't agree with the mccann 's way of doing it . 
   a man who tried to help his family that were being robbed was killed . 
  details ? 
   only one is kidnapped i 'm sorry , but i see other logical explanations for that . 
  why would a single kidnapper take more than one child ? 
  would n't it both be * impractical * and more suspicious on the streets ? 
  even if you drug them and carried them to a nearby car , it 's not like carrying two bottles of coke either ? 
   i do n't know how is it in other countries , but we do n't leave our children unattended . 
  is n't there a danger that you 're applying your own norms to other countries/cultures ? 
  i 'm sure you realize that your own standards are not the ultimate/superior just because they 're what you 're used to . 
  edit : though i do n't agree with the mccann 's either , as they left very young children ... where i live children above a certain age are free to roam outside during the day with very little supervision . 
  we play ( ed ) outside in our neighborhoods , villages and forests ; be it summer or winter . 
  we 've had one ( 1 ) child go missing , in the whole country , in the last four decades . 
  thank you for taking the time , 
  yeah , but i think you 're using very controversial terms to describe it . 
  if you called it `` discriminating '' or `` nationalist '' i would * not * have objected . 
  in my opinion , since the danish system only cares about your citizenship and applies regardless of race , it really should n't be characterized as `` racist '' without more evidence . 
  if you starting using such terms liberally you risk inflation ... 
  i also understand your point , it really is clear from a legal perspective . 
  i 'm not danish , but i 've studied law and eu legislation , and i believe they have no choice but to redesign their system . 
   the asian hornet has arrived in porto . 
  that sounds really bad for the iberian peninsula . 
  it 's not like you needed more problems . 
   an apartheid system that 's a bit strong !, 
  you 're comparing it with a ** race ** based system !, 
   our king received multiple fines for speeding in france , only because the french police sends him fines from all cars with belgian plates that start with 1 ... 
  so funny !, 
  i remember our king was caught speeding a few years ago , when he drove himself . 
  he has legal immunity . 
  thanks for the hungarian news , i really appreciate your efforts , 
   they do n't function the same way as a united force . 
  we do use the same [ european ] nato command structure and work together just fine like that ... we conduct regular multi-national exercises in different theatres . 
  lately we 've had a multi-year , shared mission off the coast of somalia . 
  no , really . 
  i love much of what the us has given the world .
