  yes , for the foreseeable future there 's nothing more to gain . 
  the one positive thing we have gained from the eu/eea is a flexible workforce ; the europeans that have functioned as a source of cheap labor or skilled labor we lacked in sufficient quantity ourselves . 
  the ship building and offshore industry , especially its permanent norwegian staff , have enjoyed the ability to rapidly scale up and down . 
  the current low conjuncture has lead to thousands of lost jobs , but most of those were foreign workers that returned home . 
  you 're sort of going for the third alternative in a binary question/answer pair , hehe . 
  i mean not using oil at all is n't an answer to the question , but it 's probably the * best * choice for our environment . 
  yes , that 's true , but i meant your choice is likely influenced by your native language , 
  that 's not an applicable choice , in this context , it 's an * alternative * to oil-based plastics . 
  the question was : `` are there better ways of using oil than to burn it ? '', 
  we 're negative towards many aspects of the eu ; its lack of democracy , losing our sovereignty and identity , becoming a minor piece of a large puzzle . 
  yet we continue to accept all legislation from the eu because of the eea . 
  the eu itself seems functional , but hardly perfect . 
  i personally appreciate the infrastructure investment and help the eu gives to the poorest members . 
  a good way to level the playing field and help fellow europeans . 
  for my own nation to join would require a miracle !, 
  we 've historically rejected the eu twice in referendums , but we 've never been more negative than today ( polls ) . 
  the euro crisis is obviously to blame . 
  we are particularly concerned with the negative effects of joining on our agriculture , fisheries and offshore industry . 
  as long as they 're human , they 'll react the same way . 
  most people are fine with foreigners , some react with hatred . 
  it 's built in and natural ( xenophobia ) . 
  our tribal nature is to blame . 
   i had that kind of situation in spain that does explain it though , they probably meet far more russians than poles . 
  they have plenty of romanians doing `` plumbing ''  i believe the spanish have experienced enough russian tourists to build up an aversion ... 
  yeah , but it 's `` tschechien '' in german , it 's `` tsjekkia '' in norwegian , 
  austrian german is perfectly understandable in my limited experience . 
  swiss german is very different . 
  at least my high school german classes made that stick . 
  i 've only been to switzerland once and barely talked with people who spoke schwyzerd\u00fctsch . 
   once you start talking swiss , everything is clear  so naughty !, 
  nothing is ever clear in swiss german :d, 
  why are n't you wearing lederhosen or a dirndl ? 
  well , most people have a hard time understanding that `` the fall '' is set in the uk ... 
  where though ? 
  i mean i can tell polish apart from russian quite easily . 
  ( cheating : i had russian in school ) . 
   republic of ireland is n't your country officially called just `` ireland '' , according to your constitution ? 
  do you have african migrants in bosnia ? 
  oh , wait , you 're talking about soldiers , are n't you ? 
  you 're lucky , i frequently get ads on the internet in dutch !, 
  because apparently my browser 's language setting `` no '' is very similar to `` nl '' ... ea has no clue . 
   name the capitols of 5 us states really ? 
  i hope you meant capitals and not capitols . 
  i suppose you could have learned about [ these us capitol buildings . 
  ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/list_of_state_capitols_in_the_united_states ), 
  where did you get such strange replies ? 
  outside of europe ? 
  his tooltip says `` german empire '' though , 
   the czech republic or czechia . 
  they tried making `` czechia '' popular , but as some czech told me here they stopped trying . 
  `` where 's [ the capitol [ building ] ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/united_states_capitol ) ? '', 
  is n't it obvious that oil is better as plastics in tools and products ? 
  than simply energy ? 
  his name means : - thor bear - track or hunt [ wild game ] land, 
   he ca n't say `` allah is n't real '' then get shipped off the saudi arabia to be beheaded . 
  yeah , but saudi arabia and the oic are working hard to make blasphemy and `` insults '' to religion illegal around the world ... 
  i 'm more surprised turkey was finally allowed . 
  the publication for verdicts ( norsk retstidende ) does n't contain names . 
  i have never needed to request papers for a criminal case myself . 
   which in turn should have an effect on the party about 20 years from now when those people were supposed to have influential positions . 
  ah , fair points . 
  we ca n't know how important these people could have become for the party , many were simply members of varying backgrounds ( varying age , membership length , dedication , geographical location ) . 
  these were not * necessarily * the best minds of the party that died ; if nothing had happened in 2011 they might have simply dropped out over time . 
  university , life and jobs tends to take over . 
  as the youth party is a huge tract , the refinement and investment had n't really begun - they were raw materials . 
  natural replacement occurs pretty quickly when there 's a vacuum . 
  i do n't think we 'll notice any absence in 20 years time . 
  the organization is as strong as ever , which is what matters most . 
  hmm , no , but i remember [ les mondes engloutis !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrfsmlupxlo ) it was broadcast in french here in norway . 
  i even own a new issue dvd , 
  yeah , it probably is from what i hear , but you would benefit even more from living abroad , 
  hehe , probably , you can try your luck by posting it on our craigslist ( http://www.finn.no ), 
  you sound like a nice guy , i like you , 
  it 's a huge industry here ; second hand imports from germany and the us . 
  mostly german luxury brands of course . 
  classic mercedes ' from california in good condition are nice and cheap for us . 
  i will note that it 's not the biggest group of people . 
  i 'm going to guess that the vw or bmw owners club have more members . 
  that 's fair , we do n't all feel as connected . 
  you know it will probably change if you go abroad ? 
  yep , we 've done similar trials before . 
  interestingly , one leading expert says , in the article below , that its especially important for our democracy that young people get to vote . 
  as the population ages more and more , it 's particularly important that young people get a fair ( er ) share of the vote so that their interests will also be considered . 
  i 'm not so sure what you have mind ? 
  the long term effects will take its toll on the survivors , but beyond that i do n't see any reason for society to change . 
  we 're mostly worried about terrorism from abroad now . 
  it 's a matter of public debate how long the police will be allowed to carry weapons ( temporary permit ) , as they 're only carrying them due to the recent foreign islamic terrorist threats . 
  we 're not giving up on our unarmed police . 
  hmm , not as such in norway , as far as i know . 
  i studied law . 
  you can request your own record and present if needed . 
  some professions require a clean record , but few employers have access to any of that . 
   we have many somali , pakistani , indian , syrian , asian , and african immigrants and refugees . 
  eh , yeah , so do i next door . 
   we are more receptive to immigrants yes , sure . 
  you 're receptive . 
   we are more receptive to immigrants than europeans are that 's such a general statement that it can never be true . 
  you 're talking about 50 countries and 700 million people . 
  how can you know or even begin to describe them ?
