  he deserves to be forgotten . 
  hopefully pakistan 's secret service/police will keep him . 
  i thought that was implied , it was also a non-lethal `` attack '' so he would n't get much punishment under norwegian law ... 
   giving the ep more power would solve people 's problems but would be scary for ministers and the people in the eu bureaucracy i 'm not sure i would want the ep to have power and be dominated by populist politicians from any country ... democracy is often `` tyranny of the masses '' , while that 's well and good in spirit , it does n't always lead to responsible government and financially prudent decisions . 
  it 's also much easier to convince people to reject the eu than to accept it . 
  it 's too easy to scare people with immigration threats . 
  especially now with the euro crisis/debt problems . 
  it may be shortsighted to leave the eu , but it can be very profitable for the uk in the short term ( 10-50 years ) . 
  i remember how my country voted to reject the eu in 1994 . 
  most businesses were pro-eu and the no-campaign still won quite easily . 
  they just played on people 's emotions ... 
  judging by the number of downvotes , i think our british friends disagree , hehe . 
  as you can see from my flair , i come from a `` something-in-between '' country , and cameron has already said our solution is not something he/they want . 
  we pay `` membership '' fees to the eu , but without a vote . 
  oh , i 've been to israel , it 's only natural that they have other viewpoints , but they have some really odd views !, 
  their media portrays the world in a very * different * way ... it 's a war mentality . 
  unless we 're 100 % for israel , we 're against them . 
  i was wondering when the people/companies that make serious money off trade with the eu would sound off ... 
  i would be worried too . 
  my family 's jewish . 
  israeli media and some organizations have claimed the same about norway . 
  we 're apparently also very `` anti-semitic '' . 
  i sometimes wonder if it serves israel better to deliberately tarnish our image - so that our support for a two state solution is undermined ? 
  i have read some seriously terrible articles in israeli newspapers . 
  a few years ago one of our citizens of pakistani heritage decide to shoot up the synagogue in oslo . 
  he left a few pock marks on a wall . 
  he was just a simple criminal at the time . 
  after that incident the police 's secret service followed him constantly . 
  now , i think he 's either fighting in syria against assad or captured in pakistan by the police . 
  the israeli ambassador at the time tried to use the incident , blamed our king for not showing up to show sympathy !, 
  you would think ambassadors knew that the king by law is n't allowed to interfere in politics . 
  innocent mistake or deliberate ploy ? 
  haha , that story is so amusing , if only that was the truth , my dear neighbor . 
  wow , i did n't know you were so grumpy , danes . 
  honestly , you did n't lose your claims due to a drunken politician . 
  could it be variations in how they calculate and report growth ? 
  yes , it would n't fit well with a culture trying to redefine itself and it 's language , after 500 years under denmark/sweden . 
  it was also a conflict between periphery and urban elites . 
  it was n't just bokm\u00e5l and nynorsk ( landsm\u00e5l ) either , we had samnorsk ( hybrid ) and riksm\u00e5l ( danish-norwegian ) . 
  there were also conservative or liberal branches within each . 
  regional dialects are still protected and promoted . 
  i 'm not sure , but i believe it might have been made up especially when radio was introduced . 
  it 's literally supposed to mean `` broadcasting '' . 
  it 's a very odd word even for norwegians , and rarely used outside of a tv/radio transmission context . 
  unlike sweden we have had several different factions and language standards `` fighting '' for dominance . 
  it was especially important to us back then that we avoided loanwords from english or french . 
  iceland does it still to a greater degree again . 
  our public broadcasting corporation , like your svt , is called nrk ( norsk rikskringkasting ) . 
  do you understand the word kringkasting , as in `` kaste omkring '' ? 
   unless the oil money dries up . 
  good thing 75 % of our national budget is financed by vat and income tax . 
  - the oil & gas revenue is directed to the swf , and we only allow ourselves 4 % return on the fund towards our budget . 
  - our offshore industry ( engineering , supply etc ) represents 25 % of our gdp ( 2011 ) . 
  the offshore engineering experience and technology we now have has enabled us to expand internationally . 
  statoil , our national energy champion , is active all over the world . 
  our engineering firms have the [ deep sea ] technology other countries need to extract their resources ; we have made huge finds for and brazil and several african countries . 
  the know-how and industry stays in norway even if the oil and gas ends . 
  we have made huge new finds lately so there 's still time . 
  it 's fairly typical with 150 nok and above for a takeout pizza . 
  that 's a plain and simple one . 
  my brother 's typical pizza with some toppings is easily 250 nok or more . 
  that 's just the pizza , nothing extra or delivery . 
  where are you staying ? 
  i 'm afraid the statistics do n't quite show the full picture . 
  norwegian salaries for professionals are far above the average mentioned . 
  wages of 700,000 nok is not uncommon in my circles . 
  many other europeans ( non-scandinavians ) working in norway earn far less than the average norwegian . 
  it 's thanks to them that we can continue with these prices and wages . 
  immigrants are even more likely to earn low wages . 
   50 % higher does not mean twice as high . 
  i suggest you re-read my claim : `` it 's not far from that '' . 
  it also * varies * from profession to profession , where some are in fact much higher than 50 % !, 
   you 've just stated that the average wage is about 14 % higher that was n't a real example of wages ( see '' * inaccurate * '' warning above it ) , that was currency exchange rates . 
  the link however did include examples of actual salaries . 
  every news article i 've read lately about norwegian prices for food , gas/petrol etc have claimed that norwegians do in fact have some of the lowest relative prices/salary . 
  google translated : '' * e24 has analyzed retail gasoline prices from 1930 to today ( 2012 ) and put it up against the nominal income , ie not adjusted for inflation . 
  we have seen how much of your income you have had to spend on buying 1,000 gallons of gasoline . 
  the result is that we have never used a smaller portion of our salary on petrol . 
  453,000 nok , was the average salary for all employees in norway in 2011 . 
  the number , ** statistics norway ** has just published , is based on a sample of more than 1.6 million employees . 
  * http://www.na24.no/article3365675.ece, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm sure we 'll vote for sweden in the esc as usual , 
  i 'm sure you do , just privately and silently  heck , we have to accept that norway is more like kuwait right now . 
  it 's a `` high octane '' economy driven by oil & gas income and the offshore industry ( engineering ) . 
  prices are high because people have lots of money and the currency is overvalued . 
  it 's great for norwegians , it looks strange to everyone else in normal economies . 
  it 's an artificial phase , but it 's great for us . 
  we 're high as a kite !, 
   the high prices can be harsh on his demographic ( young student ) . 
  that 's a rather strange argument since : - students are by definition low earners ; low on experience , lousy jobs . 
  it 's hard working and studying full time . 
  - student salaries are low , but in line with prices , otherwise working would n't be profitable . 
  - students get full loans and scholarships from the gov ' t adjusted for consumer price index increases . 
   he 's always talking about how he takes trips to sweden to get things on the cheap and how pricey things are . 
  yes , you can if you really like , but there 's no screaming need . 
  i 've been on a trip once . 
  i did n't need it when i studied in oslo . 
  we do like to moan in norway as well ... 
  i 'm sure most swedes know this , hehe .
