   more like eisenhower , is n't it ? 
  he did n't have a lot of hair or a beard , did he ? 
  uncle sam does . 
  eisenhower was clean shaven and almost bald . 
  [ see here ] ( http://i44.tinypic.com/512e50.jpg ), 
  france and germany are more friendly now , well until recently at least . 
  looks like uncle sam to me , despite the uniform . 
  look at the hair and beard , it looks nothing like any american president at the time . 
   eh , those figures are n't really relatable . 
  oh , i was just poking fun at our huge public sectors . 
  the problem is that even without the very obvious apples to oranges comparison , we employ far more people in our own administrations . 
  my danish friend ( op ) and i did n't have a huge problem with this . 
  the comment was two-fold . 
  the underlying point about the eu in reality having a relatively small workforce is also true [ for the size of the union and its tasks ] . 
   many states that join together under a treaty to achieve certain aims interestingly that was the original design of the us ... which rapidly evolved into the present federal state . 
  which i think is likely for any european state as well . 
   i think it is in the eu 's interests to hold off on any plans to encourage such a union given the instability of the union at the moment i do n't think there 's * any * disagreement out there about just that , hehe . 
  however if there was a major war , where europe was attacked from the `` outside '' , we might actually come together faster and tighter than anyone would have imagined . 
   i honestly would not be averse to that idea but at least a generation ( 40-50 years ) needs to pass before it is seriously worked towards . 
  at the very least . 
  even if people liked the idea it takes a long time to solidify support and make people comfortable . 
  i think it 's best done gradually , but increasingly faster . 
  i believe europe needs unity to become a more efficient and competitive economy . 
  trade is what creates wealth , we 're already deeply integrated , and we need to realize our place in the world economy has changed . 
  instead of desperately trying to keep our national champions alive , we should probably let market forces find the most efficient solution within europe . 
  german manufacturers are profitable , and british engineers already work for them . 
  why prop up factories artificially ? 
  at least in the us businesses can move to where the conditions are favorable , the resources and skills available . 
  our multiple currencies are both useful and challenges , so i 'm not sure where the uk , or my norway , is in that future . 
  * of course * they 're not , it 's a joke !, 
  you really went overboard on this one ... 
  terribly sorry , i was only going for easy illustrations ... 
  the point still stands . 
   english is not a consistent language tell that to my teachers . 
   the majority of people do n't want that . 
  who said the people get to decide ? 
   i 'm just joking of course . 
  you have to accept my premise ( federation ) , even if it 's disagreeable or unlikely , to debate the point . 
   that way we have democratic control of domestic policy through national governments and democratic control of the single market through the ep in other words ; the us federal gov ' t and its states , in a nutshell . 
  see their constitution 's commerce clause . 
   how some words are written ? 
  vocabulary , false friends and spelling ? 
  that 's off the top of my head . 
  ( examples : * bangers , fags and centre * ) we had to stick to * one * written standard , consistency was emphasized and for good reasons . 
  it 's as you said , there would have to be a dramatic shift . 
  i do however believe the parliament of any [ federal ] state should have the power - in conjunction with a cabinet of sorts . 
  if the eu becomes a true federal superstate , the power should lie with the people 's elected representatives . 
  hehe , yeah , i do n't even want to know the norwegian numbers ( ! ), 
  at least you danes have reformed your municipalities . 
  we 're still debating it ... 
  - denmark : [ 756.400 public sector workers ( 2011 ) ] ( http://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/offentlig_sektor ) - eu commission : [ 23.601 employees ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/civil_service/about/figures/index_en.htm ), 
   you were ignorant of problem of forced sterilizations continuing up until this year . 
  sorry , that 's a misunderstanding on your part . 
  i had heard about them , it just was n't relevant to my own country . 
  i had filed it away . 
  i naturally thought more about the * really * horrible period when we did terrible things to the mentally and physically handicapped . 
  that includes the poor `` lebensborn '' children in norway . 
   we should strive improve our countries to give future generations a better a society than we were given . 
  i ca n't help but agree with you there , hehe . 
   i am being a bit critical but i just found the thing a bit too sycophantic . 
  of course , you have the right to be critical , it just did n't seem logical to attack the past . 
  if i knew you were attacking that particular form of `` forced '' sterilization i would perhaps agree a little bit more with you . 
  as it stands i 'm not inclined to see them , the general eugenics and specific transgender sterilization , as equally horrible . 
  in norway students choose which version they want to use . 
  so it 's either british or american english . 
  our proximity to the uk has strong `` competition '' from the omnipresent and constant barrage of american pop culture . 
  it is virtually everywhere ; plastered on walls , signs and cars , it fills our broadcast media and stores . 
   it is hard to stereotype a nation of 350 million people . 
  where do you guys find 350 million ? 
  i often see americans on reddit claim that , but the us gov ' t says 315 million ... and counting . 
  okay , we 're not talking about the same `` forced sterilizations '' then ... 
  i was talking about the forced sterilizations done to people with mental handicaps etc. 
  i 'm not sure what op was talking about . 
  there is a difference between forced on the handicapped and forced-if-you-want-to-change-sex . 
  are you saying sweden still performs forced sterilizations ? 
  we stopped in norway at least , decades ago . 
  okay , do you usually refer to the long gone , past when describing your present state ? 
  - should ads for germany highlight their great beer and the holocaust ? 
  - does the us advertise it 's great cities with the segregation laws of the 50s - or perhaps slavery ? 
  - should russia 's reel include pogroms and gulags ? 
  it 's certainly valid to point out that we did have forced sterilizations , scandinavia has/had its faults , and it was wrong . 
  it brought us where we are , with strict laws against such abuses and injustices . 
  it depends on how much you feel we 're showing off ... 
  i do n't think it 's an accurate description . 
  it 's true that some people probably feel it , but i doubt they like our [ scandinavian ] politics either . 
  unbiased , i think not . 
   it would only happen if there was some sort of continent wide shift in politics sorry , i should have made the premise clear from the beginning . 
  i was n't talking about present day members or the current situation . 
  if the ep truly ran things in the eu , i believe it would quickly change . 
  i 'm afraid we would quickly see the blocks working more as political parties and sway under public pressure . 
  it 's difficult enough creating policies for such a wide range of countries as it is . 
  can you imagine them increasing taxes or reducing public services if their mep seats are on the line ? 
  that 's probably the only good thing about china 's situation , they can and do make though policy choices regardless of public opinion . 
  if they complete their transition they can always relinquish some power . 
  as an englishman you 're already supposed to have a more direct relationship with your mp . 
  how does that work in practice ? 
  do n't they get punished if their constituents suffer under gov ' t policy ? 
  are n't they always trying to fight for their own local issues ? 
  that 's fair , but often in conflict with larger reforms . 
  thanks , i could n't be bothered to mention his name .
