  above average , not equal though . 
  although it 's not actual * spending * , it 's done by using tax breaks . 
  the oecd report compared apples to oranges in that sense . 
  the article goes on to say :  you might say that a tax break is n't the same as a spending program . 
  you would be wrong . 
  tax breaks do not apply universally or equally for the citizens in question . 
  speaking of tax breaks :  european governments offer public childcare . 
  in the u.s. , we have child tax credits . 
  is n't it great to have the money to pay for a childcare professional !, 
  that market does n't actually work that well . 
  it 's either amateurs or expensive commercial facilities . 
  in the uk childcare is so expensive it 's often more profitable for the mother to stay at home ... 
  i 'd rather have the public childcare . 
  well , it appeared higher/different when i wrote it , i blame reddit . 
  still , one too many . 
   not helping either side would result in so many more civilian deaths , and years more conflict i 'm not even sure that 's true . 
  if we support the fsa , and the extremists among them , are we setting up a state that will commit atrocities in the name of religion for decades to come ? 
  is that the price for saving * some * lives now ? 
  - if western forces enter , destroy the regime , what happens to the alawites and christians ? 
  would the wahabist-jihadis attack nato peacekeeping forces afterwards ? 
  - if the assad regime remains in power , even in just parts , it would probably `` clean house '' and rape/kill their enemies . 
  so that 's no good . 
  - if the democratic elements of the fsa won , it could turn out well for everyone . 
  i doubt * that * will happen , the foreign and local `` extremists '' probably want a strict islamic republic . 
  as it stands neither group is gaining ground , but i believe the regime is consolidating and reinforcing its grip on key areas and cities . 
  if the conflict ended now , the native sunni population could possibly split away , the alawites keeping their part of the country . 
  the kurds were already more independent , and have always wanted their own country , as promised by the british ( before wwii ) . 
   yes , at this point in time the muslim brotherhood has been much less violently totalitarian yes , of course , they have n't had the chance yet to be that totalitarian government . 
  well , except in egypt , where the `` ex-mb '' president tried and failed to grab extended powers . 
   i 'd prefer it did n't , in both cases . 
  let me rephrase that , i do n't want it to reflect any religion , but i have to respect that they want something different . 
  it 's entirely reasonable that they want their religion and values to be represented . 
   you ca n't convert from islam , there are sexist inheritance laws , and more nonsense . 
  those are objectionable from a western/secular point of view , but it 's not our place to decide either . 
  those are quite `` acceptable '' from a muslim point of view . 
  i would n't accept them in europe , but i can see why those central tenets of islam would be put into law in an arab country . 
   there 's a difference between a powerless head of state technically , the cabinet ministers also had to be members of a christian church until last year . 
  the cabinet nominated bishops until 2012 . 
  the king is still head of state , and head of our armed forces , but that symbolic in reality . 
   i do n't support an intervention . 
  i just do n't think that assad 's totalitarian `` secular '' state is worth much more than a totalitarian theocratic state . 
  we are in agreement then , hehe . 
  i just favor the devil we know ... 
   not that syria under assad is actually secular anyway . 
  it 's still an islamic state pre-conflict syria was n't much of a theocracy . 
  assad comes from the socialist ba'ath party , as i 'm sure you know , not exactly the muslim brotherhood . 
  there is a difference between islamic state and an islamist one . 
  i live in a constitutionally christian kingdom , is my state automatically a theocracy ? 
  the head of state has to be christian , the church is official and so are the values of our lutheran religion . 
  syrians are muslim , their state should be allowed to reflect that . 
   i have no idea what western countries can/should be doing in this situation . 
  but i wo n't be relieved at all if assad wins . 
  yes , i 'm not saying either outcome is better , just that i do n't see why we should support any of them . 
  is n't it better that they find their own solutions ? 
  the west has done enough harm in the middle east , and we get nothing good from intervening . 
  yes . 
  though i admit , i rather meant that * those who do n't agree * with koleye and myself are likely overwhelmingly arabs or muslims . 
  those who see assad as bad , and claim the `` opposition '' is simply good . 
  i edited my statement to conform to this . 
  i would like to believe europeans in general do n't have this black/white image . 
   syria is a mess at the moment , with many factions within the rebels , ranging from those who want freedom and democracy , to al queda and far right extremists . 
  so many downvotes for daring to speak the truth about a conflict !, 
  i doubt many of those who downvoted you were without ties to the region or religion ( s ) . 
  europe should stay out of that mess , i ca n't see any good coming from of helping either side there . 
   i think it will come bite us in the ass . 
  maybe not literally * our * asses , but i think it will mean more suffering of various kinds for the syrian people ( s ) ; and possibly in the neighboring countries . 
  either way it 's not positive for humanity . 
  what rises from a brutal war ? 
   every day my respect for the eu lessens . 
  greece has a very different view of the eu than most other countries . 
  i 'm * not * saying it 's loved in every other european country . 
  still , the greek view is far from average . 
  i have some greek friends , it 's like we live on different worlds . 
  your media 's demonization of the eu and germany is understandable , but not objective reality from where i sit . 
   as both sides are pretty awful . 
  interestingly , you were `` heavily '' downvoted for speaking the objective truth [ from our point of view ] . 
  i believe those who disagree with us in europe , about the nature of both sides in this conflict , are people of arab descent , or religious muslims . 
  the most extreme of them want a `` religious '' state in syria . 
  while assad 's supporters , i.e. 
  some syrian expats , mourn the loss of their once stable country . 
  sweden has a huge minority of syrians , i wonder where they stand . 
  edit : clarification, 
   i am not sure what game the eu is trying to play but it will back-fire . 
  we have supported arab dictators too long . 
  it 's great to support democratic movements , but syria is more complex than libya . 
  i 'm afraid we risk making things even worse for decades to come . 
   assad is no friend of the west yes , but are the groups fighting in syria , including the fsa , actually * our * friends ? 
  i 've seen a few recent documentaries from within syria , * some * of the sunnis fighting assad 's troops are far from moderate muslims . 
  i would not support them , because the outcome might not be to our liking ( theocracy ) . 
  i do n't like assad , but he kept syria secular . 
  it 's reddit , always assume the worst , hehe . 
   more or less integrated into the society yeah , that 's the issue i was thinking of . 
  the same applies in every european country , just with more recent immigrants . 
  it 's a good sign when your country 's media is free to mock your leaders , 
  i 'm pretty sure barcelona & co are watching and dreaming , 
   it 's just that his name did n't need to be publicized to the rest of the country . 
  yeah , but i 'm pretty sure he gave his explicit permission for that to happen . 
  otherwise the newspapers and media would have stayed silent about the name . 
  i think he realized his name was ruined , so it 's better to be `` open '' and on the offensive . 
  that way he could create doubt and possibly survive politically .
