  the social-democratic ** labor ** movement came to power around this time ( 1928 ) . 
  they were deeply concerned with workers welfare . 
  yeah , i 've read about them and who does n't know about your prohibition era , 
  i was thinking about [ the dechristianisation of france during the french revolution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dechristianisation_of_france_during_the_french_revolution ) . 
  hey !, 
  the current female prime minister , erna solberg , likes to play games on various platforms ( phone , tablet , console and pc ) . 
  she 's well known for having publically expressed that [ she finds it relaxing to play games ] ( http://www.tv2.no/underholdning/sommertid/jernerna-er-hekta-paa-angry-birds-3536798.html ) such as pokemon , candy crush , angry birds , bloons tower defence , wordfeud and other games on iphone , playstation , wii and pc . 
  yeah , they should have used a swedish game like battlefield !, 
  ( [ made by dice.se ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ea_digital_illusions_ce ) ), 
  i assume we can `` blame '' the revolution ? 
  you ca n't even buy strong beer here without going to the state alcohol retail monopoly 's stores ... 
  i believe the point is to avoid noise and public intoxication , especially since people would otherwise have an excuse to party . 
  all stores are closed on sundays in my country , it 's not because we 're devout christians any longer . 
  we 've been debating allowing some stores to open , but that would diminish the amount of time retail workers get with their families and reduce the number of truly peaceful days we have for family time and other activities . 
  it 's pretty much the same as in sweden ; [ alcohol retail monopolies in the nordic countries . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcohol_monopoly ), 
  the `` cheap booze '' flowchart : - norwegians go to sweden/denmark - swedes go to denmark - danes go germany - germans go to poland - poles go to belarus this may or may not apply to all of the above countries and people depending on your personal experience , people living in border regions are more affected , and the products purchased vary . 
  yes , i know , the effect is more important than the initial figure . 
  still , that 's how it works in other countries as well ; german car companies for example generate a lot of activity for service providers and suppliers . 
  i ca n't disagree with anything you said . 
  however , it should be noted that oil & gas represented 25 % of our gdp in 2011 , 27 % in 2012 . 
  it 's very important to our economy , but we do have other industries . 
  while you have a point , nato itself is n't lead by any one country . 
  the us is the most powerful member country , but the organization 's actual leadership structure is multi-national and staffed by professionals . 
  the us ca n't dictate nato members to do their bidding ; they had to invoke the treaty to get support - but most members did so very willingly . 
  that 's the ugly `` political '' aspect to the mutual defence partnership . 
  iraq was n't a nato mission either ; canada , france , germany and turkey all rejected it . 
  that 's why bush had to call it a `` coalition of the willing '' . 
  at least the afghanistan mission was sanctioned by the un . 
  `` the international security assistance force ( isaf ) is a nato-led security mission in afghanistan that was established by the united nations security council in december 2001 by resolution 1386 , as envisaged by the bonn agreement . '', 
  it has more to do with the fact that finland was part of russia at one point , and that the russian would n't mind doing it again . 
  sweden was n't attacked during wwii , so they felt safe to continue as `` neutral '' . 
  despite norway and denmark also being `` neutral '' during wwii , it did n't stop nazi-germany from attacking us . 
   sweden and finland are exporters of manufactured goods while norway exports commodities . 
  it sounds like you 're saying we do n't export mfg goods at all . 
  see kongsberg automotive , ekornes , hexagon , aker , farstad , elkem , yara , etc. 
  sweden had a secret pact with nato during the cold war . 
  norway and sweden would mutually defend each other if needed . 
  they 're outside the control structure , but they have similar standards . 
  they take part in nato exercises in norway ( winter warfare ) ; when we hold multi-national exercises . 
  norway and sweden have entered into a joint purchasing partnership for weapons , not that it 's working well . 
  ok , at least he 's consistent , hehe . 
  your logic is not entirely clear . 
  - could berners-lee have created the first webpage without next , mach ( bsd ) or steve jobs ? 
  yes . 
  - does any of your arguments make berners-lee 's work derivative ? 
  does it make it any less british/european ? 
  nope . 
  - the first computers were european . 
  it does n't make the modern cpu european . 
  i would however suggest that the us and europe are interdependent and feed off each other . 
  yes , it 's a crutch to some degree . 
  would russia attack germany if the us left ? 
  i doubt it , it 's not the primary motive behind russia 's move in the crimea . 
  i imagine europe will increasingly work to replace nato with the eu 's own military . 
  the point we should remember is something i mentioned to another poster below . 
  europe and the us are hugely important to eachother and especially trade-wise . 
  the tpip agreement is nothing short of historic . 
  we 're part of one economy , separated by an ocean . 
  the us `` abandoning '' europe is unlikely due to our high degree of interdependence and mutual benefit . 
  politically , it pays to have friends , especially when your friends are better liked than you in certain regions . 
  yes , the us has looked inward , but you 're also trying to create the world 's biggest trade pact between europe and the us ( ! ), 
  we 're one economy separated by an ocean . 
  good point , i did n't bother to check . 
  oh , reddit , what are you coming to !, 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
   only through bullying was the us able to keep europe on it 's side ah , so you do agree that nato was clearly of benefit to the us and it 's hegemony in europe . 
  your desire to see nato dissolved is a bit strange ; like me wanting sweden to split up , 
   the main infrastructure was built in the us i find this argument a bit unclear in light of the distributed nature of the internet . 
  would you mind pointing out which part you 're referring to ? 
  the root name servers ? 
  the original network was a bit different from [ today 's map ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ee/root-current.svg/2000px-root-current.svg.png ), 
  interesting , a `` swede '' that 's pro-nato ? 
  i would argue that 's exactly the kind of projects that benefit more than the europeans it reaches . 
  like many countries the us is not only helping countries ; it 's building friends/allies , and more importantly markets . 
  it 's an investment . 
  european countries do the same . 
  i 'm not denying the positive aspects , but there 's clearly more than one party that 's benefiting . 
   most of those europeans ended up in california anyway absolutely . 
  i just wanted to point out that we were part of it , 
  exclusively ? 
  as in * only * for europe 's benefit ? 
  i doubt it !, 
  the us had as much to gain by keeping europe on their side during the cold war . 
  the us and europe are tightly interlinked economies especially now . 
  if they lost europe , where would the us have ended ? 
  would they have won against the russians ? 
  the key word was `` exclusively '' , otherwise you get all kinds of answers  even if the eurozone bailout was financed by the fed , which i dispute , that served us interest almost as much as europe 's !, 
  we 're bound together by all that trade . 
  nato is certainly in europe 's interest , but would you claim it 's * exclusively * so ? 
  the us protected europe as much to protect its market . 
  if the us lost europe to communism , who would fall next ? 
  i find it slightly amusing that you mentioned britain in the nato context . 
  are n't you cooperating with the french due to lacking a carrier etc ? 
  i intentionally did n't mention the web , i meant the original internet  most people have forgotten all about the french minitel network , thought it came late , it was commercially available for all long before the internet/web . 
  arpanet spread quickly , long before it became the `` internet '' . 
  the first node outside the us was in norway ( 1973 ) . 
  that 's less than four years after it was built . 
  it was created in the us , but do n't forget the many europeans involved in it or who 's ideas it was built upon . 
  can you point out something that the us pays for that benefits europeans exclusively ?
