  he 's asked again , what would the punishment be . 
  he says the punishment is death . 
  the true finns guy is in [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuj5dtqez7s ) video bringing up the death penalty in response to someone else saying that christians and conservatives in finland also have problems with homosexuality , saying that it 's completely different to personally disapprove or not advocate gay marriage than to advocate the death penalty for homosexuality . 
  i honestly ca n't see germany getting into action over finland . 
  then again , i ca n't really see any other country doing that either . 
  sweden can surely be relied on for aid and assistance , but not joining a conflict . 
  genes are a big part of why people care about ( extended ) families . 
  it extends to larger population groups . 
  it 's also pretty much a human universal . 
  you mean that the state does . 
  but that does n't mean there 's a subsidy . 
  usually money is supposed to flow from the company to the owners , not the other way around , right ? 
  of course finnair does n't pay a dividend , but there 's no subsidy . 
  they could have a stock issue , but that 's different . 
  why would you imagine that ? 
  no finn would have assumed finland to have the best healthcare system in europe in the first place . 
  you 'd almost think torture is coming back , the right to a fair trial is going to be scrapped and the uk is intending to become a slaver nation . 
  in reality , of course , the uk has led the way in these things , and echr has absolutely nothing to do with the continuance of them in the uk . 
  i do n't really know , i do n't particularly subscribe to the ideology . 
  my feeling is that it has to do with anti-racism on one hand ( `` if we have very few black people , it must be because we hate them '' ) and a kind of cosmopolitanism on the other ( `` we 're supposed to be a modern , international country , it 's really embarrassing if you never see black people on the street '' ) . 
  though it * is * kind of schizophrenic : the two main points are that people are all the same ( equality ) and that we must have representatives of lots of different groups in every situation ( diversity ) . 
  i think both of those things . 
  from what i 've seen and heard , swedes support third-world immigration quite strongly , and indeed view with great suspicion people who * do n't * support it . 
  much the same in finland actually , we 're just behind sweden , as we are in most developments . 
  in finland the argument apart from humanitarian reasons is often explicitly given as `` adding colour '' to our country . 
  it 's kind of like a programme of improving the nation by adding diversity . 
   it 's not like because of boredom these kids are not actually learning the material and getting behind even `` normal '' kids . 
  oh no , i did n't mean to say that . 
  i just meant that 90 % of school time was spent on not learning anything . 
   anything even remotely useful for society ( perhaps with the exception of music , indeed ) is learnt much , much later in life , at the university level . 
  it does n't have to be that way . 
  many remarkable people have started at a young age . 
  terence tao was doing university maths by age nine . 
   aside from having a very important role in giving the population a lowest-common-denominator education , is also the place where children learn equally important social and life skills i agree , and it 's important to design schools to accommodate both this and the different intellectual needs of different children . 
  i believe it can and should be done !, 
  we have one of the smaller african & middle eastern contingents in europe , which probably makes the school system 's job easier than it is in eg . 
  sweden , yeah . 
  there 's truth to what you 're saying , especially for the smart kids who really are happy with the way things are . 
  but i know many who really did n't learn what everyone is learning , because they 'd learnt it before , or very quickly - they were bored out of their minds , frustrated , had no sense of purpose , and were in many cases bullied for being different . 
  some kids do fine , especially if they have supportive parents , but many do n't . 
  also , i do n't really see why it 's ok to waste intellectual potential like this when children are supported in the pursuit of excellence in other ways : everyone knows that you have to take up an instrument at a young age if you want to play it really well , and kids who are into sports are often pushed and helped . 
  do we really want to waste human potential in the things that really matter ? 
  it actually * is * shit , just not in every way . 
  the finnish school system does absolutely nothing for gifted kids . 
  does n't even try . 
  egalitarianism is very big , and as a result , the gifted kids suffer and our top-level suffers . 
  we do a good job with the median student ( it certainly helps that we have an extremely undiverse population ) . 
  somehow i feel this is only going to lead to more mutual resentment down the line ... spain and italy in particular wo n't much enjoy lending to greece at a lower rate than they themselves are able to get . 
  and the greeks will end up resentful of their situation pretty much no matter what . 
  well , that 's not necessarily so . 
  i know the current usage of left-wing and right-wing is mostly che shirts and long hair vs. uniforms and short hair , but it 's undeniable that some parts of national socialism are essentially left-wing economic policies . 
  certainly the nazis were fervent anti-communists , so in that sense they were n't left-wing , but there are clear parallels between the new deal in the us and hitler 's economic policy in germany . 
  much of the rhetoric ( `` private ownership is good when it is employed for the common good '' ) is echoed in the social democracy of contemporary europe . 
  surely giving loans at better-than-market conditions is already equivalent to accepting a haircut ? 
  a market lender would n't do what the ecb is doing . 
  a market lender would n't do what european states are doing . 
  private investors have been forced/persuaded to take haircuts - sure , it 's not a gift from the eurozone , but it 's still pretty convenient to have a thousand-pound gorilla as a bully on your side . 
  as for `` they are paid back + interest '' - that remains to be seen . 
  it seems that the ecb is already preparing to inflate the whole thing away . 
  many assume that the loans wo n't be paid back in full with the original conditions , and in any case , there have already been haircuts and loans made at sub-market conditions , which is equivalent to giving a gift . 
  i do n't think either side in the debate is prepared to consistently use the words they really mean . 
  multiculturalism is n't really the question . 
  particulars concerning the cultures and people involved are . 
  there seems to be relatively wide agreement that some forms of multiculturalism are quite acceptable ( inter-european mixing , southeast asian influences , north american influences ( although some on the left hate it ) , south american influences ( although some on the right hate it ) - these are not really what people are talking about . 
  even kebab shops , ethiopian restaurants and hummus are n't an issue . 
  people are really talking about * people * and * politics * , not surface details of culture , and quite particular subsets of people . 
  usually about people from africa and the middle east , with complaints ranging from just their presence , to the belief that they 're given preferential treatment by european states , to the belief that they 're involved in violent crime , to the belief that they 're going to bring about deep cultural change by a kind of cultural aggression and sheer numbers . 
  one side needs to have the gumption to actually talk about this specifically , and the other needs to defend this specifically ( or perhaps freedom universally ) . 
  rhetorical arguments like `` do you want be like north korea ? '', 
  or `` why are you so afraid of different things ? '', 
  are n't really relevant . 
  for example , i 'm a second-generation immigrant in finland , have maintained another language and aspects of `` the other '' culture , and it 's absolutely not seen as negative , because the culture/population in question is not one of the ones people dislike . 
  i do n't think non-white is the right category here . 
  one of the earliest refugee groups in finland was the vietnamese who came after the war in vietnam - i 've heard very little animosity against them . 
  likewise , chinese , latin americans and indians mostly do ok . 
  when people complain , it 's usually about somalis , other africans , middle-easterners or roma . 
  people are downright prejudiced against those groups at this point . 
  practically no-one is opposed to immigration into finland in general . 
  certain kinds of immigration are unpopular , but that 's also true of more populated european countries . 
  ambulance attackers ? 
  can anyone explain this ? 
  i 've heard of the police having difficulties in `` certain areas '' , but why would anyone attack an ambulance ? 
  that 's what i thought at first as well , but there were a whole bunch of them , and wearing those safety vest thingies . 
  the schoolteacher ( ? ), 
  too horny to wait to have sex with the latin lover to get the kids back was a bit disturbing . 
   800.000  my brother 's wedding costed nearly that much and we ai n't even rich  confirms my suspicions that swedes are cheap  i 'm south european , does this confirm any stereotypes ? 
   -3 points master trolling !, 
  you mean good in a moral sense ? 
  i do n't know about that , but it seems to give effective results , at least compared to similar groups elsewhere . 
  i 'm not so sure it * is * bad . 
  the us is very different from europe , still , in its diversity . 
  if you separate , say , pisa scores in the us into the ethnic groups tracked in america - white , black , hispanic and asian - each of the groups do quite well compared to countries elsewhere with similar ethnic compositions . 
  asian americans outscore most asian countries , white americans outscore almost all european countries , hispanic americans do better than latin american countries and black americans are light years ahead of just about any majority black country in the world . 
  so really it 's something of a statistical artifact . 
  feels pretty badman to unwillingly pay for political advertising used on yourself . 
  it 's not really a fair comparison . 
  the discovery of the higgs boson was very much an international effort , with the us involved in terms of both funding and researchers . 
  nasa is a us effort . 
  to people downvoting this comment - do n't do that . 
  downvoting is n't for disagreeing , it 's for making uninteresting comments appear last .
