  this is an interesting comment . 
  good graph , it might be news to many europeans just how poor they are compared to americans . 
   let 's say that en masse , gypsies said `` we want to settle down and normalise - we 're serious . 
  we want to live , stay put , work and be civil . '', 
  i do n't know how such a disparate people would make a statement like that in the first place . 
  but i think that 's what they * do * say if you ask them . 
  newspaper reporters are always going around asking the roma from romania and bulgaria whether they 're looking for work and they say `` yes , of course , any work , but we ca n't find any , please give money '' - but when they follow up , trying to get them jobs , it does n't turn out well . 
  ask them whether they know anything about the burglaries and thefts of valuable construction metal ( copper ) , and they naturally deny knowing anything about it . 
  it 's a sad situation , but there 's no social engineering solution to it as far as i know . 
  people try to have as little as possible to do with the roma , except for social workers who are paid to deal with and exaggerate the problem . 
   but not a lot of stuff in dangerous for such a long term . 
  no matter what time period you 're looking at , there will be numerous dangers in it . 
   also i would ' t call radiation in groundwater fairly modest there * is * radiation in groundwater , waste or no waste . 
  it 's all about amounts . 
  finns are mostly exposed to radiation via naturally occurring [ radon gas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radon ) for instance - in some areas people have to have renovations done to their basements to prevent too much of it seeping into their breathing air . 
   how can you say something is safe that is dangerous for such a long time ? 
  it 's dangerous , but so is a lot of stuff . 
  the absolute amount of nuclear waste is pretty small . 
  even if it did leak , the damage in absolute terms would be fairly modest . 
   the main reason probably is that there are 4 big energy companies in germany which operate all nuclear and many other big plants and they do n't have a significant competition so they are just all happy with having high prices , especially as they all operate in different areas . 
  why is n't that enough for competition ? 
  in particular i 'd expect more competition to emerge when the prices are as high as they are . 
  there are n't even that many big energy companies in finland ( though there are a number of small ones ) . 
   i did n't find much , but it looks like the state will take care of the nuclear waste or at least pay for it which certainly is n't cheap . 
  actually the companies that run nuclear power plants are compelled to pay into a pooled fund that pays for dealing with waste . 
  according to [ energy.eu ] ( http://www.energy.eu/#domestic-elec ) , german households indeed pay a lot for electricity - $ 0.2781 / kwh , whereas france is at $ 0.1478 / kwh . 
  any idea why this is ? 
  are the french wasting a lot of money on subsidies ? 
  finland is at $ 0.1574 / kwh , and i do n't think we subsidize nuclear - though we do subsidize renewables considerably . 
  i think the effects of a basically free loan would ultimately be about the same as paying debt via monetary expansion . 
  you just could n't get the whole debt at anything like that discount . 
  once the ecb got into buying the whole amount , it would n't be able to get any discount for it . 
  also , bear in mind that greece really is pretty screwed even without debt . 
  even if it did n't have to make any debt payments , it would still have a huge deficit . 
  and debt to gdp is about to exceed 200 % . 
  greece does n't look like being able to politically deal with the burden . 
  that 's the current market price . 
  does n't mean all the debt is up for sale at that price . 
  that said , the ecb * has * been buying up cheap greek debt to some extent , and in the newest package european central banks agreed to eschew interest on their greek debt . 
  safes and guarding safes cost money , and safes are n't completely ... safe . 
  also a lot of money takes a lot of space . 
  one part of this is that you have to keep your money * somewhere * . 
  bank accounts are n't risk free , not for large amounts of money . 
  nor is anything else really . 
  so what does `` this subreddit has the european union flag and is clearly pro-european '' have to do with it ? 
  are n't you trying to argue that you do n't just partisanly vote/insult ? 
  and the comment  but this subreddit has the european union flag and is clearly pro-european . 
  this subreddit is flooded by anglos pseudo-trolling and insulting . 
  does n't qualify ? 
  what do you mean by shitposting ? 
  the point of voting is that there 's a very large volume of material , so you need a way to make the most interesting content appear first . 
  that 's all . 
  it 's not to punish people for being wrong . 
  so the only reason to downvote is reading something that has no relevance or you think most people reading the page would not be interested in reading . 
  yeah , inappropriate downvoting is a big problem here , probably the second worst i 've found after / r/politics . 
  i sometimes make comments ( in downvoted threads ) admonishing people not to signal disagreeing by downvoting , and that seems to sometimes make people reflect on it and refrain from downvoting ( and those comments of mine usually get some upvotes ) . 
  way less . 
  i thought it was interesting that as the commission recently made various queries to italy regarding the fulfillment of its savings goals ( the commission wanted eg . 
  plans about which state properties italy plans to sell ) , some general political points had `` slipped in '' as well . 
  one example was wanting to know about gender equality vis-a-vis extending the age of retirement . 
  the eu is full of this type of politicking , and a federal state would be absolutely swamped in the stuff . 
  to people downvoting this comment : downvoting is n't for disagreeing . 
  this is an interesting comment that 's being downvoted because people disagree with it . 
  please do n't do that . 
  downvoting is n't for disagreeing . 
  have n't you read harry potter ? 
  he-who-shall-not-be-named is more scary if you ca n't even say his name . 
  all but motive ? 
  the guy wrote/copypasted a thousand-page tome on his motive !, 
  to people downvoting this comment : downvoting is n't for disagreeing . 
  i 'm serious . 
  sure , mossad has done extralegal assassinations of its enemies , but it does n't take violent , petty revenge on a peaceful faraway nation for political reasons . 
  compared to the probability of islamic terrorism ( which also is looking unlikely at this time ) , it 's next to impossible . 
  that seems completely absurd . 
  when has mossad been known to do something like this ? 
  terrifying news . 
  my consolations to any norwegian redditors . 
  consider having some of your savings in tangible and value-producing things , like stocks or real estate funds . 
  they 'll generally keep on being valuable . 
  maybe my word was too incendiary . 
  i view regulations and taxes as a form of coercion . 
  we can argue over how much of it is necessary , but it seems clear that at least in finland 's case the eu represents an increase of the type of public coercion/brutality/whatever we already had before , but more locally . 
  the eu has legislated and judged ( via the european court of justice ) on a broad range of topics , typically making it illegal for people to freely agree to do something - make a particular kind of pension contract , sell a particular kind of baked fish casserole without refrigeration , what have you . 
  i view that as meddling in the affairs of free people , always enforced ultimately via some form of violence . 
  currently the eu is considering gender quotas for management positions in businesses . 
  that 's a good example of the sort of thing i find intolerable about the idea of a more powerful eu . 
  the sheer amount of legislation on a staggering range of topics such as hygiene standards for prepared food , data retention for telecommunications or accounting practices for financial transactions is impossible for anyone to take into consideration - and almost any such law forbids , punishes or taxes some free and willing interaction between customer and business or employer and employee . 
  every nation has its specific horror stories of some impractical and misunderstood regulation that must be battled over in the european parliament . 
  that said , i do agree with you that europe has become freer with free movement of goods , people and capital . 
  i just want the maximum of the good with a minimum of the bad . 
   anyway , the thing with the eu is that nations can leave it whenever they choose . 
  well , the topic is of a federal european nation , which i suspect would be a rather different arrangement . 
  but in general , i agree with this statement . 
   it takes the people of the eu to change it by writing to their national ( and eu ) politicians which suggests that perhaps this democratic deficit is more illusory than anything else this is a positive sentiment and i commend you for it , but alas i 'm afraid i 'm too cynical to believe that such a path is going to secure liberty for europeans . 
   the economist is only ok ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious as to what you would say is better . 
  and i do n't expect you to agree with me after only reading a few articles from the economist , but what you 'd written suggested to me a lack of depth in understanding the eu more than anything else , or perhaps a view biased by national media . 
  i do n't know is anything radically better . 
  i think a publication being `` ok '' is pretty high praise !, 
  if you 're interested , i 've most recently been reading the spectator ( a somewhat conservative british weekly ) , suomen kuvalehti ( a finnish mainstream weekly ) and le monde ( a french newspaper ) .
