  and compared to sweden , it is !, 
  we do n't have centuries-old capital or a prominent place in the world . 
  we want to be close to the big boys , in the hope that they 'll protect us from the scary economic turmoil of the wider world , and of course from our magnificent friendship to the east . 
  that said , i personally think finland could do pretty well with `` just '' the free trade part of the eu , and have independence from eu waste and control . 
  at least economically . 
  though this was only for council tax , which is a relatively small part of the total tax burden . 
  but yes , did n't go over well . 
  i wo n't go into details , but this type of analysis is n't sufficiently sophisticated . 
  controlling for some demographic variables , there 's not that much difference between the us and other affluent western countries . 
  obama . 
  it 'll come back when there 's a republican president . 
  i do n't know about `` describing reality '' , but you 're correct that the comment is n't really about a racial group , but about his interlocutors . 
  it 's a matter of semantics at this point , really . 
  most people probably would say having an opinion like that is racist . 
  as for myself , i really do n't know , but i do n't consider it to be morally repugnant or anything to have that aesthetic preference . 
  though i can see how it comes across rather belligerent to people on a thread like that . 
  people certainly seem to be very interested in it , so it would seem like something a newspaper would normally be interested in reporting . 
  i guess it has to do with crime statistics , or people 's perception of them . 
  okay , those are more like what i guess op has in mind . 
  though for whatever reason , i 'd be more inclined to say `` the problem with these posts is that they 're hateful / abusive / stupid '' than that they 're racist . 
  but i agree that they foul up the place . 
  however , as long as they 're `` just there '' and not taking over all the comments , i think the voting mechanism is sufficient to deal with it . 
  i do n't know why some people get the feeling that / r/europe is completely out of control or `` like stormfront '' , when to me it seems mostly like a pretty reasonable place , considering it 's on the internet . 
  it 's like the cognitive mismatch i have with / r/shitredditsays - i 'm not entirely unsympathetic to their concerns , but in practice they seem to be completely divorced from reality . 
  i looked at those threads , the toplevel comments did n't seem `` out of control '' to me . 
  the uk census one : 1 . comment : joke 2 . comment : `` i have no problem with them living and working in the uk . '', 
  op complaining about racism in thread 4 . 
  `` i love multicultural london '' 5 . 
  `` this is obvious , not news '' 6 . 
  `` do n't care '' and at 7 , the first comment i suppose someone could construe as racist , `` these explains my last visit to the uk i thought i had landed in india when i was at the airport . '', 
  in the linesman death one , the top comment is a veiled suspicion that the youths responsible are of an immigrant background and that the dutch press is not publicising that . 
  this turns out to be true . 
  i get the feeling that the `` anti-racist '' segment is getting a bit oversensitive about this . 
  no way those threads are ruined , you 're just finding some comments there you do n't approve of . 
   another thing , the ceo of the american division of tine ( our dairy near-monopoly ) has several times begged his norwegian owners to allow production of jarlsberg in the us with american milk and wages , which would earn tine a lot better profits . 
  tine refuses as it 's purpose it to employ norwegian farmers . 
  at least according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jarlsberg_cheese ) , this is n't the case anymore :  jarlsberg is produced in the united states on license at alpine cheese in ohio , and by dairygold in ireland . 
  they say it 's because finland is more likely to grant asylum to them than other countries . 
  just fyi , finland actually has been getting a rather large influx of asylum seekers lately , they just have n't been syrians , but mostly iraqis , somalis and afghans . 
   let as many economic migrants in my bedroom as you want great , is two million okay ? 
  i never said anything about mongols . 
  do you speak finnish ? 
  here 's a pretty good one http://savotta.helsinki.fi/halvi/tiedotus/lehti.nsf/e1e392ad852e72f5c225680000404fa8/df6cc288ea17aabac22574eb0032b9e4?opendocument edit : found the original english study , http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0003519, 
  there * is * a pretty clear west-east divide in finland genetically , and there definitely are popular opinions about stereotyped appearances concerning the sweden-influenced west vs. the east . 
   but anyway , enough of language nerdiness . 
  as a slight language nerd , i found the whole thread interesting and learnt several things , thanks !, 
  true , but not all agricultural subsidies are eu subsidies ( some are national , and some of that food then gets exported ) and a lot of food is imported from outside the eu . 
  i get the point that food is heavily subsidised everywhere , but that 's still a far cry from it being 100 % socialised . 
  it 's still privately owned and operated . 
  ok , good point , but a lot of the food in shops * is * either unsubsidised by the consumer population or unsubsidised altogether . 
   terms and conditions apply : not `` the right thing '' when dealing with food , water , energy , healthcare , education and several other fundamental goods and services . 
  i think food is delivered almost exclusively via the market in europe , except food aid for very poor people and food in schools in some or most countries . 
  hard to imagine people wanting their grocery stores being socialised . 
  ditto energy , although there are many regulations , of course . 
  and bless them with diversity ? 
  well , depends on what you mean by very small . 
  in 2014 it was almost a billion euros , close to 2 % of the budget . 
  more than everything spent in the ministry of justice . 
  more than everything spent on policing . 
  well over a third of what was spent on defense . 
  it 's certainly not nothing . 
   muslims do n't want to fight against people in their own home countries of course , the theory goes that the uk * is * their home country . 
  well , technically , finland only entered the war when the soviet union started a bombing campaign . 
  there were german troops in finland by that time though . 
  hang on , when you censor a segment of the community you do n't get to accuse them of just wanting to `` jerk '' . 
  if anything , that 's what * you 're * wanting to do . 
  i 'm not saying there ca n't be good reasons for censoring , but it 's mainly useful in limited , specific subs - not one for 500 million europeans . 
  these rules represent the mods putting themselves above the community . 
  i would understand it if this were / r/shiteuropesays , but a broad geographic community like this should be more open . 
  you 're just not noticing the moderation . 
  i had a pretty popular thread removed for racism . 
  finland : 30 % , increasing to 33 % on income exceeding 30 000 euros . 
  reinfeldt wo n't be happy about this . 
  there 's still plenty of empty space in sweden . 
  that would n't make a lot of sense for companies . 
  they have many owners with different shares in the company and different individual income levels . 
  so could we substitute `` a more american type of civilization/culture '' for `` a more modern type of civilization/culture '' in your post ? 
   a more modern type of civilization/culture how do you know it 's more modern ? 
  which places in the world today are more like that than europe ? 
   individual variation between two individuals of the same group is far greater than any amount of average variation between two races . 
  you can say the same about a lot of meaningful things . 
  for example , sex and height . 
  there 's more variation between individual men and women than between the averages of men and women , but that hardly makes sex and height unrelated . 
  varoufakis is a smart and funny guy , but he enjoys slagging everyone else off a bit too much . 
  thanks a lot for doing these , i really appreciated it . 
  you forgot to supply an argument . 
  please , take it - unfortunately the \u00c5landers seem to be happy with the status quo . 
  okay , i did n't realise the jassms would n't be fittable to other jets . 
  in fact i think i think a saab representative said somewhere that they could be fitted , but of course one does n't know would the jassms themselves be available to us in that scenario . . 
   considering the finns currently have the ability to strike deep within russia really ? 
  i figured russian air defenses would be too advanced to permit that . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvm4_h66upi ) is a section of that program ( i think ) . 
  no subtitles , but in the first part they ask the studio whether sharia should be instituted as law in finland . 
  then they ask about the stance of islam on homosexuality . 
  the young guy answering is an imam . 
  he says that homosexuality is a moral evil in islam , just like adultery or incest . 
  then he 's asked what would happen with homosexuality under sharia . 
  he just says homosexuality would not be allowed . 
  then he 's asked what would the punishment be . 
  he says that it would only be punished if the homosexual act were witnessed by 4 witnesses , so in practice it would probably not be punished very often .
