  are you saying there are n't any patterns to human behaviour at all , or just not when immigration is involved ? 
  i agree that a lot of the difficulty in assimilating is due to native attitudes , but that does n't mean it is n't a difficulty . 
  not really , but it 's a matter of degree to some extent , and of cultural assimilation . 
  never mind , found this in the article :  in february 2012 a report was published by the ministry of justice providing demographic statistics of the people charged over participation the riots up to 1 february 2012 which revealed that 41 % of those brought before the courts identified themselves as being from the white group , 39 % from the black ethnic group , 12 % from the mixed ethnic group , 6 % the asian ethnic group , and 2 % the other ethnic group . 
  though of course this is just those charged , not of everyone involved . 
  okay . 
  can you point me to those totals or where it says that most rioters were not in london ? 
  thanks !, 
  though this  so basically , the majority of the rioters were white people . 
  seems to be in some conflict with this  29 % were white and 39 % black in london, 
  no , i mean the conclusive reports you mentioned . 
   someone will point out to them that the initial reports telling that were wrong and that the conclusive reports corroborate your statement . 
  genuinely curious : was there really a report describing what proportion were black ? 
  what was that proportion ? 
  can you point me to the report ? 
   i remember a riot in britain a few years ago , and the majority of people were native british . 
  well ... not very recently natives though . 
  i 'd guess third generation was typical . 
  great , i 'm never leaving home again . 
  there 's a link to it in the blogpost - i did n't link directly because many people wo n't be able to access it because of the paywall . 
  edit : not my blogpost , in case someone is worried about that . 
  i think it 's regrettable that this interesting comment offering a different viewpoint was so heavily downvoted and is now deleted . 
  i do n't think any nuclear plants are used for district heating currently . 
  european `` anti-immigrant '' parties often say they want an immigration policy like canada 's , bringing in primarily in-demand skilled labour . 
  can we really criticize them ? 
  there have been similar cases in finland ( eg . 
  mikko ellil\u00e4 , jussi halla-aho ) , and by now everyone 's aware that you just ca n't say certain things . 
  actually , the effects tend to get stronger the lower you go in the income distribution : http://i.imgur.com/3gz7b3m.gif, 
  well , not really ( though certainly wealth and race have a lot to do with each other as you 'd expect from the pisa stats ) , but in either case the point remains that it 's an unfair comparison between systems . 
  that 's a fair question , but it 's not proved inferior by comparing it to systems in different situations . 
  if the finnish school system were teleported into louisiana , how well would it do ? 
  we do n't know . 
  believe it or not , they do : http://isteve.blogspot.fi/2013/12/graph-of-2012-pisa-scores-for-65_4.html, 
  could be interesting , but  if massachusetts has an incredibly productive system , it might be a great model for mississippi again in this specific example the comparison is of completely different demographic compositions . 
  sure they are , but it 's a bit ridiculous to wonder endlessly about education systems when the demographics have more predictive power about results . 
  these types of rankings are so strongly determined by demography that the ranking is really completely unfair . 
  if you split the us into ethnic groups and track their progress ( which has been done ) , you find that european-descended americans do very well compared to europeans , and se asia-descended americans do very well relative to their ancestors as well . 
  in finland there 's basically an unspoken agreement that the gypsies are n't expected to study or work , but live relatively quietly on social benefits of various kinds . 
  they 're still responsible for a disproportionate amount of crime , particularly theft and firearm violations . 
  one quote was about that specific smaller road , the other was about wider motorways . 
  markets are sometimes inefficient , but that does n't guarantee that intervention is more efficient . 
  well , if consumption dropped low enough to be covered by hydro , that 'd be the only thing in use . 
  it does n't really mean anything . 
  i just do n't like it when companies are disallowed from offering a particular service at a particular price that is n't hurting anyone . 
  it usually leads to some kind of unforeseen distortion . 
  hardly relevant to the question of what nuclear actually got replaced by . 
  am i the only one who 's wary of more regulation ? 
  i thought the refugees are a great benefit , not a burden . 
  i do n't think that use even is incorrect . 
  it 's a collective noun . 
  it 's quite common to consider groups of people to be plural when conjugating verbs . 
  `` chelsea win fa cup '' . 
   biological meat what 's this ? 
  or rather , what 's the other kind of meat ? 
  sounds like renters have been protected out of places to rent ... 
  i 've heard about this , but it still puzzles me . 
  by rental apartments , do you mean municipal ( ie . 
  subsidised ) apartments ? 
  is there no private market ? 
  or is that the regulated thing we 're talking about ? 
  it seems a bit wild not to have a free rental market at all in a city the size of stockholm . 
  well , luckily arctic ice has practically zero effect on sea level since it 's free-floating . 
   the taxes on our beer for example are quite high . 
  i think a crate of decent beer ( hertog jan or grolsch ) sets you back around 12 euro 's i do n't know whether to laugh or cry . 
  pretty big . 
  prett-yy , prett-yy ... big . 
  i feel somewhat related to sweden , we 're right next to each other and share a lot of things . 
  sure i care what kind of people live there , though i understand that does n't make it my business . 
  i think it 's very segmented , as you suggest . 
  it 's a bit ridiculous to speak of all immigrants as a group people have a particular attitude towards . 
  i wish the world `` racist '' did n't have such strong associations , but race i think really is a big determining factor . 
  that and immigration status , profession etc. 
  people from the us , canada , australia , new zealand , argentina , japan , korea - very positive , how exciting and fun , we 'd like to visit your country !, 
  europeans - eh , what made you choose finland , a woman or a job with a big company ? 
  no particular negative attitude towards eastern europeans i think , apart from the assumption that you 're a labourer rather than a professional . 
  that or an academic / coder . 
  africans , in particular somalis , non-israeli middle easterners - suspicion , overly negative or fawningly positive attitudes . 
  just not considered regular human beings , but totems for people to project whatever expectations on . 
  bad experiences , rumours of which spread quickly . 
  not paris . 
  london is in some sense perhaps the most open capital in europe . 
  the us really does [ much better ] ( http://isteve.blogspot.fi/2013/12/pisa-reading-scores-by-race-america.html ) than these compound results imply . 
  pointless and wrong . 
   ** if you give everyone x-chf more money , cost of living will go up by x-chf ( inflation ) . 
  ** i do n't see at all how this follows . 
  it would go up , especially housing costs , but there 's no reason it would go up by x. 
  sweden has a long history of peace and uninterrupted capital accumulation . 
  i know right ? 
  i 'm pretty stoked to be close enough to observe !, 
  now that you put it like that , i guess i had n't realised how bad the situation in portugal is . 
  we probably wo n't have the exact same thing you 're going through , because we already did that - a crippling depression in the early 90 's following a credit bubble . 
  in those days it was n't so easy to migrate , but lots of people committed suicide or drank themselves to death . 
  pre-eu , no bailout , on our own . 
  but perhaps your wishes will come true . 
  regarding spain , though , the last couple of times i 've been there it seemed richer than finland rather than poorer . 
  of course appearances can deceive and i was in fairly prosperous areas ( bilbao , donostia / san sebastian , mallorca ) . 
  it seems a bit remarkable how few applications there are to spain and portugal , and how many italy grants . 
  also that finland grants a greater proportion than sweden does . 
  the roma in the nordic countries ( `` kale '' ) are much more intermixed with the local population , at least judging from their complexion . 
  they do relatively well , but largely because the roma are relatively few and finland is relatively rich , compared to , say , romania or bulgaria .
