maybe it was on his own land . 
  you really only have yourself to blame for that . 
  it was a very big issue all over the papers for a long time in advance . 
  we 've really broken through to the other side if we consider racial discrimination to be worse than mass death from an incurable disease . 
   which does n't justify today 's appalling inequality , especially given that it has grown recently . 
  can anything justify it ? 
  come to think of it , i do n't even know what `` justify '' means in this context . 
   almost every society that enjoyed a degree of stability had a ruling class that accumulated farm more wealth than it could invest - from roman landowners to medieval feudal lords to modern nobility to business magnates . 
  by invest , i assume you meant consume . 
  and by could that you meant did . 
  yes , but the more outsize their wealth is , the less descriptive the wealth difference becomes of material inequality . 
  the `` shocking '' exposition is a bit silly . 
  the numbers came about the way i expected . 
  the bottom 20 % in hardly any society has ever had much wealth - at least that proportion of people tend to spend everything available to them . 
  the unusual thing about our times is the people at the very top , but their share of consumption is n't even close to being as high as their share of wealth , so the question of material inequality is a bit different . 
  just to reiterate , it is n't about religion or churches . 
  i just do n't see any compelling reason to change the legislation around marriage . 
  that said , i 'm not strongly opposed to the change either . 
  when i say marriage is about family , i mean that that 's what it 's * for * , not that that 's what the law is about . 
  perhaps it is . 
  i did n't use to think so , but when gay marriage became a thing , a lot of people started to see it as a human rights issue . 
  i do n't see it that way , but i assume their stance will win the day . 
  i still do n't feel compelled to support it , because as i say , i do n't see it as being homophobic or a human rights issue . 
  the law does n't have any reference to homosexuality , and i do n't think it needs to . 
  even if the law changes , it wo n't fundamentally change what marriage is all about . 
  if humans procreated like plants do , by pollination , marriage would n't exist at all . 
  it only really makes sense as the family unit , the debate around what else it means is a fringe issue . 
  i do n't think finland is homophobic . 
  what does secularism have to do with it ? 
  it 's not a religious thing to me at all . 
  i 'm not really for or against . 
  i guess it 's too complicated a question for me to have an opinion about . 
  i do n't really believe in legislating pieces of extremely stable social convention . 
  if you 're sincerely interested in how someone could think it could affect something , [ this ] ( https://www.evernote.com/shard/s1/sh/eac8d03a-cf5f-4761-8533-e41b8184caba/f0709171ee993d21a83370bd07f31df4 ) is pretty close to how i think . 
  edit : by the way , i find this  some people gets to decide who other people can love or not to be frankly ridiculously hyperbolic . 
  you do n't need a piece of paper to love somebody . 
   i just ca n't fathom why we 're even having this discussion , how it 's such a bloody big issue for some . 
  seems to me that it 's a bloody big issue especially to those people who are in favour of it . 
  they seem to find it somehow outrageous that someone could have a different view . 
  did * you * read it ? 
   luckily for the empire , the eclipse happens at a time when the sun is over the cayman islands in the caribbean . 
  those areas wo n't see a total eclipse ; the sun will even still be shining in london . 
   in fact , no total eclipse for the next thousand years will pass over the pitcairn islands at the right time of day to end the streak . 
  if the uk keeps its current territories and borders , it can stretch out the daylight for a long , long time . 
  thanks for this well-reasoned writeup . 
  i think skeptics should really consider the negotiating practicalities - there 's no way for a complicated , overall beneficial agreement like this to come off without some downsides for some parties . 
  i would add some public choice views to this analysis . 
  i believe the reason why a complicated agreement like this is necessary is that politicians on both sides are beholden to parochial , protectionistic interests . 
  in other words , i do n't really accept that eu negotiators are in any meaningful way negotiating for europe 's benefit , or that their `` win-set '' is a faithful representation of the `` win-set '' of the eu population ( whatever that is anyway ) . 
  the really sweet solution to me would be unilateral freeing of trade , eg . 
  europe could forego many trade tariffs and internal subsidies and reap the benefit . 
  unfortunately that 's politically impossible , so we need a complex tit-for-tat agreement where all the stakeholders get something extra . 
  glorious finnish social democracy has produced less rich billionaires than inferior other nordic social democracies !, 
  there was a very bloody civil war in 1918 between the `` reds '' ( communist revolutionaries ) and the `` whites '' . 
  mannerheim was the military commander of the whites . 
  the whites won , and in the aftermath thousands of reds died in prison camps . 
  mannerheim was n't especially responsible for that , but as the leader and figurehead he 's still bitterly hated in some of the redder parts of the country . 
  good choice , i 'd probably go with stalin . 
  or bobrikoff , a russian governor-general of finland who advocated a strong russification policy and was assassinated by a finn-swede called eugen schauman . 
  edit : oops , i missed that the question was about * native * figures . 
  then it 's either kuusinen or mannerheim ( for left-wingers ) . 
  if mannerheim counts as native , that is . 
  i 'm not even that kind of person . 
  maybe it 's just easy for me to be happy . 
   helsinki god knows how , everyone is always complaining , depressed and wanting to get out . 
  ( i like it fine . ), 
  it 's not as clear-cut as that . 
  for example we might demand that companies check people 's identities , but the government builds an identity card system and database for them . 
  are we going to require every company that wants to index the web to perform the same screening effort google is doing ? 
  i have no idea if it 's a drop in the ocean or not , but i do n't think it 's the right thing to demand them to do , and i 'm an eu citizen . 
   google is being negligent , either purposefully ( in order to challenge the law ) or by default , by not committing the proper resources/attention to the handling of it . 
  it 's potentially a huge undertaking , especially if you do n't err on the side of caution and expose yourself to consequences . 
  maybe the eu should commit the proper resources/attention to it if it 's so important ? 
  i would be interested to know why this was downvoted . 
  it was at -2 before i upvoted it . 
  it 's a perfectly straightforward answer to the topic . 
  finnish ( ethnically , nationally and linguistically , it 's my homeland )  english ( ethnically and linguistically , because i 'm half-english and a british citizen )  so-called rationalist ( make of that what you will ) . 
  why do n't i identify myself as a human ? 
  does anyone , really ? 
  our identity is n't usually in opposition to nonhumans because we do n't communicate or deeply interact with nonhumans . 
  edit : wurding says he identifies as a white man , and perhaps i do too now that race and gender have become such a huge topic . 
  edit2 : i guess do n't want to say european because i do n't identify with european federalism , but i guess i identify quite a lot with `` western '' / occidental culture . 
  european counts as a part of that . 
   tastes literally like shit brb going to eat my own shit, 
   whole milk is around 3.5 % fat , and 2.5 % fat milk wo n't taste too different or be much healthier well , it 's a 29 % reduction in fat , i would n't call it trivial . 
  well , at least he did n't fuck up by giving up the right to take action . 
   even without digging into the the link myself , it looks like you quote the article saying essentially what i was saying about the proportion of people from different ethnic groups   in february 2012 a report was published by the ministry of justice providing demographic statistics of the people charged over participation the riots up to 1 february 2012 which revealed that 41 % of those brought before the courts identified themselves as being from the white group , 39 % from the black ethnic group , 12 % from the mixed ethnic group , 6 % the asian ethnic group , and 2 % the other ethnic group . 
   it looks like i went a little too far saying that a majority of rioters were white british , but white british is quite clearly the largest ethnic group by two percentage points , of those brought to justice , uk-wide , yes . 
   and comes very close to being a majority . 
  well , nine percentage points away from that . 
   so essentially we 're agreeing on both counts ? 
  the england riots were mainly perpetrated by ( to use the anti-multiculturalists ' own phrase ) `` native white population '' and that rioting has no inherent connection with ethnicity or culture . 
  i think you have something you want to prove here , and i appreciate that you 're doing it with good intentions , but overall i think it 's clear that the riots were an illustration of racial and ethnic tensions in the uk . 
  the numbers are disproportionate for one thing , but the narrative from people in london was definitely that it was originally a black riot that brought in opportunists from other groups as it spread . 
  starting here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ckved/muslims_rioting_in_france_video/cjgni84  what i am saying is that immigrants are n't the only group of people who cause trouble , which seems to be the sort of idea being ground out . 
  it 's hard to imagine that anyone seriously believes it 's somehow impossible for people from any ethnic group to riot , but for the record , i agree with you !, 
  this was discussed elsewhere in the thread actually , turns out it was n't majority white , and in london the largest ethnic group involved was black british . 
   immigrants do n't riot . 
  people do . 
  i do n't think i follow .
