  we 've been able to socially house and help with social transfers practically the whole population . 
  that 's not an option for eastern europe . 
  sounds like you 're tending towards the `` it 's a burden '' perspective , and other countries are , as you say , looking more to their self-interest . 
  what burden ? 
  did n't you just say that it 's a great resource ? 
  just to clarify - do you see the problem as employers exploiting workers ? 
  did you consider becoming an entrepreneur or an employer yourself in that case ? 
  finland should be in the `` uncommon '' group imo , or perhaps `` in limited circumstances '' - in fancy restaurants it happens , but not expected . 
  nobody would bat an eye if the customer accepts change . 
   and they have no future twist the knife why do n't you :(, 
  sure , just clarifying the earlier comment . 
  but note that it really is n't about nationality - those tensions persist to some extent even after naturalisation . 
  hardly anyone has a blanket opinion like that about any immigrants for any reason . 
  the debate is mostly about africans and middle easterners , and now somewhat about eastern european labourers and gypsy beggars and criminals . 
  i do n't know about everyone else , but i chose germany because so often when i come across germans , i find them to be easy to get along with , thoughtful , sincere and serious people . 
  also bach , schubert , wagner etc. 
  i 'm both a finnish and uk citizen , but i do n't really feel european in the sense of nationality . 
  europe as a whole is a wonderful and historical part of the world , and i 'm happy to have traveled in it extensively , but as for the eu , mostly i just hope it does n't screw everyone in the ass too badly . 
  as a political union , it 's relatively young , fragile and lacking in true solidarity . 
  i certainly do n't believe other european countries care about what happens to finland in anything like the same way they care what happens to them . 
  these national ties can be strange - i feel that even though the us and europe are often contrasted , the us was born with enlightenment ideas from ( northern ) europe , and its citizens are mostly descended from europeans , so i feel almost as much affinity to the us as to europe . 
  south america is more complicated , and also more south european , so it does n't seem so close . 
  other regions like south asia , southeast asia or africa feel completely foreign , some i just like more and some less . 
  but finland to me is the homeland , england is the homeland of half of my ancestors and the rest of europe is just around . 
  it 's sometimes said that immigrants from africa and the middle east do n't respect women , but i must say that with punishments like these you have to wonder if it is n't sweden that in this case disrespects the victim . 
  i think it 's a bad law . 
  i do n't see why companies should n't be allowed to offer whatever mobile contracts they want to to their customers . 
  i guess subsidiarity is a natural application of this idea . 
  i 'd like to see more limits on democracy . 
  we 've developed a notion of human rights , where some things are ( at least in principle ) out of bounds - personal freedoms that should be protected regardless of the popular opinion . 
  in the eu , one such ( debatable ) case is capital punishment - lots of people support it , but it 's considered to be not in the realm of political thought here . 
  i 'd like to see an expansion of human rights into more areas , limiting the power of state . 
  stronger protection of the freedom to conduct one 's business and life without harming others . 
  we have too much democracy , not too little . 
  how is shelf stacking useless ? 
  i visit a supermarket almost every day , and benefit quite a bit from products being presented in an orderly fashion on shelves rather in crates . 
  finland : cold , dull . 
  sweden : progressive & sexy but humorless & emasculated . 
  norway : rich , sporty . 
  estonia : musical , wistful . 
  russia : insane , obsessed with greatness , prone to fuck-ups . 
  so ... germany has more thought than inhabitants ? 
   once you pass a point where your wealth is such that you do n't need to do anything at all - in fact you can just employ people to manage it for you - then that 's wrong . 
  one problem with this is that it disincentivises people at levels * below * that amount of wealth , because they know that eg . 
  earning more to secure your children 's future will be punitively taxed away . 
  the downvotes given to this sincere and interesting message are a shame . 
  / r/europe , you 're better than this - do n't downvote to disagree !, 
  eh , we had an mp [ convicted of insulting islam ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jussi_halla-aho#trial ) . 
  figures , the hotel 's in espoo , which is n't a place a tourist would want to find himself in . 
  it 's adjacent to helsinki . 
  cat name - probably viiru . 
  means `` stripe '' . 
  dog name - probably musti . 
  a derivative of `` black '' . 
  just the first ones that occurred to me . 
  germany is very well regarded in finland , i 'd say . 
  we still have considerably stronger ties to germany than to , say , france or the uk . 
  many middle-aged people speak better german than english ( though for the younger generation english is obviously # 1 ) . 
  in the european political sphere , germany is pretty much expected to be the guiding light or grown-up country . 
  considering that sweden and denmark are both out of the euro , finland is following germany 's cue . 
  some people dream of a joint nordic economic zone , or possibly splitting off a northen euro with germany + austria + benelux + finland + baltics . 
  how the hell should i know ? 
  what relevance does that have ? 
  they do pay for it , whether they like it or not . 
  and via paying for water use , not taxes . 
  well , expensive relative to what ? 
  in my original comment i pointed out that roads represent a relatively small expenditure , in welfare states a couple percent of the total . 
  another point about this ad is that `` pay your taxes '' only gets you so far ; income tax in finland only covers about 20 % of state expenditure . 
  considerably more in the case of municipal budgets though , i imagine . 
  this has nothing to do with whether taxes are used to pay for it or not ( they are n't ) . 
  the water systems in finnish municipalities , at least , are paid for by their users . 
  maybe sweden uses taxation instead of utility bills , but it would be very strange if they did , because that way you ca n't make paying for the system proportional to its use . 
  they 're dwarfed by social transfers and health care . 
  those items plus pensions are the main part of welfare state expenditures . 
  sure , roads are n't cheap , but they 're quite a small budget item in the end . 
  practically always these projects are financed with a loan taken by the utility in question and amortized over a number of decades . 
  i do n't see any reason why the users of water could n't cover the cost , seeing as everyone in the region is a user . 
  how could they pay for it as taxpayers but not utility users ? 
  and i do n't see what your point is about private companies . 
  hsy is n't private , does n't mean it wo n't send you a bill for services rendered . 
  it 's not as if the water bills are nominal . 
  in my house the water charges are on the order of 600-700 euros per year , and that 's with three inhabitants currently . 
  yeah , i think water bills usually pay for the clean water . 
  and expenditure on roads and football pitches ai n't that much . 
  usually weak as fuck , unfortunately . 
  i make and enjoy really strong coffee , people often complain . 
  uk & finland . 
  unfortunately my children wo n't get the uk citizenship , since i 'm only british `` by descent '' , we 'd have to go live in the uk for a while for them to become citizens . 
  no great benefit from it yet , but i 'm happy i have it nevertheless . 
  though , if i understand correctly , tobacco farmers * are * still subsidised - just no more than farmers of other crops . 
  seems rather counterproductive , seeing as tobacco is then punitively taxed in most countries , and we have to fund campaigns to lessen its use . 
  also , estonia and finland being one nation seems a bit of a stretch ( not that i 'd mind that , eestibros ! ) . 
  edit : actually , now that i think about it more , maybe it is n't . 
  too bad we 're separated by the baltic , otherwise it 'd totally make sense . 
  wow , that 's how i 've always felt about france actually . 
  although i 'd maybe put the cities/architecture/art above territory , though the territory is definitely wonderful . 
  my last time there i got badly lost going up mont ventoux , quite an experience . . 
  i even studied french as my first language at school , but still i never really figured you out . 
  excellent comment . 
  my impression is that finland has a self-image of being a small , vulnerable and poor country .
