good going fenriz . 
  will obama might not like that some countries are n't hitting the spending marks he would still protect them . 
  nato only works if everyone does a full measure no half steps and no selective choosing of whom to help . 
  interesting thanks for answer . 
  something about the native language that gets the meaning into a more distilled essence . 
  got ta read that stanislaw lem in polish for zero translation errors . 
  * furiously scribbles notes while muttering *, 
  steps on grass, 
  i know . 
  nah has put lead in the gloves . 
   the unity in the usa right now is ~ ~ a bit off balance ~ ~ ready to be tested in a nuclear forge ~ ~ ... ~ ~, 
  i do n't remember everyone going right fuck europe war now . 
  though it is possible the orangutan said it or something equivalent . 
  after looking up the details i 'm siding with churchill on this one . 
  i guess i will look up what happened up north in ww2 then . 
  then how was norway invaded by the nazis through sweden . 
  unless you guys were allied with them or failed to push them back i ca n't see how you all were neutral for 200 years . 
  i know there different i ; m just saying be vigilant and be ready for an unexpected problems . 
  errr what was world war 2 for you guys , i thought you all were occupied by the nazis ? 
  not to be an ass or anything but no one thought , the right would sweep through the uk , brexit would happen , or trump would win . 
  just be ready for the unexpected but i do hope your right . 
  sincerely an angered american . 
  that 's true i may have taken a whole generation of fools and lumped them in with the modern nation . 
  likewise if i recall right from history class it was the french that wanted the harsh demands where as you 'll wanted to a more kid gloves approach . 
  i did n't blame you for starting it ( that 's no countries fault ) just for getting into it . 
  you had a choice and we 're not forced into by a treaty . 
  how about wwi that 's recently a pointless war you got into for nothing and sowed the seeds for wwii . 
  far worse than iraq . 
  if that 's your biggest fuck up you need to reread your own history books . 
  huh the nuke discussed but pearl harbor that 's very peculiar . 
  same now lets go back to read stanislaw lem . 
  yep very true . 
  speaking of false flags i heard poland invaded itself in 1939 claiming it was germany so that they could get better beer and could experience both fascism and communism so they knew which to replace capitalism with . 
  just do n't use q-tips . 
  sounds like we need good accurate movies in pacific besides flags of our fathers and letters from iwo jima . 
  i have seen battle of brittan . 
  after looking up the development of them yes a bridge too far and the longest day are collaborations . 
  but the patton bit false it depicts both sides of him a genius commander , but someone who did n't really get what war does to someone . 
  not necessarily every once in a while you get a tora tora tora , patton , the longest day , a bridge too far , midway , letter 's from iwo jim/flags of our fathers . 
  the films are all accurate and try to not have the wrong depiction of the event in question . 
  hmm now i want to hear australian 's thoughts on it . 
  damn michael bay making terrible impressions on people with historical inaccurate films . 
  ah yes this legendary thread of pyrrhic victories and from singapore to nukes and the rest is filler.truley showing an advance understand of the pacific theatre . 
  yeah they believe in crazy stuff here but you have seen how we memorialize ww2 right ? 
  just try and ask someone that was old enough to remember pearl harbor that the guy that tried pulling them out incredible hardships actually , had hundreds of work programs and was making sure that there was bread on the table just rigged an attack on pearl harbor . 
  who 's gon na believe it especially considering that japan had attacked american ships before this ( albeit oil ships ) and had been showing there imperialists tendencies for over an decade . 
  remember to wash behind the ears . 
  no that was find i was just curious of the perception of it in europe . 
  no that was great it was an interesting perspective on some questions i had . 
  thanks again . 
  that photo shit i think i 'm gon na have to watch this later . 
  we some stores trying those out but for the massive cost of putting that into all the chains it more of a of the store gon na be redone you can do this option but as mentioned earlier the unions are fight that tooth and nail . 
  will there are grocery stores that are here that have you bag your own stuff , must do n't because in the rare instance of unions having power they are n't gon na lay off perfectly good members when they can stop it . 
  and since almost all grocery stores are closed union shops bagger 's are n't going away . 
  well thank you for the well written answers . 
  huh i thought based on the pacific thread a while back no one in europe remember anything even there own citizens in the pacific . 
   it 's probably more known through the movie . 
  now i wish hollywood had just rereleased tora tora tora instead it do a better job in all but the effects category.plus if it was someone 1st exposure to pearl harbor it would n't be filling there heads with so many inaccuracies . 
  nah it makes sense it would n't be a day of infamy for you 'll but it 's very odd that people in your country believe that it was an fdr conspiracy . 
  no one would even voice that here it 's just too outlandish . 
  ok cool here 's a few questions for ya 1 does austria just let germany take the blame for hitler or do you guys inform ( it 's the right word here edit ) that he was born there and try to inform people ? 
  2 why do all of you seem to dislike baggers in grocery store ? 
  3 thoughts on the european union after brexit and talk from other countries ? 
  4 how do you 'll ( i know generalizing us bad ) feel about when americans pronunciation things differently i.e. 
  5 how is colonialism taught i know here it 's in a very negative manner ( yes even in regards to the philippines and cuba ) 6 what 's some of your favorite craft beer ? 
  7 when are second languages taught and when does teaching end for them ? do people use them on a regular basis ? 
  8 do you guys have animated adult stuff i do n't think i have seen anything animated ( be a tv show or movie ) from europe that 's strictly aimed at adults ? 
  a preemptive thanks just for looking at all these questions . 
  thanks nazis for declaring war and not causing the cluster fuck of trying to figure out how to support the ussr and the uk . 
  i mean nazi occupation is a serious problem . 
   a lot of people have seen the movie , as well . 
  oh fuck i forgot that historical inaccurate piece of garbage existed . 
  thanks that 's all i can think of that not been said . 
  i know i am butting in but sweden you 'll have to put up hotline miami 1 and 2 . 
  it 's too good to miss out on . 
  really corn bread is considered a taste snack ? 
  o well i guess i 'm honored then . 
  so half reactionary and half right wing rewriting well at least you do n't have liberal war is bad this is the only point era too . 
  then you be 2 to 1 . 
  may i ask which era of hollywood nam ? 
  no i am not and they being mostly nice . 
  fair point . 
  fuck off most these things are positive and i 'm from america . 
  well i 'll keep my finger crossed for you and a bottle of celebration gin near by in case sanity wins and everclear if everything goes tits up . 
  good luck ( do n't kill me / r/murica ) god save the queen . 
   however our constitution is n't a document , its a shiny hat , which is n't very useful when you go through a constitutional crisis as we are now . 
  is it still in your all 's courts , or has been sent to parliament for voting ? 
  also i found a hat fitting for you lot . 
  in election or comment ? 
  that too . 
  ehhh let 's make it twelve just incase . 
  thanks i just wished mass had a big budget and we got a sane leader . 
  to be cheese it must be in a can in a jar that 's ben pickled , thanks . 
  thanks i think i might . 
  thanks i think . 
  sarcasm much appreciated on and on south of everclear . 
  i now :( . 
  also thanks, 
  thanks i think . 
  edit wiki revealed him to be quite nice .
