if poland did n't want to be invaded she should n't have worn that policy . 
  she was asking for it !, 
  that 's when it started . 
  the end of apartheid was a problem solved that ended up bringing in different problems . 
  here is a short video where you can see what op means by zombie apocalypse . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ridktosoegm a more difficult life for whites means that a lot of whites moved away . 
  because whites have been in a superior position for so long , that is where most of the human capital was , leading to south africa experiencing a massive brain drain over the past 20 years . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fzrse_p1ys this is a video of a south african president singing `` kill the white man '' . 
  if you 're a white man in such a country you gtfo if you can . 
  basically there is still a huge racism problem in south africa , it 's just no longer a whites  everyone else issue . 
  now it 's different african ethnicities hating on eachother ( xhosa vs zulu etc ) and whites being marginalised ( whites are a minority that no longer has special protection ) . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  many of the whites that are left are racist as fuck against the other ethnicities , but getting murdered by blacks is a lot more of a legitimate concern there . 
  louis theroux made a documentary where he visited among others a white supremacist leader in south africa and it is amazing how racist it is possible to become . 
  the reason people are n't taking planes is not because of a lack of funds . 
  the law states that people entering a country via plane must be returned at the expense of the air line if they are not allowed to stay in the destination country . 
  the result is that airlines do not allow passengers from certain areas to avoid potentially paying this price . 
  only the 1 % eat out every day here in norway . 
  we make a lot of money but we also pay a lot . 
  a steak at a chain restaurant is easily over 30 $ . 
  yeah i mean this is akin to going into a liverpool supporter 's pub with a man u shirt on . 
  _ balls _ !, 
  i am just so damn impressed by the sheer courage . 
  negro is n't used as an insult in english either . 
  she was playmate of the year in the 90 's . 
  i think she was born at a pretty good time . 
  and who is buying untraceable weapons from refugees ? 
  people you do n't want to have weapons . 
   ` women and children first ' . 
  that 's sexist . 
  i guess they are just way ahead of us in gender equality issues . 
  the shit part of being poor is feeling poor . 
  while you might have the same standard of living , you can not help but compare yourself to those around you and feel like shit . 
  sweden has stated they will take in all syrian refugees . 
  they might not want to gamble on a possible rejection in denmark . 
  the first ones to leave are usually the cleverest ones , so the first impressions will likely be skewed . 
  if they were to ignore the result , the queen could step in . 
  i mean it seems absurd that she would interfere , but she theoretically could . 
  i did n't say they get rich , but it pays better than other illegal jobs like washing dishes . 
  do you think someone will ask to see your work permit before they let you sell heroin ? 
  children use cash . 
  also , some elderly people still do . 
  but the only place i can think of where using a card is not an option is the gypsies . 
  street food vendors take cards . 
  you can pay for parking or vending machines with your phone . 
  drug sales ? 
  organized crime ? 
  if all jobs are illegal , the only jobs left for you are illegal jobs . 
  why work illegally as a dishwasher when you can make a lot more money selling drugs at exactly the same risk ? 
  i do n't know the exact situation in germany , but over here a lot of crime is done by people who can not legally obtain a normal job . 
  https://flixsearch.io/ this shows what is on netflix in all the areas . 
  no matter where you live , you are missing out . 
  i agree because `` the nordic countries '' is clunky as fuck to say . 
  `` we are unbiased !, 
  we will tout anyone who pays us ! '', 
  good news is that most academic texts on earth are written in english , and you know that language !, 
  so uuhhh . 
  wo n't help you with your historic texts , but should be simple to find a translation at least . 
  global warming , my man . 
  this is going to work out great for us in the long term . 
   the economy of poland is the largest economy in central europe , [ 11 ] sixth-largest in the eu [ 12 ] and the largest among the ex-communist members of the european union . 
  from wikipedia . 
  poland is doing really well . 
  i kinda hate you . 
  where did you learn how to drive ? 
  this shit is ridiculous . 
  oh no that part 's real for sure . 
  he 's talking about the lighting and stuff . 
  i mean if it was , all economists would be filthy rich . 
  if it 's any consolation , it 's the same bullshit with norwegian grocery stores . 
  we have this in norway , but with only 100m . 
  what happens is that major chains will reorganise their stores and chain off an area that exceeds the limit on sundays . 
  when people get used to the new system that probably wo n't be a problem anymore . 
  here in norway , we 've had closed shops on sundays forever , and we experience no such problems . 
  it 's funny that this is so unpopular in hungary , because in norway the government is trying to change it and that is really unpopular here . 
  actually police in norway do not register ethnicity . 
  only nationality . 
  i hope there 's a cover up scandal so we can call it brexitgate . 
  it is strange . 
  this newspaper is probably the worst , most celebrity-infested piece of tabloid shit in the country . 
  but every now and then they produce gold . 
  i guess they have n't fired all the actual journalists yet . 
  lutefisk ca n't rot though . 
  bacteria wo n't touch the stuff . 
  how else would you get brie ? 
  it 's right there under the foreskin . 
  there has not been such a level of income inequality in britain since the victorian era . 
  yes that time dickens wrote his novels . 
  eh , germany could easily come up with a longer word if they wanted to . 
  here 's one in norwegian that i came up with just now : politihundsoverv\u00e5kingssentralbordsassistentkaffefl\u00f8tekoppholderansvarligshatt . 
  it means : a hat worn by a person responsible for holding the cups of coffee cream belonging to the assistant at the center of surveilling police dogs . 
  basically in some languages you can just string together any number of nouns to make a new word . 
  you can do this in english too , but you need to have spaces between the word . 
  for instance , in english you can write `` police dog house '' , but in norwegian the equivalent would be `` policedoghouse '' . 
  shortest : \u00c5 . 
  ( translation : to ) edit : fuck , my word is still shorter than the finnish one . 
  that finnish word is really damn long . 
  well at least my word sort of makes sense . 
  get a european union bureau of investigation with pan-union jurisdiction to investigate corruption and other crime that impacts the whole union . 
  offenders will be trialed in an eu court .
