  one key feature of cults is usually ` de-pluralisation ' , which is removal from the rest of society . 
  this is true for example scientology and jws , but it is n't true for the larger mainstream religions . 
  also in the case of jw there 's the obvious medical issue of denying life-saving medical treatment like blood transfusion . 
  sensible decision by russia . 
  yep should n't let pis voters immigrate , i actually agree with you on that one, 
  they are , for the most part . 
  there 's a few million in germany . 
  most do n't care about erdogan . 
  the zealous part is simply a loud minority . 
  i 'm not even in favour of granting this . 
  it is both in the interest of the patient and the medical community ( and in case of transferable diseases society at large ) to have this information without any intervention on behalf of the patient , after all our healthcare systems are a public matter . 
  choice or privacy are not more important than public health . 
  well it does literally say in the article  and it means that any time a doctor has a query he or she will be able to ask permission to see it . 
  the patient will then expose their data on his or her own terms . 
  this to me sounds like patients will get to decide what information doctors get to see . 
  which i think is not smart . 
  i 'd also note that , given a patient has some information he perceives as embarassing , say a sexually transmittable disease , he might withhold this information from future doctors . 
  which would be both bad for him and for society . 
  i guess is in the case of kju nobody can tell if support is genuine because they 're all isolated . 
  russians generally have access to foreign media and know what 's going on in the world , yet they still support putin to a surprising degree . 
  damn g\u00fclenist daimler cars , i knew they were behind the coup what the hell is going on in the turkey . 
  this is a sad statement but the country seems to be in a better place when the military runs it, 
  i think this is bad for several reasons , and celebrating `` information ownership '' is a kind of bad new trend . 
  i do n't see how all or the majority of patients are supposed to be qualified which information to give to their physician , given that evaluation is the physicians job in the first place . 
  this makes access to medical data harder which is bad for scientific purposes , and there 's no actual benefit for someone to hoard their own medical data rather than a `` feeling of control '' . 
  the course of action should be more transparency for everybody , better access to healthcare data for research purposes and orientation towards material benefits for the citizens . 
  i think it 's kind of funny that people who are usually sceptical of strong legal property schemes have somehow turned towards a kind of personal data hoarding . 
  well i do n't want an unregulated drug , healthcare or food market , for starters . 
  private education is shit too , and privatised news is how you get trump elected . 
  so there 's plenty of spaces where the ` deregulate everything ' attitude is shit . 
  housing just is n't one of them, 
  it 's an idiom for `` a constantly escalating diplomatic / verbal conflict '' i honestly do n't know if people here just like to get upset about nothing or genuinely do n't know what a figure of speech is, 
  it 's not like the free market is always great either , in this case it just happens to be the right solution . 
  the ideological approach to these topics is usually the problem . 
  i do n't know how recent you 're talking , but physical and sexual abuse definitely were n't normal at a german school in modern history . 
  the worst thing my grandparents were talking about were slaps on the wrist with the ruler if the teacher was mean, 
  exactly . 
  this is something that is really terrible here in europe . 
  zoning and rent caps are so insanely popular , but in the case of housing getting people to build is really the only option . 
  [ here 's a good article on the tokyo housing policy ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/023562e2-54a6-11e6-befd-2fc0c26b3c60?mhq5j=e1 ) in this case deregulation , removement of zoning and height regulation is really the answer . 
  yeah it was n't exactly politically correct by our sentimentalities but the different religions tolerated each other and lived together , which is more than can be said of other regions . 
  mosques , churches , synagogues it 's all there . 
  we should get from our high horses from time to time , we 've had our own share of historical massacres . 
  i 've been to israel and egypt , for a short time only , but i can not really echo this . 
  people there are actually a pretty diverse bunch . 
  you have to remember that , for the longest time the region was under the rules of empires . 
  not a lot of place for ethnic strife . 
  much of it is still the result of balkanization in modern history . 
  like in the literal balkans . 
  keeps poor people poor , leads to bad language acquisition , can promote religious extremism or cultural attitudes incompatible with the rest of society or even law , in other words tribalism . 
  very bad in any modern society . 
  yeah a whole 8 % of our electorate is already convinced !, 
  only 40 more to go . 
  you need to leave your basement once in a while ` mate ' , your piece of shit populism has been defeated in every election on this content , and this will continue to be the case . 
   , but neither this is the only way nor will orban die for poland kaczy\u0144ski 's biggest mistake is thinking that everybody is as fanatic as he is . 
  orban is opportunism personified , the guy would sell his own grandmother for political power . 
  this i really do n't get about authoritarians . 
  they always team up with each other just to go after each others throat a week later . 
  putin and erdogan have the same schizophrenic relationship . 
  i just told you that nobody wants a fucking ethno state . 
  in an ideal world they should stop with the tribalism . 
  but also there must be some answer for palestinians , they can not live in permanent limbo . 
  this actually just furthers the conflict and produces more and more radicalism on both sides . 
  and where are germans advocating for ethno states in asia ? 
  you can spare yourself the incoherent rant at the end , we all know that the internet alt-right is triggered because there bullshit does n't actually work over here . 
  are you just going to delete that account again and make a new one to rant about `` globalists '' or do you actually have anything of substance to say ? 
  do you suggest palestinians are supposed to live without a state or guaranteed rights , ad infinitum ? 
   i just find it funny to see someone who would normally be the poster boy civic nationalism ( the government gave me the paper , i am the german now ) supporting a literal ethno-state . 
  i ideally would support a one state solution with fully and equal rights for palestinians , but israel will never do it . 
  the next best step is a two state solution , with guarantees for each state . 
  what is not tolerable is a permantently marginalised population without state , cut off from the rest of the world . 
  yeah no dispute in jobs with some kind of hard physical limit , but women are actually able to perform in many jobs as efficiently as men . 
  the point was simply that some alleged `` innate choice '' is not something i automatically must care a great deal about . 
  we make plenty of terrible choices with our lizard brains , ranging form self-segregation , to unhealthy behaviour and so forth . . you do n't need to be a feminist to support intervention . 
  if choice leads to bad outcome let 's ditch choice , all sides in these discussions seem to hold it up implicitly, 
   `` it does n't matter that you want to study nursing we already have too many females , go become a deep sea welder , mary . '', 
  what if i want mary to become a deep sea welder because deep sea welding actually is the shit i 'm not a feminist , i just do n't really give a crap about choice . 
  what are we supposed to do with a population where half of the people have studied ten years of interpretative dance , what is this good for, 
  not every increase in prices indicates a bubble, 
  [ she and netanyahu are actually in close contact and are finalising a plan ] ( http://a.abcnews.com/images/international/gty_merkel_netanyahu_tk_140225_16x9_992.jpg ), 
  if you make very little money so that you can not afford to buy a condo , i will agree . 
  but that is exceptional for a well trained individual in europe too . 
  someone making less than 2k net on an academic track must be in some very resource starved department . 
  up to a certain limit money is useful but it loses utility at some point . 
  and i would n't put that limit too high . 
  personally , if things start to go into six figures , i do n't know what to do with it . 
  you have all these things in france if you have no job at all having a home , healthcare and family support is part of the basic social net . 
  i could have gone work in the us too , but having unconditional support here no matter what happens and knowing that the people at the lower end have this support too is more valuable to me, 
  yeah but the same is kind of true for may , she does n't exactly inspire authority either . 
  the whole strong & stable thing has basically turned into a mockery . 
  you 're not recognizing the state force that is necessary in a liberal society to uphold its own values , because up until now liberalism in the west has more or less self-justified itself , but we 're beginning to see cracks in those institutions and we have no immune-system to combat it . 
  a liberalism that is weak , fractioned , and easy to partition opens itself up to be overtaken by extremists . 
  this can not happen in singapore . 
  they are willing to cede personal liberties for a greater social liberty and stability of the political system . 
  which in the long term might just be able to provide a much better foundation for liberalism than our hands off approach . 
  do you not notice how extremists are effectively able to leverage social media to their advantage ? 
  the internet has not become the tool of borderless communication and civility that people made it out to be . 
  freedom of speech can be used to destroy liberalism . 
  it is a means , not an end . 
  there is little to no ethnic conflict in the country , and it is probably the most diverse place on the planet , although surrounded by countries with heavy drug use and criminality , the country is largely drug free .
