  also you 're putting a lot of trust in republicans lol , they 've completely bowed over because they know that trump appeals to the masses, 
  i think making drastic decisions or ` change ' for changes sake is a problem in the first place . 
  we do n't need american politics and oscillate between two extremes every four or eight years . 
  incremental and consensus based politics is a good thing in a leader . 
  she 's not a flashy camera personality but she 's definitely proven that she 's resilient and competent . 
  so if you 're into that style of leadership instead of bombast and parades and whatnot i do n't see the problem the bigger problem is whether the german population is ready to take on that kind of responsibility . 
   it would n't be any different with hillary . 
  well she would n't give a shit about the nuttery as soon as the ceremony is over , so it kind of is now they 've got a secretary of education who wants to build the ` kingdom of god ', 
  the american public handed these people every branch of government , he does n't need anybody else, 
  yes , this is actually a conspiracy theory , google the stuff and you get twenty infowars links . 
  but it 's being upvoted here because the america 's basement-dweller alliance is at it again . 
  you can literally see this subreddit go to shit when europeans sleep lol, 
  we live in an age where climate change is controversial , so it is n't really surprising that the liberal open society is controversial either soros and popper are only controversial because they rustle both the anti-capitalist left and the revanchist right . 
  being a liberal democrat is apparently exceptional nowadays, 
  the difference though is that russia basically struck into a country that was about to enter close association with the eu . 
  this chinese and japanese/malaysian/whatever bickering over useless islands is really just dick-waving . 
  the world hopefully is n't going to end because of it . 
  i think china just wants to assert itself as a regional player , which is annoying but nothing to really freak out about . 
  with russia the conflict is much more fundamental . 
  wait a second how did we get to crimea ? 
  we 're talking about china in this comment chain . 
  annexation of crimea is a whole different beast as it was internationally recognised as a sovereign nation . 
  what does this have to do with the sea region ? 
  so has the romanian living standard gone down ever since it embraced the evil that is liberalism ? 
  no , he is restating the argument that brexit advocates brought forward , he 's not necessarily adopting it . 
  wonder how long that account lasts, 
  no , but both xi and xiaoping have extensively criticised han chauvinism and the instability it can cause . 
  that should pretty much show that the current chinese government is n't running any kind of ideological program here . 
  they 're well aware of the advantages and stability that a national identity can produce but they also now that it can divide if driven to far . 
  i think ever since the cultural revolution we impose a totalitarian reading on * anything * that the chinese government does , we should probably not do that . 
  it can have the tendency to be ethno-centric and there are marginalised minorities in china , but it 's more of an outgrowth than the central point of the policies . 
  i think the cpc is pretty aware of the fact that over-boarding nationalism can also cause instability . 
  here in the west ethnic-nationalism is often a policy in itself , parties will usually campaign on it based on some ideological principle and ideas of homogeneous society . 
  i do n't think that 's actually the point in china , they know that they 're much to big for this stuff and they have after all very recent experience with over-boarding ideological zeal . 
  yep sure ca n't try to fix every ill with it , but there 's 1.4 billion chinese people and you have to keep them all reasonably happy so it can help to consolidate at times . 
  it 's a useful tool as long as it is being used in a civic way . 
  xi 's re-centralisation for example was pretty useful in rooting out corruption on the lower administrative levels which here in the west was often interpreted as a kind of nationalist purge but i feel we 're a little fast with the accusations occasionally . 
  nationalism here in the west usually is of the ethno-centric and rabid kind , china does n't really have that tradition . 
  so we should n't project too heavily . 
  well i 'd hope that the eu consolidates at some point and manages to speak with one voice at least in international matters , but it 's really quite a long way and it is n't looking so shiny at the moment . 
  also the leader question really is n't resolved , many people inside and outside of germany consider us to be a bad candidate and france is kind of tearing itself apart internally not unlike the us . 
  so quite a long way to go , but maybe the trump era will kickstart things a little . 
   so it is a massive issue for them long-term . 
  economic growth and transfer of knowledge is a much bigger deal . 
  as the country develops emigration will slow down , immigration go up and expats will come back and bring talent with them . 
  then at some point the country becomes a really attractive place for capital investment and also attracts more talent because the living expenses are low and then you 're in a pretty good spot . 
  also the emigration basically takes pressure of the housing market , budgets and so on . 
  some people are arguing that the one child policy in china helped to kickstart the country because parents could funnel all their resources into their single child which drastically accelerated education compared to their neighbours . 
  now you have these super-educated middle class chinese children ready for the the next generation . 
  so there 's a positive side to that . 
  there 's no alternative anyway , locking your citizens in has historically been proven to be quite bad, 
  i really did n't handwave it , but it is important to put it into proper context . 
  china 's nationalism seems to be utilised basically as a tool to stabilise the power of the cpc and the state . 
  which is n't exactly ` nice ' but it 's very predictable because they also seem to be aware of the drawbacks and act within international norms . 
  xi 's nationalism is a means and not an end . 
  he 's not mao as long as a country the size of china acts in rational self-interest that 's not really a problem , what 's problematic is if countries start to behave unpredictably . 
  this is why the ` hillary is a warhawk ' accusations were bullshit . 
  a predictable warhawk is preferable to a mercurial idiot who is nice on one day but may not be on the next . 
  nothing is more dangerous in international politics than unpredictable behaviour . 
  i acknowledge the problems in the respective regions , but compared to the actual size and power of china those struggles are , on a geopolitical scale , almost irrelevant . 
  taiwan for the most part is pretty much left alone as long as they do n't develop serious independence ambitions , which the chinese gov. 
  fears would destabilise the state . 
  i mean especially in the context of american and russian projection of power , it 's really hard to portrait chinese as imperialist, 
  yeah the assertiveness in sea is a little problematic but they 're a pretty big country that seeks recognition in the region . 
  not a real excuse but they 're not annexing anything so i 'd file it under sabre-rattling . 
  and sure we never know if they can stay on their growth course or not , nobody is an oracle and they might just slip into economic trouble at some point , but if the uk and the us slip into isolationism and instability and the eu does n't stay stable they might pull ahead , who knows . 
  if they continue to behave like they do it would n't be the worst scenario . 
  well with russia it 's kind of to be expected given their erratic political behaviour , but china runs a very metric driven ` no nonsense ' government . 
  they 've been pretty stable and predictable on the international stage for decades now . 
  with america going haywire they might have to step in as the next centre of stability , xi already sounded pretty ambitious and open to the idea in davos, 
  no , not semantics at all . 
  the fascist idea of homphobia is an authoritarian one . 
  homophobic people are individualistic , not serving their state , ignoring their duties to increase ` public health ' and the numbers of the nation and so on . 
  it 's a scientific notion of racism that grew out of victorian eugenics basically . 
  religious homophobia is bottom-up , it 's not tolerated because it breaks with tradition , sacred law and so on . 
  there state is n't barely involved here at all and if then on behalf of the church . 
  much of homophobia in russia is this version of it . 
  but not because of the people in charge but because demagogues constantly rile against all government , all media without any form of pluralism or differentiation . 
  our government is not more or less corrupt than it was 30 years ago , arguably it 's a good deal less corrupt due to the constant scrutiny . 
  people just generally mistrust all authorities at this point simply because they feel like it . 
  this is essentially the hypocrisy of some subsets of immigrants that is present everywhere . 
  `` thanks for giving us the benefit of the doubt and the opportunity to prosper here , but do n't let the other scum in '' . 
  does n't matter if it 's east germans who mistrust all west german institutions , or cuban americans who would prefer to not let another cuban refugee in , same form of chauvinism in all kinds of places . 
  `` sphere of influence '' as used by biden describes a distinct concept where power is delineated along historical , traditional and national lines . 
  western definition of influence is , at least in principle , based on universal values , individual rights , the state of law and so on . 
  so we might say we support a nation that promotes democratic & liberal values , wants to create prosperity and so on , whereas russia will say that a country can exercise power over its neighbours simply by virtue of being the historically dominant power without judging the values in some universal context . 
  of course the western nations all scheme , follow geopolitical interests etc. . . but there is a clear ideological difference . 
  philip hammond , your current finance minister http://www.businessinsider.de/germany-hammond-threats-british-helplessness-2017-1?r=us&amp;ir=t, 
  well fascism really does n't that 's why it usually lasts about ten years before it devours itself . 
  historical fascism was expressed by all out war to pretty much exterminate and repopulate whatever gets in your way . 
  of course that 's completely delusional . 
  and yes partially the far-right is fascist , but in other parts it is not . 
  putin is definitely not an islamophobe . 
  he 's repeatedly stressed that `` russian orthodoxy is closer to islam than catholicism '' that he 's an ally of the islamic world , that muslim immigrants would fit better into russian than western society , and so on . 
  putin is not an ethno - or religious nationalist , he 's well aware of russia 's historical role as a multi-ethnic and multi-religious empire . 
  when he talked about crimea coming under russian control he talked about its ` sacred significance ' , this was n't territorial for him in any fascist sense . 
  homophobia is another example . 
  fascist homophobia is grounded in the idea of it being ` unnatural ' or harmful to the organic social body . 
  that 's not what 's going on in russia . 
  homophobia in russia is expressed as being contradictory to religious scripture , untraditional in conflict with the nuclear family and so on .
