  we 're living in the information age , economic growth has been decoupled from resource use , at least in the developed world . 
  we 're reducing energy consumption and we 're still growing , magic right ? 
  tired of hearing the same faulty argument again and again, 
  we do n't need a ` holy war ' to fight terrorism , we do n't even need a war . 
  this is n't actually the end times, 
  sadly the orthodox meme market is in dire condition so there really is no other choice, 
  ... do you seriously think any hateful nationalist has ever categorized themselves as hateful ? 
  what you just said is exactly the same thing every paranoid nationalist says . 
  to frame the nationality as something that is being threatened by alleged ` invasion ' is the first sign of pathological insecurity . 
  franz schubert 's erlk\u00f6nig https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js91p-vmsf0 modern , kraftwerk - autobahn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gchoifujzmc, 
  funny thing is atheism is supposed to cure you from ` devoutness ' more than it is supposed to end your belief in god . 
  liberation theology is more atheist than the state loving , paternalist , obnoxious ` secularism ' that is propping up everywhere . 
  as far as constitutional rights are concerned , it honestly does n't matter if 90 % like it or not . 
  we 're not going to tar and feather anybody just because the populace feels like it . 
  individual rights is where the popular vote stops in a democracy . 
  [ cracking down on the shadow economy would be a good start ] ( http://wol.iza.org/arcdata/file/content-iwol-article-izawol.127-1/izawol.127-chart1.png ), 
  [ relevant map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eof8zxg.png ) italy 's regions compared to other nation 's gdp/capita, 
  i always wondered why that is , is it because the franco regime is still on everybody 's mind and because especially spain has a strong anarchist tradition ? 
  pretty admirable given the economic circumstances . 
  not that crazy , they 're essentially the pro-israel faction of the anti-authoritharian far-left, 
  well it 's the single biggest economic metropolitan area in europe , four times as large as frankfurt , so in a sense it 's the only area even comparable to london . 
  no , i meant to say it to you . 
  libertarians upvote huffpost comments for the same reason bernie supporters upvoted anti-hillary articles from breitbart . 
  they do n't care as much about the source as they care about slandering a political opponent . 
  well people on reddit where upvoting right wing blogs when bernie was running , you are overestimating this platform, 
  what revolution , the catholics were just like `` here have secularism '' , everybody knows that !, 
  well i 've never heard of a bank in the uk terminating their relationship with a newspaper that randomly , so while it 's just speculation i 'd be very surprised given that the government is majority shareholder of the bank and given boris latest comments if this is n't fp related . 
  they are n't in need of journalistic protection , they just should be able to conduct business at british banks like every other company that does business in the uk , including traditionally shitty tabloid newspapers of all kind, 
  so what ? 
  want to build a trumpian news wall around every country ? 
  if rt 's propaganda is so bad argue against it , which is of course possible since it is incredibly bad . 
  news outlets should be able to operate freely , are we north korea ? 
  christ man . 
  let them embarass themselves with their crappy propaganda . 
  no , not really . 
  the government is n't a private market actor . 
  the government is n't allowed to close your healthcare account either . 
  even private businesses ca n't deny service in many cases . 
  you can play around on technicalities but the government exercising political pressure through a bank is a scumbag move . 
  uhm arabic al-jazeera is pretty biased but the international version is a pretty solid news outlet, 
  the central problem being that if you leave this to the invisible hand , people with lower qualification and income will move to the towns , while talent will continue to haemorrhage * from * the towns * to * the urban centres , perpetuating problems in both areas . 
  this essentially produces segregation over the long run , as can be seen in many cities and countrysides . 
  in short , it 's how you get trump, 
  good portion of the party resisted austerity policies on paper , but they 've never put considerable weight behind it . 
  https://www.jingdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/chinaindiacomp1-605x5441.jpg same story , and india is in considerably worse economic condition, 
  china 's birth rate actually did n't drop faster than in any other asian country with comparable economic growth . 
  you should really look up data before just buying into common nonsense , the one child policy only produced a comparatively mild dip and did n't change anything about the long term development . 
  https://croakingcassandra.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/tfr-time-series1.png china 's birth rate halved from 5.8 to 2.7 years before the ocp was even in effect . 
  i think the austerity polities are damaging europe and i 'd like to see more deficit spending/investment in germany because i do n't really think that sch\u00e4uble 's economic policies make that much sense . 
  but that 's such a minority position anyway in germany that even the spd is n't going to significantly change anything . 
   adding fuel on the fire . 
  what africa needs is birth control and smaller families . 
  the causal link goes like this : economy improves --  urbanisation happens --  less children . 
  does n't work in the other direction , african nations are labour intensive and have no social welfare , that 's why the birth rate is high . 
  ca n't believe that this crappy argument is repeated ad nauseam on reddit . 
  reducing the number of children is n't magically going to improve anything . 
   well , it depends at who you look at . 
  merkel and the cdu in general is not that pro-russian , but their coalition-partner spd tries every now and than to calm everything down and to get back into normal relations with russia , sometimes it feels like they try to downplay the acts of war russia does in ukraine at least i 'm a long term spd voter and if they continue this fp course i 'm honestly going to vote cdu next year . 
  even the greens are taking a tougher stance on russia . 
  i 'd rather have a black/green government than a red/red/green one . 
  yes , because as we 've seen in rwanda and srebrenica if it 's a legitimate genocide pacifism has ways off shutting that whole thing down, 
  i think the statist and anti-religious stuff is everywhere on the french political spectrum , i feel like it 's even stronger on the far-left than the centre-right occasionally, 
  i really hope he wins the next election , he looks like a reasonable guy, 
   how often does that need to happen before therapists start thinkign about alternatives ? 
  it might be unpalatable to you on the intenet , but it 's the occasional reality of things . 
  sorry , are you suggesting that you hold some monopoly on the gritty real word or that i ca n't possibly know a bob because i have a different opinion than you ? 
  almost all severe mental diseases are livelong struggle , hell for most people existence is a painful struggle . 
  suicide is never predictable , there are just as many chronically suicidal people that never kill themselves than there are people who do . 
  you 're constructing a non existent case here , we never know whether bob is going to hang himself . 
  that 's the difference between being terminally physically ill and being mentally ill . 
  mental illness can be managed and controlled , having terminal cancer ca n't , at least not now . 
  so , the best thing we can do is to fight on and support all the bob 's that are around . 
  there 's a really shitty quitter mentality involved in this where we 'd rather put good old bob down than take the risk that comes with treating him . 
  no way for a society to function . 
  for a depressed person the urge to commit suicide is * a symptom of the depression * , it is not an intrinsic belief or choice of the person . 
  if someones depression clears up , which also routinely happens in rare cases of untreatable depression , they are glad that they did not commit suicide . 
  a depressed person is not acting rationally as far as suicidal thoughts are concerned and we can not grant them agency over this decision . 
  imagine a case of badly treatable bulimia , which exists . 
  what you are proposing is the equivalent of letting such a person starve to death simply because it is their preference in that current state of mind , which is by medical definition delusional . 
  even when the chances are slim we can not grant these people their choice at that moment , they are n't in control . 
  you are arguing that someone 's health decisions are purely subjective , which they are not . 
  we have a society based on values . 
  people having a strong preference to do something is no argument for society to condone the act or support that preference . 
  we should n't sanitise death . 
  suicide comes at a cost for the people surrounding you and the society you life in . 
  individuals hold obligation towards society , it 's not a one way street . 
  if someone wants to jump off a bridge so be it , but i do n't see why this should be some kind of blackmail argument to assist in someone 's suicide . 
  what you 're saying boils essentially down to `` assist me or i 'm going to make a mess of it '' . 
  yeah , that 's not actually an argument . 
  it 's good that there is a barrier to suicide , it is a terrible decision and we should n't make it easy . 
  i do n't see any reason to stop trying to prevent suicide . 
  society ought to promote life and struggle for it , this kind of celebration or at least indifference of death is horrible and the last thing we should offer is assistance . 
  i do n't care if we use tax money to care for them for the rest of their lives , but to imply that society holds an obligation to assist someone in voluntary death is absurd and immoral . 
   have you ever experienced a close family member who are so ill that life is not worth living ? 
  you do realise we are commenting on a law that grants assisted suicide to people who feel like they have `` completed their life '' and that we are not talking about illness at all ? 
  society should not condone this attitude . 
  if you want to kill yourself you can do it , but nobody should be obligated to assist in suicide that 's unrelated to terminal illness . 
  this goes against any value that medical care stands for . 
  i think the point was that the successful war hugely boosted thatchers popularity , not that she started it . 
   vegemite i also am disappointed with the brits but they do n't deserve this,
