  `` i 'm sure it will behave itself , '' he said . 
  merkel had the presence of mind to reply , in russian , `` ** it does n't eat journalists , after all ** . '' the german press corps was furious on her behalf -- `` ready to hit putin , '' according to a reporter who was present . 
  later , merkel interpreted putin 's behavior . 
  ** `` i understand why he has to do this -- to prove he 's a man , '' she told a group of reporters . 
  `` he 's afraid of his own weakness . 
  russia has nothing , no successful politics or economy . 
  all they have is this ** . '' that 's pretty much the only time i can remember her lashing out like this, 
  the ` migrant crisis ' is entirely misnamed . 
  it 's not a crisis that popped out of nothing and is going to vanish . 
  global migration was , is and will always be a political hercules task that any single country or leader can only try to manage , not solve . 
  it did not ` become ' anything . 
  likewise as someone else pointed out , merkel is not responsible for the global financial crisis and her capability to solve these issues largely depends on the other european leaders , non european leaders and often factors out of her control . 
  a more fitting example is merkel 's position in the russia-ukraine-europe conflict . 
  i really do welcome that she is not a hothead , that she has a working relationship with putin through the crisis and she has managed to make the whole thing a great deal more predictable , often resisting pushes from several interest groups to do either this or that . 
  we rather have insurance companies replace the few dozen cars every five years this happens and call it a day instead of acting like this is a zombie apocalypse, 
  i hate to quote wargames but sometime the best move is not to play . 
  most politicians do n't seem to know that not-acting or delaying a decision might be a very smart move depending on the situation . 
  more often than not , merkel 's hesitance has been beneficial . 
  real wages have n't been declining for virtually everyone . 
  simple example . 
  i work in software development , my wages have been going up . 
  this is not supposed to be an endorsement of egoism , just saying that not everybody in this country is somehow struggling to make ends meet , and many industries are doing well . 
  the middle-class can not complain , and germany 's middle-class is quite stable and large , especially in the context of the global financial meltdown and low growth in general . 
  it 's true that there is inequality and people at the bottom are not well off , but that is n't a problem that any country has really solved , and nobody else really has any answer either . 
  i 'd call that an advantage , democracies are supposed to move slowly , feature not a bug, 
  spd has a really solid , pragmatic program , but schulz sadly can not compete with merkel . 
   a lot can happen during the campaign i 'm not even sure there is a campaign , let alone that anything happens during it unless it turns out that merkel runs a child trafficking ring in a pizza parlor she 's going to win , let 's not kid ourselves . 
  schulz has no chance . 
   there is opposition to certain kinds of cooperation with russia in poland , and rightfully so imo . 
  that 's one thing where they 're doing better than we are . 
  they 're simply acting in their own interest , and they do so on basically all issues . 
  not having energy transported through the ee countries simply means loss of transit revenue and political leverage . 
  nothing more nothing less . 
  then that 's how it is . 
  i 'm a member and i do n't want a red/red/green government , most people i personally know agree . 
  i 'd be very happy if at some point we could get spd/greens/fdp but i do not want a government at all cost and at the price of bad policy . 
  funnily enough , the general population actually clearly rejects a far-left government too , it 's the main mobilisation for cdu voters as seen in the latest state elections . 
  so we 'll have to do a grand coalition again but i 'm glad that the party is not just following popular sentiment blindly . 
  that 's exactly what they 're proposing . 
  50 billion in additional spending , longer unemployment support and guaranteed free child services plus removal of private healthcare insurance and a significant investment into ( digital ) infrastructure . 
  that 's a solid program . 
  and yes sure , they 're an economically liberal party . 
  they ditched marxism 50 years ago in godesberg . 
  that 's not actually an insult , we 're a liberal market economy , the spd is a social liberal party on the centre / centre-left . 
  i did n't know that formulating sensible policy is somehow restricted to one single party at a time . 
  politicians , regardless of faction are supposed to speak the truth , not run on politically favorable slogans . 
  that is why german politics actually works . 
  i do n't care whether the fdp , cdu or spd governs as long as neither is selling out to lowest common denominator . 
  real wages have actually been rising steady over the [ last few years ] ( https://d3fy651gv2fhd3.cloudfront.net/charts/germany-wage-growth.png?s=germanywaggro&amp;v=201707031456v ) . 
  and that wages did n't rise until then was actually sensible . 
  even the unions argued in favour of wage restriction to retain employment . 
  given that the financial crisis hit some overly indebted and uncompetitive economies harshly this turned out to be a good , precarious move . 
  you should n't push for higher wages when you 're suffering from high unemployment and low productivity growth . 
  that is just symbolism . 
  you ca n't really blame an administration for long-term decision making . 
   there is simply no reason for the spd to exist if they do n't stand for workers . 
  there 's a very important difference between acting in the interests of workers and simply doing what the loudest group of workers wants . 
  simple example , trade deals . 
  have been shown to benefit the purchasing power of the average citizen and worker , yet rejected by the general population . 
  preference and sensible policy do n't always go hand in hand . 
  the agenda 2010 too was not unambiguously bad for workers , as it helped a significant number of people to re-enter the labour market . 
  i think the fact that the spd has produced a sensible program this election without giving in to more and more crass rhetoric is good , not bad . 
  i love wine , scotch and beer too much to not drink at all , but i have n't been really drunk in years . 
  i do n't really see the purpose of teetotal-ling other than being a recovering alcoholic or medical reasons . 
  [ i have an oddly relevant gif for this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fwndabs.gif ), 
   everyone else in the united states has to go to school and move to get a good job , it is just how it is . 
  manufacturing is special because for people with those jobs it is the best they can do with their skill set . 
  i think it would be great if those people could go to school , retrain , get new jobs , etc. 
  however that is never going to happen because there is simply no means too i mean you 're just making a descriptive statement here , you 're not giving justification why anybody should tolerate this . 
  i do n't think these people are destined to be unemployed . 
  [ here 's a nice article about an incubator helping software companies get off the ground in the rustbelt ] ( https://medium.com/backchannel/canary-in-the-code-mine-903884eca853 ) encouraging these people to stay in outdated jobs and acting like they are incapable to learn is both demeaning and objectively bad policy . 
  but this is true for the us too . 
  if you slap a tariff on some foreign import to protect industry x in the us , industry y * in the us * suffers because their costs are going to increase . 
  then those people might lose their jobs too or they 'll see their wages drop and they might have to move . 
  i 'm only talking about one country here . 
  why is it that a subset of workers , mostly industrial ones , think they are entitled to a job , do not have to move , do not have to retrain , but everybody else has to at their expense ? 
  this is the united states we 're talking about . 
  as i understand it the promise is the * opportunity * to success , you do n't get a guarantee and you 're supposed to put in your own work . 
  and if we protect them , why should anybody else take a hit on their paycheck ? 
  this is the whole problem with the rhetoric . 
  the lumber mill worker has a lobby and a face , the countless people working in any other industry who will profit from trade have no representative . 
  meh there 's a diminishing return to this iterative approach , ever new generation of phones is marginally less innovative then the ones before because consumer driven development gets you only so far . 
  genuine innovation is ` deep ' and generalised and based on principal research . 
  sure apple is very profitable and generates a lots of dollars and whatever , but what really is the fundamental improvement from the first iphone to the newest one ? 
  it 's the henry ford problem of `` if i 'd do what the consumers want i 'd be producing faster horses '' . 
  this market driven approach is vulnerable to turn you into a ` gimmick ' economy, 
  yes be glad that he puts his money where his mouth is . 
  reactionaries are willing to throw everything they got into political campaigns , he 's one of the few liberals that actually supply sufficient funding . 
  i like it too , i do n't know why people constantly complain about it . 
  it 's actually very economical and much better than sprawl also the 60s vision of paris reminds me of the [ forest city ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2017-06-22/the-100-billion-city-next-to-singapore-has-a-big-china-problem ) that china is building, 
  yeah absolutely . 
  due to work i already speak english 90 % of the time , would n't mind it at all, 
  german is n't really dominant in a functional sense other than being spoken in well ... countries with lots of german people . 
  it 's no lingua franca at all and i 've had no problem learning english . 
  i honestly do n't get it , i welcome the ease of communication , as far as i 'm concerned we can all speak english or whatever . 
  if we 'd all agree on one language i 'd gladly learn it, 
  the liberal conspiracy of the top 70 % can no longer be tolerated, 
   now who do you think won that 1,269 k ( 3.8 % ) majority referendum brexit vote ? 
  hint : it was n't the liberal + centrist elites , not businesses , not white collar professionals , not london , scotland or northern ireland , and not the youth . 
  i always love how they 're called centrist elites as if it is some small cabal and then when they are listed it 's like every normal person with an average white collar job in a city under the age of 70,
