  ur-fascism grows up and seeks for consensus by exploiting and exacerbating the natural fear of difference . 
  the first appeal of a fascist or prematurely fascist movement is an appeal against the intruders . 
  thus ur-fascism is racist by definition . 
  it 's historically true as well . 
  there is or was no fascist movement that was not racist . 
  this is a general problem , no regulation works . 
  quality standards , safety , taxation and so on . 
  i also remember a story of african americans in the us paying disproportionately for airbnb apartments . 
  if this was a hotel you 'd have legal recourse but it 's impossible in this case . 
  it 's not a form of business that we should incentivize . 
  because the electorate suffers from some collective form of adhd . 
  the voters are not able to understand anymore that politics can not solve every problem at a whim because they want to and so we 're seeing votes going to people who either blatantly lie or make pie in the sky promises that are completely absurd , or outright demagogic . 
  third way politics of the centre-left bend is unpopular because it is slow , incremental and requires constant engagement and endurance . 
  it 's precisely why clinton is struggling against trump . 
  no , he stood up for the paranoid siloviki faction of russian politics , while utterly failing to transform his nation into a globally connected 21st century economy . 
   give it like three or four years for the uk government to get its affairs in order and then we 'll see what they can do . 
  remember that britain 's greatest moments in history have come from being surrounded and outnumbered in a position where no-one thinks they can come out on top . 
  christ have you watched 300 too often ? 
  now we 've literally reached putin propaganda level . 
  no , the uk 's best time in history is right now , as is the case for any other european nation . 
   no , not really . 
  they 're bombing desert people and bullying the ukraine , both of which no-one really cares about in the grand scheme of things . 
  well that is kind of what hard power boils down to , the whole manifest destiny thing is just something nations come up with so that the slaughtering sounds nice . 
  there 's not much inherent meaning to it no matter what the muscle flexing is about and of course the uk is going to keep their security council seat , i 'm not following what this has to do with an eu membership . 
  what have they gained now in power that they did not have when they were part of the eu ? 
  how are they increasing their influence ? 
  being a strong economic power does n't mean that you will or can project actual power . 
  russia has an economy comparable to italy , are they not projecting a lot of power at the moment ? 
  to equate economic strength with political or military strength is a pretty big blunder that people have made throughout history . 
  if that were the case the vietcong would n't have stalemated the us . 
   the aim for the uk will likely be to look globally rather than regionally , and that is only possible outside of the eu . 
  that is n't a bad thing , and its not unreasonable . 
  yeah but it 's absolutely not true . 
  how is the uk supposed to project power globally without the eu ? 
  also this was n't what the vote was about at all . 
  it was an isolationist ` britain first ' campaign . 
  international power played about as much of a role as it does in trump 's campaign . 
  because we 've somehow moved instigating hate under the umbrella of free speech . 
  if a politician rallies up the masses and you have this crap happening over weeks they 're without a doubt responsible . 
  makes about as much sense as holding a rabid dog responsible instead of the owner . 
  as i said just in the last post , of course there must always be a good reason to violate someone 's autonomy . 
  in the case of opt in organ donation we are balancing the scales because saving thousands of lives or more is a very important public good . 
  we 'd not just do it because we 're bored . 
  of course choice of consensual sexual partnerships is an issue of bodily autonomy . 
  why would n't it be . 
  and bodily integrity is the same thing . 
  come on now you 're just splitting hairs . 
  same thing regarding the military . 
  of course there 's always a reason to limit bodily autonomy . 
  i did n't assert that anybody is doing it for fun . 
  selling your organs , or selling your body in the majority of european countries . 
  or consensual incest or polygamy . 
  self hurt is punishable if you happen to be a soldier . 
  go through the law and pick something . 
  you do not have the right to full bodily autonomy . 
  yes , you ca n't be a paid surrogate mother for example . 
  or consume every drug that you want . 
  those things are illegal . 
  with every managed resource there 's going to be accidents , corruption and so on . 
  that is true for your tax money as it is for organ donation . 
  of course not every donated organ will save someone , but a lot of them will . 
  to demand that every organ must save a life for this to be legitimate seems really unreachable . 
  i 'd agree if we had some kind of systemic organ black market scheme going on in europe but i do n't think that 's the case . 
  the system seems to be working really well . 
  it just lacks a lot of donors . 
  well for starters you ca n't really own a body period , the things decompose rather quickly . 
  secondly because matters of material , public health concern should supersede someone 's spiritual matters . 
  i mean if your soul is immortal the last thing you should be concerned about is the meaty packaging anyway . 
   there 's a booming trade in bric-a-brac . 
  genuinely ca n't tell if you 're serious or not , but i was n't talking about 70 year old people trading things on farmer markets physical bodies are n't private commodities , it makes no sense for them to be classified as such . 
  what are you going to do , sell old uncle hank on ebay ? 
   do you not think that a competitive devaluation would benefit them ? 
  not really because a competitive devaluation lowers your purchasing power proportionality , it 's not magic . 
  the living standard of greeks is in the same way inflated by a too strong currency as their labour competitiveness is deflated . 
  simply put , if they get their own currencies buying german medical products and machines is going to cost a pretty penny , and that stuff is really useful . 
  even most of greece 's food is imported . 
  their biggest export is refined oil products , which rely on crude oil imports . 
  so instead of bringing up barriers to push competition out and lower overall trade how about getting governance in order and restructuring the economy so that creating a business in greece actually is possible ? 
  the baltics and eastern europe have done it , and they started out much more unproductively than greece did . 
  and they still are much less wealthy in many cases . 
  sorry , but stop the bitching . 
  you presented one argument , namely that `` you do n't get to say what 's is the priority for other '' and yes , i do . 
  society does . 
  society collects a share of your physical labour , society tells you which drugs you are allowed to put into your body and which you ca n't use , we tell you in which places you can be and which you do n't , which part of your body you can sell and which you ca n't , and so on . 
  so you 're going to have to come up with something better than just some appeal to personal liberty , that 's not going to cut it . 
   the assumption should n't be that your carcass is property of the state . 
  it should de facto be property of the family if it should belong to anyone . 
  sorry but what can my family do with my carcass ? 
  a body ca n't be private property because property can be traded and provides utility to the heirs . 
  the only place where a dead body can provide utility is in the hand of doctors . 
  well sure i do , as in we have a social contract that limits your bodily autonomy . 
  you are n't allowed to sell your organs either . 
  you do n't hold absolutely ownership over your own body . 
  never have and never will . 
  welcome to society ? 
  and i 've gotten over the fact that people die , that 's why i do n't want to waste anybody 's organs for sentimental reasons, 
  putting a purely speculative and spiritual social taboo above the real physical concerns of living citizens seems unwarranted . 
  to let countless of people die because of what are essentially aesthetic sensibilities ( of the living , mind you , dead people have none ) is what seems disrespectful to me . 
  it is questionable whether the government should incentivize this form of home entrepreneurship . 
  first off such businesses can go broke very easily , even if you 'd not tax them at all .
