  south korea has missile defence in place , north korea is never going to get a nuke off the ground . 
  the only threat would be icbms launched from some unkown location , like a submarine but nk does n't possess that technology . 
  nukes only count if you can throw them farther than 100m, 
  yes , and people voted for him because of it , and a good deal of the gop now in full control of congress believes it too , so what is he going to do ? 
  this `` he 's a closet liberal you will see '' meme is so terrible . 
  no , now the us is actually going to get exactly what they were promised, 
  ... by running on the most hyper capitalist platform anybody has seen in a long time we 'll see how the rust belt takes trump 's tax cuts and the barrage of deregulation and cancellation of the aca . 
  i hope all that magically transforms into food and services because they 're gon na need it people called trump a racist because anger is what he won the election with . 
  clinton 's policies at least would not have actively hurt these people . 
  sure , she stood for grudgingly and painfully slow progress , but that 's better than trashing the whole place . 
  i agree with that sentiment . 
  after brexit and now this i do n't think i 'm going to try predict anything ever again . 
  historical experience is still too deep in the bones for that stuff to take root , and we have a fairly solid economic situation . 
  there 's luckily not that much of a culture of resentment here against the establishment . 
  seeing the results in pa , wisconsin , and michigan , there is some real deep hate going on in america 's working class . 
  it 's not just about emails . 
  i 'm pretty confident about france , if lepen makes it to the second round i guess she 'll vote her out . 
  they 'll have to scrape ginsburg out of that chair , you better believe it, 
  well they had salazar and franco in very recent history comparatively . 
  spain and portugal are bastions against that sort of thing . 
  strong anarchist tradition as well in spain, 
  at least now you do n't freak out before they chop your head off, 
  america you are motherfucking crazy, 
  because it 's not really ambitious and localised , man this is n't rocket science . 
  do n't be intentionally obtuse . 
  the us is the only thing on the planet that deserves that label , russia maybe again given the recent level of fuckery, 
  well sure , that 's how everybody thinks . 
  they at least keep it regional . 
   america in its entire history has fought only one aggressive war in asia because the us * are n't even on the asian continent * lmao . 
  i think you can start complaining about china when they start wars in latin america . 
  the us and russia fight wars all over the world , on a more or less constant basis , china basically keeps the power struggles in their backyard . 
  this is some real mind bending stuff, 
  let 's not get dramatic , they 're the most populous nation on earth . 
  it 's not like they 're rampaging over the planet like attila . 
  compared to american or russian geopolitical ambitions they 're practically in turtle-mode, 
  depends on the region . 
  if it 's democracies devolving into autocracies , yes . 
  if it 's war zones being stabilised , no . 
  also china is n't really an empire in any traditional sense . 
  they have no real imperialistic agenda , at least in that region of the world . 
  which in africa is an improvement over warlord reign , and it 's not like we 're actively succeeding at building democracy there, 
  at least they build something though , i do n't get it . 
  if some french or german company builds stuff in africa everybody is happy and they do n't do it for altruistic purposes either . 
  are the chinese especially vicious or what is it with the constant whining about the chinese ? 
  every time i hear this stuff i just hear `` china china china '' in trump 's voice, 
  it was also a pretty solid empire honestly, 
  vilification of public officials is always a great sign in a democracy ( this probably requires / s nowadays ), 
  exactly . 
  the article emphasises this because the author again talks purely in terms of political interests . 
  `` marxists oppose it , the right opposes it , sds opposes it . . '' overwhelming amount of people in germany oppose keynesian macro economics and deficit spending and favour austerity policies . 
  that does n't mean that it makes sense , it just meant that there 's lots of ideological interest involved . 
  the goal of politics can not be to drive off the cliff just because the majority demands it , democracy is n't a clown car . 
  that social democrats and the centre-left has adopted what is economic consensus is n't weakness any more than adopting traditional medicine over homeopathy . 
  vampires generally seem smart , i can see myself voting for a vampire, 
  well populism is a right wing thing and a left wing thing , it 's an extremist thing . 
  the word you 're looking for is conservative , although most conservative parties nowadays have at least partially embraced populist crap as well, 
  i know , did you even bother to read my post ? 
  stuttgart 21 is going to require the budget of a small nation when it is finished ( hopefully before the heat death of the universe ), 
  yup which is why this devaluation argument is kind of crappy , global supply chains are already a thing, 
  i 've heard that africa begins fifty miles south of rome , is that accurate ? 
  you ca n't actually just let buildings stand around . 
  if they are n't heated and cared for they deteriorate really quickly which makes the thing unlivable and bad to look at anyway and is a security problem if at some point somebody enters it . 
  if nobody 's paying for the maintenance there 's really no point in keeping it around . 
  i do n't actually know where that castle stands , but urban development also needs to happen economically , you ca n't just really build around old stuff constantly or you 're going to create a horrible maze . 
  also these old castles create huge energy waste , like most old buildings in general, 
  or we could tear the silly castle down and build cool new stuff . 
  old stuff vanishes , new stuff is being built , such is life, 
  it 's what turned me from the left during early college years towards centre-left liberal positions . 
  horseshoe theory is at work as far as the european left is concerned . 
  they have absolutely no interest to govern , they hold positions that are so populist that they 're indistinguishable from the right and the constant localism and free-trade hate is completely at odds with things the * international * left is supposed to be about . 
  if any attac members are reading this post , look at [ this graph ] ( https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/world-population-in-extreme-poverty-absolute.png?tab=chart&amp;size=1200x800&amp;v=a6b34554c989690fdf324ed18f0eedff ) and understand that you 're not doing the international worker any favours by abolishing global trade . 
   and as op stated , cdu and csu are conservative parties with a base that is convinced that homosexuality is somewhat wrong and therefore the parties ' stance is still against gay marriage . 
  let me give you another opinion . 
  i 'm rather in favour of removing the state completely from the institution of marriage than to start extending it to homosexuals . 
  it 's in itself a new discriminatory practise . 
  if mutual love , responsibility and consent are the pillars of marriage , which is the main argument for gay marriage after all , what 's the reason to keep polyamorous people out of the institution ? 
  this whole affair seems to me like putting an ox in front of a car . 
  it 's the institution that 's rusty , what 's the point of shoving more groups into it ? 
  that 's not one sided solidarity , as the states of germany , mexico and the us are subject to federal law in their respective nations . 
  if the german government tells bavaria to take in refugees they 're not like `` nah do n't feel like it right now '', 
   intellectual terrorism that 's not actually a thing given that the characteristic of all terrorism is destruction , you probably should n't engage in that kind of double speak when you talk about superstition, 
  exactly . 
  `` thinking fast and slow '' should be a required read before anybody hops on reddit . 
  people seriously complain about foreign state pushed radicalisation in religious institutions and then reply with `` just nationalise them , no problem ! '', 
  the irony is n't exactly hard to see, 
  democracy is not just mob rule , it 's the state of law , humanitarian values , due process etc. . 
  we 're not in the business of killing people just because they have the tiniest chance of committing a crime again , as their life also has value . 
  i do n't really know why it matters what you 're sick of , luckily our justice system is n't build on your gut feeling then . 
  you 're living in a democracy , we do n't just go around and chop people 's head 's of because it makes you happy, 
  sorry but we 're neither americans , nor canadians , nor aboriginal australians . 
  crime rates and recidivism differs across countries . 
  as long as you do n't find me different numbers for germany i have little reason to care about what happens in the australian outback . 
   so by your logic , if theoretically not punishing these boys for the brutal gang rape at all - not even suspended sentences , would result in no recidivism from them at all - we should do that . 
  on the basis that all we care for is preventing recidivism . 
  justice is pretty much completely nullified as a concept for the sake of practicality yes , i do n't care for ` eye for an eye ' logic , not even a watered down version . 
  this is revenge not justice . 
  justice is a state a society lives in , not retribution for a crime . 
  justice is helping the girl so that she can live a normal life again and helping the perpetrators so that they do n't commit crimes again . 
  justice is not punching you in the face because you punched me in the face . 
  as others have already point out this is a primitive reflex , not something you do in an advanced society .
