  yes lol http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/1.681525 bibi has completely lost the plot, 
  yeah old man with a beard , what 's the issue ? 
   he sexually harassed women he * was accused * of sexually harassing women , none of which was ever proven and some of the claims have turned out to be fabricated or have been consensual . 
  because aestheticization of politics is the essence of fascism probably a good time to link to walter benjamin 's great essay [ * the work of art in the age of mechanical reproduction * ] ( https://www.marxists.org/reference/subject/philosophy/works/ge/benjamin.htm ), 
  i actually always had the opposite impression . 
  obama is such an analytical guy that his silk smooth speeches always seemed choreographed to me . 
  he 's basically like a charismatic version of merkel . 
  whereas bill actually seems more genuine with his southern attitude and all, 
  of course it can . 
  i went to a catholic private school and i have no sympathy for nuttery . 
  you can give education from a particular point of view while acknowledging precisely that . 
  you do n't need to endorse a point of view just because you 're teaching from one . 
  i can take a history course through the lens of marxism without starting the next revolution, 
  does n't really mean it 's bad tho , the only thing that should be guaranteed is that the standard of the curriculum is adequate and that it 's not indoctrination or anything . 
  now you 're seen as christian commies, 
  okay , but what 's bad about it . 
  you can also do a secular ethics thing i thought so you 're free to choose ? 
  nothing wrong with a religious education, 
  this is n't so bad in germany because we 've largely avoided the ` megacity ' phenomenon and with that the worst blunt of inequality and crime . 
  i do n't know why you react overly aggressive , i was n't bashing the us or trying to ` win ' , but it 's not really deniable that it 's an exceptionally violent country . 
  nope , it 's just significantly more violent than most comparable countries . 
  and i do n't really consider that an argument either , after all people in ghettoes are still people , this is n't normal, 
  500 people have been killed by cops this year alone and the homicide rate is like four times higher per capita than in the rest of the developed world interesting definition of safe, 
  i would say because it is referred to as ` marriage ' in our constitution so it seems reasonable to continue using that word . 
  upset religious people are not going to be granted hegemony over our vocabulary . 
  in germany this is not so . 
  all marriages here are civil , and it was very intentionally done this way . 
  we have no recognition of religious marriage like for example in israel . 
  the ceremony in a church is purely traditional , you get officially * married * at a municipality office . 
  if religious people want to continue to deny that gay people can marry they are free to do that in private , but marriage here is a civil institution . 
  this is not just wordplay , it 's about a secular state and in this case also adoption rights . 
  no what can not be defended is a distinction in the first place if there is no argument in favour of it . 
  we are operating under civil law , we 're a civil society . 
  something just being a certain way is n't justification to continue it . 
  there was never a reason , under the definition of marriage laid out in our legal code , to exclude same sex-couples other than just declaring it a priori to be so . 
  her conservatism usually did n't entail endorsing reactionary traditionalist positions that ca n't be defended in rational discourse . 
  see cameron 's statements , enduring bonds between people who take responsibility for each other is undoubtedly a conservative value . 
  this is n't conservatism . 
  pressed on the issue her usual response was `` i do n't feel right about it '' . 
  i do n't know about you but not feeling right about something in a state of law usually is n't sufficient basis for discrimination , no matter if you 're conservative or liberal or whatever else not only can you be conservative and vote in favour of gay marriage if you feel uneasy about it , you * must vote in favour of it * if uneasiness is the only thing you can come up with . 
  if facebook wants to operate in germany it must follow german law , this should not be controversial . 
  this does n't make germany a global arbiter of free speech any more than having companies abide to environmental law makes us the global arbiter of environmental issues . 
  facebook or google technically would n't even be obliged to act globally , they could , just as youtube does , deny access to the content based on location . 
  if facebook thinks that adjusting their platform makes more sense in general , well bad luck . 
  after all i ca n't see a naked breast on facebook because apparently americans are scared of them . 
  international businesses will adjust their behaviour to the laws and demands of the markets . 
  this is n't news . 
  you are just experiencing what everybody else experiences when they deal with an american business , just that in this case . . a company is actually responding to the demand of the german and french regions rather than your own . 
   you ca n't get an objective definition of what is and is n't hate speech i do n't know what that means . 
  you do n't need an ` objective ' definition to create laws . 
  ` hate speech ' in german called * volksverhetzung * is dealt with under \u00a7 130 of the criminal code . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksverhetzung the law exists , and has been applied , since the german federal state exists . 
  the only thing the new law does it , surprise , actually apply it to companies running businesses on the internet . 
  which is in contrast to what people might believe , not a legal free zone . 
  the german supreme court ( or any other supreme court i know of ) does not `` declare rights '' , the court rules on the constitutionality of legislation . 
  given that the german constitution mentions marriage exactly once  `` marriage and the family shall enjoy the special protection of the state . '', 
  and does not mention sex or gender , most experts agree that there is no basis for discrimination . 
   they want it . 
  they want a less corrupt , more open economy , a more transparent government , less cronyism ... these are honest problems affecting russia , and a patriot brings those to attention to try to fix them , not brush it under the carpet and let leaders get away with it . 
  this will not register with the so called ` patriots ' . 
  for them disagreement is treason and being different is dangerous . 
  they can not and will never understand what a pluralistic society is . 
  they think that the only way for society to exist is to march in order , someone who is critical is not seen as a driver of change but as a dangerous rebel . 
  it is the same with these people everywhere , not just in russia . 
  there 's a huge conservative bismarck circlejerk in germany , ask any historian you find at a random german university who their favourite historical figure is and i will guarantee you get bismarck 90 % + of the time, 
  if enthusiasm for macron continues for more than four hours at a time you should visit your nearest physician, 
  takes about 20 minutes to set up for a layman nowadays if you can follow a tutorial and at this point i know more people that do use pgp than i know proton mail users, 
  or you could stop getting your pants wet about every statement and acknowledge that working has benefits beyond compensation , that low paid work is n't shameful or evil and that this should n't be controversial in a market economy, 
  and in what way does the fact that work itself , even unpaid , is important imply that i or anybody else endorses slavery or that we should in fact not pay anybody ? 
  the good ` ol `` a day of fairly mundane work = = slavery '' we have such a thing as a social contract, 
  i too post snarky one liners when i have no arguments left, 
  i do n't care if we call it deinustralized or post-industrialized or whatever word you like to pick , and i also honestly do n't know what we are discussing at all . 
  the simple point since the first post has been , that engaging in trade with a country is good even if it is protectionist , because the costs of protectionism fall on the country that subsidises their own industry , at the expense of the broad population . 
  we can replace loss of steel jobs with whatever the fuck we want , i still do n't understand what is actually being contested here . 
  nobody is denying that fact and instead telling me how the chinese are apparently trying to take over the world, 
  services and modern industry , the same thing that 's been replacing them since the developed world started deindustrializing 30 years ago . 
  i guess we could start a trade war in that case , but china is a rational actor so they 're not going to do that , are you aware that china is producing eight times as much steel as the whole eu and that we 're already a net importer ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_steel_production you better start to get into your bunker if you 're afraid about the chinese because it 's a little to late to be afraid now . 
  we 're also importing one third of our food , if you think that we 're not already fully dependent on trade you 've been living under a rock, 
  sorry for not repeating the daily r/europe populist nonsense , it sure is offending to listen to economists once in a while, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0pl_fxt0em not a real economist eh ? 
  that 's what we have an education system and a welfare state for . 
  also , buying subsidized goods from china obviously creates jobs and lowers cost for industries somewhere else in the country . 
  i do n't really see why we should keep an industry alive that barely employs anybody and is going to be replaced in a few years anyway . 
  let the chinese take over environmentally hazardous , unhealthy work if they 're so keen on it , how is that bad ? 
  so you 're just afraid of the scary chinese , got it now we 've apparently transitioned to economic xenophobia as well, 
  that means we want steel , do you know how trade works ? 
  we do n't produce anything we need at the place we need it . 
  that would be terrible , that is why trade is a thing . 
  i assume you like to drink beer . 
  do you run a brewery ? 
  we need econ in schools, 
  it 's bad enough that it plagues us , now it has apparently infected macron and this subreddit, 
  good , what do we need a steel industry for , are you afraid they killl the horse carriage industry too ? 
  this subreddit is a single case of badeconomics, 
  you seem confused about basic macro . 
  forget money . 
  if two countries trade with each other and send each other goods then the country getting lots of goods for few goods in exchange profits . 
  you do n't want money , you want steel , or a car , or food and so forth . 
  if china subsidizes their industry their people do n't get more goods , we get cheap goods .
