  in fact often times military types in administrative positions seem overly parochial and paranoid , and distrustful of anybody who is n't part of the military , see russia 's siloviki faction . 
  in fact for administrators it 's often counter-productive to be experts themselves , because experts tend to , at least sometimes , hold pronounced and myopic views that are not transferable . 
   he lacks a fundamental understanding of basic international diplomacy he does n't only lack understanding , he 's cognitively unfit to be in this position . 
  he does n't even read most of the briefing material , [ even if distilled down to one page ] ( http://www.politicususa.com/2017/05/15/buried-wapo-report-advisers-trump-read-one-page-security-briefings.html ) , the american president is functionally illiterate, 
  when the beliefs got so bad that you had to invent an alternate reality to make them work, 
  just let everybody buy porn and stop the shitty anglo puritanism , after bringing back fox hunting are you trying to return to the victorian era ? 
  vote for technocrats stop voting for comedians , that 's pretty much it, 
  it is , actually  today we 're putting neural machine translation into action with a total of eight language pairs to and from english and french , german , spanish , portuguese , chinese , japanese , korean and turkish . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.blog.google/products/translate/found-translation-more-accurate-fluent-sentences-google-translate/ ), 
  google uses statistical machine translation for most languages at the moment which is machine learning , but not `` deep learning '' which is a fancy word for saying `` neural networks with hidden layers '' they are testing out deep learning for a handful of languages at the moment . 
  if that 's something that interests you : https://research.google.com/pubs/pub45610.html, 
  disagree , the french system is actually able to form strong majorities and will give macron a chance to govern . 
  given the splintered french landscape a proportional system would likely result in a standstill . 
   the eu does not work this way . 
  the money does not clear . 
  this is why germany has a target2 balance of $ 800bn . 
  if you would require assets / liabilities to clear between the national central banks ( which in countries like the us happens annually ) , greek banks would basically have to provide assets like gold , or securities to german banks or face inability to do further business . 
  you would effectively have erected a kind of gold standard . 
  to then ensure liquidity you 'd have to capitalize the greek banks with german money ( sometimes happens in the us internally through say a bailout or fiscal transfer into the debtor regions ) and you 'd basically have the same effect you have if you just rack up the target2 imbalances . 
  target2 is n't some spooky thing , it 's simply the accounting result of uneven capital flows within the eurozone . 
  it 's as big of a deal as recognizing the fact that money say flows from manchester to london rather than into the other direction . 
  well all of the ` new ones ' anyway . 
  failed biographies , criminal background , very young , highly unorganised , uneducated and so on . 
  they basically look like the islamic version of school shooters . 
  which also makes the connection to religion itself spurious . 
  when you look at the terrorists of the 9/11 generation who were generally highly organised , educated and authentically fanatic these people look like they take isis as an excuse to go on a killing spree . 
  i only know [ oskaar from iceland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5q77mqzu2q ) . . and that is pretty much what i expect all of iceland to be like, 
   maybe in suicide attempts in total , but in successful suicide attempts both sexes use more or less similar methods . 
  well of course , that 's why they 're grouped as successful by definition , any other result would imply that the method themselves works differently on men or women which makes no sense . 
  hanging kills men just as effectively as it kills women , that 's not a huge surprise . 
  the different * overall * choice of method is what produces the result in outcome , as [ suicide * attempt * rates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gender_differences_in_suicide#differing_methods_by_gender ) are higher for women , yet they survive much more often . 
   and a country can produce every single technology across the board , there is no technical reason why not . 
  there is an economic reason why not and i said it just in the last post , comparative advantage . 
  you do n't want to build things you 're not very efficient at building . 
  you want to specialise in things you 're very good at and trade with other countries in areas that they 're very good at for the net benefit of both . 
  given that we 're talking about our primary strategic ally here the political aspect should be negligible . 
  i 've no direct experience with the netherlands but the influence of protestantism on german mainstream culture is so intensive that i would n't draw a line at all . 
  the work-ethic , the moral superiority stuff , the puritanism , incorporation into the state and so on . . even secular society is basically protestant and vice versa . 
  everybody in northern / central europe should read weber 's `` the protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism '' because all the protestant stuff is still alive and well catholics are n't more numerous , they just stand out . 
  division of labour is a thing . 
  we are perfectly capable of building a large array of state of the art machinery , and building things we can buy would be redundant and a waste of resources . 
  no single country can excel at producing every technology across the board , and there is no specific reason in this case to develop a fifth generation fighter . 
  nuclear energy has no real future in the developed world because its capital intensive investment is dependent on growing future profits . 
  as many european countries are hitting a cap in energy consumption traditional energy companies are not able to realise these profits any more . 
  you can see this in germany too where classical energy companies that rely on coal and nuclear energy are running into giant budget problems . 
  especially the high amortisation rate of nuclear facilities means that they 'll not be economically competitive . 
  for a more detailed argument see m.v. 
  ramana 's article in this [ nature publication from last year ] ( https://www.nature.com/articles/nenergy201520 ), 
   in this case , i must partly disagree . 
  i agree that we should help out our fellow human beings , but taking all of them in is demographic and cultural suicide . 
  nobody does that . 
  i and many others would merely like to see countries step up their effort to help at least a significant amount of people , of course not everybody can be helped . 
  also i would like countries to lower their restriction on legal migration so that we can give more people the opportunity to move . 
  and there is no need to be afraid of a cultural suicide . 
  most immigrant communities integrate fine after two or three generations , and yes that is also true for most non-european immigrants in germany . 
  that many of them have not yet caught up economically is not primarily an immigrant but a class issue . 
  after all children of academics are still seven times ( ! ), 
  more likely to graduate in germany than non-academic children regardless of background . 
  so we can hardly expect equality here after only two generations . 
  in cases where immigration has failed , i do n't accept any fatalism but want to improve our integration effort and policies . 
  i 'll put it much more strongly , that discussion is already over . 
  these services will revolutionise the medical area here too , as soon as the benefits in quality of treatment and cost become apparent to the public politics will have no option but to change their position . 
  the only question that is left is whether we are willing to participate and influence the development , pace and framework or whether we 're going to put our heads into the sand . 
  this is roughly analogous to the free-trade debate . 
  protesting against ttip in the streets will not stop free-trade , it only means that we 're not going to have a say in it.i think we should spare us that silly dance that will only set us back and try to get the most pragmatic and best position out of it . 
  just imagine some people in the 19th century sitting around and debating to have a vote on the industrial revolution . 
  that 's basically what this is . 
  no , the 60s were not most prosperous . 
  people worked 50 hours a week , the life expectancy was significantly lower , the labour protection was shit and the jobs neckbreacking , and the class mobility was atrocious . 
  the median income , hours worked and so on has vastly improved over the 60 's . 
  oh and the public services were shit too , women had no ability work etc etc. . you can make the case that by some metrics the early 2000s and time before the financial crisis was more pleasant than things are right now , but that 's nitpicking on a high level . 
  while most of the theoretical research in the field is public and decades old , basically all practical innovation is pushed by private business nowadays . 
  i have no ideological predisposition , but no government is showing the capability to conduct the research publicly . 
  if they did i 'd support it , but they do n't , so that 's what we have to work with . 
  and to stay on top of the scientific progress is more important than some dogma about ` trustworthy researchers ' . 
  if we do n't participate ibm will simply move to china or the united states where they have no such illusions , and we will be entirely left out , unable to shape * any * regulation or exercise any influence . 
  not really feasible to gather enough data just on a non-systematic , volunteer basis for this kind of work . 
  you need huge , varied datasets ( talking about millions and millions if not billions of image data for example ) here to make any further progress . 
  that 's what the state of research is at the moment . 
  to give you a practical example , the gdr ( which did not lead the world in most things ) , was one of the leading places in the world for diabetics research . 
  why ? 
  because they had an unparalleled collection of centralized patient data to conduct epidemiological studies on . 
  which was vital advantage in the field at the time . 
  this is the situation here to . 
  if you maintain a process where everybody has to manually sign in , you 're not going to get enough information . 
  oh come on , from the blog post  to own a nation 's data is to enslave that nation . 
   extracting a nation 's data is a modern form of imperial conquest . 
  this is what could be called ` data luddism ' . 
  i work in a field closely related to this and what is happening here is that we 're seeing a huge paradigm shift in medical treatment where we move from broad generalised care to data driven individual care with the assistance of machine learning and other statistical models , which is also mentioned in the blog . 
  deepmind has already started to work with the nhs in the uk on those very same issues . 
  for this to work huge amount of training data is required , there 's no way around it . 
  ( at the moment ) . 
  there is enormous potential for care improvement here . 
  especially image detection tasks that require the attention of tens of thousands of trained professionals could be entirely automated and be made available to the public in the next few years . 
  that 's way too much of an opportunity too ignore because of this privacy mania . 
  it 's such an inconsistent attitude with the ` progressive ' crowd , too . 
  how do people imagine scientific progress happens without sharing data ? 
  i 'm not a leftist but i am what you could call a globalist . 
  why ? 
  because i think every human being is worth exactly the same and because everybody should earn their place instead of inherit it .
