  this administration is a grassroots effort , the dreaded elites have nothing to do with this . 
  this is ` the people ' governing, 
  the idea of the ` citizen in uniform ' is not new . 
  the primary motivation for it in germany was to have civil society cycle through the military both to give citizens a sense of responsibility and to have civil oversight in the army . 
  the goal here is n't to train soldiers . 
  the goal behind this is to avoid outsourcing of the military to private actors . 
  given the proliferation of mercenary like armies i think this is a good idea . 
  http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2014/12/01/quiet-german it 's mentioned in this profile of her ( long read }, 
  did some german company steal your job , you sound salty as hell man . 
  i do n't know what 's wrong with appreciating a good system , has nothing to do with me being german or not . 
  as i said , the us economy has some of the most innovative businesses yes , but they do n't have a broad manufacturing base any more . 
  this is even regionally visible with much of us innovation being concentrated in tiny areas on the map . 
  this is the case in many european countries . 
  germany is just the example i brought up because i am familiar with it personally , but it is certainly true for other countries as well , switzerland and denmark notably for example . 
  and people do love the model of the mittelstand . 
  we frequently had execs from china visiting our businesses to emulate strategies and create partnerships . 
  if innovation is measured in increase in productivity and profit germany 's mittelstand is very much innovative . 
  they are extremely connected and are robust when it comes to competition . 
  something that big tech startups can not sustain which is why their lifespan is so extremely limited . 
  modest small incremental improvement is precisely how innovation is made . 
  your claim is simply ridiculous given germany 's position in the world economy . 
  if we 'd only be innovative in one field we 'd not see the economic development we do . 
  i have worked with business that supplies corporations in the united states with services and goods . 
  they have a few really cutting edge industries , but the broad base of the american economy is extremely unproductive , relies on exports from germany , the netherlands etc. . and can barely sustain itself . 
  this contrast is exactly what we see play out in us politics right now . 
  did that one hit a little too close home ? 
  yes , it 's a purely opportunistic position . 
  i still remember that le pen tweet supporting the suicide guy who shot himself in the head in the notre dame to protest gay marriage . 
  http://i.imgur.com/cmhfhfn.jpg gay rights my ass . 
  every homosexual person who buys into this shtick is as deluded as the rest of her supporters . 
  yup if there 's one example of real world example of anti-authoritarian communism it would the spanish resistance and it 's cultural successors . 
  people on reddit always fawn over 1984 but they should just pick up a copy of homage to catalonia, 
  machinery for example . 
  take the solar energy or manufacturing sector . 
  german hidden champions are very strong and are a vital part of production chain in basically any industry sector , hence our stability even during economic recessions . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/hidden-champions-power-growth/a-16321468  simon believes the biggest difference between germany and the rest of the world lies in the sheer number and economic weight of the hidden champions . 
  statistics produced by his research team make that point impressively . 
  there are a total of around 2700 of these hidden champions worldwide . 
  some 1300 of them - about half - are located in germany . 
  by comparison , the us - with almost four times as many inhabitants as germany - has only about 360 hidden champions . 
  and these numbers are impressive : the entire mittelstand - to which the hidden champions belong - represents 80 percent of jobs in germany . 
  only 20 percent of all workers are employed in large corporations . 
  they outpace growth of large companies routinely and are n't susceptible to dumping in other countries because they 're highly specialised on areas where they can remain competitive and not easily be undercut . 
   slow and steady and risk aversion is ingrained in german culture . 
  innovation does not come from this mindset . 
  depends on what your definition of innovation is . 
  silicon valley type innovation is essentially consumer level toy innovation . 
  if it is not marketable it can not be built in the valley . 
  the question is really who can produce sustainable , long term innovation on a level that actually moves industries and technology forward . 
  snapchat can draw billions of money in investment , but i have trouble seeing how it is anything but a new version of shoving advertisement down someone 's throat . 
  it is not new technology . 
  this can be very much seen when looking at what positive this ` innovation ' has on all of societies . 
  how many people really profit from silicon valley in a real , material sense ? 
  almost exclusively the people working there . 
  real technological innovation drives all of society forward , but this is not it . 
  which is precisely the problem with the fancy american entrepreneurship spirit that people try to import . 
  in eight of ten cases you fail , have no insurance , make basically no money and get nothing out of it . 
  daimler on the other hand is probably going to be around for another hundred years . 
  yes , long standing family businesses and big corporations are not sexy , but they work damn well . 
  i have absolutely no idea why emulating the american gig economy that provides no security for large portions of the population is something we want to emulate . 
  merkel has survived about a dozen of them i seriously doubt that this stuff upsets her . 
  i loved her reaction after putin tried to scare her with his dog . 
   i understand why he has to do this -- to prove he 's a man . 
  he 's afraid of his own weakness . 
  russia has nothing , no successful politics or economy . 
  all they have is this . 
  there 's the famous marx quote from his essay about the rise of napoleon '' history repeats itself , `` first as tragedy , then as farce '' '' so i mean clown hitler is probably what you 'd expect right about now . 
  and as we all know even a funny small man from corsica could fuck things up bigly . 
  even a clown president in the us has the full authority of a president . 
  erdogan and putin are ridiculous as well . 
  putin literally rides around on horses half naked but this does n't make him any less powerful . 
  everything is ridiculous nowadays , that 's not making it less dangerous . 
  everybody understands the proportions and still recognises what a big giant fuck up trump is . 
  you think being a bad person starts at death camps ? 
  are you reading what you are posting ? 
  in that piece her statements make it clear that she does n't apologise for her actual policies but only for the perception in the public eye , and the temporary difficult situation . 
   however , she did not distance herself from her decision last september to keep open germany 's borders to thousands of refugees stranded at keleti station in budapest . 
  the mistake , the chancellor said , was that she and her government had not been quicker to prepare for the mass movement of people triggered by conflicts in the middle east . 
   `` if i was able to , i would turn back time by many , many years , so that i could have prepared the whole government and the authorities for the situation which hit us out of the blue in the late summer of 2015 , '' she said . 
  that taking in people is a moral commitment and was not a mistake is something that nobody but the afd has ever questioned . 
  letting people in was a conscious decision . 
  that this was n't a permanent solution was also clear from the beginning . 
  the afd is n't controlling government politics even if they want to believe it . 
  nobody said oops because nobody is sorry for anything . 
  during all of this the government had and has support from civil society in this country . 
  which is exactly why the afd is becoming irrelevant again . 
  i mean just using the word floodgates ten times in one post does n't make the post any better . 
  you 're confusing things here . 
  * nobody * ever advocated to `` just led the floodgates open '' that is a silly meme far-right wingers have been throwing at the governing parties , stop taking their nonsense at face value . 
  yes , it is objectively good . 
  no that is not a ridiculous notion . 
  i 've not gone down the relativist rabbithole and believe that live in some kleptocratic authoritarian country is just as good as it is here . 
  we have our international institutions to thank for this . 
  well in the us you basically have half the population supporting this shit , so i do n't see any system correcting this anyway and i think enabling ukip politics in the uk was sheer cameron stupidity . 
  there was no reason at all for him to initiate the stupid referendum . 
  i 'm not sure if the system is really at fault in both cases . 
  yes . . it kinda does . 
  the post-war order is the basis for security and prosperity in the western world , and he wants it to throw it away for nothing . 
  that 's as close as you can get to being cartoonishly bad . 
   if the others have to adapt i would go even so far and say it 's in its prime .
