  if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . 
  -- in this formulation , i do not imply , for instance , that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies ; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion , suppression would certainly be unwise . 
  but we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force ; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument , but begin by denouncing all argument ; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument , because it is deceptive , and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols . 
  we should therefore claim , in the name of tolerance , the right not to tolerate the intolerant . 
  we should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law , and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal , in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder , or to kidnapping , or to the revival of the slave trade , as criminal . '' i think attributing their attitude to ` lack of critical thinking ' is very dangerous . 
  the ` fake news ' idea is about consciously rejecting truth as anything valuable . 
  you * can not * talk to someone who embraces that position . 
  the classic mode of journalism , that is big established publications with standards , investigative resources and so on precisely do * not * only report to specific subsets of people . 
  the nyt , spiegel , bbc , economist what have you have always been read by a broad range of people . 
  it is precisely internet ` journalism ' that fractures the readership into small bubbles . 
  and i am very convinced that the traditional medium is inherently better . 
  not only are the writers trained , they are also accountable . 
  joe schmoe on facebook has absolutely no standard and his bullshitting will be forgiven one day after he posted nonsense . 
  this guerilla warfare mode of news is completely unaccountable to anybody . 
  that is why it is so popular to disseminate conspiracy theories and extremist opinion in the first place . 
  i do n't believe in educationism actually . 
  technically speaking we 're educating people , it 's the flat hierarchies that are killing us . 
  ever since everybody is their own news broadcaster on facebook and we 've been talking about politicising and democratising everything we are having these problems . 
  we 're suffering from the problems of athenian democracy because we 're nonstop being memed into ridiculous decisions , we need to get some air between the popular will and political decision making . 
  the us primary process is suffering especially badly from this . 
  this does n't even make sense geopolitically as the uk inside the eu was much more of an asset for the us than a uk outside of it . 
  hence obama 's campaign to keep the uk in . 
  likewise tpp which was an economic measure to keep the pacific rim countries in an atlantic alliance rather than hand them over to china , which trump also put into the dumpster . 
  now they 're basically forced to join china 's one belt development program if they do n't want to get pincered . 
  nothing of this makes any fucking sense even if you look at it purely from a perspective of us self-interest . 
  it 's that stupid . 
  no wonder xi and putin are laughing their fucking asses of over this, 
  wait what nonsense is this ? 
  how are lobbyists supposed to mess with infrastructure investments ? 
  you ca n't just throw the word lobbyist in there and act like it constitutes an argument . 
  examples of this happening ? 
  what has the financial crisis to do with public infrastructure investment ? 
  this man is going to live to 120 !, 
  wait and see, 
  did you just call me a prussian militarist ? 
  you borrow money when interest is low and pay back money when your investment is returning profit and the interest is high , this is n't rocket science . 
  it 's what every sane business on this planet does this has nothing to do with trickle down economics . 
  investment could happen in the form of social housing , increased capacities for vocational training , digital infrastructure or whatever . 
  one additional country gives you a huge benefit if you expose yourself to the media , the culture and so on . 
  yes , it is only one country but the act of acquiring a foreign language , talking to people in that language , picking up idioms customs and so on is a huge deal because it puts you out of your comfort zone . 
  i know silly stereotype and not true for every single american , but many do n't really tend to immerse themselves in other cultures that much . 
  50 % do n't even have a passport . 
  in a way the us is a very insular place . 
  many cultural ideas are purely american products . 
  american anarchism and libertarianism for example is basically a solely us artefact and it has nothing to do with its left-wing origins in europe , americans christianity is very different from its european version and so on . 
  well that street is in berlin , so i 'm technically being optimistic about my country ; ) but i 'm not trying to deride the american people , i 'm very aware that this government is n't representative of all of them . 
  spoiler alert , the gdr does n't actually exist any more, 
  which in itself is disgusting , given her position i think if we would just pick any random person on that street and put them into office we 'd increase the level of competence and historical awareness, 
  i 'm not opposed to redistributing wealth and yes high inequality usually has negative impact on growth , from the beginning i 've just been saying that i do not want to burden companies too much or curb trade , because these things are actually good and increase overall prosperity . 
  if you want to fight inequality there 's many things you can do , provide more social services , create cheaper training , bring better infrastructure to communities that have been left over , but going back to nationalism that will just cost jobs in an anachronism . 
  bubbles are largely the result of mispriced assets on a gigantic scale . 
  globalisation has probably fueled it but only in the sense how modern communication has increased surveillance . 
  you do n't really want it but you 're not going to throw your smartphone away because of it . 
  there need to be new solutions that empower people individually , drawing borders is n't going to help . 
  yes it 's only an accounting identity but many regions in germany are legitimately in need of some fresh blood so apart from the numbers it 's actually a good thing . 
  lots of communities that suffer from low investment and demand due to demographic reasons alone . 
  this makes sense economically for germany . 
   can we agree that those `` smart '' policies of market liberalization have lead , in most countries , to increased debt , low growth , low innovation , increased poverty and social tension . 
  making it empirically bad policy ? 
  they have sometimes and not always coincided with low growth and increased debt . 
  in the us we saw a reduction in debt during the clinton era of liberalization policies and we 're still seeing good growth there . 
  that we 're not seeing post-war growth seems natural . 
  europe also had good growth up until the financial crisis , and much of the lack of growth now is mismanaged euro policies , especially austerity . 
  not to mention that a lack of growth in the 70 's is what lead to the rise of thatcherism and other policies in the first place . 
  i do n't see the intrinsic connection . 
  liberalization can create inequality , but i do n't really see it related to economic growth . 
  germany should probably increase demand a bit in the eurozone , but there are bigger problems . 
  some countries in the eurozone definitely need a more liberal policy , they can combine it with a welfare state if they want to mitigate negative effects . 
  this is actually not a contradiction , you can have a welfare state and at the same time liberalize the economic sector . 
  it is much preferable to rigid labour market policies combined with a lack of welfare . 
  one thing regarding the first sentence :  that 's simply wrong , without demand no growth . 
  simply put if there is no money to buy goods , it does n't matter how cheaply you can produce said goods . 
  everything you produce a surplus of automatically creates equivalent demand if you want to trade it away for other things . 
  that 's say 's law and simply a tautology . 
  ( flawed in reality ) what we 're talking about is political measures to change demand . 
  what causes economic growth is innovation through say education , invention and the resulting increase in productivity . 
  aggregate demand in itself does not increase growth in sustainable fashion , it only increases nominal growth . 
  occasionally it can make sense to increase aggregate demand , at other times it may not . 
  the german government could take a loan of a bazillion dollars , pump it into the economy and we 'd have insane growth on paper . 
  that would n't be real sustainable growth of course , it would just mean we bought a lot of stuff . 
  the average german worker is not working for a `` slave wage '' , but flexible wages mean that german companies can stay competitive , remain in germany and continue to innovate in the country . 
  what good are your high wages if everybody runs off to the usa or china and you 're sitting on your fair but completely non-dynamic economy ? 
  the german economy is n't ruined , we 're doing very well . 
  there also is no fundamental difference in interest between krupp and its workers . 
  that is why * the unions * decided to take a paycut in the early 2000 's when unemployment was high . 
  this was not a political decision , but one made * by the workers themselves * . 
  i said ` barely risen ' not , ` not at all ' . 
  if you want to have a discussion stop the fucking nit-picking . 
  this is wages and productivity compared in one graph in the dev . 
  world . 
  http://futurehrtrends.eiu.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2014/06/24-1.jpg yes there 's divergence but it 's not overly dramatic . 
  another indicator , unit labour cost https://www.gsb.stanford.edu/sites/gsb/files/styles/1630x_variable/public/resources/chart-europe-labor-costs.jpg?itok=asnzgcb2 shows that many countries had extremely fast growing costs while not improving their productivity . 
  yes , germany slacked behind in wage development but given the major financial crises and globalisation that seemed like a smart move . 
  wages are rising again nowadays without having dragged our economy down . 
  i 'm not even a fucking right-winger , i 'm just not willing to ruin our economy because people whine about inequality all day . 
  the wages have n't risen because productivity has barely risen and because wages in this country are determined by the market , not politics . 
  we 're not a socialist economy , we 're a mixed market economy . 
  look to france or spain or greece if you want to see what happens if you try to impose your political vision on the economy . 
  it does n't actually work . 
  it 's not left or right-wing to recognize reality .
