  facebook gets cheap labour and pays little taxes , creates high end jobs but everybody else will foot the bill . 
  the same happened basically when softbank bought arm . 
  do n't see what 's in it for the brexit voters . 
  it was simply way too complicated of an issue to put it up to plebiscite . 
  it should have never been voted on , at least not binding . 
  given all the ` principled ' fanatics around on all sides this does n't seem like a bad thing at all . 
  they 're a liberal , pro european party right ? 
  that ought to be principled enough . 
  every time i follow british news and see the lib dems i like their message , with corbyn having taken over labour they seem like the only pragmatic , centrist party . 
  why are they so unpopular ? 
  what ticket is macron actually running on , independent ? 
  could he win if he ends up running against fillon and le pen ? 
  yes it was unlikely in the us , but the us is a two party system . 
  in france you have to overcome socialists * and * conservatives , which is like 80 % of society . 
  it 's like an afd win in germany , it 's not physically impossible but it 's still pretty much impossible, 
  sure it 's a terrible argument but when someone starts with `` xyz swedistan/germanistan '' well it 's the kind of response that you provoke . 
  when germans here say this stuff it 's not like they do n't want to hear the opinion of foreigners , but that they do n't want to have to debate this internet basement dweller crap . 
  it 's not about statistics , it 's about the `` hur dur economic immigrants '' and the `` importing people '' rhetoric that the post opens with, 
  usually spd voter , will probably vote cdu as well for the first time . 
  if anything just to show that parties do n't need to fish on the fringes of the political spectrum . 
  i 'd really wish we 'd put more money into investment and get over our austerity fetish but that 's more of a national than a party thing anyway . 
  nah not really . 
  term limits stop good people from running again and bad people just appoint the next cultish follower , see putin-medvedev tandem . 
  you get the worst of both worlds . 
  no they do n't . 
  in fact that 's exactly the kind of cynicism that clowns like trump have fostered to justify their existence in the first place . 
  blanket accusations against ` the establishment ' should n't exist in a pluralistic society . 
  germany does n't suck and it has been governed by moderate governments with very little ` change ' for a long time . 
  there 's no crisis here . 
  problems sure , but nothing insurmountable and the quality of life is as high as it has ever been . 
  it 's just a giant wall of shit about about the far-right fringe idea of the : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rootless_cosmopolitan which was essentially a conspiracy theory about how the west and multicultural societies are ` rootless ' and in the mythical nativist land everything works differently . 
  ( in the original version it was all about nationalist communists ) , russia echoes the same talk about the ` degenerated west ' today again . 
  it 's not really worth a rebuttal if you 're familiar with these kinds of ideas . 
  they 're decades old . 
  you 'll spot the same rhetoric on reddit all the time . 
  i do n't know if people are aware that they 're actually parroting anti-semitic propaganda, 
  it 's a two month old account that spams the same wall of crap into every thread , so are both top upvoted comments at the moment . 
  this sub, 
  do n't tell them that pope paul vi acknowledged that they even pray to the same god !, 
  the horror !, 
  second vatican council , lumen gentium 16 , november 21 , 1964 :  `` but the plan of salvation also includes those who acknowledge the creator , in the first place among whom are the muslims : these profess to hold the faith of abraham , and together with us they adore the one , merciful god , mankind 's judge on the last day . 
  yes , and as you say they need to avoid adopting populist positions that make them indistinguishable from the right . 
  the left is marginalised in many places because they have retreated to a localism that is afraid of global developments . 
  retreat is n't really an option and if they want to stay relevant they need to try to shape the political landscape and economy rather than trying to fight it . 
  the right is a big enough danger as it is and draws extremely huge numbers , fracturing everybody else at this point is a very bad idea . 
  yes it is true that there was a push to social equality in the 50 's -80 's but where did it come from ? 
  it was n't chancellors dictating social equality , it was people going out , unionising , shaping their local municipalities and their workplace . 
  this also is a tenet of social democracy . 
  bremen is traditionally one of the poorest regions in germany , still in the 60 's 90 % + turned out to vote , today it 's 50 % . 
  merkel or gabriel or renzi can not carry social change to your door . 
  if people want representation they need to go out , change their local governments and improve their communities . 
  it 's not going to be dictated top down . 
  and electing clowns or worse bigots at the federal level to spite everybody is not a solution . 
  there is some serious political entitlement going on where people think they can just vote every four years and their whole life will change . 
  no party can deliver on this . 
  social democracy should n't be defined by things that worked in the 60 's or you end up with a fossil like jeremy corbyn . 
  strict labour rights do n't work in modern economies and are n't even desirable from a worker point of view . 
  people want social mobility , livelong learning , training and so on . 
  the scandinavian social democratic parties for example never put much emphasis on labour regulation . 
  social democracy does n't exist in a vacuum , it has to adopt to economic realities . 
  nonetheless state spending is still as high as it was in the past , healthcare and education and other core institutions are still public and basically the general framework is still in place . 
  politics is n't an ideological purity contest , it exists to solve problems . 
  no matter what party rules leaving school at the age of sixteen and working the same job until you die is over . 
  there 's no need to cry over this . 
  that is the proper social democratic party . 
  they 've always embraced open economies , self-responsibility and self-government . 
  the goal of social democracy is to level the playing field and actively help people to exercise positive rights , it 's not some paternalistic , big state nonsense that takes care of all your ailments . 
  what you 're doing is engaging in revisionist history where great socialists leaders took care of the people and nobody needed to worry . 
  * that history did n't exist * . 
  under your proposed social democratic heroes people worked more , lived shorter lives and had way fewer opportunities than they have today . 
  live was in many ways more difficult . 
  people seriously need to get their heads out of their asses . 
  [ just take a look at this ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/annualhourschart_final.png ) . 
  people in the glorious sixties worked pretty much ** four months more annually ** than they do today in most european states . 
  and you want this back ? 
   they 've already lost the economic argument by adopting capitalism and privatization . 
  they 've completely abandoned the class perspective and now everything revolves around identity politics . 
  apart from the fringe radical left , the left has always embraced capitalism in the form of social market economies , this is n't new and neither is it bad . 
  it has produced unprecedented prosperity all over the place . 
  it 's not anybody 's job to emulate extremist rhetoric , instead broad alliances need to be formed between the centre-right and centre-left . 
  the discourse should n't be pushed forward by radicals on the left and right spectrum . 
  they 're not speaking for the majority of citizens and display disregard of basic democratic values . 
  this is banning alcohol from the workplace , not from their homes . 
  you can at least expect that people who vote your laws into power are n't shitfaced while they do it, 
  she is actually right though , our approach to data is luddite like . 
  the debate needs to be balanced between privacy and on the other hand the potential that lies behind data driven services , and the latter is not part of the discussion right now . 
  there 's huge potential for data usage in medical research , automation , simple customer goods and so on . 
  sharing information is an important pillar of a digital society as well . 
  a nice example is maybe diabetes research in east germany . 
  despite the economic and political situation they were for a pretty long time world leading on the issue because they were one of the few countries that had extensive medical data at hand . 
  another example is tax and income transparency . 
  secrecy here in germany contributes to wage inequality and tax evasion , which is not such a big problem in countries with transparent systems like sweden . 
  it also leads to situations where you 'll instead use services abroad in nations with even weaker data protection and end up in an even worse situation . 
  which is something that is already happening . 
  whether it 's better is actually a fairly interesting debate . 
  the problem is of course that in case of weak unions you 're kind of screwed , it is more flexible and grassroots like because you give more control to the unions , but it 's also less secure because you do n't have the federal government backing it . 
  probably works better in smaller countries with high labour organisation , which is n't in place in countries that do n't have these traditions . 
  why is everybody in eastern europe so goddamn afraid of fucking foreigners, 
  must be a great country if even refugees keep dodging it . 
  maybe less bitching would improve the place .
