  archaic hunting practises and victorian sexual morals . . is this the brexit ` sovereignty ' ? 
  i had no idea what you were talking about so i googled jeb bush images and somehow landed [ here ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/215/603/720 ) why is jeb an anarcho communist lol, 
   first of all : by russia do we mean state-sponsored or just criminal ? 
  pretending that there is a discernible line . 
  i 'm serious btw , russia has intentionally blurred the line between private / public actors , see the war in ukraine . 
  they do the same when rounding up dissidents . 
  instead of sending out the police they spread propaganda until some armed group of thugs beats them up . 
  much simpler , so they do n't even need to get their hands dirty . 
  http://www.haaretz.com/jewish/news/1.584490 http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/02/09/europes-jewish-population/, 
  jewish emigration to israel from europe has been happening for decades . 
  countries like poland are seeing shrinking jewish populations too , where the number has gone from 30k in the 60 's to 3k today . 
  germany is the only country in europe with a positive net migration of jewish people , but got ta shove that anti-muslim narrative in there somehow , eh, 
  this , but unironically, 
  the freedom not to have healthcare . 
  what a great freedom to have i do n't understand america, 
  if you 've unchecked power maybe , but merkel does n't run a dictatorship . 
  she knows the checks and balances . 
  kohl and schmidt have n't turned into megalomaniacs either seriously , there 's no empirical basis for that claim because nobody has ever studied the brains of world leaders . 
  what a load of junk science, 
  qualified people should stay in office . 
  term limits are stupid . 
  they literally encourage people to use politics as a revolving door . 
  who cares ? 
  you 're european now . 
  deal with it, 
  women and young people saving the eu one vote at a time , thanks what 's up with the guys, 
  this is not a sane definition of democracy , because by this logic democracy can abolish itself into tyranny and we 'd have to call it democratic . 
  democracy stands for universal values , some of which i named . 
  popular participation is just one of them , not the entire thing . 
  democracy is n't an arbitrary strawpoll . 
  you can have the will of the people in a fascist government or a communist government or a theocracy , that 's not what defines democracy . 
  of course we have universal values , we do n't live in some kind of relativistic vacuum . 
  the eu represents ideas like individual rights , freedom of the press , movement and commerce , some of those are national values too , but some of them are uniquely european . 
  democracy in europe means more than just pure popular vote . 
  the extremist , both right and left , agenda of systematically dismembering eu institutions , stopping freedom of movement and so on is incompatible with european values . 
  if they do n't we 're going to get a two-speed europe or a core-europe or whatever you want to call it , but i think it is a fact that the tensions within the european institutions need to be resolved in some way . 
  permanently limping along is not an option . 
  and i was n't trying to insinuate that all polish people are selfish or whatever , but if there 's supposed to be european unity everybody needs to step over their shadow . 
  when freedom of movement was finalised we had riots in germany in the 90 's where hundreds of people set buildings with eastern european migrants on fire with thousands of people ( [ no hyperbole !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rostock-lichtenhagen_riots ) ) cheering them on . 
  there 's going to be a ton of friction but harmonisation of european politics needs to happen at some point . 
  germany will have to adapt again too . 
  we 're going to have to give up austerity politics and senseless economic dictates in exchange for broader leadership . 
  i love you . 
  you 're a civilized and cultured people and immune to anglo meme onslaught http://imgur.com/a/2wvt9, 
  we 're finally going to see a much needed resolution . 
  either european countries commit to european values or they do n't . 
  we 've way too long pretended that we can be some laissez-faire union where you can basically run an illiberal government and just pick and choose the economic benefits without any political commitment . 
  merkel is a good politician but she was never going to push for any decision and it arguably is n't her or germany 's place . 
  macron is in a better position to do this now . 
  i just love how in the minds of some people conservatism is apparently the same as this shit-tier populism . 
  especially conservatives should be put off by people like le pen or trump or the afd more than anybody else, 
  if it 's your grandmas hand stitched cushion you 're going to be safe if your room [ looks like this ] ( https://youtu.be/atfc-l71t2s?t=64 ) you 're going to have a problem . 
  it 's a `` you know it when you see it '' situation, 
  do n't be salty about being called out on your crap buddy . 
  no need to worry about me , i 'm doing well enough, 
  ah yes , the well known open mindedness towards fascism lmao . 
  what 's next opens mindedness towards slave trade and pedophilia ? 
  yeah we 're not going to give these fuckers an inch in this country , cry me a river, 
  if anybody had ever read that terrible book we probably would have dodged a bullet i guess the lesson to learn here is to not let them out again, 
  because this will only happen after the election , which is why the info was dumped * right now * . 
  and no , it does n't matter if it 's trivial . 
  that 's why i brought up clinton 's case . 
  all of it was trivial , it still damaged the campaign at a crucial point . 
  do you make these shit tier troll accounts three months in advance now ? 
   it 's the perfect job for hollande . 
  he never actually has to face a real electorate let 's be honest , trying to govern the french is like trying to engage in diplomacy with a huge nest of angry , really pissed off hornets i would n't want that job either, 
  of course it will . 
  what 's a locked up fascist going to do ? 
   leaving your literal name in the metadata of a major hack kinda throws a wrench in that no , because the mission is already accomplished when the leak story cycles through the media , nobody cares about the follow up . 
  the worst thing in the clinton leaks was a fucking risotto recipe , did that matter ? 
  there 's no contradiction here . 
  they 're both amateurs and yet still effective because the population is dense as hell . 
  being a fascist is n't a tolerable leaning , and it 's actually illegal in public offices . 
  and yes that 's very democratic . 
  fascism on the other hand is very undemocratic , which is why we 're going to kick its ass whenever we 're going to see it crop up . 
  which is what good democrats do . 
   they should just published them on the en marche website as proof of their honesty and professional skills . 
  i do n't think any organisation should be required to dump internal emails to the public just because troll armies hold campaigns hostage . 
  in fact if there 's strategic campaign information in there it would be straight up ridiculous . 
  sure ca n't do anything about right-wingers being drawn to authority , but the government can do something about getting this under control . 
  if you ca n't identify the individuals punish the superiors , because they did n't do their job apparently , work yourself up the chain until somebody cleans that mess up . 
  also this was why conscription and the ` citizen in uniform ' are a very good concept . 
  if you have civilians cycling through the army this stuff would come to light much sooner . 
  the so called ` professionalisation ' of the army has basically turned into scraping the bottom of the social barrel for recruits, 
  well switzerland ... any more of these shenanigans and we 're going to need to [ have a little chat ] ( http://i.imgur.com/txfn6yp.png ), 
   the bmi is easy and fast to use but has some major drawback due how simple the calculations are done . 
  just going by bmi seems bit silly and how the french decide to go by is more sane . 
  low bmi value is sufficient here , the point is n't really to make some scientifically accurate statement but to discourage the display of unhealthy thinness in the fashion world . 
  better to err on the side of caution , i mean what are the drawbacks here ? 
  a reduction in models per capita ? 
  who cares, 
  well , plenty of things can always go wrong . 
  we 've had oil crises before , we 've had migration crises before , it 's not like the world was all happy and sunshine up until recently . 
  if people think that these tensions are new they should go look up rostock-lichtenhagen in the 90s . 
  french is the first line of defense against the anglo-shitstorm . 
  we should all adopt it lol, 
  cash in on a horde of pseudo self-employed people by raking in all the profits of a taxi company without actually having any of the obligations of an employer . 
  that 's a parasitic business , i 'd rather wait five or ten minutes for a taxi than supporting this . 
  good on the french to kick them out .
