  open societies are stable and dynamic , miserable authoritarian places are closed up . 
   but are n't you supporting my point . 
  the most powerful country in europe does n't lead europe because its people do n't want to be in leadership position they were all too eager to achieve 100 or 70 years ago . 
  well no it 's really not about the war experience , most germans will be much more concerned about having to shoulder additional cost should they take on more responsibility . 
  ` eurobonds ' was a hot topic some years ago and so on . 
  if you want a stronger eu you probably want to strengthen the commission , which is a good idea yes we need faster decision making on the eu level . 
  this is hard to combine with more space for nationalism though , this does n't really work together . 
  if you want to make eu decisions you ca n't have full autonomy . 
  the whole migration thing is only a temporal problem , over the course of 10/20 years if this does n't repeat every year it will not be a big deal , people are just freaking out like they always are . 
  also we need more non-eu migration than just a trickle , there 's lots of talent in non-eu countries and we 'll need to fill a lot of jobs because europe ages pretty hard . 
  leading the eu is n't conquering the continent . 
  this stereotype about war guilt germans is pretty silly . 
  we 're mostly not taking a strong leadership stance for very pragmatic reasons , we do n't want to open ourselves up to too much criticism and active leadership would require substantial policy adjustment in germany . 
  also it 's not clear whether strong leadership is actually something that 's supposed to exist within the eu institutions , as it 's a supranational body and not a federation . 
  net migration to the netherlands 2015 consisted of  n 2015 the population in the netherlands grew by approximately 21 thousand syrians , 3 thousand eritreans and more than 2 thousand ethiopians . 
  with a net migration of 9 thousand , the inflow of polish immigrants was also substantial , though below the level of 2014 . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/en-gb/news/2016/04/population-growth-fuelled-by-immigration ) moroccans in the netherlands are born in the country , they mostly immigrated during the 50s-70 's . 
  these are people that live in the country for a few generations now , like turks in germany . 
  there is no current migration occuring . 
  to be stripped of your citizenship you actually need to be guilty of a crime ( a very severe one usually ) . 
  you ca n't just randomly strip other individuals of their citizenship by popular vote , at least in no country that i know of . 
  dutch moroccan 's are dutch , they are citizens of the dutch state and ethnically moroccan . 
  he 's using nationality to designate ethnicity . 
  is that so difficult to understand ? 
  you think anti-semitic comments are less anti-semitic if i just use the word ` israeli ' instead of ` jew ' ? 
  strawman , geert wilders is n't just critical of immigration , he literally animated people to chant for the deportation of dutch citizens based on their ethnicity . 
  that 's not immigration criticism , that 's racism . 
   that eu is germany centric germany is often in line with northern or eastern european nations , especially on economic issues which is the largest divider between southern europe and everybody else . 
  so more often than not i guess we just happen to be the biggest nation and the tip of the iceberg, 
  well discrimination then , what does it change about the actual point ? 
  the law is n't a political tool , it does n't matter if someone 's upset about it . 
  moroccans are actually people and dutch citizens , it 's not up for anybody to demand that there be ` fewer of them ' . 
  that 's not a democratic decision anybody can make because in a democracy we do n't use the popular vote to legitimise some version of eugenics . 
  law is n't a matter of politics . 
  if he 's guilty of inciting hatred he is guilty , does n't matter what anybody feels about it . 
  sure , as popper points out if somebody can be convinced rationally they ought not to be silenced although they are intolerant , but beyond this point you are just fooling yourself . 
  you can not talk to someone who does not want to be talked to . 
  someone who openly sets out to ignore the truth themselves and silences all rational dissent * can not * be convinced . 
  radical free speech in that sense is the equivalent of absolute pacifism . 
  if someone uses violence against you they have forfeited parts of their rights . 
  this is the same thing . 
   plus it helps to get their spin on things as well , ** makes for a more balanced discourse . 
  ** in what parallel universe has this occurred ? 
  free speech is great and all but as popper pointed out  `` if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . 
  -- in this formulation , i do not imply , for instance , that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies ; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion , suppression would certainly be unwise . 
  but we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force ; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument , but begin by denouncing all argument ; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument , because it is deceptive , and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols . 
  we should therefore claim , in the name of tolerance , the right not to tolerate the intolerant . 
  we should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law , and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal , in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder , or to kidnapping , or to the revival of the slave trade , as criminal . '', 
  so maybe try to remember that the people you 're granting ` free speech ' themselves do n't give a shit about it, 
  you protect yourself by voting , having a working press that points to bad behaviour , join your own lobbyist group ( ngo 's , unions , environmental groups also lobbyists ) etc. . . 
  they 're not almighty , they just have a corrective function . 
  sectarian evangelicalism is an anglosphere , especially american phenomenon . 
  i 'm not talking about mainline protestants . 
  these are usually really crazy religious evangelical sects ( we have a few , no idea where they come from ) , absolutely ridiculous every few years or so some story about the ` twelve tribes ' or similar sects hits the news because they 're not sending their kids to school and beat them with canes . 
  the us even granted one family asylum a few years ago lol . 
  well a 5 pence tax on plastic bags eliminated six billion ( ~ 85 % ) of them in the uk . . so a 10 cent tax on drinks might just work ? 
  terrible idea , good ceos are worth their weight in gold . 
  the amount of highly paid executives is low anyway . 
  purely symbolic measure with awful results https://hbr.org/2016/07/stop-making-ceo-pay-a-political-issue, 
  a blasphemous cartoon of mohammed is religious/political satire i do n't see how the two positions `` do n't make fun of someone 's faith '' and `` do n't spread fake news '' are mutually exclusive ? 
  well yes i 'm sure many people preach that stuff , but again , that 's not the kind of people we have diplomatic relations with . 
  and the saudi state is not advocating to kill jews , in fact they 've a pretty stable relationship with israel , especially since the arab spring . 
  they cooperate on intelligence because they 're both locked in a conflict with iran , which affects the saudis in yemen . 
  iran with russian backing is a much bigger threat to both the gulf states and israel which has for years forced them into strategic cooperation . 
  this is the kind of problem that these rants produce , you 're not seeing basic geopolitical realities any more because you 're obsessed with people somewhere in a mosque . 
  wahhabism is religious extremism , but not terrorism . 
  in fact going from extremism to carried out terrorism is a really big step . 
  if every political or religious extremist was a terrorist we 'd have a few hundred million terrorists on the planet . 
  and no wahhabism is n't comparable to nazism because the wahhabist arabian states have no expansionary goals and they are not genocidal . 
  they 're oppressive and extremist sure , but they 're not fascists . 
  your post is just the usual rant about petrodollars , clinton and saudi arabia , it 's just a huge amalgam of generalised nonsense . 
  isis and the gulf states have no common strategical goals . 
  they 're not even genuinely religious , for most of the ruling caste mekka is just a theme park to entertain the population . 
  throwing enough shit and hoping that some of it sticks does n't actually constitute an argument . 
  well circumstances have changed a little , we 're living in a time were liberal democracy is fundamentally under attack and many people on the extreme fringes will proclaim that  added the fdp , spd and csu into one coalition . 
  this has already happened . 
  which is n't actually bad because we need to produce a strong centre that can actually hold against the illiberal forces . 
  seeking coalitions on the polarising sides of the political spectrum will probably only reinforce and strengthen extremist parties . 
  fighting for voters in the middle is a good thing . 
  concerning the eu , it 's actually not designed at all to be a truly democratic institution . 
  it actually is more of a technocratic organisation that manages and reduces friction . 
  turning it into a parliamentary democracy would mean delegating substantial amount of sovereignty up and nobody is willing to do that . 
  especially the smaller countries would completely lose influence . 
  if majority vote decides chances are germany with a few supporters could govern everything . 
   and then proceeds to dine with the qataris , saudis and bahrainis , the real supporters of terror and the worst when it comes to human rights theresa may or any other western leader for that matter is n't actually dining with terrorist supporters , the saudi and qatari regime is just as opposed to isis as anybody else , in fact isis considers them occupiers of their holy sites and wants to tear the monarchies down because they consider them to be illegitimate rulers and in the way of their caliphate . 
  you do n't seem to realise that the arabian peninsula is n't just one monolithic entity , the terrorist actors coming out of saudi arabia are defectors of the regime and they consider them to be collaborators of the west , see bin laden 's whole history . 
  and although especially saudi arabia is an oppressive dictatorship , they 're at least fairly stable and not in a constant state of civil war . 
  which is the much preferable and less bloody alternative . 
   maybe the bundestag but definitely not in france , uk , italy etc. 
  when you have the conservatives and labour working together in parliament to support all the initiatives by the prime minister , that seems to me a free ride for the executive . 
  i dont think that 's how the majority of european parliaments work . 
  maybe i am missing something here but that doesnt seem healthy . 
  its part of the reason why there is such a malaise . 
  and how 's that working out for france or italy ? 
  they 're stuck in a constant deadlock because they switch from one political direction to the other instead of trying to seek useful compromise . 
  you 're promoting a dog-eat-dog vision of politics where people need to constantly fight each other . 
  sounds exciting but produces bad results . 
  pragmatic governance that moves slowly , * but steadily * forward is a little more boring but produces arguably better results . 
  just look at the german and french labour market . 
  you ca n't push a law through france without companies and unions chopping each other 's head off .
