  well i guess the question is if you can have a better turkey if you keep erdogan and his followers in power . 
  and if you want to get them out you 'll have to appeal to a broad population that will not just follow you because you preach lgbt rights . 
  sure it 's ideologically impure to go after voters with nationalism , but some propaganda of the deed might be necessary . 
  how else are you going to empower this movement ? 
  whether the ambivalence in regards to the pkk is justified or not , i do n't know enough about turkey honestly . 
  if you believe that erdogan is a genuine threat to democracy and might turn the country into an autocratic state for decades to come i guess you could defend it . 
  look how we treat nelson mandela today , this is a difficult discussion . 
  is n't it natural though that a somewhat suppressed group seeking autonomy will use political tactics like this ? 
  i mean if you 're opposing erdogan i do n't think you have the political luxury to run a completely non-opportunistic campaign . 
  at some point you probably have to get different groups together under a common banner . 
  i do n't think you can bring erdogan down with a purely environmentalist or progressive party . 
  this seems to be the problem of socialist parties nowadays . 
  do you vote for them to get political power or to fall in love ? 
  that is great but is n't it largely a result of deindustrialization and the explosion of the service economy ? 
  which obviously is real progress , but does n't necessarily reflect climate policies, 
  it 's untrue . 
  pretty much every german jewish organisation has come out against right-wing parties . 
  but there 's no spin involved , at least in no meaningful sense . 
  when some 1st may protest happens you 're going to read a conservative article in the faz telling you why that is bad , and you 'll read a taz article that explains why it 's justified . 
  they 'll tell you the exact same facts . 
  you can heavily disagree without bending reality . 
  i do n't even know what the fuck that is supposed to mean any more . 
  they 're a left-wing newspaper . 
  the faz is a conservative newspaper . 
  they have ideologies . 
  usually , neither of them are bending reality . 
  they are allowed to have an opinion . 
  in fact if you 're not writing a weather report it 's impossible not to have one . 
  no such thing as ` no ideology ', 
  because poor people embarrassing rich people must be punished . 
  i hope someone throws the book at fillon . 
  as in a literal book, 
  [ this is pretty neat too ] ( https://i.imgur.com/tnn7cdh.jpg ), 
  yes that 's what it means . 
  if we identify a scammy business we regulate or ban it . 
  that 's what administration exists for . 
  we do n't need competition that does not abide by regulation . 
  we do n't tolerate lead poisoned food just because it 's cheaper than regular food . 
  businesses that simply dodge standards are not healthy competition , but predatory business one principal problem of airbnb , uber etc is that nobody is responsible in case of misbehaviour . 
  airbnb has a huge [ discrimination problem ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/26/travel/airbnb-discrimination-lawsuit.html?_r=0 ) that can not be tackled because the market is so atomised . 
  problem is you 're a student for ~ 5 years while you 're a worker for 40 . 
  overall millennials are getting shafted by this , especially in the uk and the us where this laissez faire stuff permeates the whole economy . 
  when people ask `` why do countries like switzerland and germany not have a millennial econ problem '' this is the answer . 
  because we do n't replace trade , artisanal employment and diverse local business with shitty digital big business that promises pseudo-innovation, 
  uber does n't actually innovate driving itself , just as airbnb has n't invented renting . 
  they rake in the profits of said businesses without taking any obligations . 
  their business model is pushing all of the externalities on the horde of self-employed gig workers, 
  then do n't vote for populists . 
  what business do you think runs like this ? 
  `` oh no we 'll never invest because if a bad ceo gets into office we 're done ! '', 
  that 's suicide because you 're afraid of death . 
  stop muttering `` politician problem '' , that does n't actually mean anything . 
  the return of investment on infrastructure projects , for example big harbours , the digital infrastructure and completely elementary stuff is somewhere in the range of  10x . 
  that is free fucking money , it does n't matter who you trust . 
  this is n't an issue of what your gut tells you . 
  there are studies done on how profitable public spending is in certain sectors . 
  we are far below oecd average as far as public sector investment is concerned and it is hurting our industry and public utilities . 
   so you will force sovereign governments to speak eu-approved lines or throw out their benefits ? 
  nah it 's much easier . 
  if they do n't abide by standards we have set , for example start throwing perfectly fine universities out of their country , we simply cut the funding . 
  no need to intervene in their policy making . 
  do you think we 're running a fucking charity ? 
  how is this evil ? 
  a number of country finances them immensely , which i have no problem with in principle , but in return they ca n't even act halfway decent and shit on the institutions that they depend on ? 
  that 's not what stable means . 
  stop believing that debt is a priori harmful if you can get credit at zero interests rate and have plenty of investment opportunity you 're throwing away free money by not taking it , and you 're ruining your long term productivity . 
  which was the precise problem . 
  history had n't ended ( and i do n't understand how people could buy such an outrageous claim for a second ) and people are now and were measuring their expectations against that fantasy image of global political harmony , safety and so on . 
  if you want a deterrent to keep the aliens away , sure, 
  the increasing radicalisation is * fuelled by * assad 's increasingly reckless actions . 
  in the face of chemical warfare against a civilian population obviously any rebel force , no matter how radical appears legitimate . 
  i do n't advocate leaving them to their own devices . 
  dispose of assad , put an interim government in place and try to get everybody to the table who is n't completely crazy , and put the endangered areas and minorities under international peacekeeping control or whatever . 
  but letting this war continue is n't really an option . 
  it 's also a direct security threat for us because this is swapping over to us in the form of terror . 
  the case for non-action is based on some fantasy that this conflict is ` local ' but local conflicts do n't really exist any more . 
  sure if trump indeed falls in line and moves towards a more traditional gop position the us , france the uk and germany alone are probably convincing enough . 
  not to mention that eastern europe and australia or any other close ally would probably be there as well . 
  actually hollande wanted to intervene in 2013 already . 
  may does n't seem to shy away either . 
  those you can definitely count on . 
  we have seen for a while now that this incremental `` nah we ca n't mess with russia/iran/xy , this is just ukraine/syria/etc '' game does n't work . 
  they 'll chip away at the international order piece by piece . 
  i do n't think that 's necessary . 
  strategic strikes to take out his infrastructure combined with opposition forces on the ground would probably be enough . 
  if any direct military action is taken i think it should be multilateral rather than a solo-mission . 
  but i do n't think that we can tolerate chemical warfare and that we need to challenge russia if they want to back assad . 
  government spending / social spending has stayed stable for like 20 years https://www.oecd.org/els/soc/oecd2014-social-expenditure-update-nov2014-8pages.pdf, 
  i do n't see her winning against anybody else honestly . 
  i 've heard left-wingers say that they 'd vote le pen over fillon because they just despise his thatcherism so much , but macron seems moderate enough to capture the general civil vote, 
  ah yes the good old `` something is suspicious '' joker . 
  there 's no level of proof that would satisfy you anyway , live footage of suffocating people and first hand reports is n't enough ? 
  the assad family has been butchering their own population for decades . 
  religious minorities exist in other middle-eastern countries too . 
  even assad 's father was as mad as his son when he firebombed hama in 1982 . 
  this shit has been going on for decades . 
  but i guess we 're supposed to stand by and act pseudo neutral so we can feel good and innocent . 
  if we 'd sat still like this in kosovo we 'd have lost a lot more people to ethnic cleansing . 
  waiting is n't always an option . 
  if you assume that she has no 2nd round chance if she does not face fillon , which is a reasonable assumption , it makes sense .
