  liberals would rater vote for an `` honest conservative '' who passes policies they do n't want rather than they 'd vote for a pragmatic socialist or liberal . 
  five years later they than complain that nobody cares about the issues, 
  except that for them it 's usually a step up and a stepping stone into a better life depending on where they 're coming from and those people are eager to get these jobs , now you 're loading these jobs onto people who do n't even want or need them while taking the opportunity away from those who were eager to immigrate . 
  in that case it is a loss for both sides . 
  i 'd agree with you that it 's a very common concept that people here are either implicitly or explicitly aware of and i 'm surprised by the reactions in the thread , but i 'd disagree that the * gesinnungsethik * draws the shorter straw here in germany . 
  the classical european ` trinity ' stereotype pretty goes along the lines of french being the revolutionary material guys , the brits being the pragmatic liberal traders and the germans being the conservative , contemplative idealists . 
  and i still think this is really true . 
  the kantian idea of valuing the law for the sake of the law is still pretty ingrained here . 
  people in germany will usually shy away from bending the law or politics to serve some material or practical goal , and as the article points out * gesinnungsethiker * are everywhere on the political spectrum . 
  actually when people departed from this in german politics , like the spd did at the beginning of the century , they were quite heavily punished for it by their base . 
  cold war politicians only got away with it because military decisions are very far removed from the public sphere . 
  in all seriousness , the sheet music is obviously not under coypright any more , but if this is a modern recording then it 's the performance being protected . 
  same with classical music . 
   how do you know what they voted for ? 
  i think that , even in britain , there is some confusion about this . 
  because i followed the campaign ? 
  it was all about `` britain first , do n't let foreigners in , laws need to be made here again ! '', 
  etc. . not once was there a discussion about the uk taking on more responsibilities in the world or expanding their sphere of influence or whatever . 
  because atheism is the absence of religious belief . 
  there is no such thing as `` adjective + atheism '' , just as there is no group of `` german non-golfers '' . 
  to talk of them as if they are a group that needs representation makes no sense . 
  all the other religious groups are indeed so small that they are for practical purposes irrelevant in public discourse . 
  how many thai buddhists are supposed to be here ? 
  jewish practises , including infant circumcision are rarely critised because no politician in germany is going to go down that rabbit hole, 
  the british people have n't voted for imperialism or `` rule the waves '' empire fantasies but stubborn isolationism . 
  also apart from the fact that we are not living in a world where this is even a possible scenario because the uk is n't the sole superpower on this planet , i have also serious trouble imagining boris johnson running one, 
  sorry , i have n't destroyed anything actually . 
  switzerland is sabotaging its civil liberties right at this moment, 
  switzerland , the only democracy on the planet where the people are the ones chipping away at civil liberties one referendum at a time, 
  i 'm pretty sure that would be considered sufficiently secure . 
  also in all these cases we 're talking about single consumers neglecting safety measures , which is probably not proportionate . 
  but if you run a huge open wifi that increases the profit of your business , say a bistro or something then you ought to be responsible in some way . 
  or say you handle passwords and usernames as part of some online service you provide . 
  if you neglect the safety of your users you 're going to have a very bad time although you 're not the hacker . 
  that 's not a really good example because we assume you had your front door locked and thus sufficient security measures in place . 
  also your house is n't enabling any crime , it 's just in the way . 
  a more practical example would be you having your gun safe unlocked and someone taking your weapon to commit a crime . 
  in this case you 'd have neglected safety measures and you 'd be liable . 
  the idea is not stupid in principle . 
  when you own or possess a certain tool that might cause harm you are expected to handle it responsibly and keep it out of the hand of third parties . 
  in the case of the wifi router the balance just happens to be out of whack , because it 's hard to argue that the damage is sufficient to warrant the law . 
  ( and there 's also a public benefit to open wifi ) if someone is wilfully neglecting security measures on their network and thus enables a child pornography ring or drug bazaar or whatever you 'd have a difficult time defending the thesis that he 's not facilitating crime . 
  the same is true for any infrastructure really , we expect the owners to exercise a reasonable amount of responsibility . 
  apart from libya being a shithole all those things are actually going fairly well . 
  russia 's running out of reserves , question is when they tank , not if . 
  if the trade agreements go through obama has done an alright job . 
  also cuba normalisation was a good thing and the last war in south america has just ended due to kerry doing a pretty great job . 
  could at least have thrown one or two paragraphs in there man , this is hard to read . 
  anyway that the assad regime has killed countless of civilians and that the death toll is exceeding the body count of any other faction is well documented by several sources , as is the use of chemical weapons . 
  the us and the un have just concluded a report on the chemical weapon use by the regime : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/25/un-proves-assad-regime-dropped-chemical-bombs-on-civilians/  ned price , us national security council spokesman , said : `` it is now impossible to deny that the syrian regime has repeatedly used industrial chlorine as a weapon against its own people . '', 
   in its clearest apportioning of blame to date , the un and the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons ( opcw ) has concluded after a year of investigation that the regime used chlorine gas on its population . 
  your post honestly reads like russian propaganda . 
   judging by your comment you probably think that there are so called moderate rebels as well and that ahrar al-scham and jaysh al-islam are so-called moderate rebels when in fact there are non and those groups are radical islamic terrorist organizations with ties to al qaeda . 
  i do n't care how radical the rebel groups are . 
  the intensity of violence used by the regime will inevitable increase support of all opposition groups no matter how radical . 
  that 's the logical consequence of the war . 
  this whole thing is incredibly cynical . 
  assad kills hundreds of thousands of his own citizens , strategically destroys water plants and employs chemical weapons and then starts to complain about jihadist opposition . 
  ( not to mention of course that the assad regime for the longest time opportunistically tolerated extremist forces to combat more legitimate , moderate opposition ) the one big blunder of the obama administration was to not follow through on the red line in 2012 and letting the russians step in . 
  the main argument is n't a religious one , but one concerning the question when a human obtains the status of personhood including the legal rights coming with it . 
  the libertarian argument concerning the mother 's bodily autonomy only becomes relevant when the non-personhood of the fetus is established and thus has little to do with the actual discussion . 
  matters of life and death , excluding suicide are n't personal decisions in our society , that 's a fairly frightening idea . 
   we even had a norwegian guy produce a summer hit in spanish this is nothing compared to this masterpiece of integration https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppm5_agtbto, 
  probably because this at least forces everybody to consider the job . 
  it 's like opt-in / opt-out organ donation, 
  yup , noticed that too . 
  no social change in sight in these pictures . 
  it very much looks like someone transported a 19th century bourgeoisie into the future, 
  i 'm not burdening gays , do n't get me wrong . 
  they do n't owe liberal or progressive movements anything . 
  but they once were a huge part of sexual liberation movements and they were on the forefront of a lot of social issues . 
  nowadays we 're just turning more prudish every year . 
  do n't do drugs , do n't drink , do n't smoke , ask your college advisor before you have sex etc. . . we 're kind of looking more liberal on the outside but we 've domesticated pretty much anything . 
  this for me has the same sour taste that over assimilated immigrants produce that get rid of their accents and put on a suit just so they are n't put in the same category as the ` undesirables ' . 
  okay but do explain one thing to me , why is traditional marriage and adoption suddenly the symbol of progressiveness ? 
  foucault would turn around in his grave what kind of irks me about this conquest of marriage is that we 're essentially assimilating gay people into society by doing away with all the cool things that came with being gay in the first place . 
  the transgression was what made it fun . 
  now all gay people want to marry and adopt an asian kid and move into the suburbs . 
  we 're essentially teaching gay people how to slut shame this to me sounds like putting a horse in front of a car , why are gay people so eager to claim institutions that discriminated them in the first place ? 
   religion playing politics . 
  as usual . 
  it 's deeper than just superficial religious sentiment though . 
  germans love their conservative and traditional values . 
  this is everywhere , waldorf schools , gmo fears , general technological scepticism and also the traditional family , hierarchic family business , local small communities and social change at snail pace etc. 
  even the greens practise this kind of secular conservatism . 
  i really would n't compare it to the reactionary religious counter-movement that 's been popularised on the far-right in russia or the bible belt . 
  here in germany it 's more of a really entrenched civil traditionalist mindset . 
  him being a warmonger has everything to do with russia 's failure to diversify the economy . 
  to modernise he needs to open russia up and incorporate it into the global information and service economy . 
  the problem is that this will inevitably require policies that are incompatible with his paranoid military/siloviki ambitions that for some reason still dominate russia as if we 're living in the 1980 's . 
  you still enter a contract when you ` buy ' a free product , regulation and law applies . 
  you ca n't just demand to get my firstborn just because you 're gifting me something, 
   he 's partly responsible for not doing enough to modernise the economy , that 's like the one meaningful thing you need to accomplish if you 're an oil economy in the 21st century it 's like picking the easiest difficulty in civilisation and then you still lose the game because you constantly warmonger, 
  because gdp is a bad indicator . 
  college costs and healthcare costs inflate gdp numbers as these services are socialised in europe and not run as for profit businesses . 
  look at health care outcomes , life expectancy , incarceration rates , drug consumption and such if you want to gauge the quality of life . 
  you 're going to have a better time in hamburg or paris than in the backwoods of alabama . 
  depends entirely on the nation and circumstance . 
  small countries like singapore with low inflation , high saving rate and home ownership rate and some strong safety nets and growth do well with this approach . 
  in our current environment of low interest rates , slow growth overall , low demand and little existing savings and housing programs it seems very questionable .
