  also it 's a questionable model for really large states that tend to produce structural problems that do n't occur in tax havens . 
  the language barrier is a natural one that we are actively trying to overcome by teaching a common language ( english ) , and the respective languages in france in germany . 
  if we 'd actively try to encourage isolation through language , then yes that would be pretty bad , but we 're not doing that . 
  also of course this performative barrier does not exist concerning swiss and italian workers in an italian speaking canton . 
  the law especially prioritises swiss workers * even if qualification is equal * , your obscure analogy misses the point . 
  in which case you have just doubled the discrimination by discriminating against the swiss in italy . 
  mutual discrimination does n't sum up to zero , but to segregation . 
  you 're not seriously trying to make the case for ` separate but equal ' , right ? 
  those are the ones that taste best , it 's not an issue of race, 
  they are on the labour market , and that 's not a bad thing because , as in this case , it prevents discrimination of italians . 
  i know you 're saying that because it sounds so harsh , but i think treating them as inferiors is a little harsher than treating them impartially, 
  because muslims ban so many abortions in europe , right . 
  i 'd need to imagine that too first, 
  since when does education prevent idiotic behavior ? 
  this is what direct democracy looks like , it 's nothing but mob rule, 
  nato , me , energy and economic policies are bonkers . 
  he 's like a fossil from the 60s, 
   is base is not enough to win an election . 
  people do n't seem to have understood that to actually change something you need to be able to pass laws just like the bernie supporters for them politics is just a form of theatre , it 's not about actually exercising power . 
  those were actually good policies , the uk 's doing well economically . 
  why the fuck do people want 60 's factories back ? 
  we 've got this disease in germany , that 's why we 're running a giant export surplus at the expense of europe and have barely any economic and productivity growth for years . 
  in contrast to those people , who only have good things to say about obama . 
  do n't give me this crap . 
  a good part of the american population has shit on the guy and called him a foreigner although he works around the clock to give these people healthcare and a shot at life . 
  and i 'm not just trying to shit on america , the same things happen among the poor here . 
  being poor is n't an excuse to be an asshole , especially to the people who try to help you out of it . 
  the people in the deepest parts of east germany and the midwest receive large amounts of welfare for the tax dollars they put in . 
  the people that they despise and the areas they call unamerican or not german are the ones that are feeding them . 
  the smugness on part of the elite is * nothing * compared to the hate and contempt that comes out of these areas . 
  die linke does n't ignore issues of class and wealth , they talk about it all the time . 
  they also talk about inclusiveness and issues of minority discrimination a lot , you can talk about both things at the same time , they 're closely related even . 
  this is pretty much true for all socialist parties in europe . 
  iranian revolution : polish edition, 
  orlando figes talks about this in * a people 's tragedy * . 
  many of the ` europeanised ' communist revolutionaries like lenin or trotsky pursued a softer and less nationalist approach than stalin who had never left russia . 
  this included all the stuff you mentioned but also ` third way ' economics that tried to incorporate some capitalist policies into the communist economy including private small businesses and a tax on agriculture rather than forced collectivisation . 
  it 's very much comparable to the state capitalist model in china right now . 
  apart from the fact that this is n't going to happen , no because as soon as they 'd be in control they ca n't play the `` enemy on the inside '' card , so they start turning to the outside . 
  see any historic region populated sufficiently with autocratic idiots, 
   i do n't agree with you . 
  we should learn about those things , true , but there is a very legitimate concern to have about a class dedicated to religion is there ? 
  i went to a catholic private school and was n't indoctrinated . 
  religious education , at least in german schools , is never some form of proselytization and it 's supposed to examine religion critically through the lens of that specific religion . 
  school is a good place to get in contact with religion on a formal level , as most private stuff is mostly just rituals and customs . 
  `` life & ethics '' seems like too broad and general of a subject . 
   i understand what you 're saying , but he is n't exactly dressed in a rag or anything . 
  it 's just that he gave a pass to the suit . 
  unless he 's doing high level negotiations or important official meetings , a suit should n't be necessary . 
  he also wore a keffiyeh which is fairly controversial especially on a public official as it 's a symbol of palestinian nationalism the problem with running around like a goofy clown is that these people are putting their own individual eccentricity over the goal to get things done and to get their political ideas translated into law and policies . 
  that 's not good , especially not if you 're already marginalized . 
  also your average working class voter is alienated by a politician who goes to work in orange overalls, 
  personal opinions on austerity aside , i do n't think it 's accurate to portrait germany as the only or even strongest defender of austerity . 
  eastern europe and the baltics are much more hawkish when it comes to issues of fiscal discipline . 
  me_irl :( and i can only do it on the internet because there 's no way to get rid of that beastly german accent !, 
  if it is a legitimate stabbing the polish body has ways to shut that whole thing down, 
  actually not really . 
  it would be more apt to compare putin to a much less skilled bismarck , who used tactical short wars to unify his own country , with the difference that 19th century military shenanigans do n't work so well in the 21st century . 
  nazi comparisons are ridiculous as putin is n't going to go all total war or has planned to exterminate anybody . 
  flair checks out, 
  this refers to the stats collected for the regional elections in saxony and meckpomm . 
  east germany with its high unemployment is n't really representative of the nation as a whole . 
  well sure , conservatives die out all the time . 
  take a look at cdu policies in the 60 's , 80 's and now . 
  they 've constantly adapted their positions . 
  and their will always be grumpy old guys who tell you that it 's awful . 
  the identitarian movement is a joke . 
  it 's a few hundred conspiracy nuts . 
  and i do n't really see where the place in germany is for a young , reactionary movement . 
  the afd is old as fuck . 
  young voters in this country are not reactionary at all . 
  it 's just not backed up by numbers . 
  about 10-15 % of voters sit ideologically to the right of the cdu . 
  that 's basically all they stand to gain if they move further to the right . 
  there 's another 50 % of the voters on the left side of the spectrum . 
  the party has simply repositioned itself , which is smart because the future conservative voter is going to be living in a city , has possibly an immigration background and might also value liberty when it comes to his or her religious and sexual preferences . 
  the people that vote for the afd are dying out , this stuff right now is a scream on the deathbed . 
  look at how millenials vote , they 'll be the biggest voting block in a few years . 
  ` white trash ' is a term that sprung up as a reaction to lower class and often themselves racist white people . 
  it 's not literally referring to some idea of white people being inherently worth less or anything based on the colour of their skin . 
  and while it certainly is a phrase that should n't be thrown around , it 's not the equivalent of racial slurs being flung at black people or other minorities because there 's simply no racist ideology behind it that proclaims white inferiority or something . 
  islamo-fascism and similar constructs are a misnomer . 
  the key idea of fascism is that it is immanent . 
  it is not metaphysical . 
  it hates culture and celebrates the primitive , as such it rejects both transcendent religions as islam or christianity and embraces syncretism . 
  it rejects both scholastic religion and enlightenment . 
  again eco to the rescue :  one has only to look at the syllabus of every fascist movement to find the major traditionalist thinkers . 
  the nazi gnosis was nourished by traditionalist , syncretistic , occult elements . 
  the most influential theoretical source of the theories of the new italian right , julius evola , merged the holy grail with the protocols of the elders of zion , alchemy with the holy roman and germanic empire . 
  the very fact that the italian right , in order to show its open-mindedness , recently broadened its syllabus to include works by de maistre , guenon , and gramsci , is a blatant proof of syncretism . 
   if you browse in the shelves that , in american bookstores , are labeled as new age , you can find there even saint augustine who , as far as i know , was not a fascist . 
  but combining saint augustine and stonehenge -- that is a symptom of ur-fascism . 
  thus , christianity or islam are not really attractive ideologies for fascists . 
  i am very confused by your comment that some countries are ` too white ' or too developed for fascism , i have no idea what that means . 
  fascism is a rejection of modernism , and thus we 're still very much in a situation to develop it . 
  umberto eco would disagree :  no syncretistic faith can withstand analytical criticism . 
  the critical spirit makes distinctions , and to distinguish is a sign of modernism . 
  in modern culture the scientific community praises disagreement as a way to improve knowledge . 
  for ur-fascism , disagreement is treason . 
   besides , disagreement is a sign of diversity .
