  i 'm talking about concrete policies , plans . 
  what have they going on , what are they going to change ? 
  `` a government that is actually for them '' . 
  is anybody campaigning against the people ? 
   but also give the people a government that is actually for them and will serve them ( as it should be imo ) what does that even mean, 
   but in this case i wonder about another function of the law , general prevention , basically if a person sees that if someone steals and goes to jail ,  then he is less likely to do it himself . 
  now in this case the opposite looks to be happening , a kind of `` just act regretful afterwards , and you can get away with rape '' and that is not what you want a lawsystem to facilitate . 
  recidivism rate for sexual assault is extremely low at 3 % and rate increases with prison sentences . 
  so by using punitive measures you 'd accomplish the opposite of what you 're going for . 
  which is one of the reasons we do n't like to lock up minors , it breeds criminals rather than preventing crime . 
  ( see pretty much every country that does it ) http://www.strafakte.de/forensik/bewaehrung-straftaeter-rueckfallquote/, 
  i dunno where you live this is obviously dependent on the location but every one in germany runs around with the newest iphone no matter if it 's a store clerk or a business man . 
  there 's no differentiation . 
  if the environment is really poor , then sure technology is a luxury good . 
  in most developed countries they permeate pretty much all social strata . 
  precisely that steady demand * is what differentiates it from a luxury good * . 
  if bread were really expensive it still would n't be a luxury good , the willingness to pay for it is what is constant . 
  the definition of a luxury good is that people * are not willing to sacrifice the money * to get them . 
  that 's why nobody spends 100 % of his paycheck to buy a rolex . 
  you have it the wrong way around . 
  even high end models are fairly evenly distributed . 
  pretty much everybody runs around with the latest or second latest generations . 
  distribution is n't proportionate either . 
  he did actually at length even when he talks about crime in ny and movement to the suburbs, 
  always love it when this reflex comes up . 
  yeah building a wall through your country is a fucking great idea , nobody has ever tried out that before is this really something you need to try out before concluding that it 's shitty ? 
  i work in machine learning research and have to read a lot of papers on the topic . 
  yes , china nominally publishes a lot but a lot of the citations on chinese papers come from other chinese institutions , there 's a lot of degree mill stuff going on . 
  when it comes to actual innovation in the field and relevant research most of it is still done in the us . 
  also the american private market which is an important part of the equation is much bigger . 
  the only chinese company to look out for in the sector is baidu , pretty much any other big private entity is located in the anglosphere . 
  also looking at papers/researchers would be a little more honest , as china obviously is much more populous than the us . 
  economics defines luxury goods as goods whose demand rises proportionately with income , i.e. 
  high income elasticity of demand . 
  this is not true anymore for a vast segment of the electronics market . 
  computers are basic necessities in knowledge economies , and the demand for smartphones is probably not very dependent on income . 
  people who earn ten times as much as the median probably do n't buy ten times as many smartphones . 
  well only tactically , he 's an opportunist . 
  strategically russia is moving towards an evolutionary dead end . 
  the economy is in dire need of diversification and modernisation , which could be so easily done given that the population is fairly educated . 
  it 's a really big tragedy . 
  increased trade volume between canada and the eurozone , which will spur economic growth and flow of capital in both regions ? 
  the most basic advantage and motivation for free trade ? 
   there are just to many things that disturb me in ceta like what specifically ? 
  yeah sure going by language alone is a little problematic but for people like kant would argue is that he is firmly placed within western european philosophical tradition . 
  he 's influenced by hume , leibniz , smith , descartes etc. . and he went on to influence all the german idealists which largely shaped that field of knowledge in germany for the time to come . 
  so that 's how i would go about placing intellectuals . 
  it 's admittedly easier in the humanities than it is in the natural sciences . 
  i do n't think it 's that hard honestly some fringe cases aside . 
  kant would clearly be german , so would hitler . 
  makes no sense to place either of them anywhere else . 
  einstein is a little more difficult , he could probably be placed in the us as well . 
  but it 's definitely more meaningful than placing hitler in austria , come on, 
  probably nothing , given that sexual offenders show the lowest rates of recidivism among pretty much all crimes , only 3 % of offenders commit sexual assaults again . 
  we 're not big on retributive justice , the ` eye for an eye ' times are over . 
  yes , then what are people complaining about ? 
  not everybody walked free , the 21 year old was sentenced to four years in prison . 
  did you read the article ? 
  the judges came to the conclusion that the perpetrators were repentant and do n't pose a threat to society any more . 
  i , like most likely everybody else in this thread was not in the court room , so i 'll accept that judgement . 
  a court room is n't a place to avenge . 
  people are convicted based on evidence and punished according to law , not based on the feelings of relatives . 
  we 're not governed by tribalism . 
  instead of going by sphere of influence or `` history of ideas '' this map goes by geographical birthplace , which is a terrible idea, 
  because everything historically significant he did as a german dictator . 
  for the same reason i feel that kant is misplaced , who was essentially a german philosopher not a russian one . 
  [ having learned from the civ franchise , i see ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/913/887/841.jpg ), 
   the introduction of a basic income would lead to the greatest cultural and technological explosion in all of humanity . 
  says who ? 
  it 's a pretty bold claim to assert that just handing people cash means they will involve themselves in politics . 
  just take the entire western world . 
  workload has continuously gone down , education has gone up , life expectancy has gone up , yet political participation is at an all time low . 
  when we were rebuilding our whole country in the 50 's and 60 's people were pretty fucking busy and working themselves to death , nonetheless political participation was almost universal . 
  you 're chasing a pipe dream . 
  people do n't participate voluntarily . 
  they get fat , play angry birds and lock themselves up in their room . 
  there 's no evidence that backs up your claim . 
  we 're as lazy and as politically inept as we have n't been in a long time , despite being more wealthy and having more free time than any generation before . 
  because that 's what it is by design . 
  it 's a transfer of money from the rich to the poor on an individual basis . 
  the receiver is just that , recipient , it 's does n't build towards social structures that translate into participation and empower people to create things or institutions . 
  it 's saying that we take the fruits of the system and hand them out , it 's not challenging individuals to go out and build something , it 's not interested in tearing the existing organisation of the means of production down , it 's a system that does n't * demand * anything from the population . 
  if there 's an answer it 's worker ownership of the means of production , or an economic model that does n't rely on corporate , accumulative structures . 
  basic income is the ultimate atomisation of society and leaves the recipients without any democratic power over their economy and society . 
  it 's essentially a hyper-capitalist answer to inequality , that will leave you with what we have right now . 
  social welfare at the bare minimum , just in a less bureaucratic form . 
  what 's also poisonous about it is that it immediately creates a nationalist impulse . 
  obviously universal income does not work in a world of immigration , that 's why it 's so popular among the borderline xenophobic internet audience . 
  it 's reliant on shielding yourself from all the misery in the developing world . 
  if we 're going to build a new economy we can as well build one on universal solidarity where everybody can participate instead of just receive . 
  there 's no incentive for a company to participate in this massive redistribution if they can move elsewhere . 
  what 's keeping them here are the knowledge workers , they 're a non-movable asset . 
  if their work can be replaced by machine or software they 're not bound to any specific physical location . 
  why do you think they 'd participate in a giant welfare economy rather than simply going somewhere else ? 
  robots do n't care about the weather, 
  well revolutions tend to get a little nasty , gave us modern democracy though , so still worth it liberal revolutions are n't fascist just because they 're violent . 
  the french revolution was probably the most pivotal moment in human history . 
  brought us secularism , got rid of monarchies and so on . 
  sure we also got napoleon but you ca n't make an omelette without breaking eggs, 
   unless the world also has a continually growing amount of resources then it 's not exactly gon na turn out that well .
