  and as far as rapes are concerned , 7/10 victims of rape know the rapist ( [ source ] ( https://www.rainn.org/statistics/perpetrators-sexual-violence ) ) . 
  stop spreading fiction of spooky exotic strangers are trying to steal your girl . 
  it 's not actually a significant threat . 
  you 're caught up in some tribal fantasy world . 
  the background violence of countries with guns in the public space greatly exceeds any terrorist threats . 
  i 'm not going to trade the illusion of safety because of some marginal terrorist threat for this nonsense . 
  and if i would get mugged i 'd hand over my wallet , do you think i 'd pull a weapon on a mugger for a hundred bucks ? 
  i 'm not fucking crazy, 
  in germany this has been called * extremismus der mitte * ( extremism of the middle ) historically and was fairly controversial when it first came up because germans tend to love their ` petite bourgeoisie ' . 
  the poorest usually tend to vote left while the richest tend to vote conservatively , but the disenfranchised middle-class really is what creates the breeding ground for extremist far-right beliefs . 
  looking at the recent elections i actually think that this is fairly correct . 
  zero people i know are upset about this and everybody i 've talked to approves of it . 
  funny how that works right you do n't need to defend yourself , you live in a civilized country . 
  call the police . 
   i mean , imagine than the same diplomat went to the us under obama and announced that he would have a long talk with alex jones about the birth certificate ... do you think obama would have received him ? 
  yes , because civil rights ngo 's in a democratic country are basically alex jones . 
  comparison checks out, 
  there is no such thing as an open for everyone space , that 's just a name you invented . 
  the law does apply in all spaces . 
  and this is actually the case in basically every democracy , freedom of speech is subject to limitations . 
  nothing to be surprised about . 
  i did respond to another guy why i disagree with that statement , and ironically erdogan himself went to prison for years because he made militaristic public statements , and is actually kind of barred from taking political offices . 
  i have no idea why that did n't work though, 
  yes , the prosecutor can drop the case ( in criminal law always the state ) but the victim can not go `` nah do n't prosecute that guy , was n't that bad '' . 
  that would be absolutely terrible, 
  dedicated places to vent , i would agree . 
  but if you 're actually facing other people in a completely normal context and you start to behave like some people do that is very wrong , and i would n't call it ` honest ' but more like dysfunctional . 
  i do n't want a kind of `` 4chan-ification '' of society . 
  we 're pretty much biological not build for anonymity . 
  we start to behave like mean and crazy people and everybody who has played games online for an hour or so knows it . 
  i think this modern focus on ` privacy ' is completely mislead . 
  if you want to be honest and straight do it with your name attached to it . 
  this disconnect between what you say and who you are is not good , it 's not liberating . 
  well either that or people could behave like functional social beings . 
  there 's this trend for people to basically privatize the public space by behaving as if society does n't exist . 
  there is n't a lack of privacy but actually * too much * of it . 
  people do n't respect public spaces any more . 
  this specific case aside , people are spewing crap in public that they would n't have said behind closed doors twenty years ago . 
   the girl ( now a grown woman ) even said publicly she was n't offended by the joke . 
  but it did n't work . 
  i assume that this falls under criminal law , and in criminal cases the state must prosecute because the intention is to punish , not to resolve dispute between two private parties . 
  this obviously makes sense , because if the state was not obligated to pursue a case you could have intimidation , or perpetrators paying victims off informally , or basically a parallel justice system . 
   twitter-crime twitter is a public space . 
  yes , when you tweet you might sit in front of your computer or a smart-phone but you 're still talking to a public audience . 
  there 's rules to how public spaces work and you 're not a private person on the internet . 
  it 's not a lawless space . 
  2-3 % of the polish * gdp * ( 100 billion from 2014-2020 ) , which is more growth than most european countries experience at the moment . 
  5d quantum p\u00e9tanque no seriously i do n't see it what 's the purpose of this, 
  well if everybody else is doing their best to make it worse that 's a reasonable course of action . 
  maybe the other parties involved could try to propose things that are n't terrible and we could go forward . 
  m\u00e9lenchon sounded like a cuban revolutionary out of a cryo chamber and le pen is just nationalist revanchism . 
  so , if you hate the elite so much how about proposing something new instead of recycling old and failed ideas ? 
  social democracy is n't the natural conclusion of capitalism , it 's an opposition to the principles of capitalism that exists in countries which have democratic safeguards . 
  social democracy does n't logically follow from capitalism , there 's no principle in it that respects or promotes social democracy . 
  what would that be ? 
  which capitalistic principle supports social democracy ? 
  in russia and china this stuff works because after communism went away there was a political vacuum . 
  there were no safeguards that protected the population from whatever came next , so everybody swept in and seized everything in much more radical fashion than would be possible here . 
  what is your obsession with proportional systems ? 
  that does n't even matter . 
  so fine you get le pen in france , what happens then ? 
  the louvre goes up in flames ? 
  she probably would n't even manage to pull france out of the eu given that she would be governing against more than half of the population . 
  and say she manages to do that ? 
  what then , how is the system over ? 
  the system continues to work just as it did before . 
  nobody will go to war or stop working , how does that accomplish anything, 
  there 's nothing breaking down . 
  look at trump or brexit , has the world ended ? 
  all you get is a guy who does exactly what you did n't want to happen , but on steroids . 
  trump will repeal dodd-frank , give some giant tax cuts to his friends and may will sell the nhs . 
  that 's about it , you 've just made the life of everybody worse . 
  seriously people who are trying to `` bring the system down '' could as well join some apocalyptic cult . 
  the far-right is n't hitler and beppe grillo is n't a communist , they 're no threat to the system , just idiots . 
  you can take things to their natural conclusion at a very fast or very slow pace , or not at all . 
  you can drink yourself to death in five or in twenty years . 
  does n't make you less of an alcoholic . 
  they wo n't destroy the system , they 'll just get a worse system . 
  why are people still believing that voting for demagogues will `` destroy the system ? '', 
  what 's the mechanism exactly that 's supposed to magically collapse the system here ? 
  you just get shit-tier politicians , nothing more nothing less . 
  found the pep8 reddit account, 
  they get offended because the theory is crap . 
  just because you 're equally distanced to two things does n't mean that the two things are actually identical . 
  i 'm just as bad at tennis as i am at writing chinese , that does n't mean that tennis and chinese are the same thing . 
  likewise , socialism is nothing like fascism just because they 're both not centrist . 
  well not if most of the old voters die off in the meantime , the millennial generation will be the biggest voting block everywhere soon . 
  and although there 's a sizable right-wing portion of right-wing voters among the french youth , that wo n't compensate for the countless of old voters . 
  demographically speaking this election is a cry on the deathbed . 
  germany is n't as centralized as france . 
  we do n't have a paris or london like metropolis to begin with . 
  politics here is more uniform between the urban and rural spaces . 
   i was thinking we just invest in robotics so we can automate away ~ ~ the jobs of ~ ~ le pen voters fixed that for you . 
  but yes let 's go with flowermotion 's plan that sounds nicer, 
  that 's my fetish, 
  no true scotsman hard at work here . 
  oligarchism is capitalism taken to its natural conclusion . 
  that is what happens if you let it run rampart . 
  same thing in china . 
  they 're not worse capitalists , they 're much better at it than we are .
