  the public is not supposed to be political all the time , it provokes a war of all against all , where democracy devolves into hitting each other with the political club . 
  the mass social media nowadays shows that this is true . 
  you do n't want everybody being riled up on politics all the time . 
  that we draw so many hierarchies and lines and representative into our political system shows that we are rightly afraid of having the people govern directly . 
   let me put the question to you . 
  would you be comfortable with laws being passed in germany from abroad ? 
  absolutely , as long as the institutions are functional and the lawmaking is focused on the common good , sure . 
  the eu is exactly one such example . 
  we are less sovereign as a result of being in a union , but we are better off . 
   here are good reasons why they are taxed differently , since investment-based income is obviously more risky than salary based income . 
  the tax system has to account for the fact that investors may make losses . 
  i 'm not sure if you have read the article , but the reason for this ruling is precisely because companies have started to purely pay in shares which basically functions as a salary , but with lower tax rates  the stockholm appeals court ruled last week that some of the profit-sharing from investments in private equity funds should be treated as salary rather than capital gains , backing the tax authority 's argument that partners were employees in consultancy firms , paid in carried interest . 
  the tax authority argues that because payments are partly based on performance , they can be regarded as salary . 
  so if the distinction has broken down to the point where people are simply treating capital income as if it was labour compensation , there 's no justification to tax differently . 
  i do n't really care about democracy or sovereignty in a vacuum . 
  democracy can elect demagogues and sovereignty can mean tyrannical rule . 
  they 're means , not ends . 
  being in control of your circumstances is only a good idea if you 're actually capable of managing your resources in some productive way . 
  the prosperity argument is obviously a genuine one if you look at the economic development in eastern europe . 
  barely anywhere else on the planet have living standards , healthcare , and job opportunities risen as fast after liberalization . 
  we do n't need to have an abstract numbers argument . 
  compare warsaw or tallinn today to 20 or 30 years ago . 
  it speaks for itself . 
  of course there 's inequality too , but that too is not in itself a problem . 
  obviously if you start out with every single citizen being poor to being a global market economy inequality is going to rise by definition . 
  this is n't dumb and it is n't an accident , it 's dangerous and intentional :  this is not because fascism contained in itself , so to speak in their quintessential state , all the elements of any later form of totalitarianism . 
  on the contrary , fascism had no quintessence . 
  fascism was a fuzzy totalitarianism , a collage of different philosophical and political ideas , a beehive of contradictions . 
  can one conceive of a truly totalitarian movement that was able to combine monarchy with revolution , the royal army with mussolini 's personal milizia , the grant of privileges to the church with state education extolling violence , absolute state control with a free market ? 
  the fascist party was born boasting that it brought a revolutionary new order ; but it was financed by the most conservative among the landowners who expected from it a counter-revolution . 
  at its beginning fascism was republican . 
  yet it survived for twenty years proclaiming its loyalty to the royal family , while the duce ( the unchallenged maximal leader ) was arm-in-arm with the king , to whom he also offered the title of emperor . 
  but when the king fired mussolini in 1943 , the party reappeared two months later , with german support , under the standard of a `` social '' republic , recycling its old revolutionary script , now enriched with almost jacobin overtones . 
  [ ... ]  the contradictory picture i describe was not the result of tolerance but of political and ideological discombobulation . 
  but it was a rigid discombobulation , a structured confusion . 
  fascism was philosophically out of joint , but emotionally it was firmly fastened to some archetypal foundations . 
  it 's actually good for both . 
  let 's face it , many people who go into small time entrepreneurship end up broke , never run a significant profit and are n't very productive . 
  it 's the problem of the gig economy that plagues countries with a laissez faire system . 
  the only thing this gives you is choice , but choice is n't worth anything if all choices suck , it 's a sort of pseudo-freedom . 
  neither the individual nor society profit from an army of poor self-employed people . 
  it 's a huge social hazard . 
  sure the family owned mittelstand businesses are n't hip or fit into the current zeitgeist of `` everybody can make it '' etc but at least they function . 
  it 's great because the innovation happens * between * institutions rather than at some single point , the merit of the system is very much in the connections between the different parts of the system . 
  another example of this is the research institute system . 
  much research in germany is not purely done in universities but between `` stiftungen '' , business and the public sector , which prevents the problems centralized countries are facing at the moment . 
  interestingly stuttgart happens to be the city with the most patents/research by capita . 
  he 's probably just talking about minimal compensation , not necessary as a law , which is generally high in mittelstand companies , due to the close relationship between employers / employees . 
  same as in denmark . 
  absolutely not . 
  the mittelstand in germany * outpaces * the big companies in growth . 
  if you 're talking about start ups or whatever , i actually think it 's good that we 're not encouraging it . 
  it 's not a sustainable business model . 
  over 90 % of them go bust and what do you do with the people then ? 
  it should actually not be easy to fund a business , it sets a bad incentive . 
  has watched too much of the oa before the debate, 
  why not ? 
  what are you gon na do , wall yourself in and cut the phone lines ? 
  be thankful that someone pumps his own money into ass backwards nations to move them towards a system that can function in the global economy, 
  that 's pretty much her sanest position and one that numerous economists have suggested , for example stiglitz among the more prominent ones . 
  this is not an outrageous idea at all . 
  most of the criticism of le pen is perfectly valid and i 'd never vote for her but this is just not a good argument . 
  a common criticism is that the euro , because it has only one central bank , only allows for one monetary policy . 
  some countries would like to , for example , combat high unemployment by printing more money and reducing interest rates . 
  a dual currency would mean that countries get that ability back while still also utilising the common currency for businesses who do not want the risk that comes with changing exchange rates . 
  do n't give me this chickenshit argument . 
  abstaining is empowering le pen because nobody knows if le pen would get even more power in 2022 . 
  that 's simply a completely fabricated scenario to justify their nonsensical voting behaviour . 
  well fan is overdoing it but as he says he understands the very important moral obligation of everyone to oppose far-right candidates . 
  which should be obvious but for some reason does n't seem to be among some subset of the m\u00e9lenchon voterbase . 
  well people make the same shitty argument for ww1 so might as well just include it . 
  well or if you have to move frequently . 
  i currently have to move twice a year because of work and it simply does n't make any sense for me to buy property . 
  if i do n't want to have it sit around i 'd need to rent it out or whatever and that 's just a giant additional bunch of work . 
  this is btw a real problem for people who buy early and then notice that this was n't a great decision , and in the worst case you are in a region where prices are falling and then you 're stuck . 
  in our day and age property is not a great guarantor for financial security any more , because flexibility is preferable to physical assets , which might end up being dead weights . 
  well , we are n't really a progressive country , we are a pretty conservative country . 
  and conservative people are precautious . 
  they do n't change things just for the sake of change , they change something when a demonstratively better alternative comes along . 
  and in this case voters have decided every time that this was n't the case . 
  so i do n't really see the problem . 
  ruling for a long time does n't automatically turn you into a dictator , in fact there 's plenty of non - democratic countries where the leadership seems to change every few months . 
  so as long as there 's no one better i do n't see the problem . 
  what concerns does it raise ? 
  she would be the third chancellor governing for four mandates . 
  both adenauer and kohl governed for more than 14 years each . 
  are you fucking serious , no modern german party has even a million members . 
  of course they had the support of the population . 
  you do n't wage two world wars without it, 
  that is correct , the meme part is thinking that you can write ten ideas down in a ministry and then scream them down from the mountaintop . 
  not to the same degree . 
  there were still some rights left out before hollande signed the bill in 2013 . 
  also all spousal unions in france are civil , there is no recognition of religious marriage at all , so there really is no basis for any form of discrimination . 
  hello russia , because it grants the couples rights that honor their mutual commitment, 
  singapore , the united kingdom , canada and australia ? 
  slow down there max, 
  well what you could do is acknowledge the point instead of throwing back a one liner , but to answer your question , plenty of things that being called fascist are n't really fascist . 
  but this amalgam of provocative visuals with a deep core of resentment is actually fascist in the real sense of the word . 
  if we get it today it wo n't come with jackboots and weird mustaches , that 's for sure . 
  let 's see what umberto eco had to say on the topic  one has only to look at the syllabus of every fascist movement to find the major traditionalist thinkers .
