  if coalition partners start to go back on their promises you end up with a clowncar, 
   completely insane ... no , politically reasonable . 
  we 're not going to push this stuff through with a hammer and as a result we do n't have some kind of reactionary mob voting crazy people into office because of this . 
  it 's basically a purely symbolic issue because civil unions provide almost the same rights to homosexual couples . 
  you 've got to move on social issues at a pace that does not completely alienate conservative voters . 
  by triangulating carefully on these issues merkel has managed to modernise the party without shutting the fairly large conservative base completely out . 
  this is the smarter way to go about things , why would you rush these things ? 
  no it has not  who decides who 's extremist ? 
  the legislative and judicial branch of government . 
  seriously what the fuck is that question, 
  people legitimately use these kinds of arguments to soften up the discussion about racial profiling , which is a highly ineffective ( and unconstitutional ) practice . 
  did n't seem clear that you were ` joking ', 
  no it 's not . 
  profiling is control and targeting of people based on some characteristic , say their religion , ethnicity or whatever . 
  targeting people who have connections to terrorist organisations or otherwise have ended up in the circle of potential terrorists is simply police work, 
  lower vat will be the biggest culprit i assume, 
  there is no such thing as `` left-fascism '' . 
  fascism and communism are entirely different ideologies . 
   assuming they 've gone full satire at this point . 
  #  so deranged and offensive to the four million ** decent , humane and responsible ** people who read us looks like they still have a sense of humour at least, 
  what are you , a semantics nazi ? 
  many more people fled from assad than they did from the is , because assad kills a shit-ton of more people , primarily because he has an army at his disposal here 's is an older article from [ two years ago ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/survey-leaves-no-doubt-syrians-are-fleeing-assad/a-18775789 ) assad has probably killed over a hundred thousand syrians , which are citizens of his own country . 
  the man is a genocidal maniac and needs to go, 
  never said that i 'm a good catholic, 
  this is canon , that is why it is called a `` dogmatic constitution '' , it 's part of the second vatican council , the biggest reformation of the catholic church in modern history and the basis for their contemporary beliefs have you ever had a religious education ? 
  yes , time to brush up on your theology  but the plan of salvation also includes those who acknowledge the creator . 
  in the first place amongst these there are the muslims , who , professing to hold the faith of abraham , along with us adore the one and merciful god , who on the last day will judge mankind . 
  nor is god far distant from those who in shadows and images seek the unknown god , for it is he who gives to all men life and breath and all things , ( 127 ) [ ... ]  the church regards with esteem also the moslems . 
  they adore the one god , living and subsisting in himself ; merciful and all - powerful , the creator of heaven and earth , ( 5 ) who has spoken to men ; they take pains to submit wholeheartedly to even his inscrutable decrees , just as abraham , with whom the faith of islam takes pleasure in linking itself , submitted to god . 
  though they do not acknowledge jesus as god , they revere him as a prophet . 
  they also honor mary , his virgin mother ; at times they even call on her with devotion . 
  in addition , they await the day of judgment when god will render their deserts to all those who have been raised up from the dead . 
  finally , they value the moral life and worship god especially through prayer , almsgiving and fasting . 
  [ pope paul vi - * lumen gentium * ] ( http://www.vatican.va/archive/hist_councils/ii_vatican_council/documents/vat-ii_const_19641121_lumen-gentium_en.html ) [ * / nostra aetate * ] ( http://www.vatican.va/archive/hist_councils/ii_vatican_council/documents/vat-ii_decl_19651028_nostra-aetate_en.html ) finally going to a catholic private school payed off, 
  yes , leaving the united kingdom is stupid as fuck too . 
  this whole balkanization is ridiculous no matter who advocates it, 
  what a plot twist, 
  make tito great again seriously dissolving the union was a mistake , this is tribalism, 
  [ mfw the uk beats us ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x9duvcu.jpg ), 
  given what i 've encountered in university urinals i 'm not sure that this statement is universally true, 
  the point is simply to see that religious or pre-modern society is not simply ` barbaric ' or systemically homophobic . 
  as foucault pointed out , sexuality during those times was not really governed or sanctioned by the state . 
  you could have multiple wifes and a male lover if that 's what you fancied , sexuality was mainly romantic or aesthetic . 
  the real systemic roots of homophobia started when sexuality was captured by the state . 
  british sexual morality during the victorian age is often summed up as `` when i hear his steps outside my door i lie down on my bed , open my legs and think of england '' . 
  in modernity sexuality turned from something that is private to something that is public , it became an exercise of public health , or a matter of hygiene . 
  this is important to understand if you think that homophobia is something that only happens in `` backwards '' societies . 
  homophobia as a national program is much scarier than a cultural taboo . 
  you can even see this in today 's discourse about sexuality . 
  people will talk about what is the healthiest way to have sex , college campus discussions around consent that border on the paranoid , people in our nominally liberal societies are remarkably anxious about anything sexual . 
  the ottoman empire decriminalised homosexuality in 1858 , homosexual relations where quite common within the higher strata of osman ( and many middle-eastern ) societies , actually the clear distinction between hetero - and homosexual life is quite new . 
  in persian culture having a male , young lover ( called an * amrad * ) was common and there exists a lot of poetic fiction about it they took a lot of cultural cues from ancient greek and roman society , so this is not terribly surprising . 
  the huge swing against homoexuality and the creation of `` hetero-normativity '' picked up speed with the decline of the ottoman empire and the spread of victorian sexual morality ( in this case notably also a ` scientification ' and ` sanitization ' of sexual life ) around the globe . 
  problem is that we 're in a single market and currency union and given that fact we ought to look at the whole eurozone . 
  it 's like adjusting the entire american fiscal and monetary policy to california . 
   one of the highest levels of internet censorship in europe afiak . 
  not everybody measures freedom in number of shitposts on facebook . 
  never has been the case in germany , never will . 
  you could as well argue that nobody in europe is free because we do n't have a hundred million guns in every country . 
   you might not like the immense economic damage they cause ( you know , 2008 and all that ) . 
  the fact aside that this is a terrible argument in and of itself , bank meltdowns do n't cause damage in geographical proximity to the bank , they 're not battery waste plants, 
  goldman sachs was n't a perpetrator in any sense . 
  they invested into a housing market which was overblown because policies in the us over-encouraged and subsidise home ownership and the monetary policy had driven credit down . 
  so what do you expect an investment bank to do ? 
  it 's a governments job to pass legislation that prevents this stuff, 
  really ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i got curious now . 
  if my google maps skills have not failed me [ the distance between the fire and the coast is about 70km ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/@39.6888597,-8.0427527,227027m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=en ) if that fire would be 25km \u00b2 then each side would only be five kilometers long . 
  that seems off , also the distance between the fire and the south coast of portugal is like 300km , so that map is much larger, 
  lots of rabbis do n't really hold any metaphysical positions and teach religion as a set of norms , guidelines and law . 
  there 's no real contradiction at all . 
  paul tillich or paul van buren were prominent christian proponents of the so called ` death of god ' theology , which was the idea of building a christian theology that does not make any transcendent claims . 
  not for the people at the post office, 
  well if we 're going by mainstream econ theory that is actually the right point to increase taxes but germany has never really followed anti-cyclical policy . 
  schulz should put more focus on the fact that they also want to lower tax rates for low income families and importantly social security , which hits poor people in germany way too harshly . 
  overall their economic plan makes a great deal of sense , they should just frame it differently . 
  i 'm no expert at judging sizes from space but i would assume that this is 25x25 , it looks pretty huge, 
  it 's also a terrible strategy , historically running campaigns on higher taxes does n't get you votes in germany, 
  i 've worked there for a while and you i can assure you i have never heard someone identify themselves with the yellow emperor what level of stereotype are you on right now, 
  that the guy is purposefully twisting it and relativizes the crime . 
  his posting is nothing but a giant xenophobic rant . 
  typical user here, 
  yes and we do n't endorse their concepts right ? 
  we do n't call islamist terror attacks ` retaliation ' either . 
   the only rightwing terrorist attack in the eu during 2016 was committed in the netherlands , yes . 
  depends on what your threshold is i guess , arson attacks happened frequently in germany in 2016 . 
  i think something like 700 cases were registered last year . 
  because they usually do n't have the qualifications and relationships to enter unions or organisations that often look first and foremost after themselves . 
  those programs are great if you 're a teacher , or a factory worker or otherwise established and skilled , but if you 're part of the precariat this is not an economy to easily enter . 
  the barrier to opening a business in france is relatively high , the tax burden is very high and the flexibility to hire is complicated by rigid labour law . 
  this is detrimental for a say immigrant youth who will not be hired on a contract or able to enter a union . 
  those people need the chance to get a foot into the labour market , and for this they need to be able to both create businesses and enter the workplace easily . 
  m\u00e9lenchon 's socialist answer is not a model for this . 
  french socialism is incredibly entrenched and privileged . 
  you are expected to fall in line , join a union , forfeit your culture and so forth . 
  it is a civic , rigid form of nationalism . 
  that is no model for people at the bottom of the ladder . 
  it works well for the middle-class , but not for anybody else . 
  neither at the very top or at the bottom .
