  it 's not accident that mccain and graham are more tolerated among liberals than any other republican . 
  as soon as us presidents go to war approval rating goes up and there 'll never be a widespread national movement against it . 
  what 's we supposed to mean here , that was a unilateral moe, 
  like . . going to war and bringing the light to the rest of the world is literally the only thing americans can actually agree on when trump threw that fucking moab on syria `` this is what freedom looks like '' was stated unironically and it was the first time the liberal press actually thought he did something right . 
  well that and thanksgiving i guess, 
   like ... seriously ... are european federalists really so inept & incapable of forging a new national identity for their dream state , that they have to make america the scary foreign boogeyman to unite everybody against ? 
  i mean the us literallly goes to war for this like every ten years, 
  it 's radical in the sense of making pragmatism and compromise a central feature of their political action . 
  it 's centrism not from a point of convenience but rather from a point of philosophical scepticism about radicalism . 
  if you 're intending to be a political party for more than one or two elections you ought to have your eye on the long term consequences of your candidate rather than immediate electorate gains . 
  this is not a sports game , if trump blows the republican party and the country apart you 've gained nothing . 
  see response to other guy . 
  big tent liberalism popularised by third way politicians , with focus on coalition building , empowering global middle-classes , and so forth . 
  no , again . 
  radical centrism is actually a [ well defined term ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radical_centrism ) , it 's attributed to liberal people who wanted to overcome the left-right divide , such as clinton , nick clegg and so forth . 
  those people are not fascists . 
  `` radical centrism '' is an international , liberal , moderate political position . 
  the spd has a huge turkish-german voterbase . 
  to accuse gabriel of utilizing turkish resentment is fucking ridiculous . 
  this is an issue of foreign politics , and has foreign minister this is his job . 
  he would be failing miserably if he would be soft on erdogan just to appeal to domestic voters . 
  * that * would be a shitty campaign tactic . 
  that does n't make you a centrist but more of a fascist , it 's basically corporatism . 
  ( although in a softer form as she 's is presumably not as extremist as her father ), 
  i 'm pretty sure the gop could put up a mixture of pol pot and freddy krueger and the republicans would still support him as long as he wins them elections, 
  you could probably interpret it as the `` radical centre '' i guess but that would be macron , not fillon , who is closer to the thatcher-esque right, 
  if you 're still buying into 70 year old stalinist anti-semitsm i do n't think there is much hope honestly are people in poland seriously still buying in these `` internationalist jew '' conspiracy theories ? 
  they do n't like the jews / minorities right now because the commies screwed them over ? 
  you 're going to have to explain that one to me, 
  they 're different than other people in poland , a notoriously controversial concept these days, 
  the point that should n't be neglected here is that we are n't in a cold war situation . 
  china is rapidly rising economically and they 're not really caught up in cold war communism any more . 
  meanwhile in the west there 's lots of institutional problems as seen in recent elections . 
  it 's unclear whether we just need to broadcast some messages out there and they 'll see the light . 
  i 'm pretty sure the primary modern reason for jamming and nationalising the internet are simply economical and protectionist rather than political . 
  most people in china could get access to western information one way or the other anyway . 
  in russia this is still trivial anyway . 
  yeah everybody does care about this stuff , we just do n't rant about muslims , foreigners or refugees 24/7, 
  i think you need a statistics course if you think a few deranged maniacs are even remotely worth caring about . 
  i do n't need to be a hero to understand basic arithmetic, 
  so three this year ? 
  am i supposed to be scared now ? 
  yeah no we do n't have daily attacks at all . 
  unless by daily you mean the first or second time this year ? 
  you should hush back to your right-wing safespace again, 
  no , not really we tried that a few times and it generally turned out to be a bad idea we 're just not a bunch of whiny wankers any more that break out in hives if they see a foreign looking guy, 
   shared nearly over 3000 times on facebook , 300 times on twitter . 
  yeah about that there 's about 50 million german voters . 
  social media is n't a relevant factor in germany, 
  the ' 4chan generation ' really is incapable of recognising that laissez-faire speech and privacy rules do n't govern every country on the planet . 
  extremism was never tolerated in modern german society , the idea of the `` wehrhafte demokratie '' ( militant democracy ) is basically the founding principle of the federal republic . 
   but still : it is a joke this is essentially what people are saying about the trump presidency and he 's been in office for half a year it 's only a joke if it at some points stops [ obligatory zizek ] ( https://youtu.be/qwfectfmms4?t=57 ), 
  that 's not even possible with a car , at least in a densely populated city . 
  a well run public transport gets you faster through a crowded place than a car and is far less stressful . 
  problem of course being that a lot of cities have not sufficiently invested into their public infrastructure . 
  well you do n't need to talk to me about this , i actually find the idea of homosexuals fighting for marriage kind of silly anyway as the institution itself is conservative and boring as hell and the advantage gay people had was that they actually could use their sexuality as a means of liberation . 
  and `` picaresque characteristics '' , seriously ? 
  jeez there are a lot of sexually repressed people on reddit , have we entered a new biedermeier period ? 
  as far as i care leave marriage to the conservatives , it primarily serves a legal function , has nothing to do with shame . 
  i 'll take a stand against your terribly bad posting if that counts, 
  because marriage still serves as an important institution for child upbringing and property relations . 
  the answer why polyamory is n't legally enshrined is quite banal , try to manage inheritance or custody rights with multiple people legally speaking monogamous relationships are by far the most convenient form of organisation , does n't make them more morally righteous . 
  make charlemagne great again, 
  i mean , if the soviet union did one good thing then it was pushing religion out of the public life , not so easy to reverse this . 
  russia also has one of the highest global rates of women in leadership positions and a fairly educated population overall . 
  i can understand the french , most people are polyamorous . 
  i 'm pretty sure the rate of actual cheating is just about equally high in most countries , the americans just do the good old puritan `` preach water drink wine '' thing americans always seemed to have a ridiculously stiff attitude towards sexuality, 
  these silly army videos remind me of this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j45lrshflte, 
  during the height of the cold war i 'm pretty sure it felt like the equivalent of a tweet was enough to set things off . 
  we basically have a permanent damocles sword over our heads since . . well basically ever but especially since we 've developed nuclear capabilities . 
  this is n't new . 
  i mean hell they ran nuclear bomb shelter training in schools during much of the cold war . 
   if the overwhelming majority of the people of the spanish culture are against the practice , then it is not part of the spanish culture . 
  the very fact that it still exists * although * 90 % of the population oppose it kind of signifies that it is culturally entrenched . 
  thinks that have no cultural backing usually go away if an overwhelming majority disagrees . 
  this `` it 's not culture '' thing seems like a cop out . 
  spaniards should aggressively try to get rid of this stuff . 
  protest the events if necessary . 
  guy who tried to attack police at the airport was brought down with one of the barricades lying around, 
  mattis seems like the only person with a functioning brain in that fucking administration . 
  language and economics are probably the main driver , not that surprising . 
  also hong kong is a pretty great place in general ( if you like big bustling cities ), 
  when people criticise brutalism they basically always pick the shittiest examples they cab find , it can look really impressive, 
  depends , it can also lead to institutional slack . 
  see a place like southern italy or greece where family relations , patrimonialism , black markets and so forth dominate much of social life . 
  this makes an impartial state of law impossible . 
  if everybody knows each other and is very familiar it might lead to people behaving ` transactionally ' relying on favours , family relations and so forth which is actually really terrible to promote meritocratic society . 
  many countries who stagnate economically suffer to a degree from this . 
  you can pack everything in to a meta term of ` culture ' , but that is not what the op was implying . 
  he was alluding to some shared geographical or cultural history , which is not necessary for a group to be organised in trustworthy fashion . 
  you can take people from all over the world , diverse as hell , and with enough will and functional institutions they can build a well functioning society . 
  as goold old hume told us , can not get an * ought * from an * is * , as such the category of `` unnatural '' things in regards to what we ought to do is entirely meaningless . 
  true as well in singapore or switzerland . 
  you 're conflating good governance with culture . 
  you do n't need a common culture , you need a common * trust * . 
  that trust does not come from everybody being the same , it comes from everybody playing by the rules and asking what they can do for the common good rather than acting in narrow private interest . 
  there are plenty of culturally homogeneous countries in which that trust does not exist , mostly because institutions and administration are thoroughly corrupt . 
  meh his still comparatively rational . 
  opportunistic for sure but not that mad . 
  there 's much worse in russian politics than this .
