  i think the whole gun thing is kind of archaic and useless but at least there 's an idea of resistance behind it . 
  after all , the us is one of the few countries that grants their citizens the right to overthrow an illegitimate government . 
  i do n't think guns are a pretty great tool to rebel any more but at least the idea is there i guess . 
  the gun stuff is n't about security or complacency at all . 
  this erdogan vote on the other hand is . 
  these people just want a great daddy who takes are of all their problems and the women are apparently willing to vote themselves into the past voluntarily . 
  that is unambiguously spineless . 
  it 's the same here too really with all these terrorism scares and so on . 
  people are really only liberal when the weather is nice . 
  as soon as it touches their wallet or their security they start to abandon principles . 
  do n't give me this hyperbolic nonsense . 
  erdogan openly campaigns on turning women into glorified birth machines . 
  that 's not `` some security '' that 's being turned into a commodity . 
  do n't need to be a fucking anarchist to see the difference . 
  if you 're willing to vote for a chauvinist dictator for a hundred bucks pension you 've gone off the deep end . 
  you are still not understanding the point . 
  it is irrelevant what i consider best for them . 
  they are taking away their own rights , that is the very definition of being brainwashed . 
  acting against your own interest and limiting your own freedom . 
  that 's what they 're doing . 
  does n't matter what i , they or anybody else think of it . 
  would probably be more of an opinion if the post actually had any content . 
  people criticizing macron are awfully silent on his actual policies . 
  [ erdogan 's new headquarters ] ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-bi15cznedxi/v2r6d9gdphi/aaaaaaaakyk/znux_bx0ghizuanlwae2hztcaw-l6aisgclcb/s1600/the%2bheadquarters%2bof%2bmussolini%2527s%2bitalian%2bfascist%2bparty%252c%2b1934.jpg ), 
  you can hold a referendum whenever you want , it 's not like german troops are going to storm greece or whatever , this is n't the reason that syriza has backed out . 
  syriza has backed out because they know perfectly well that the damage done to greece by exiting will be devastating for them as a party . 
  that 's why they 've fallen into the eu line . 
  and i mean , what are you going to do , their original positions simply find no real sympathy in germany , or eastern europe , or even scandinavia . 
  so if european countries negotiate what are we supposed to do ? 
  are all other countries just supposed to ignore their electorate so that greece can do what it wants ? 
  that 's not democratic either . 
  so the only option is leaving , and taking the cost that comes with it , or staying . 
  but if you stay you do n't get to play the blame game or call anybody else undemocratic . 
  the eu is not just a union in a value neutral sense . 
  the eu stands for several important , mostly liberal values . 
  that is commitment to a social market economy , individual rights , the rule of law etc. . m\u00e9lenchon , without hyperbole is a kind of old-school cuban nationalist socialist . 
  his ` unsubmissive france ' program is incompatible with what the eu is about . 
  and of course not all the european workers want out of it , because not all european workers are as radical as melenchon is . 
  many of them are conservative , liberal , socialists or what have you . 
  he does not speak on behalf of all the workers , this tone alone annoys me to no end . 
  who is `` we the workers '' ? 
  we 're not living in the class warfare of the 60 's . 
  there 's no united worker front . 
  the demographic has diverging interests . 
  and of course the greek position changed . 
  many greek people want to stay in the currency union , they do not want a kind of rogue exit and solo mission led by syriza . 
  if that would be the case the government would not have caved . 
  but the greek people know how costly this isolation would be . 
  you 're essentially expressing the same logic that is used by segregationists who advocate for separate spaces for blacks and whites , or people who defend the burqa on grounds that it prevents sexual assault . 
  `` freedom in your kitchen '' , although maybe easier to obtain than freedom in more genuine aspects of life , is not a substitute . 
  it 's actually an incredibly perverted argument . 
  it 's basically saying that we are all animals and can not change society , as such we should place the women in the home and the negro on the field , where they can happily respect the natural order of things yeah genuine liberty is much harder to obtain , but it actually has the advantage of being liberty . 
  it 's the old story of inverting freedom by saying that genuine freedom is submission to authority , because all those pesky liberties just confuse you . 
  no thanks , no matter if woman or man whoever defends this is a deeply reactionary person . 
  this is n't really a great defense . 
  there have been female anti-suffragette movements in relatively recent european history , there are women who defend shariah law , in some countries up to 50 % of the population . 
  of course they 're brainwashed , they 're castrating their own rights . 
  that 's arguably even more stupid than destroying someone else 's rights . 
  there have always been reactionary women or other marginalised groups who decide to join the side of the oppressors . 
  that does n't make the discrimination itself any less real . 
  erdogan is not less of an autocrat because some pretty girls in a car with crop tops cheer from him . 
  positions are n't justified solely by virtue of someone expressing them . 
  because in depth policy discussions have convinced so many people in history . 
  i know this whole idea sounds nice , we have a debate with someone and then you convince them after a passionate argument bla bla but honestly show me one stubborn person who has actually changed their mind after after an argument . 
  it just does n't happen , especially not in politics . 
  i promise you a sizeable portion of people wo n't believe that climate change is real even when the nearest lake is flooding through their living room . 
  even max plank said that ` science advances one funeral at a time ' . 
  i 'll agree with you that he is not persuasive , but not because he 's shallow but rather because he is condescending . 
  this idea of trying things back to the ` factual ' where we can reason with anybody is misguided , we simply need better narratives . 
   le pen actually has a surprising amount of support amongst young voters . 
  an insane amount of [ youth support ] ( http://imgur.com/e4g2sgh ) actually . 
  link is from ft last month the fuck young french people, 
  . . so he 's opposed to the eu ? 
  the eu is a liberal union , not some kind of far-left wet dream . 
  hell if he already complains about the german position , what the fuck is he going to do about eastern and northern europe ? 
  they 're ten times more hawkish , especially fiscally . 
  just like podemos , syriza etc. . he is a complete joke . 
  he has absolutely no mandate to carry through his plan . 
  on day one his fellowship will cheer and on day 2 the hangover will set in and he 'll be absolutely unable to even deliver on one single promise without wrecking the french economy . 
  at that point he will ask the french people `` do you want to leave the eu and carry through my program ? '', 
  and the voters will be rightfully scared and say no and his rebel program will be over . 
  same story as in greece . 
   larger does not automatically mean better . 
  it actually can and often does introduce new problems because large sample often create their own biases . 
  a interesting case study for this is the literary digest poll in the us https://www.math.upenn.edu/~deturck/m170/wk4/lecture/case1.html, 
  i 'm not sure what you 're on about , it is clear from my post that i 'm not talking about some lofty ideals , i 'm talking about the real , destructive outcome of transporting a separatist ideology into a diverse region as the middle east . 
  iraq as a nation made no fucking sense what so ever with their anti-persian and anti-kurdish politics , same problem in turkey with the kurds , and well we do n't need to talk about assad . 
  add to that the the war between nations and you hilariously enough get the exact same ethno-religious situation you had in europe in the 20th century , because as i already said it 's the same failed ideology ported into a different region . 
  and i 'm not jesus i ca n't tell you what exactly is the panacea here , but i am very confident that it is not this . 
  imposing statist , homogeneous and secular government onto people that are ill suited for any of the three is a horrible idea . 
  i 'm not convinced at all that the nation state model even is applicable in the region . 
  hell they never really came in contact with it before ww i. 
  it arguably has outlived its usefulness here in europe too . 
  because people on reddit have a huge boner for secular/european ethno-nationalism and for some reason do n't understand that it 's no less authoritarian or shitty than whatever system it 's trying to displace . 
  and kemalism , baathism and so were basically versions of that nationalism transported into the middle-east . 
  left-wingers like it because it 's all revolutionary and anti-colonial and right-wingers like it because it 's basically 20 / 30 's german nationalism with an arab / turkish / whatever spin . 
  it does n't seem to register with them that atat\u00fcrk was obviously not a democrat ( at least if you do n't consider erdogan to be one either ) . 
  during their strongest moments the chp had basically completely destroyed the opposition and practically * was * the state . 
  the le pen 's embroiled in nazi activities ? 
  i feel [ mildly shocked ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kr93ta2.mp4 ) it 's pretty sad that this is apparently worthy of an article .
