  you have to remember that just about 20 years have passed since eastern europe has started to recover from war and the dissolution of the ussr , it will take a while before the situation approaches western levels , many asian countries took about three generations to catch up . 
  but the momentum in eastern europe is certainly a positive one . 
  the political and cultural atmosphere especially towards immigration and political cooperation is certainly troubling though . 
  urbanisation is n't bad because there 's huge upsides to it regarding levels of education , income , mobility and so forth and the emigration problem is outweighed by the amount of capital and modernisation coming in . 
  as poland 's economy improves immigration and emigration will switch around , and polish people who 've received training and experience might come back and bring it with them . 
  taken as a whole that 's positive . 
  italy is different because they 're already a developed country , there the exodus is a real problem and it 's not clear how that situation is supposed to be reversed . 
  better governance would probably be a start . 
   but the economy can grow only at the rate of productivity growth ( 1-2 % historically ) over the long term . 
  if you 're already at full employment , in which case nobody advocates deficit spending . 
  if you 've got a reserve army of 25 % unemployed you can grow at a vastly higher rate by putting these people back to work . 
  that is the principal idea behind anti-cyclical policy . 
  that picture is pretty sad given how the merkel - kohl relationship unraveled, 
  if that hits you in the eyes you 've good a good chance of going blind , happened to some protester in germany a few years ago , six years of legal battles and got 150k or something in court . 
  it 's a sad joke, 
  i mean you had the `` d&d promotes witchraft and satanism '' stuff among religious nuts in the us , then there was the whole ` videogames produce murderers ' thing , for a while people thought rock music would inevitable lead to drug use etc. . 
  i 'm in my mid twenties and in elementary school gameboys and pokemon started to get really popular and the teachers all tried to ban it because they thought it 'd ruin us or something moral panic about the activities of adolescents is maybe the oldest invention on the planet . 
  i mean , this is socrates saying :  the counts of the indictment are luxury , bad manners , contempt for authority , disrespect to elders , and a love for chatter in place of exercise . 
  ...  children began to be the tyrants , not the slaves , of their households . 
  they no longer rose from their seats when an elder entered the room ; they contradicted their parents , chattered before company , gobbled up the dainties at table , and committed various offences against hellenic tastes , such as crossing their legs . 
  they tyrannised over the paidagogoi and schoolmasters . 
   collective cultural shitfit every time a new toy became popular . 
  this was a thing before the internet . 
  whether it was trading cards , or [ these damn things ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scoubidou ) that somehow make a comeback every ten years there was some new thing every other week, 
  what can we say , it 's our area of expertise, 
  tabs can lead to different amount of columns being used depending on the environment , spaces always occupy one column . 
  practically all editors nowadays have an option to convert tabs to spaces so it does n't matter . 
  it 's refreshing to see someone with an american flag say that out loud, 
  orban is one of the most erratic opportunists around . 
  he has held just about every political believe since he first entered politics . 
  he exclusively cares about staying in office . 
  which actually makes him less bad in a sense because there 's ways to influence him . 
  if your car is somehow of significant interest to the public welfare and you 're being compensated for it financially , sure property is a bunch of contracts between the state , who creates property law , and the individual , in this case you . 
  we are not property absolutists who received property law on a stone tablet, 
   used it for refugees which was a lie and it would n't have been a problem if it was true . 
  property exists to be used , vacant property should be appropriated under eminent domain , property in densely populated cities is n't some kind of gold reserve, 
   countries use public advocacy all the time . 
  if it is ok have advertisements for public transit , safe sex , health iniatives , good environmental practices ect , then why is it bad to advertise having more children ? 
  again , i did not argue at all that is it bad or good , i said that it is ineffective , which is true , some countries have those campaign and it did ... nothing . 
  secondly having the state involve itself in reproductive matters is vastly more invasive than handling public transit or environmental practices . 
  and concerning the immigration part , people have been moving around for thousands of years . 
  places now are populated by different people than they were three hundred years ago and that will be true in the future . 
  that 's how it goes, 
   lol stop being so scared of the japanese having children . 
  why is that a bad thing ? 
  i 'm not afraid of anything but people in developed countries want to live autonomous lives and tend to not have many children , which is okay and intervention usually does n't change much . 
  instead of running `` propaganda campaigns '' or national ads like some kind of 20th century eugenicist we can simply allow people to move freely . 
  sounds simpler . 
  first that stuff does n't really work , secondly stop being so afraid of immigrants that you want to run shitty nationalist propaganda campaigns . 
  it really ca n't be fixed in many ways . 
  every post-industrial economy needs at least some migration to shoulder the demographic transition , and you also need fresh blood to keep innovating . 
  the next generation of startups and businesses will not be produced by people who are 60 years old , the country has been caught in stagflation for about 15 years already . 
  the silicon valley dominates the rest of the world in this regard because it has a diverse set of talent to draw from , and also a huge class of migrants with upward aspirations . 
  first , this is a silly reddit meme and a majority of jobs especially in care and manual labour will not be automated in the near future , secondly the central problem of a ` gerontocracy ' are the political consequences of demographic change , that is a ruling elderly class . 
  this can not be ` automated ' , and it is something that is already hitting japan . 
  the youth has basically no political influence . 
  in 2030 every fourth japanese citizen will be over the age of 65 so they better start liking the idea before they turn into a gerontocracy, 
  she talked about this recently in an interview with walter mossberg , when she started out in politics she trained herself to act aloof and distanced because women who showed a lot of emotion during campaigns where often discredit as ` hysterical ' . 
  i assume it 's pretty hard to shake that off, 
  i see , what 's the popularity for it ? 
  are people not willing to enter training or get say renewables into the region ? 
  is it a ` rustbelt-like ' situation ? 
  i understand , and i was saying that mining of any kind is a reasonable job sector for a developed economy . 
  pragmatically speaking , at least for the countries where silicon is being produced and other mining takes place it 's an economic step up from nothing . 
  greece is a european , first world country with an educated citizenry . 
  this is like going back in time . 
  why would you advocate for this stuff, 
  it has n't because it 's irrelevant and not applied . 
  you can be as de-facto blasphemous as you want in any european country ( with the exception of hate speech which is a different discussion ) . 
  nobody 's sending the inquisition after you just because an old law is still on the books . 
  you do n't really believe that anybody in the saudi regime believes in witchcraft , right ? 
  this is spectactle and does n't contradict anything i just said and is n't even related to my post . 
  yes , they 're violent and oppressive , we all know that if you think beheadings are somehow sufficient to establish religious motivations i recommend you to brush up on your french history, 
  in most countries they 're a cultural relic with no relevance in lawmaking . 
  this is about as strong of an argument as calling north korea democratic because it says so in the name, 
  might be true but that still does n't give us reason to support them now on their revenge trip . 
  i 'm primarily arguing on behalf of our own interest which is not to prop up iran in the region, 
  a member of the appalachian people , ms. may likes to be accompanied by a diverse set of advisers, 
  france produces good bureaucrats , we should have more of them running the eu . 
  i love that the man rejects these idiotic `` soft '' and `` hard '' labels that do n't actually mean anything . 
  meh , the saudis are secular rich monarchs in medieval cosplay , iran is an actual theocracy . 
  this wahhabism meme is just like trump 's version of ` the cyber ' some vague word that sounds dangerous . 
  if you think the house of saud is particularly well liked among islamist terrorists you 're in for a surprise in fact if you look at the consequences of the iranian revolution , including stuff like the grand mosque seizure you 'll notice a pattern of extremists regularly trying to overthrow the regime , often supported by countries like iran , hence the rivalry . 
  much of the western animosity within the middle-east is a response of anti-american sentiment often driven by iran , against the gulf states who are generally perceived as ` traitors ' and western allies by extremists themselves and on the issue of wahhabism , while it 's true that saudi citizens are funding it and that it makes integration problematic , extremism is not automatically terrorism . 
  the geopolitical agenda against the united states/the west is much more potent than religious zeal alone . 
  what have salaries to do with the aptitude of people to hold political office ? 
  and who the fuck sources something with a fucking forbes blog . 
  see that is the kind of uneducated drivel that i expected out of this conversation . 
  and no i 'm not a post-modernist and no this is also not a random smear word you picked up on some other blog . 
  yes , i agree we should not take their opinion into account and we should not infer our action from whatever it is terrorists personally believe . 
  we should simply create laws based on what we think is the best way to respond to terrorism . 
  that 's what i 've been saying . 
  there is no scientific consensus of cognitive ability because we do n't even have any way to measure it reliably , the concept of [ race itself is unscientific and disregarded ] ( https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/race-is-a-social-construct-scientists-argue/ ) , and it 's is entirely academic and irrelevant in the context of politics , because arcane iq tests do n't correspond to political aptitude in any meaningful way . 
  that 's why i 'm not responding to you , because i know it 's a waste of time . 
  it 's irrelevant what they believe . 
  most soldiers are generally not aware of the broader political or strategic implications of their action , that does n't mean that they are n't effective at carrying them out . 
  the personal motivations are secondary in regards to evaluating how terrorism pertains to our society . 
  you do n't start floating just because you do n't believe in gravity . 
  terrorists or anybody else can be guided by beliefs without being consciously aware of them . 
  destabilizing countries politically is one of the primary goals of terrorist activity .
