  the french obsession with equalizing everything is hurting these people , it only pushes them farther away from the rest of society . 
  the relationship between climate change and its effects is n't necessarily linear . 
  the relationship between climate change and its effects is n't necessarily linear . 
   guess what a government would do ? 
  throw the book at you to do what it wants . 
  well they can do that . 
  if they go the legal way fine , but no court here will allow unjustified surveillance if they have to do so in public . 
  i also do n't understand why the turkish guy who runs the vegetable store next door is supposed to particpate in some random fucking march , i sure as hell do n't demand it of him . 
  why the hell should innocent people go on some kind of apology tour , what is this ` guilt by associated deity ' ? 
  i 've been there twice last year and a few years before that , i think a lot more people where opening small stores and there 's even a few startups that have been moving there because it 's cheap . 
  that 's one good thing about it actually , the fact that people are so disenfranchised makes them less risk averse and they 'll just open a business because what have they got to lose anyway if they ca n't get into the labour market ? 
  if the government could be more supportive of this i think they 've got a good shot . 
  segregation is really bad in france , a friend of mine works as a teacher in seine-saint-denis , which is one of the neighbourhoods in paris that is not in a good spot ( but has improved somewhat recently ) . 
  a big problem i saw there was that people do n't have any upward or outward mobility , it 's like a microcosm you ca n't get out of . 
  i feel the very entrenched french labour market is one of the reasons for this , both the professional university class as well as the very entrenched labour unions ( ironically ) offer little chances for someone who is in the bottom 10 % or 20 % . 
  this is one of the reasons i hope that macron can move some things . 
  i have read it more than once , i do n't understand it . 
  money makes you smarter , the poorest boroughs have raining money on them , teachers are rich and it does nothing ? 
  the fuck does that even mean, 
   buying a solar panel for your house to provide hot water is consumption . 
  or going to the theatre . 
  buying a solar panel is an investment , not consumption . 
  you forego consumption to invest into a product that you expect to provide you with a return ( in this case lower energy cost ) in the future . 
  a theatre visit is consumption , you do n't expect any return or productivity growth out of it . 
  the solar panel produces long term growth , the theatre visit does n't . 
  it should be intuitively clear that you can not produce economic growth simply by consuming a lot of things . 
  sure i agree , something is n't right because it 's popular , but i think it 's not warranted to make general statements about the eu because you happen to end up on the bad side of a legislation , it happens to everybody sooner or later . 
  might be a diesel car , might be a gun or something else . 
  especially if it is a political measure that is popular on a national level anyway . 
  okay , surely annoying but would you think complaining about the eu because of one legislation or calling it a `` super national state '' is justified ? 
  apparently there are only 0.7 gun owners per 100 citizens in lithuania , do you think this is something that most people in lithuania would even disagree with ? 
   i do n't agree that this is particularly helpful in protecting those groups and it would be better to prosecute them with existing laws . 
  in countries like the usa religions have recognition due to tax reasons . 
  sceintology was recognized because it fought hard to get that exemption as the irs ended up backing down in order to get them off their back . 
  that 's a us thing though , nobody here would grant any kind of garage scam religion recognition just because they want it . 
  and of course the slovakian law is bigoted , from the article  `` islamisation starts with a kebab and it 's already under way in bratislava , let 's realise what we will face in five to 10 years , '' sns chairman andrej danko told reuters after the legislation was passed . 
  the man sounds like a 4chan poster , not a politician . 
  i 'm talking about recognition to genuinely protect these people . 
   influence every part of your life . 
  please do tell me about the recent intrusive influences that the eu made in your everyday life, 
  granting certain religions status as recognised religions makes sense to have a handle on groups like scientology or other cults or to protect groups that might be discriminated or marginalised . 
  that is n't problematic in a liberal or pluralistic democracy . 
  secularism means that the state is n't run by religious institutions or leaders , not that we ca n't recognise religion . 
  if you think people have a sound perception of what corruption looks like you must have missed a few elections people love to vote for corrupt people if they 're demagogic enough, 
  you 're talking about [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqhttg9pkvq ) , right ? 
  it 's hilarious, 
  `` money makes you smarter ? '', 
  is there a ` not ' missing in that sentence , how is that supposed to be possible, 
  it 's a way to perpetuate class and race . 
  when the civil rights era was ushered in you somehow needed to find another way to mess with the african-american population , mass-incarceration is just the way to do it . 
  what 's even worse about the schools is that they 're funded through local property taxes , which means that richer regions get rich schools and poor regions get poor schools . 
  which is just about the worst possible feedback loop that exists . 
  that all muslims should be deported , , was a different guy though the other one deleted his acc too always the same fuckers , wo n't even stand for their crap with a pseudonym, 
  yeah how about no . . we 're not going to let our politics be dictated by this pond scum and the european voters have rejected it multiple times now . 
  do n't underestimate the european voters , there 's a solid defense against demagogues in every european country, 
  what do you suggest , a fine in reddit gold and a hearing in snoo court ? 
  this is the only tool the mods have to handle the discussion, 
  illegals are * not * the topic of this thread , can you read ? 
  this is not a thread about immigration , does this compute with you ? 
  do i need to spell it backwards ? 
  e : yes go ahead and delete your account, 
  nobody was talking about ` illegals ' he was responding to someone just commenting on the article , namely citizens praying your whole post history is literally racist shit about white superiority , get the fuck out, 
  at the end of his reign kohl was involved in a high profile donation scandal involving arms dealers and illicit money . 
  merkel initially told him privately that she would have his back , but very soon published a column in the faz ( established newspaper ) in which she suggested that the party needs to emancipate themselves from kohl . 
  this basically threw him under the bus and kickstarted merkel 's rise in the party . 
  merkel also new that kohl 's wife was suffering from mental illness , and a few months ago one of kohl 's sons suggested that merkel 's ` betrayal ' to the family for political gain was one of the reasons for her suicide . 
  [ here is a great but very long summary of merkel 's career ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2014/12/01/quiet-german ) , this is an excerpt of what kohl had to say about it later . 
   in november , 1999 , the c.d.u. 
  was engulfed by a campaign-finance scandal , with charges of undisclosed cash donations and secret bank accounts . 
  kohl and his successor as party chairman , wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , were both implicated , but kohl was so revered that nobody in the party dared to criticize him . 
  merkel , who had risen to secretary-general after the c.d.u. 's electoral defeat , saw opportunity . 
  she telephoned karl feldmeyer . 
  `` i would like to give some comments to you in your newspaper , '' she said . 
  `` do you know what you want to say ? '' feldmeyer asked . 
  `` i 've written it down . '' feldmeyer suggested that , instead of doing an interview , she publish an opinion piece . 
  five minutes later , a fax came through , and feldmeyer read it with astonishment . 
  merkel , a relatively new figure in the c.d.u. , was calling for the party to break with its longtime leader . 
  `` the party must learn to walk now and dare to engage in future battles with its political opponents without its old warhorse , as kohl has often enjoyed calling himself , '' merkel wrote . 
  `` we who now have responsibility for the party , and not so much helmut kohl , will decide how to approach the new era . '' she published the piece without warning the tainted sch\u00e4uble , the party chairman . 
  in a gesture that mixed protestant righteousness with ruthlessness , kohl 's m\u00e4dchen was cutting herself off from her political father and gambling her career in a naked bid to supplant him . 
  she succeeded . 
  within a few months , merkel had been elected party chairman . 
  kohl receded into history . 
  `` she put the knife in his back -- and turned it twice , '' feldmeyer said . 
  that was the moment when many germans first became aware of angela merkel . 
  years later , michael naumann sat next to kohl at a dinner , and asked him , `` herr kohl , what exactly does she want ? '' `` power , '' kohl said , tersely . 
  he told another friend that championing young merkel had been the biggest mistake of his life . 
  `` i brought my killer , '' kohl said . 
  `` i put the snake on my arm . '', 
  he just called for quasi ethnic cleansing . 
  that 's not an opinion , that 's a crime you racist piece of crap, 
  building high is desperately needed to keep cost down , sadly too many cities have a huge boner for urban sprawl in europe it 's also more energy efficient , easier to lay down infrastructure , public transportation and so forth . 
  and as you said it can actually look nice . 
  one has to admit that the soviets where not up to the task as far as marketing and packaging was concerned, 
  how is this shit upvoted are you fucking kidding me . 
  this subreddit is such a sad place, 
  yup i went to a catholic private school and we had these cross religious events with jews and muslims on occasion both in mosques and churches , it 's pretty nice, 
  they will be such a european role model that we will be forced to adopt the australian dollar , and one day we will wake up and all be australian , which i welcome . 
  a great future awaits the euro-australian empire, 
  it will probably take some time .
