  sanders was the example of a surge of collectivist leftist positions but this has no real majority in the us . 
  and for that simple reason the afd will never govern in this country . 
  no german party or european party comes close to american republicans . 
  universal healthcare , maternal leave and so on are all given , as are abortion rights , recognition of climate change , secular society and so on . 
   the fdp are all for gay rights ( they are liberals ) but still have to toe the cdu 's conservative line when they were in coalition . 
  yes , mixing fiscally and socially liberal/conservative positions exists in the us dems too , they have a caucus within the party called the blue dogs . 
  strengthening freedom and individual responsibility is consensus of american politics , both parties are liberal in the broad sense . 
  and obama has repeated statements about individual freedom and self-governance about a million times over the last few years . 
  in this case not really , the fdp is actually pretty close ideologically to the american dems . 
  but you do n't need to see it as an endorsement of mass murder , right ? 
  it 's just a soviet building . 
  you can see it as a symbol of soviet advancements of science or whatever and at the same time be aware of soviet crimes , those things can coexist . 
  there 's no need to ` disown ' history . 
  this is important in germany too , i would be very uneasy of the idea of destroying everything nazi related which seems more like ignoring than dealing with it to me . 
  but that 's not particularly chinese , is it ? 
  that 's what happens when a very , very small country relies on funding from a very , very big country . 
  i don ' think the chinese have invented the idea of a loan or using economic funding as a way to gain leverage i do n't want to shock you but we europeans and americans do this too , i 'm pretty sure the greek government knows perfectly well that china is not running a charity . 
  what you do is balance the pros and cons in such a situation but there 's no reason to be scared of chinese investment in principle . 
  as long as you do n't fund literally everything with it you 're probably going to be okay, 
  sure the soviets build the thing but ... stalin is dead and i 'm not convinced that he haunts the building i get the controversial situation of soviet and polish history but let 's be a little sober about it , the soviets did build some things and have especially impact on the scientific and cultural history of poland , not only in destructive ways . 
  you 'll have too help me out here because i know absolutely nothing abut sri lanka . 
  what 's wrong with it and how are the chinese involved ? 
  i actually think the building looks neat , what 's so bad about it . 
  modern architecture is nice and since they 've built more skyscrapers in the city it does n't look out of place any more, 
  honestly the talk of `` chinese hooks '' is a little ridiculous . 
  it 's not like every chinese business investment is done by some kind of malicious evil entity . 
  it has similar up and downsides that every foreign investment has but there is no need for a kind of red scare . 
  yes , a substantial portion of our export surplus is non-eu based , which many people in the ` balance your budget ' discussion seem to neglect . 
  yes , empires are pretty much anti-nationalist , too . 
  the uk being one such example , the nationalisms are usually scottish or english , not british . 
  there is a huge difference between patriotism and nationalism . 
  nationalism is dependent on some kind of religion-like myth of the nation , it exists within a certain set of clearly defined borders , enforces cultural conformity and so on . 
  patriotism for example does n't care about borders at all . 
  see the usa for example . 
  the country never really had borders to begin with and nobody gave a fuck , it 's not what defines the people . 
  same for russia . 
  shocking headline , there are more italians in the united states than canadians . 
  is the future of america at stake here and will your children be able to enjoy poutine or will pizza be a mandatory dish ? 
  seriously what the fuck is that headline . 
  is this sub upvoting asinine right-wing rags again or is that a legitimate publication, 
   what , lowering corporate tax or increasing it ? 
  because increasing it seems to be the more popular choice . 
  increasing them is hugely popular but ineffective . 
   you know what ? 
  i want a list like that for all professions , just to see how glaring the disconnect is between expert opinion , public opinion and politics . 
  krugman said once that there is an inverse murphy 's law for economists . 
  they get all the attention on issues they know nothing about , and are simply ignored when they all agree . 
  this seems to be the fate of many experts . 
  small classrooms is another one . 
  many education researchers are skeptical whether they are at all cost effective , yet everybody campaigns on making classrooms smaller . 
  well given reddit 's upvote momentum popular opinions tend to take over threads , and this is one of these ineffective measures that is hugely popular . 
  rent caps is another one . 
  virtually all economists oppose it , every politician loves it . 
  the workers do n't even want to own the means of production . 
  it 's pretty rich to accuse me of elitism and then ignore the democratic decisions of the voters themselves , who by and large reject socialist talking points , even in a country like france where it still is represented by a loud minority instead of being dead , like everywhere else . 
  there is no ` working class ' any more , people want to make individual decisions . 
  they do n't want ideological warfare , they want consensus and good governance . 
  do you know why the youth in germany is rather happy and the right-wingers sit at < 10 % ? 
  because we do n't play political ping pong every four years . 
  we create centrist policies that 80 % + of the population can live with and we do n't rile up the private sector and the public sector but aim for mutually beneficial outcomes . 
  this class warfare talk is obsolete and nobody believes it any more , including a large portion of the french voterbase , commies aside . 
  people are tired of antagonisms , party politics and want someone who governs pragmatically . 
  that is why macron won , the french public is for the most part tired of ideological warfare and luckily rejected the nativist and racist alternative . 
  and of course there are universal goals , i 'm not going down that rabbit hole of relativism . 
  public welfare , prosperity , employment and so on are goals that people universally share and that you can objectively work towards . 
  and creating policies that ensure cooperation between private and public sector are necessary in france too . 
   not literally distributing the various parts of government across vast distances , since that only results in slower and more inefficient decision-making . 
  we should simply elect martin schulz , he 'll put everything on high speed maglev trains . 
  the buildings , the people , does n't matter . 
  there will be no brakes . 
  what makes you thing that this is an issue that can be ` solved ' ? 
  in the sense that anybody else has actually some kind of panacea to offer ? 
  this question baffles me honestly . 
  it 's like asking `` how do we solve unhappiness ? '', 
  the question is how do we move forward and improve the conditions , everything else is fiction . 
  macron , in contrast to the extremists , actually offers incremental progress . 
  measures to reduce unemployment , to move france towards a more digital , connected global economy and with this political decision to get some new eyes into the parliament who hopefully can represent their electorates more genuinely . 
  that 's amazing . 
  i was very fortunate to meet villani as a student and he is what made me decide to chose math in uni , kind of my childhood hero lol . 
  i 'm very impressed with these decisions by macron . 
  the one thing that germans seem to be hardwired to hate is any kind of moral hazard.this decentralism is n't really principled , people just do n't want shared responsibilities without shared control . 
  so in other words , if you want eurobonds you also need a political union to create common policy . 
  this of course would mean a real loss of sovereignty for everybody involved , which is something that people like macron need to admit when they want more integration . 
  the general german perspective , for example in the case of greece was that the country gained rapid access to capital and increased living standards through the currency while national politicians where unable to handle that influx of resources responsibly , leading to the mess they are now in . 
  whether that is the correct view or not , that 's the kind of thing that drives resentment in germany . 
  referendums in a nutshell , you can literally win both sides if you just frame the question a little differently . 
  it 's democracy on adhd, 
  i 'll take it as a compliment . 
  also in contrast to the us you ca n't win a european election with frog memes so their future looks grim . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to tell me . 
  of course there have been errors , mistakes , or negligence when it comes to protecting vulnerable populations in dangerous regions , it 's not exactly an easy task . 
  nonetheless it is correct . 
  genocide or murder is not a right any state can exercise , and the international community should never tolerate it . 
  yeah when minorities suddenly start to vanish and are threatened to be killed , in this case systematically even this stops being `` russia 's problem '' . 
  then in fact ` the world ' has an obligation to act . 
  even if we assume for a second that this narrative is true , do n't you think that getting 500 million people 90 % of what you 'd like to see is preferable to having a perfect solution in just one country while everybody else can suck it ? 
  yeah sure the european union might be more plagued by lobbyism than some small progressive heaven and in this case harmonization might suck for you , but that 's a little myopic is n't it ? 
  what if the next eu regulation actually happens to lift you up because it happened to affect an area where your national regulation sucked ? 
  [ larry wall , is it you ] ( http://www.wall.org/~larry/ ) oh , do n't open that link without sunglasses, 
  together with the porn ban it really does feel like lawmaking out of wilde 's times .
