  i was n't even born during reunification . 
  it 's time for political normalisation . 
  it 's not the ideological legacy , i just think that most of * die linke 's * policy positions are terrible . 
  nato leave talk , direct democracy , provincialism and the occasional nationalism and so on . 
  i understand that this would most likely not happen if they 'd enter as a coalition partner , but i ca n't say that i enjoy enabling it either way . 
  and you 're also right , the fdp is much more liberal in the classic sense than the european counterparts and they lack the social liberal wing , but i do n't think they 'll survive in that form . 
  there is no demand for this any more and the little that is left has become part of the cdu . 
  so i guess i 'll just have to sit it out until fdp and greens become stronger again . 
  intelligence wise and politically the uk was also a gateway to europe for the united states and the rest of the anglosphere , which was a good strategic position to be in . 
  why anybody would give this away voluntarily i do not understand, 
  yes , but nobody wants econ policies from the 60 's and 70 's . 
  i 'm a spd member and i 'd prefer black/green to r2g . 
  i 'd honestly wish the fdp and greens could attract more voter share to make spd/greens/fdp possible . 
  i 'm just talking about switzerland , which was the topic of the comment above me . 
  and i 've been to poorer european countries , i know that living can be quite expensive there too , did you respond to the wrong person ? 
  also even easier as the german word is * zeit *, 
  the living cost in the cities is quite crazy even if you account for the higher income . 
  the worst thing is that i do n't even oppose those values in principle , but these people blasted so much damn political capital on nonsense . 
  and while everybody on the right falls in line they all start to whine about the dnc . 
  as if they had that luxury . 
  gender toilets are n't more important than 3 scotus seats . 
  it 's fucking crazy . 
  as if politics is just a hobby and they do n't care about the outcome at all . 
  this idealistic stuff on the left is everywhere . 
  rip iain banks , great books . 
  well i 'm not going to be the personal judge of that but it 's been repeatedly used maliciously anyway . 
  ` stranger danger ' also played with these resentments , it 's to me very obvious that there is a implicit and often explicit use of racism . 
  also it literally stands out in the language used in the refugee discussions . 
  germany `` bending over '' , the cologne assault events being used over and over and so on . 
  i 'll bet good money that we 'll get gay marriage with the cdu in that time frame , the difference is that merkel waits until the afd is marginalized and vocal minority opposition has died down . 
  maybe even shortly after the election . 
  maybe the spd makes it a requirement for the next coaliation and merkel can play it like `` well we had to make a concession . . '' and she gets it for free without paying any political capital . 
  that is a smart move . 
  not this head through the wall crap that progressives in the us tried to pull . 
  take a look at the speed at which merkel has modernised the conservative party without losing any kind of popularity . 
  no , the extremist part is putting your yuppie agenda above real politics and as a consequence losing an election to a complete madman . 
  we 'll have full marriage in five years and in contrast to the us we 've not rolled back progress three decades by electing trump . 
  you bernie people are fucking nuts . 
  `` refugees have more rights than gay people '' . 
  you 're indistinguishable from trump supporters in your extremism . 
   it is . 
  democrats had lower turn out . 
  yes , * in conservative states * . 
  is this that difficult to understand ? 
  all the urban hippies that care for gay marriage turned out, 
   she has a long history opposing . 
  clintons passed doma . 
  lol , [ short term memory ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4onvxjocus4 ) everybody was opposed to gay marriage in the us for political reasons before ~ 2008-2010 it is n't clear that those same people won obama the election stayed home at all . 
  marrying refugees is actually hard because you might have to proof that you 're not marrying for the legal status to stay , and it 's hard to get all the required paperwork . 
  and gay people can actually marry in germany , it 's called a civil union . 
  the only thing that lacks is the adoption right . 
  hillary is n't opposed to gay marriage . 
  she lost in the rustbelt and florida and won the cities clearer than obama , and those rustbelt voters did not have gay marriage on their agenda . 
  american elections are n't won by progressives but in swing states . 
  taking the foot of the social progressive agenda could have swayed some crucial conservative dems over . 
  gay marriage in the uk is n't really controversial . 
  you are aware that refugees lack basic rights like voting , freedom of movement and so on ? 
  our list of rights is longer than the right to marry . 
  and no , gay people are not `` second class citizens '' in this country . 
  apart from completely missing the point of my post , gay german citizens have quite a lot of more rights than any refugee . 
  it really is racist , it plays on the stereotype of having your wife ` defiled ' by foreign men etc , just consult your favourite porn site and take a look at the ethnicity of the actors . 
  this is not a new stereotype by the way . 
  the trope of the ` sexually superior black man ' is as old as mankind . 
  because you pushed it through with a razor thin margin and now you 've got the conservative restauration movement in full-swing . 
  that 's the problem , slow and steady wins the race as far as social progress is concerned, 
  depending on how volatile your political spectrum is it might not be wise to waste political capital on an issue like this . 
  i doubt that merkel will open this can of worms half a year before an election , given that she 's running the conservative party . 
  hate to dig up the us election as an example but obama had no real feeling for this . 
  he hammered through way too many issues . 
  i 'm all for social progressive values but you need to be able to afford them politically . 
  gay marriage in germany is a rather minor issue given that civil unions have almost equal rights , but it 's an important symbolic issue . 
  alienating conservative voters over it is n't worth it . 
  how is he even a left-winger . 
  he just seems like a liberal , civil guy . 
  i 'm pretty sure he talks about popper a lot . 
  that 's not exactly socialist material . 
  the best part is i do n't understand the fucking conspiracy . 
  so soros is using his own money to bring a cosmopolitan high quality education into a second world country , which will probably produce well educated , connected and high earning professionals ? 
  like ... what am i supposed to be upset about ? 
  they need to be less skeptical of immigration . 
  they need fresh blood . 
  most of these regions , in eastern germany too , are over-aged . 
  it does n't even need to be phd candidates . 
  simple manual labour and trade is often more secure than much white collar work nowadays . 
  they need to ditch nostalgia for old jobs that are n't coming back . 
  coal is dead , heavy industry is dead . 
  they need to be willing to accept education that is being offered to them and they need to be retrained . 
  they need to fix practical issues like drug abuse , teenage pregnancies and so on . 
  they need to vote for people who do n't demolish the welfare state and builds infrastructure . 
  when they do those things the private sector will come , the land is often cheap , talent can be created and they have the opportunities but only if they start taking responsibility . 
  the resentful victim role that they 've adopted over the recent years is just destructive . 
  sure , but what has westminster actually done to mess with these people , pollitical autonomy or not . 
  let 's say we grant them full autonomy , what are they going to do ? 
  probably elect even crazier people , see us red states . 
  their solution to their decay was electing nationalist capitalists who toy with the idea of turning the uk into a global tax haven . 
  is that going to help them or london ? 
  what exactly has westminster done to ruin them ? 
  there has been no centralisation policy in the united kingdom , it 's not the soviet union . 
  these regions are responsible for their own situation .
