  no we need to stop with the fucking indifferent attitude . 
  assad is genocidal , he needs to go . 
  the guy has probably killed over a 100k of his own citizens for god 's sake . 
  this has long passed the point where intervention is actually justified . 
  how often will he be allowed to throw chemical weapons at his own civil population ? 
  https://www.kfw.de/pdf/download-center/konzernthemen/research/pdf-dokumente-kfw-konjunkturkompass/pdf-dokumente-kfw-konjunkturkompass-en/kfw-konjunkturkompass_2016-02_en.pdf here 's the real growth rate , inflation adjusted, 
  yes real growth in germany was about 1 - 2 % over the recent years . 
  not great but far better than the stagnation we 've seen in many countries, 
  pensions were moderately increased , as was child support and the economy is at full employment . 
  gov spending has stayed roughly at the same level for years, 
  i 'm a spd voter and not a conservative , but redistribution fights , especially heavy on rhetoric instead of concrete plans have a bad rep in germany . 
  you do n't win elections with it . 
  schulz needs to develop more proactive policies that solve the labour market problems for low educated people , not just put a bandaid on . 
  stop being so facetious . 
  the poor are being screwed everywhere , it 's a structural problem of the global economy . 
  even if you enact nice sounding social measures it does n't matter if you do n't produce any results . 
  trying to roll back some hartz reforms is like trying solve climate change by taping over a car exhaust . 
  at least merkel is honest about this instead of throwing slogans around . 
  that is why people vote for her . 
  she does not make promises she can not keep . 
  martin schulz is not going to win on that platform , i 'm willing to bet money on it . 
  this kind of populism does not work in germany . 
  and no , the economy grows for everyone . 
  nominal wages are not the only relevant measure . 
  the high employment supports the pension system , the general welfare and every form of public utility . 
  this is a question of opportunity costs , not absolutes . 
  a low paid job is still better than unemployment . 
  both for financial and social reasons . 
  because you do n't just need to figure out that the poor keep getting poorer , you need a solution too and that is a significantly harder task than just pointing out the problem . 
  people see that inequality is rising , but they also see that the economy is still growing , and nobody is willing to roll back reforms just to see the economy stagnate . 
  we can observe that in france and had the situation in the early 2000 's . 
  melenchon wants to nationalise a lot of stuff and poutou and the trotsky woman are anti-capitalists / communists so yeah pretty close, 
  well i personally think that it 's pretty nuts too but at least it 's objectively radical , because it 'd kind of blow the western security framework apart, 
  i actually landed around poutou although i 'd personally vote for hamon if i could this thing is not inaccurate though , with the exception of macron ( who seems somewhat misplaced ) all those candidates objectively are left and far-left candidates, 
  he 's right though to point out that churchill was a pretty sick bastard and that the british empire has a similar body count , yet every time someone points this out everybody is outraged this general theme happens in every related discussion . 
  when communism kills someone communism gets the blame . 
  when a few million kids get born with brain damage every year because they ca n't afford table salt we do n't talk how that is related to capitalism . 
  that capitalism seems to fuck over everybody else instead of the practicing country does n't necessarily make it much more ethical in my book, 
  evolutionary processes are descriptive , not prescriptive, 
  i do n't really think that the republican party in its current form has much to do with the reagan and h.w bush gop . 
  the strong anti-immigrant sentiment alone i think makes it hard to believe that they 'd possible switch right now . 
  that map does n't seem accurate any more for several states . 
  well the defining feature of maoism and stalinism was * socialism in one country * ( and in the case of maoism even an alliance with the ` national bourgeoisie ' ) so yeah that 's what i 'm criticizing, 
  that people who might have been married as children and now actually want to stay together might be split up during the process ( if they come here as refugees ) , the woman might lose property she is entitled to if that is part of the original arrangement between the families and so on . 
  so basically practical stuff that happens to benefit the individuals , which is why a lot of legal experts recommended a case-by-case decision rather than a blanket rule against ` child marriage ' , which is largely driven by some emotional response to the situation . 
  obviously nobody making these arguments is * in principle * in favour of forcing children into marriage . 
  the case of a different trump campaign with a different voting system can be made in some states , but not ny or california . 
  those are going to stay democratic until hell freezes over . 
  wtf is `` islamoskepticism '' . 
  you 're free to be skeptical about islam all day long . 
  religious neutrality and religious freedom on the other hand are constitutional principles in pretty much every decent democracy . 
  i actually think these two are really refreshing compared to melenchon 's nationalist style socialism that he seems to be pushing . 
  i honestly hope at some point we 're going to see a truly internationalist left-wing movement , or at least one that does n't fall back to the regionalism that many current left-wing movements flirt with . 
  germany 's gdp per capita is 12.000 dollars higher than italy 's and what has this shit to do with child spanking . 
  is this what italian nationalism looks like lmao the countries topping the list in these categories are asian and eastern european . 
  highly traditionalist countries in which corporal punishment is widespread . 
  yeah the shitty logic does n't check out . 
   i feel like a few thousand years of domestic education are more of an historical fact and even a serial statistical occurrence . 
  but what would yous know . 
  the same thousand years during which women could n't vote and we kept people as property ? 
  what kind of shit-tier argument is this we 've been violent martial barbarians for 99 % of our history . 
  we 've more or less successfully emancipated ourselves from it over the last few decades . 
  this is just another useless relic that 's going to go away , and we 'll be better off for it . 
  oh and also suicide rates and alcoholism are not especially prevalent in germany . 
  it 's overly reductive to reduce behaviour to parenting given that socialisation is much bigger . 
  especially in any modern setting where people are exposed to information and other children / adults / groups 90 % of their day . 
  and of course correcting behaviour can be achieved entirely without resorting to physical punishment . 
  if your kid throws 200 bucks out of the window have them pay it back or send them get a job . 
  nowhere does corporal punishment enter the equation here . 
  if we 're talking about a really small child pay better attention to your credit card , it 's also a parent 's job to keep inappropriate things out of their reach in the first place . 
  you actually can talk to a four year old . 
  again , this is illegal here and essentially nobody does it . 
  you do understand that we 've raised a whole generation of children without spanking them right ? 
  this is not theoretical , we literally do n't spank our children any more . 
  and other countries have stopped doing it for a longer time . 
  stop acting like your anecdotes are worth a dime . 
  it 's an archaic tradition used by unqualified parents . 
  ... or he is simply a jerk , not exactly unheard of . 
  there is actually rather unambiguous evidence that spanking produces negative behaviour in children ( [ see for example here ] ( https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/what-science-says-and-doesn-t-about-spanking/ ) ) the facts on the issue aside , i consider it straight up immoral . 
  parents are the one safe haven that children have . 
  and to use that position of trust to coerce through physical violence is incredibly abusive . 
  i think the other guy was giving the benefit of the doubt to the russian people , who believes that this is good propaganda , it 's cringy as fuck if he wants to be a super cool autocrat he should start copying [ the italians ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fykhdgi.jpg ) , whatever he is doing is more like a poor man 's version of a dictatorship how did we go from ezra pound to [ this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vprfp_teq-g ), 
  that applies to literally every sector . 
  administrators , dog groomers and firemen also buy groceries . 
  nothing special about the habits of coal miners nobody wants these people to just sit around , they want them to be retrained . 
  hillary was actually very vocal on bringing vocational training opportunities to these regions . 
  ( which arguably makes much more sense for them than bernie 's free college plan ) anybody who cared to look actually saw that she had pages on investment and restructuring of the rural economy . 
  she basically was the only candidate with a pragmatic plan that took regional peculiarities into account . 
  corporal punishment at home is freaking medieval too . 
  ( and outlawed in a lot of eu countries ) . 
  if someone has to threaten kids physically to assert authority they should probably get another job, 
   and yet , simply because he is pro-moscow now , he is allowed to do as he pleases . 
  hunting gays , forcing girls to marry his cronies ... etc likewise putin is willing to embrace the historical importance of islam and orthodox christianity in the country , is very well liked in the north caucus region and does it because of the traditionalist , historical empire that he is trying to rebuild . 
  these internal contradictions in modern autocracies are just laughable at this point . 
  it 's like isis advertising their medieval kingdom on twitter and youtube . 
  if there is anything that is typical of modern extremism and radicalism it is the amount of conflicting positions combined in them . 
  trump 's old school industrialism , nationalism combined with the complete deregulation of everything is another example . 
   electoral cooperation between centre-left and the far-left is standard in almost all of europe . 
  why should east germany continue to have such a political legacy on us ?
