  that 's bread and butter of any software engineering and actually a valid technical job . 
  and the really sharp fall , in that graph in the 80s , was definitely a time where just typing programs from paper into a computer had virtually gone extinct as an occupation . 
  you think i 've never read a wikipedia article on coal ? 
  i know that , but it 's irrelevant . 
  manual jobs that go to china are n't coming back either . 
  they 're gone . 
  nobody 's talking about bringing sweatshops back to europe . 
  i do n't think it 's counter-intuitive . 
  western liberalism is very good at putting a thin veneer of egalitarianism over a huge pile of reactionary crap . 
  that we 've formally acknowledged equal rights does n't mean that we 've fixed cultural issues . 
  we still treat little girls like barbies , every actress is in some half-nude modeling calendar , advertisement is clearly amplifying this stuff too . 
  in many communist or even middle-eastern countries this is different . 
  they 'll just send girls to the army or to the tech schools because they need engineers . 
  just look at israel or iran . 
  they 're not liberal in our sense and sometimes even discriminate legally against women , but they do n't treat them like infants . 
  it 's kind of hilarious . 
  in a country like iran they 'll say `` wear your headscarf and we 'll leave you alone '' . 
  here it 's the other way around . 
  you do n't need to wear the headscarf but you 're bombarded with the same cultural kitsch 24/7 . 
  the latter is arguably worse for female emancipation than the former . 
  little kids do n't choose anything , they play with the toys you give them , that 's called raising a child . 
  women for example were very present in computer science and maths of the 50s/60s/70s , the rate started to drastically fall when home computers were heavily advertised towards boys . 
  great npr article on the topic . 
  http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2014/10/21/357629765/when-women-stopped-coding i do n't know if we 've simply gotten too rich but we 've started to infantilise our populations in the 80s onwards with shitty ads , and the gender problem is one area where it is showing . 
  i do n't think anybody is making fun of them . 
  `` muh coal job '' was probably aimed at the incessant and stubborn effort by both coal workers and companies to keep their failing industry intact . 
  it 's not just that they wo n't retrain , in many countries they actively lobby against environmental regulation , have political backup like in poland where they 're even culturally elevated above all else and so on . 
  they 're not going to the unemployment line , they want to keep their jobs at the expense of everybody else . 
  the trump campaign actively used this image of the heroic industrial worker too , and here in germany they 're also very well organised politically . 
  i 'm torn between this and peter thiel 's newest idea to regenerate himself with the blood of young people, 
  i do n't really understand why people always start to protect them as if they are children . 
  do we protect the elevator operators , too ? 
  any white collar worker who was a victim of excel ? 
  technology is one of the few things that we ca n't really turn backwards once we 've progressed , coal workers need to accept it too and retrain . 
  they 're not the first or last people this has happened to in human history . 
  the most uk-ish problem ever lol . 
  although that does n't exactly sound like a huge dip in production . 
  i 've got no idea what 's going on but that 's intense, 
  this whole postmodern relativism a la `` everybody can build their own truth '' is maybe the central tenet of far-right politics nowadays ( ironically stolen from french left-wingers ) [ just listen to dugin , he 's the perfect embodiment of this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggunrkwtwbs ), 
  we are all merkel on this blessed day, 
  chomsky also spend a solid part of his time downplaying the violence of the khmer rouge so he might not be the best person to cite on issues of left-wing politics . 
  he 's simply caught up in old school 70 's `` anti-imperialist '' left-wing rhetoric and would support a broom with a wig if it would complain about american foreign politics . 
  instead of chasing after half a century old social welfare policies chomsky , m\u00e9lenchon and so on should work on left-wing politics that actually has a future . 
  hamon is the better alternative for anybody on the left . 
   when you sell and deliver hype , it 's quite easy for some of your consumers to overdose on it . 
  tesla sells about what , 40k cars a quarter ? 
  their market capitalisation is absolutely ridiculous . 
  the hype around tesla is a religious cult . 
  this is typical of almost all musk businesses by the way . 
  he puts an old technology ( electric motor , solar cell etc , hyper loop ) in a new kind of fashionable context , draws in significant amounts of public funds and then hypes it up . 
  it 's kind of ridiculous really . 
  i 'll admit that the reusable rocket is a great step forward , but everything else is just really a lot of theatrics . 
  yeah it might surprise you but angela merkel is n't actually causing civil wars , we 're trying to patch the people up that are running away from them . 
  and yeah there 's a lot to complain about , but everybody who is here has n't drowned in the middle of some ocean , so that counts for something . 
  and yeah people would have come anyway , even without ` open door ' policies or whatever . 
  wait till climate change really hits , these movements will be nothing . 
  you ca n't just view it from the right-wing part of her base . 
  i 'd place myself on the centre-left and i really do admire her position in the refugee crisis , and so do many people on the centre and left side of the political spectrum . 
  it takes some guts and leadership to act against the immediate interests of your party or popular opinion . 
  exactly , pushing social issues through with the hammer is really , really bad . 
  this stuff will come it 'll just take them . 
  merkel is smart , she let 's this social stuff wither away rather than to confront it head on . 
  germany is a little rusty on the legal front but there 's basically no violent or strong outburst against homosexuals . 
  a country like the us has forced through more formal equality but what does this help you in some kind of ass backwards neighborhood, 
  well by that logic you can get rid of any formal marriage together and at least be consistent , because that creates an absolute crap-ton of legal problems too . 
  people are right to put the finger on this . 
  if consensual adult relationships are the basis for marriage , then the self-determination among polygamous people makes for a very strong argument . 
  the opposition is just as culturally motivated as the initial opposition to homosexuality was . 
  come on , you do n't really believe that this boils down to legal matters , polygamy is simply a taboo, 
  it 's weirdly accurate , too, 
  it 's obvious , they 're lazy , productive , highly motivated , and unproductive at the same time !, 
  i see no problem with this logic, 
   the thing is , some people think that by impure blood it means the blood of our adversaries who are foreigners . 
  the relevant question is if the fn supporters believe this when they are chanting it , if they do it 's not misleading for wapo to use this . 
  are you really thinking fn supporters are demonstrating against the aristocracy here ? 
  i do n't think anybody wants to rush this , but the potential is huge . 
  and obviously we can bring bargaining power into negotiations , we do n't need to buckle to china . 
  but it is an interesting option for several reasons . 
  the pesky anglo-saxons are turning increasingly unreliable domestically and china seems to be a weirdly , predictable country . 
  they 'll probably increase reciprocity the more they develop , because then they start to gain from opening up . 
  that 's already happening basically . 
  they 're also a giant consumer of european goods , in contrast to the us where they sell badly because everybody wants to drive a fucking tank as a car also if we can reign in russia and turkey in the process they 'll maybe stop to be less crazy . 
  it is not a bad future orientation for europe . 
  well merkel already has proven this given that she 's a woman , a physicist and from east germany and about as charismatic as an indoor plant . 
  yet she 's been wrecking her competition for decades now . 
  in contrast to this schulz actually looks way too much like the old guard . 
  loud , bully-ish guy with a lack of formal background . 
  almost like schr\u00f6der . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'll vote for the spd based on policy but i honestly ca n't stand schulz . 
  the people vote for the afd because they present themselves in far-right `` meta-political '' fashion ( favourite term of g\u00f6tz kubitschek , brainchild behind most of the german alt-right if you can call them that ) . 
  all these lucke and petry attempts to turn the party into establishment conservatives is bound to fail , as soon as they place themselves within the context of the parliamentary democracy they 're done . 
  which is good, 
  the west / the us are the only nations that are willing to take on countries like nk or assad , china and russia would let the slaughter continue ad infinitum . 
  there 's no reason for false humility here , something like an international order with the current big players wo n't exist . 
  sending a warning sign to syria was the first reasonable thing trump has actually done . 
  we can consider ourselves lucky that the isolationists in the us do n't get what they want . 
  we 'd be living in a much more dangerous world if us hegemony ends . 
  i 'd actually want europe to step up as well to take some cost of the us , but that is a different discussion . 
  the western dominance on the world stage is a good thing .
