  ironically many of the ex-soviet regions are recovering just fine . 
  do you hear the baltics whine 24/7 ? 
  this makes about as much sense as blaming the rustbelt situation on the silicon valley . 
  what are they guilty of , being higher educated and a better place to live for the modern service sector and industry ? 
  i 'm getting a little tired of the constant rambling over `` urban values '' no matter if it 's london or some other place and the inevitable begging for help five minutes later . 
  what kind of entitled attitude is this ? 
  bitcoin transactions are not tied to the personal identities of the persons using them . 
  with some very elementary methods it is relatively easy to obfuscate who is sending money to whom even if the transaction itself is transparent . 
  this in practice makes any form of oversight incredibly difficult . 
  the last point is only relevant if bitcoin ever takes off ( which admittedly it probably wo n't ) . 
  but it 's still terrible from a theoretical viewpoint . 
  oh , and libertarians , ancaps are just annoying in general . 
  the obnoxious obession with hard currency ( bitcoin is inherently deflationary due to it 's artificial cap ) which digs into this weird gold fetish of american conservatives ( and is also terrible ) , the inability to tax ( `` taxation is theft !, 
  '' ) , the lack of a central bank and all monetary policy ( `` the government is ebil !, 
  '' ) , the total inability to monitor trade which promotes crime of all sort and so on . 
  ( especially large scale financial crime ) it 's the most ridiculous ideology anybody ever came up with . 
  it 's like hyper-capitalism combined with feudalism . 
  the bitcoin gini is proof of this , the bitcoin market is about as unequal as an african kleptocracy . 
  just purge the darn bitcoin thing , ca n't stand libertarians, 
  i wo n't be able to proof anything to you because you 're a tone deaf troll . 
  and no , the us is not hitler or ceasar or any other braindead analogy you 're trying to conjure up . 
  do n't be an obtuse idiot , people praise hitler for exactly this reason . 
  he 's a symbol of a genocidal maniac and this is a fucking neo-nazi party running through the streets with nsdap colors . 
  but sure keep telling yourself that they 're just causally prainsing hitler . 
  seriously what the fuck is happening in turkey , you 've lost your damn mind, 
  maybe the part where he talks about the * racial * nation and praises hitler and stalin ? 
  what do you think he praises them for , their fucking facial hair ? 
  the great part of democratic rule are individual rights , the state of law , due process and so on . 
  the judicial branch and the institutions are much more important than the voting . 
  it 's honestly almost a necessary evil . 
  we can see right now how damaging ` democratised ' media , flat hierarchies and so on are . 
  the only people who stand to gain increased voter turnout , referendums , direct participation and so on are extremists and reactionaries who organise outside of the systems . 
  the much promised left-wing or even just liberal populism that the internet was supposed to bring has not happened at all . 
  i 'm honestly very skeptical about varoufakis , schulz and macron-like attempts to jump on the populist wagon . 
  i do n't believe that they stand to gain from this . 
  by attacking centrist parties they 're only splintering the civil population further . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_ ( political_party ) #allegations _ of_nazism  in april 2014 , golden dawn mp ilias panagiotaros described hitler as a `` great personality , like stalin '' and denounced homosexuality as a `` sickness '' . 
  panagiotaros also described most immigrant muslims to greece as , `` jihadists ; fanatic muslims '' and claimed that he supported the concept of a one-race nation , stating , `` if you are talking about nation , it is one race '' ca n't you people google ? 
  doubtful if bernie could have tapped into trump 's asshole cynicism and any strong claim is basically impossible given that we 're talking about a whole fictional election cycle we have n't seen . 
  the republicans would have probably started to run a red scare campaign if bernie would have run which would have been entirely different . 
  also people did n't anticipate beforehand that rustbelt states would even come into play and thought that florida was a key state , and i 'd still put hillary above bernie there . 
  ironically did n't even matter in the end but hindsight is 20/20 . 
  fact is that challengers in the us tend to have the upper hand over incumbents after 8 years . 
  i 'm pretty sure the only 3 election streaks were reagan/bush and roosevelt in the last ~ 100 years or something . 
  i do n't think dems need to panic honestly , the republicans are fucking nuts and trump is a disaster . 
  i hope reality will catch up at some point . 
   if hillary was further left trump would not be president . 
  says who ? 
  how is corbyn doing in the uk ? 
  what a bunch of nonsense . 
  moving further left just alienates even more voters . 
  trump won because of an archaic voting system , a ridiculous party system that somehow makes tv trolls candidates , media circus and an obnoxiously angry voter base . 
  not much to be done about that , will just have to sit that one out . 
  there 's no reason to throw a perfectly reasonable program away ( which clinton presented ) because of a likely temporary populist surge in the population . 
  this would just be iatrogenics . 
  melenchon is without a doubt a radical . 
  if calling for a sixth republic and leaving nato + eu is n't radical i do n't know what is . 
  domestic politics too . 
  complete dismantling of nuclear energy , 32 hour work week , public banking etc. 
  none of it part of mainstream eu left programs, 
  it 's an unemployment index , not a `` badly employed '' index . 
  if you work a subsidized job you 're still working , the cutoff for the statistic is 15 hours a week . 
  again , compared to international measurements this is rather strict . 
  most of them count people as employed as soon as they obtain any work , regardless of the hours worked . 
  changes in calculation even drove the unemployment statistics up after the hartz iv reforms ( check the numbers if you do n't believe me ) , so . . sure the hartz reforms happened but it does n't invalidate any unemployment statistics . 
  there is also an additional `` under-employed '' index published by the iab which usually is about a percent higher than the unemployment statistic . 
  you ca n't really call it a hysteria if there 's some real material benefit for you . 
  even if you think that piracy ought to be punished by law , overriding family protection and 3.5 k in fines for a fucking rihanna song are a complete overstep and in no way proportionate . 
  this is n't about some abstract notion of privacy but about keeping very tangible problems out of your private life . 
  i personally use pia , no reason to complain . 
  all the european servers work fine . 
  costs about 30 $ / year . 
  [ here 's a comparison between different providers ] ( http://uk.pcmag.com/software/138/guide/the-best-vpn-services-of-2017 ) if you want to use the vpn for netflix too you might have to do some research because they 've recently started blocking vpn providers , but some might still work . 
  not really , no . 
  i do n't think a ` piracy rate ' is even a real metric that any public institution maintains . 
  also i think anonymity is a right , especially in a climate like this with business and government intrude on completely petty grounds . 
  people in other countries ought to use vpns too . 
  as long as people use vpns everywhere this does n't seem like an issue . 
  also a good reason to remind people to encrypt their mail . 
  ( senders of encrypted mail can be identified , so you 'd do everybody who has a legitimate use case a favour by participating ), 
  depends on the provider and the servers you connect to obviously , but i have n't experienced speed or connection loss on the most common ones . 
  private internet access is cheap and works fine . 
   but why is nobody talking about banks then , when this problems are discussed ? 
  because the problem is not the behaviour of the banks , but the political response . 
  in this case the public perception is correct . 
  banks are n't obligated to act nicer than they need to , they act in self-interest . 
  it 's the task of lawmakers and voters to regulate the banks in a reasonable manner . 
  not to mention that the banks are n't the only issue in this complex system , and the failure of the banks is just the most visible collapse of a system that has numerous structural problems . 
  what does that even mean , we have n't changed the methodology in ages also , german unemployment metrics are significantly harsher than international measurement . 
  the ilo ( international labour organisation ) has us at 3.9 %, 
   i 've given up hope on our copyright situation here in germany , but the rest of you still can fight this crap . 
  or simply use a vpn for like 4 $ / month, 
  when the number of old people increases people start to make decisions about a future they dont have to live in . 
  this is pretty much the biggest moral hazard imaginable . 
  why care about climate change or the debt of the youth if you 're not going to be around ? 
  a geriatric democracy is n't a democracy at all . 
  many older people do recognise this too . 
  on matters of cultural and social issues , without additional information , i 'll take the 17 year old over the 50 year old . 
  people tend to be a product of their time . 
  some older people around tend to have some really problematic attitudes towards gay people for example .
