  if you have no civil society the right to speak freely is n't going to change anything about that . 
  in fact someone like erdogan who is a staunch enemy of what we 'd consider to be civil has reached a point where he can mobilise the masses to speak on his behalf . 
  he does n't even need to control speech . 
  he already has convinced enough people to carry out his beliefs . 
  according to some quick googling 4/10 americans seem to have not read a book in the past year , this number is probably similar in the rest of the western world , and even among college aged students i know a significant number of people who do not read voluntarily at all . 
  i think these numbers for a developing country like turkey are absolutely believable . 
  the working class in germany does very well and will continue to do so , there 's no contradiction . 
  if you want a welfare state you need a working economy , you do n't get one with border obsessed protectionism , observable in any european country that practises this stuff . 
  it 's not immigration that is threatening anybody 's welfare but cronyism , bad governance and patrimonialism , all of which is strong in nations which whine about neoliberalism all day long instead of cleaning their house . 
  a strong nation has no strong need to fall back to the border logic , the eu is the principle argument for this . 
  we are not less of a nation because we created a zone that exists precisely to abolish them , and contrary to popular opinion we did n't just invent the eu so we can repeat the downfalls of petty nationalism on a larger scale . 
  the only reason to be scared of one million immigrants is to believe that your nation is too weak to handle it . 
  on the list of things germany has dealt with in the last 70 years , some poor immigrants do n't even make it into the top twenty . 
  and yes , in an economically globalised world , which is the dominant paradigm , borders are purely performative . 
  like a phallus of sorts . 
   a cultural relativist . 
  european culture/influence is visible as far as japan . 
  well and european as well as arabic and russian or american culture is visible in every major german city . 
  large urban areas usually incorporate culture from all kinds of places . 
  this does n't make me a relativist . 
  get off your high horse . 
  i also did n't invoke any magic , stop misrepresenting me . 
  but immigration and economic and cultural development are tightly linked . 
  the most attractive places on the planet always have always attracted huge numbers of a very diverse range of immigrants . 
  high skilled workers , blue collar labourers , refugees and also criminals . 
  there is nothing inherently surprising or exceptional about this , and there is also no reason to object to it . 
  i am simply saying that if safety is your foremost concern , living in the areas that are pushing development forward is not a great idea . 
  there is not even such thing as controlled immigration in any strong sense . 
  movement of people is n't managed , it happens depending on the goals and needs of the people involved , we 're not living in a sim city simulator . 
  this is a good thing . 
   and what the hell are you even saying , that we need immigrants for cultural development ? 
  we 're europeans damnit , we are the fucking pinnacle of culture . 
  we 're at the pinnacle of claiming that we 're the pinnacle of culture , everything else is very debatable . 
  and yes i am saying that you need conflict to progress . 
  cities are living and breathing entities . 
  crime is a facet of any place at which things actually happen , this reaction against it and this desire for safety is a purely emotional gut reaction because people are scared by the pace of change . 
  if people are so anxious they ought to move to bumfuck xy in the countryside , nobody will bother you and you 're never going to see an immigrant in your life . 
  you can totally arrange your life if that 's what you want . 
  but i want the mouth-breathers to keep their hands of cities that are dynamic and growing . 
  that areas decay and areas grow is n't a problem it 's a feature . 
  people are perceiving this stuff in way too vulgar way . 
  yes , class divide and young age and so on create criminality , but they also create opportunity . 
  you can look at every city around the world harlem , berlin kreuzberg , paris seine-saint denis , yes they are all problem zones but they also create opportunities . 
  many of them nowadays have quite huge startup rates are on an economic upwards trend and yes , * at the same time * have more problems and higher crime rates . 
  this stuff is n't mutually exclusive . 
  hell soho started as a kind of sex-shop neighborhood . 
  this pattern of downtrodden messed up districts , often with high immigration and poverty , turning into hubs of innovation is not new , in fact the ` disruption ' is an important part of it . 
  you will have no economic or cultural development in a city full of 130 year old geezers , who all look and think the same . 
  well now i want to play anno again, 
  how is that even remotely true ? 
  they 've been acting quite cohesively for a while now without any bigger signs of infighting . 
  there is no large ideological rift between social democrats and conservatives in germany , unlike in say france or the us . 
  thanks for the primer , that was helpful . 
  interesting to see that there is a formal split between the rural right and the urban right , i would have expected the rural right to organise within the finns rather than being such a strong party . 
  is the urban rural split really bad in finland ? 
  and are nat and centre typical coalition parties ? 
  these people really endorse nationalism and massively `` taking care of our own '' ( talk about an ominous phrase ) . 
  i think this kind of rhetoric should alarm people everywhere . 
  this movement towards ` meta-politics ' of `` us '' against the system / the media what have you is quite spooky and frankly anti-democratic . 
  as if any party would neglect ` their own ' or not put their country first . 
  that people eat this language up is quit bad, 
  i 'm probably not far away from you politically , i also want a centrist , market oriented party that respects our constitutional order and so on and i do n't consider myself at home at any end of the political extremes due to their ridiculous economic policies that they for the most part share . 
  i certainly think that hillary was a pretty good candidate and i think most european countries still have parties to vote for . 
  france has macron , in germany both the spd and cdu fit into this spectrum and so on . 
  and while ` islamism ' is of course a problematic ideology , it 's also politically irrelevant . 
  it 's a security risk and nothing more . 
  it does n't warrant voting for lunatics that want to tear the whole post war order down . 
  i 'm sadly not very familiar with finnish politics but surely finland has a more reasonable option than the left or right as well . 
  people in the centre right to left spectrum should n't really start to fracture , these really are n't great times for us as it stands . 
  the funny thing really is that i used to identify myself on the left of the political spectrum as a registered social democrat who generally cares about social welfare , but i 've never denied that the international market economy that we 've built is a really great thing . 
  for some reason over the last few years holding steady with these beliefs has apparently pushed me into the ` establishment ' or turned me into a ` conservative ' . 
  the extremism everywhere is truly scary . 
  economic protectionism is what people are demanding right now , they are opposing free trade , free movement of labour and so on on both sides of the political extreme . 
  picking 150 years as a timeline is peculiar to say the least , because you seem to forget the two wars that threw us back into the stone age again . 
  the post-war era which created much of our contemporary wealth did not see high degrees of nationalism at all . 
  the kind of civic nationalism that you 're alluding to hear is primarily limited to the anglo-sphere and even there it has been replaced by some kind of tribalism over the last decade . 
  if you 're a fan of market economies and what we 've come to know as western globalization the right is no place for you . 
  it 's not about their own lives , it 's about using politics as a tool to mess with other people because they feel personally impotent . 
  it 's like democratic limp dick syndrome . 
  for the same reason people somewhere in the midwest support travel bans for people they 'll never see once in their lives . 
  it 's simply about messing with others who are better off than they are, 
   the problem is that very few right wing parties actually do these properly for a variety of reasons . 
   because it 's an absurdly contradictory position . 
  if you 're a supporter of free markets and individual responsibility you need to drop the border nonsense . 
  protectionism , nationalism and free markets do n't work greatly together . 
  never probably because there 's little reason or precedent to classify clandestine intelligence work as acts of war . 
  because well by definition war is a little more direct and military tools are n't really going to help us here . 
  reading the article would help . 
  but it was longer than 140 characters , so i can understand the confusion . 
  do us all a favour and piss off back to t_d . 
   during the violent encounter , th\u00e9o said , officers spit on him and called him such names such as `` negro '' and `` bitch . '', 
  it 's not uncommon for people in academia to move around a lot , and learning a whole language for about two or three years of work is hard to justify if you actually want to do your job at the same time . 
  read the darn post , it 's half a page of text, 
  because it 's a rothschild bank and you ca n't let the jews run the world . 
  it 's simply a play on the good old ` global capital ' conspiracies . 
  trump in contrast is just a quintessential american casino mobster and tv clown so all is well, 
  nah this think alike stuff does n't make for stronger unions either . 
  in fact fuelling a mentality of superiority in large empires was almost always their undoing and fuels secessionism . 
  conflict is really vital , and this retreat into `` safety '' and like-mindedness is just anxiety . 
  you think human progress happens when all people in the same place have the same ideas ?
