  macedonian teens looking to earn a buck also made fake news . 
  will the west also blame these kids and kooks like alex jones for their political failures ? 
  so he did it but we should n't talk about it although it is true and an important issue ? 
  how is it a scapegoat if it literally happens ? 
  so your answer to fake news/propaganda is to not talk about it but to do what ? 
  counter-propaganda ? 
  that we apparently do n't talk about truth and only about interest * is * the problem of the whole fake-news issue . 
  this is how the whole clownshow starts , you stop talking about reality and only talk about power . 
  that 's how trump won with a bullshit platform we 've moved into baudrillard 's hyperreality where the establishment lies by definition and every rebel speaks truth by definition . 
  it 's not about what 's going on in the real world but only `` who profits '' although the truth value of something is completely independent of it . 
  we need to bring discourse back to reality . 
  he really was n't ( see other comments ) , these positions are fairly common in germany across the political spectrum it 's often a combination of vulgar anti-imperialism and admiration for everything not-nato, 
  because if you ask the general population : `` do you want a fairer social system and wealth distribution ? '', 
  they say : `` yes '' you ask `` would you be ready to pay more taxes ? '', 
  or even `` do you want to see taxes raised on the top x percent ? '', 
  they already say no or are torn . 
  politicians only follow popular opinion . 
  it 's not terribly bad in germany because there 's no class warfare as for example in france . 
  i do n't know why people really are enraged or even surprised about this , there has always been a corporatist social contract in this country between companies , politics and the citizens . 
  it 's kind of how the country functions , companies act fairly patrimonial and have influence on politics but in turn they 've numerous obligations . 
  yes . 
  lobbyism has turned from being a technical term to describe third parties who carry expertise into government into some kind of nebulous slur . 
  it 's another symptom for the ` might makes right ' attitude that exists nowadays and pushes idios like duterte into power . 
  it 's a real big problem . 
  nobody is worse than the voting population at understanding what corruption is . 
  they constantly replace well functioning bureaucrats who have some petty irrelevant skeletons in their closets with absolutely down to the bones corrupt and inept demagogues , and then they wonder why everything goes to shit . 
  that does n't really make you a eu nationalist though , just someone who thinks eu stuff aligns with croatian interests contingently . 
  a eu nationalist would be someone who understands the eu as a unified entity . 
   am i the only pro-eu nationalist left on the damn continent ? 
  what does that entail ? 
  is this some de gaulleian ` ca n't trust the fucking anglosaxons ' ? 
  if yes i approve, 
  `` globalist '' , `` eussr '' lmao are we playing idiot bingo again ? 
   the appropriate order is understood by the germans as meaning that , first , banks in countries like italy or portugal should become fitter , for instance by getting rid of bad loans . 
  and only later , richer member states would agree to put their money in common funds to shield deposits and lenders from future failures . 
  i 'm not opposed to this , built in risk sharing without conditions is basically a free bailout for everybody who wants to supply periphery banks with crappy loans . 
  i think having affordable living space ranks higher than historical and aesthetic appeal . 
  not only is urban sprawl and low height bad for allocating people , it also drives up infrastructure cost , travel time , car use with that emissions and pollution etc. . . building high is more efficient and ecological in almost every way . 
  well of course travel costs are program expenses , what else would they be . 
  people who work for the charity have to travel so they can work, 
  i know young muslims are n't especially religious , i went to university and school with tons of them, 
  well first it wo n't happen because young people are n't genuinely religious no matter what religion they 're a member of , and secondly if it did i would n't care , just as i do n't care that it 's effectively christian now . 
  so your source is the donald and an article that starts out with calling bill clinton a `` cronie '' lmao . 
  in case you are n't aware dailywire is a propaganda rag founded by ben shapiro great sources there buddy . 
  for what it 's worth most of the arguments are also terrible . 
  the overhead of the clinton foundation is n't unusual compared to other charities and the clinton 's have paid almost 40 % in taxes over decades , so no they 're not actually using the charity to dodge taxes stop ruining your brain with this nonsense, 
  weird transparency organisations rate the clinton foundation very highly . 
  can you please point me to evidence of their corruption ? 
  if corruption is the embezzlement of government resources and conflict between private and public interests these ` leaks ' serve corrupt politicians more than anything else . 
  the democrat leaks in the us just helped getting a russian style kleptocrat into office who pays no taxes and has business interests in the countries he now has diplomatic control over . 
  that is the literal definition of corruption . 
  compared to this the dnc leaks are fucking irrelevant . 
  all these leaks do is distract from actually corrupt politicians . 
  the voting population has no idea what real corruption actually is . 
  just look at the recent romanian elections . 
  if ` the people ' are so great at identifying corruption , how the fuck do corrupt people end up in office in the first place ? 
  yes you can . 
  hand information over to journalists who examine information and put them into context , see panama leaks . 
  this wikileaks shitposting is nothing but a smear attack on specific political actors . 
  that 's how most hacking works , you do n't actually work yourself through firewalls deus ex style , that 's not a real thing, 
  this is really not true at all . 
  here is greece 's export profile through the years , i picked 2006 . http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/grc/all/show/2006/ arms exports ( as can be seen at the bottom ) is 20 million dollars . 
  that 's virtually nothing . 
  greece has never been a relevant arms exporter not before the crisis and not now . 
  the only thing greece exports in significant numbers is oil products and metals . 
  the eu ca n't destroy anything that has n't been there to begin with . 
  if this story about the competitive greece industry were true greece would n't have run up the trade imbalances it has over the last twenty years to begin with . 
  wait i did n't claim that it 's derived from some general principle , just that it 's currently covered under french healthcare fully , which is the case . 
  do n't strawman me . 
  of course they could strike it . 
  you 're whining again , are you going to actually make a post that has content or are you going to continue to dodge the actual topic . 
  i answered your question already, 
   the largest in the mediterranean , were closed down , so that some inefficient , pathetic french shipyards could take over . 
  if they were so inefficient and pathetic they probably would n't have beaten other companies in the first place . 
  which is a pretty laughable claim in itself , the french defense industry is pretty strong globally . 
  greece has two major defense companies , eas and hai and some smalller ones which employ about a few thousand people , frenche defense sector employs a quarter of a million . 
  come on, 
  give me an argument that is actually defensible and i would n't need to attack you for it . 
  the debate is n't poisoned , the anti-abortion crowd just ran out of arguments 30 years ago . 
  that is the criteria under french law or else abortion would n't be covered in the first place . 
  or do you think nobody has bothered to check healthcare laws in half a century and you 're the first person to figure this out ? 
  https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/interruption_volontaire_de_grossesse a [ bortion is part of family planning and 100 % reimbursed . 
  ] ( http://motherboard.vice.com/blog/france-will-now-pay-for-100-percent-of-abortions ), 
  christians still constitute a plurality or even majority in most countries , islam is politically irrelevant . 
  i do n't care about any hypothetical scenarios in the year 2100 . 
  even declining they 're a potentially majority group . 
  islam is n't on the rise lol , it 's like max 5 % of any given country, 
  no , that 's literally the point . 
  the state covers all procedures that are psychologically or physically relevant , abortion unambiguously falls into this category . 
  the state also can cover cosmetic procedures if they 're reason for psychological harm , see burn victims sex-change etc. . what 's your point even ? 
  this is n't a poisoned debate , you just ca n't make a rational argument why the state should not fund abortion . 
   but the alt right openly rejects the conservative label . 
  only in the us really . 
  the afd likes to display themselves as ` genuinely conservative ' and paints the cdu as `` sozialdemokratisiert '' . 
  in europe most conservative parties have a history of ethno-nationalism before they moved on to civic forms so the alt-right ( neo-fascist is the more honest term really ) tries to fuel those sentiments that are still left among some conservatives . 
  also the guy i responded to explicitly referred to them as conservative so that 's what i responded to . 
   i mean in general . 
  they seem more nimble and sensitive to the sentiment of voters . 
  the rest of the political system is moving glacially like a behemoth democracies are supposed to move slowly , that is a feature not a bug . 
  with slowness comes consensus , state of law and stability .
