  and i disagree that it is n't working out for the west . 
  we are living at the most prosperous time in western history , how is it not working out ? 
  she has , at least for now , announced to quit politics http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39864948, 
   and strangely willing to pay more for fizzy water in a restaurant than beer would cost . 
  that 's because beer is our water and water is a luxury drink that we occasionally supplement . 
  hence the punk being so picky about his water , it probably was a special occasion . 
  make tito great again ? 
  say what you want but the benevolent communism was better than this tribal situation they have going on now what 's the actual eastern european perspective on him and yugoslavia ? 
  putin is mainly big on supporting minorities that support his narrative of russia as the historical empire , so that includes certain religious groups , ethnic minorities and so on . 
  putin really does n't seem to recognise any civic minorities , the political opposition etc. 
  that said there is some merit to your point , putin is not a rabid nationalist as often asserted . 
  yes , he considered himself to be some kind of aryan supremacist and apparently boasted to be born on the same day as hitler , he also was obsessed with school shooters though and was treated for depression . 
  some weird mix of racism , school shooting and mental illness most likely, 
  we could have done exactly what we have done now , implement fiscal rules as part of a troika , but in that case with a reasonable banking policy in place so that greece could have actually afforded the spending reduction without being in an economic slump . 
  in that case it would have make sense to reform the economy because the negative social effects would have been palatable . 
  what we did instead , reducing spending during a recession is pure poison for an economy and resulted in the election of an inept government which * again * reduced confidence on the private market . 
  you see the spiral that 's at work here , all a result of the non-confidence of the private markets ? 
  it 's not speculation it 's the visible and direct result of the political course taken , and it was entirely predictable . 
  and no , we quite literally could not have ended up worse because we got the worst of both worlds . 
  through the half-assed esm mechanism we are throwing good money after bad . 
  the bail-outs do not restore confidence because the greek banks are still the responsibility of the greek state , which has no confidence on the private market . 
  ( hence why it went down the shitter in the first place ) . 
  the experts only predicted a break up of the union because they rightfully could n't fathom that we were going to ruin a whole generation and nations of people just in the name of sovereignty and bad politics, 
  if you 're not willing to commit to policies that the union requires to function we should n't have made one . 
  given that we did we should be consistent . 
  the moment germany decided that greek bank solvency will still be guaranteed by the greek government because it was politically inexpedient to take responsibility , a total loss of confidence occured and risk premiums shot up everyhwere , ruining portugal , italy , ireland to no fault of their own . 
  if we 'd taken a trillion bucks and directly recapitalised the banks through the esm and put them under european control immediately after the crisis we could have prevented the entire mess . 
  because you want to encourage competition between business , not between states , which destroys the public welfare and actually hampers companies from innovating , as they can rely on political dumping measures to stay competitive . 
  which is precisely what is happening in germany as productivity growth is low , investment is below oecd level and the infrastructure is suffering . 
  all of which is weakening germany 's future position and directly damaging the welfare of the german and european public . 
  good , because us econ policy actually makes sense . 
  if we had people like bernanke making decisions in 2010 we could have avoided seven years of stagnation . 
  even the utterly dysfunctional american congress recognised that tarp was unpopular but necessary to clean the balance sheets and prevent a recession . 
  if we 'd done the same in europe we could have avoided the entire crisis . 
  it took draghi five years to actually act on it . 
  consumers do n't care because they have n't experienced shopping without normed products . 
  do you want to inspect every tomato or weigh every fruit yourself because you do n't know what you get for the prize you pay ? 
  and yes , if you want to standardise products you have to introduce some silly sounding metrics to quantify it . 
  norming things through bureaucratic measures is how you ensure consumer rights, 
  i mean the name dropping is nice and all , but what is the problem with simply outlawing the practice in the netherlands ? 
  do n't accept surrogacy as a legitimate form to obtain custody over a child and there 'll be no reason for dutch people to engage in it . 
  this regulate and legalise it talk might make sense concerning drug use because you ca n't really prevent it , but you ca n't really smuggle a baby from india without any papers . 
  and the quoted part already shows the problem even if you get rid of the economic situation which is a big if . 
  surrogacy motherhood is a psychological hazard for the women carrying out the children , because we 're not biologically built to hand over kids to strangers that we 've carried around in our bodies for 9 months . 
  we 've tried this failed liberalisation with prostitution in germany and it was a disaster . 
  just so we 're on the same page here , when you mean surrogacy you mean another women carrying a child to term , right ? 
  egg implants should be uncontroversial . 
  a surrogacy motherhood is rightfully not treated the same as surrogacy fatherhood . 
  carrying a child takes 9 months , comes with medical risk and has basically led to `` farms '' in countries like india where women effectively sell their body to supply rich westerners with children , which for everybody with some basic ethical compass should ring some alarm bells . 
  this is not comparable to a sperm donation . 
  a basic appeal to equality is not sufficient here , equal treatment must only be granted when talking about things that are in fact equal . 
  in this case lesbian and gay couples are not equal because lesbian couples can carry the children to term themselves , avoiding the situation above . 
  untenable for unproductive workers who will be pushed into the shadow economy , because someone working on minimum wage can not really live on a < = 35 hour week . 
  simple evidence for this is that the effective hours worked in france have never really gone down after the labour laws were introduced . 
  not sure if you 're being sarcastic but surrogacy is terrible because it 's economically exploitative . 
  i mean . . we 're talking about the pm here . 
  i think a little bit of qualification is in order , it 's not exactly an internship position choosing a somewhat unknown mayor is probably as close to * the people ^ ^ tm * as you can go, 
  they 're exactly at +1 seats right now . 
  very doubtful that they 're going to do this . 
  one dissenter and you 're in for a lot of fun . 
  it would be permanent blackmail from every representative . 
  bavaria was a net receiver of the german `` l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich '' until 1987 for the most part financed by nrw and now they 've turned into insufferable braggards . 
  bavaria is in a good shape because they got a jump start into the modern economy , the lack of resources was actually a blessing for bavaria and a crutch for nrw , which is why nowadays the roles are reversed . 
  this is something that did not only play through in germany but also northern italy - southern italy , manchester/industrial north - london , the american rustbelt - the coastal cities and so on . 
  it 's a structural process that has little to do with politics . 
  i did n't actually pass much of a judgement in my post and i certainly think that an intervention can be justified when democracy turns into demagoguery , but that is what it is and people on reddit are ridiculously inconsistent about this . 
  and while i think that the authoritarianism can be justified to defend the constitution , fueling the turkish nationalism in a multicultural society was fairly disastrous . 
  the aftermath is visible today . 
  it 's visible in other parts of the middle east to where european nationalism took hold , like syria or iraq . 
  this is a quite ridiculous thing on the internet where people will start to praise attat\u00fcrk or kemalism because he was a secularist , but at the next second freak out when some western government censors a hate speech post on facebook . 
  kemalism is a very authoritarian form of government that basically enforces secularism through military means , it 's not some kind of laissez-faire weed-smoking atheism that people here tend to like . 
  if you defend kemalism you must at the same time defend political marginalisation of the opposition , military intervention in domestic affairs ( the turkish military has intervened to defend the constitutional , secular order about half a dozen times ) , ethno-nationalism at expense of minorities and so on . 
  the cdu by far got the most non-voters , the majority of afd voters in nrw come from parties that formerly fell under the 5 % rule , which is for the most part right-wing extremists like pro-nrw , the npd and so on , they simply have consolidated within the afd and gained some but not many voters from the other parties . 
  the cdu meanwhile is raking in their strongest wins in years and they 're polling at historical highs . 
  your narrative is absolutely off . 
   the political system in the us is of course fundamentally different to the german one . 
  so if you want to compare actual policies each and every single party besides right wing fundamentalists ( and not even those want to abolish statutory health insurance ) would be in democrats territory . 
  . . and that 's what i wanted to do . 
  i do n't really see what the point is of comparing two parties who are nothing alike just because they occupy the same space on some relative spectrum, 
  trump needed to overcome 5 % of the votes in swing states . 
  the afd needs another 40 % and faces the opposition of pretty much the whole civil society . 
  that the afd will never win , at least in anything close to its current form , is a statement that i can make with a lot of confidence people were sceptical of a trump win because they were quite confident in shaky polling , there was nothing outrageous about a republican winning per se . 
  the afd is quite a different story . 
  that 's just a silly meme . 
  the fdp advocates very moderate reduction of taxes and in no other way even wants to shrink the government , they 've even swayed in on a law & order course including increased police forces and so on . 
  libertarians are a solely american invention who basically run on an extremist , anti-government platform . 
  gun rights , state rights , and so on . 
  that mentioned , the fdp also happens to be a federalist party who wants more centralised decision-making in education . 
  libertarians do n't exist outside of the us . 
  the cdu is a centrist and civil conservative party and pretty much all of their recent political decisions are defensible from that point of view . 
  and people are clearly voting for them for that reason . 
  it 's a very common political orientation in germany . 
  true , but how does that relate to the fdp/dem discussion ? 
  there 's plenty of tax-break , pro business people within the blue dogs , they 're not a uniform group . 
  anyway that 's the point , the fdp is n't either . 
  they 're the anglo-economy party of germany within the framework of the german social market , and here they broadly meet common ground with american democrats . 
  differentiating between new dems and blue dogs in the context of this discussion is just nitpicking . 
  they essentially are all third way , liberal , bipartisan groups . 
  and of course prominent democrats talk about individual responsibility , communal organisation and so on all the time . 
  obama as i already mentioned , but also clinton who is big on vocational training , regional solutions etc , quite literally trying to bring the german manufacturing system to americas leftover regions .
