  it 's way too important to leave it completely private . 
  the problem is more that for conservatives this would mean publicly acknowledging the full equality of all religions in all institutions . 
  they still like to keep certain groups just slightly alienated . 
  yeah slipup , in german it 's ` golfstaat ' . 
  but maybe they enjoy golfing as well, 
  every party in germany opposes salafism , so this should not influence your voting behaviour . 
  parties that oppose cooperation with the ~ ~ golf ~ ~ gulf states ? 
  greens and left probably . 
  greens also have proposed public instead of foreign funding following the austrian model , and public curricula for imams as they already exist for the christian churches . 
  just counting up numbers is insanely vulgar . 
  fascism is qualitatively different from anything before or after it . 
  it is a cult of death that celebrates war as an end in itself , it elevates racism , totalitarianism and inequality to principles and consumed itself and the continent in less than a decade . 
  it was so insanely fucked that it ceased to exist before it could even actually get off the ground , it 's by design a suicidal ideology . 
  communism , while responsible for millions of deaths , is none of this . 
  and i say that as someone who has not much sympathy for radical left-wing politics . 
  but any attempt to equate the two is right-wing relativism . 
  estonia can claim the label neoliberal without using it as an insult . 
  lean and efficiently run government with reasonable investments into core sectors and technology , modern administration and low burden for businesses and low barrier of entry . 
  in many ways actually preferable to our government which is constantly plagued by luddism in regards to the digital sector . 
  ( voting being the exception , it 's still too problematic from a security standpoint ), 
  interesting post history , seems like we 've found a full time defender of russian adventurism . 
  yeah sorry you can insult me all you want , every region i named is under de-facto russian control , and disguising them as nominally independent is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  and north korea is democratic , it says so in the name !, 
  we 're not going to play this silly game right ? 
  transnistria and abkhazia / ossetsia follow the same model . 
  in their case they 're also nominally autonomous but de-facto vassalized . 
  it has been russia 's strategy at the fringes ever since the soviet union collapsed . 
  the donetsk republic is probably going to be the newest member in that group . 
  putin is honestly handling russia like some kind of medieval empire . 
  turning pieces of it into fiefdoms ruled by people like kadyrov . 
  even the fucking ussr was better than this, 
  let 's not go overboard either . 
  more extreme than earlier summits but on the first of may you have this too every year . 
  hamburg has a large autonomous scene . 
  yup if you 're a serious anarchist do it like orwell and get on a plane to rojava , but for christs sake this cringe rioting is an embarassment, 
  ` germania ' as a personification of germany is usually depicted as a woman . 
  [ here 's another one in the rhine valley ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e3/germania_figur.jpg/800px-germania_figur.jpg ), 
  yes , surely a system without scientific advancement or long term economic prospects or women 's rights is awesome and will destroy everybody . 
  yes , but some are n't and some are . 
  i 'm not sure if that is a serious question , but yes the enlightenment is generally considered to have been a step forward, 
  because societies of free and equal individuals are better than theocratic dictatorships . 
  yes , that a majority can be oppressive . 
  you 're missing categorical individual rights and the state of law, 
  correct , but we were n't talking about authoritarianism in that comment chain , we were specifically talking about machismo and the role of male support among right-wing candidates . 
  i did n't deny that women ca n't be authoritarian or forceful in politics , thatcher certainly was too , but they do n't display virility . 
  they do n't celebrate a public image of physical strength or dominance . 
  on the contrary , people like merkel usually do n't openly display power at all . 
  i do n't think you would see may topless on a horse or bragging about grabbing other people by their genitals while doing judo . 
  i 'm not sure the question is even meant to be taken seriously . 
  anarchism is n't a far right but a left-wing movement , ant not all communism is statist , hence no meaningful contradiction . 
  also groups with diverging interests have been known to opportunistically work together `` ancap '' stuff is american nonsense so i do n't know why a guy with a flanders flag would be confused about this . 
  i think turkey is an ambigious case . 
  erdogan does n't even really present himself as a ` macho ' the same way putin or trump do , women in turkey still overwhelmingly agree that they ought to serve their husband and the family policies of the akp probably give them financial incentive to vote for him . 
  his authoritarianism is less ` male image ' than it seems to be a fact of turkish society , so maybe not the best example of a typical bully . 
  it 's certainly not as tabooed as the swastika but i would object that this is just a near vs far issue . 
  there 's fundamental differences . 
  if we take the h&s as representative of communism it 's simply not as unambigiously ` evil ' of a symbol as the swastika . 
  fascism is inherently totalitarian and racist and consumed the continent in basically a decade . 
  implemented communism also has produced countless of deaths undoubtedly but socialism and communism still are more complex . 
  they 're not intrinsically inhumane and not all forms of them are evil . 
  they go back almost two hundred years in history now and have significant impact on our history not just in bad ways . 
  it feels to me very wrong to equate them with nazism . 
  usually used too for cuban sympathies and worker organisations and such . 
  i do n't think i 've seen any leftist in recent history use it for stalin apologia outside of the internet, 
  in case you 're serious about being serious . . no . 
  radical centrism can take many forms like universal defense of liberal values with force ( french revolution etc. . . ) , to ` radical pragmatism ' , that is consensus based decision making in all cases . 
  nazism does borrow from both the left and right , but that does n't mean you end up in the centre , it just means that you employ both left-wing and right-wing beliefs . 
  italian fascism for example with it 's industrial vanguard and nationalism , both of which are decidedly non-liberal [ rick & morty has already shown the problem of your thinking ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xegtkyyii7i ), 
  because machismo seems to be an important feature of authoritarianism , and the support for it is overwhelmingly male . 
  there 's a good part in umberto eco 's essay * ur-fascism * about this  since both permanent war and heroism are difficult games to play , the ur-fascist transfers his will to power to sexual matters . 
  this is the origin of machismo ( which implies both disdain for women and intolerance and condemnation of nonstandard sexual habits , from chastity to homosexuality ) . 
  since even sex is a difficult game to play , the ur-fascist hero tends to play with weapons -- doing so becomes an ersatz phallic exercise . 
  this is probably relevant in the current context of guys transferring their anxiety towards other matters , be it a backlash against feminism , foreign men , support for militarism , guns and violence and so forth, 
  you 're going to be really surprised when she 's empress of the galactic human federation and in her 40th term, 
  the story about the tigers lmao . 
  putin sounds like a supervillian out of a marvel movie . 
  a bullied guy in high school is the kind of person i expect to turn into erdogan honestly lots of this new authoritarianism seems to be fueled by disappointed men of one sort or the other, 
  [ wikipedia has got you covered ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/merkel-raute ), 
  would be a different topic if it was just the police and g20 people they were fighting , but they 're aimlessly smashing everything . 
  some african woman was in tears in the news because her tea store was destroyed clearly an example of the evil bourgeoisie and global capitalism, 
  i mean you do n't even need to respect property rights as such and still think that burning random cars is kind of unproductive even if you 're commie this is about the stupidest thing you could do, 
  yes , it 's a very personal book about his time on the aragon front , with the poum ( * partido obrero de unificaci\u00f3n marxista * ) you should keep in mind that it is n't without bias especially in regards to the international involvement in the conflict ( as orwell himself readily admits ), 
  yes , it 's one of my favourite books . 
  much better than his fiction, 
  orwell should personally beat you up with a copy of homage to catalonia for that statement, 
  ca n't have hitler take over your country if you 're already fascist !, 
  but , i did give you an example . 
  these things are easy to mess up . 
  she could have jumped on a train of harder sanctions and increased rhetoric against russia , or she could have loosened the sanctions , both positions have enthusiastic supporters on all sides of the spectrum . 
  she chose to not do either which i think has at least kept the conflict contained , far from the worst outcome . 
  another example is her handling of the migration crisis . 
  over the last two years she has not given in to either sides of the extreme spectrums . 
  she has n't empowered the right-wing with zealous slogans but she also has n't waived every issue away and we 've largely worked ourselves through it . 
  absorbing a million people into a country could go a lot worse . 
  it 's the_donald bait posting , nothing more . 
  the mods should honestly remove this stuff if it 's only being posted with the intention to stir up shit . 
  he has learned from [ the best ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gkgdsbg.mp4 ), 
  given merkel 's response [ and the description according to this new yorker article ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2014/12/01/quiet-german ) i highly doubt that it was unintentional  in 2007 , during discussions about energy supplies at the russian president 's residence in sochi , putin summoned his black lab , koni , into the room where he and merkel were seated . 
  as the dog approached and sniffed her , merkel froze , visibly frightened . 
  she 'd been bitten once , in 1995 , and her fear of dogs could n't have escaped putin , who sat back and enjoyed the moment , legs spread wide .
