  statistically speaking most businesses fail and do n't make any money at all . 
  as a result these people will not pay into the system and will not have any mandatory coverage . 
  also such small enterprises are prone to be used as a front for corruption or tax evasion . 
  they also rarely turn over enough money so that the people can cover their own health and especially pension expenses . 
  everybody who takes a side job that brings in more than a few hundred bucks will be hit by some form of income tax and social security costs , i do n't see any reason to put self-employment on a pedestal . 
  depends a little on the context . 
  `` volk '' can be used without racist connotation as in `` dem deutschen volke '' which happens to be the inscription on the reichstag building or in words as in `` volksmusik '' , but it 's a little archaic and antiquated if you 're referring to the german people and fairly popular in far-right circles . 
  more common in public discourse would be `` gesellschaft '' . 
   the closest english translation i can think of is `` folksy '' the closest english translation would be something along the lines of ` racial ' , the german translation for ` folksy ' would be ` gesellig ' . 
  two completely different terms . 
  i do n't really know what definition of ` progressiveness ' you 're employing here but of course every form of communism does away with private ownership of the means of production . 
  that 's what communism is all about , no matter if anarchist or state socialist . 
  that does n't make it ` not progressive ' though apart from the irrelevant us ancap stuff that propped up a few decades ago all forms of anarchism aim to abolish private property . 
  sure there was . 
  the paris commune was anti-authoritarian socialist , bakunin , kropotkin and so on were anarchist communists and the spanish resistance was communist as well . 
  communism did n't start with leninism . 
  that we 're vigilant when it comes to right-wing fuckery ? 
  yeah we 're not just going to ignore the afd , that 's not actually a workable strategy . 
  the other way around , the left in east germany also is a very populist party that has long been attractive for poorer right-wing voters same goes for spd and cdu . 
  due to sheer size they 've got a lot of ` nice weather ' voters that will go haywire as soon as they 're pissed off . 
  i 'm just saying that the term is a completely legitimate one in discourse . 
  i am aware that habermas is n't a fan of cultural conceptions of the nation , but there 's nothing inherently wrong with them . 
  not liking an idea does n't mean we need to do away with the word . 
  the * leitkultur * stuff is close to how the french handle cultural assimilation . 
  it 's not a dirty idea or something and it 's not related to the v\u00f6lkisch far-right nonsense . 
  the cdu and spd could hold a majority without the csu and even if they could n't they could get the greens in while the csu literally gains nothing from going rogue . 
  i do n't know why people continuously overestimate the importance of the csu . 
  well there 's certainly nothing wrong with the mainline conservative version of it , but i 've honestly never heard it in any far-right ethnic context . 
  also the history of the term is a little different . 
  it came up in academic discourse and habermas used to talk about if for decades , so there really should n't be anything wrong with the term or the concept . 
  * leitkultur * has no ethnic connotation , it 's a purely civic term coined by an arab-german sociologist . 
  which is in line with the modern ( read federal republic ) idea of how citizenship works in this nation . 
  the afd wants to rehabilitate * v\u00f6lkisch * as a word precisely because they want to rehabilitate v\u00f6lkisch ideology . 
  is that just your gut feeling or is that sentiment based on anything ? 
  i generally do n't downvote except if it 's some really obscene shit . 
  i did n't downvote your post . 
  i 'm not the only person here lol . 
  i 'll upvote to ameliorate the situation !, 
  no offence , but it does n't really make a lot of sense for war-torn african countries to run multiple citizenship themes . 
  let me specify , most of the globally connected , functional world supports multiple citizenship . 
   his is , again , something evil racist right wingers said would start happening . 
  no , where the evil right-winger part comes in is when this is taken as a justification for racism , weird talk about invasions and denigration of whole ethnic or religious groups . 
  do you think anybody was thinking that the crime of assault would never happen in france , like ever ? 
  or that anybody supports people who spit or beat up other individuals ? 
  charge them with a crime if this story is true , punish them according to the law and move on with your life . 
  well they generally do n't . 
  [ most countries ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2a/dual_citizenship.svg/853px-dual_citizenship.svg.png ) have multiple citizenship schemes . 
  we 're the exception rather than the rule . 
  also short term speaking it only makes sense that a devalued pound boosts economic indicators like exports and reduces unemployment . 
  it 's the mid and long term situation that 's troublesome . 
   well that 's how democracy/referenda work ( s ) . 
  everybody in a country ( and many people abroad ) experiences the consequences of the majority 's preference depends on the democracy , a simple plurality vote on such an important topic is fairly questionable . 
  stable majority of at least 60 % would have made more sense . 
  or simply do n't hold a referendum at all , because they simply suck and nobody has an idea what they 're actually voting on . 
  that 's why democracies delegate decision-making to representatives . 
  sure democracy accepts the sovereignty of the governed , but * within constitutional limits * . 
  every functioning democracy will defend itself against forces that try to tear it down . 
  a democracy is not going to tolerate anti-democratic forces in the same way we punish criminals that break the basic rules of our society . 
  and asylum happens to be such a granted constitutional right . 
  it 's an individual right that almost all states on this planet acknowledge . 
  we 're not going to abolish a basic human right because people are upset . 
  this is n't how it works . 
  well democracy in the western sense is not just the arbitrary collective will of the people , it 's bound to the rule of law , intellectual and hierarchic traditions etc. . the state in a democracy protects the individual from the masses and defends categorical rights , it 's not some lense through which whatever the masses demand is amplified . 
  it has a regulatory and tempering role . 
  the state and the law are not the ` organic body of the people ' . 
  that would happen to be fascism . 
  it 's a german table , it 's unscratchable, 
  the labour theory of value implies that with the vanishing role of labour in the production of goods profits will go down , this is the ` great contradiction ' of capital that marx talks about in das kapital , and this is what leads him to think that advancing capitalist societies will abolish capitalism as labour intensive work vanishes . 
  this is why marx thought that communism would be first established in the highly industrialised united kingdom he was living in at the time of writing . 
  this is trivially false as everybody can see . 
  capital intensive businesses are highly profitable and continue to be so . 
  there is no contradiction that marx proposed . 
   riiiiight . 
  that 's why socialism vs. capitalism has been one of the most volatile political divides in humanity for the last 150 years . 
  that 's why at one point 1/4 of the world was under a red banner . 
  because no one cares about these issues . 
  also we have always been at war with eastasia . 
  some vague allusion to capitalism vs socialism has nothing to do with marx . 
  plenty of thinkers around who criticize capitalism on non-marxist grounds . 
  the guy you 're responding to is entirely correct , the labour theory of value is absolutely wrong and it 's a centerpiece of marxist economic analysis . 
  excellent choice [ the revolution is already under way ] ( http://imgur.com/q8bvpzo ), 
  well here in germany at least you 're going to have to say that to the cdu because they 're afraid of granting the same privileges ( and obligations ) to muslim organisations that they grant christian organisations . 
  as i said , most green / left-wing parties seem to be in favour of incorporating religous organisations into these public frameworks . 
  it 's the conservative crowd that indirectly fuels this stuff . 
  just fund them publicly , educate imams at public universities with a set curriculum between secular and religious society and you 'll see the sectarianism go away . 
  yeah the whole `` it 's just a joke '' thing stopped being an argument when the jokesters started winning presidencies this is why `` people do n't understand the internet lul '' thing does n't work , the precise idea is to hide extremism behind silly memes , jokes or whatever . 
  the extreme right does n't operate any more by dressing in white robes and burning crosses , they send a clown like milo to tv programs . 
  [ zizek explains how this stuff works ] ( https://youtu.be/qee4znrwvr8?t=60 ), 
  you do n't need to love anybody to tolerate a building or place of congregation . 
  that 's usually covered by constitutional religious freedoms . 
  that said numerous green parties in europe would favour national over foreign funding . 
   also , the political system in germany gives smaller parties a lot more influence than they have , e.g. 
  in the uk or us . 
  not really , the opposite is true . 
  smaller parties might nominally get a position or two but they 're basically excluded from any real policy making , even when they are in government . 
  influencing parties from the inside is much , much easier . 
  that 's why trump could overtake the republicans and why bernie almost threw over clinton although both had no positions within the party at all . 
  a non politician becoming chancellor or even mayor in germany ? 
  pretty much impossible . 
  a tea party in germany would be completely impotent .
