  the relationship between the state and the individual is impartial , there is no despotic or arbitrary punishment . 
  you know beforehand what crime will be responded to in what way . 
  just compare singapore , a country that did not exist a few generations ago to its neighbours . 
  if you want a place where you can freely move , live and work , without conflict or violence , it 's a pretty damn good place to be . 
  this is not the natural state of affairs . 
  i 've actually worked in the country , and the working conditions and contract situation were excellent . 
  and if something would have been wrong , i could have gone to a court very quickly . 
  what exactly is lacking in this regard ? 
  this is the same kind of criticism people level at israel . 
  we 've grown a little soft here apparently , liberalism is not a guaranteed fact of live that sustains itself . 
  cultural issue in much of asia , no need to debate me on it , it 's stupid . 
  but in the context of the discussion ( legitimacy of state power in the broad sense ) this issue of socially progressive values is a little misplaced . 
  but i actually symphatize with popper !, 
  if you 've read the open society you know the part about the paradox of freedom . 
  popper himself identified that intolerance must not be tolerated . 
  in germany we have this principle enshrined in our constitution too , we call it * wehrhafte demokratie * . 
  liberal society must be defended proactively , if necessary by force . 
  popper did not dispute this . 
   well , i very much know that i 'd rather not have trump presiding over an authoritarian government instead of being limited by the checks and balances of the american constitution . 
  this issue is n't just trump , and it wo n't be gone when he leaves . 
  this is a cultural divide between two very politicized groups in the country , roughly split along urban and rural lines . 
  how long will the american system absorb this culture war ? 
  will the government just be perpetually defunded , will there ever be something as elementary as healthcare reform ? 
  trump is not a 4 year phenomenon that the system will simply shrug off . 
  montesquieu 's idea of division of power within the state is great , did n't say anything against it . 
  singapore after all is heavily influenced by the westminster system , so they 've got a good dose of that . 
  if you think i was promoting some kind of dictator , i really did n't . 
  the country actually ranks consistently very well as far as corruption , or function of the institutions is concerned . 
  being ` authoritarian ' in the sense of having a powerful state does not mean that your state is somehow dysfunctional or despotic . 
  and a weak government lacks the means to stop the people from going haywire , which brings us back to the beginning . 
  given current developments i find it very hard to argue that somehow the threat to liberalism is an overreaching government and that hobbes vision is inaccurate . 
  we are seeing decaying institutions all over the west . 
  when elections happen more participation almost always means more extremism . 
  what hobbes was afraid of was that a bunch of ` vainglorious ' people turn towards factionalism , using liberal and democratic tools to hit each other on the head . 
  if democracy turns into a weapon for one part of the population to marginalise another , then you have a big problem . 
  if an authoritarian government steps in to stop this , it is * preserving * core liberal values . 
  singapore does this . 
  they will not tolerate demagoguery that threatens the social unity of the very diverse population . 
  they punish crime harshly , and they have well functioning checks and balances at the same time . 
  they govern with the consent of the people , they are still liberal . 
  you are projecting america 's idea of laissez-faire liberalism onto every other country . 
  and that is not true . 
  hobbes for very good reasons is considered to be a liberal philosopher , despite being very authoritarian . 
  you 're confusing liberalism with active , direct citizen-based democracy . 
  which is a different beast . 
  as one of the posters above alluded to , ` liberal values ' can be used to dismantle liberty itself . 
  if erdogan enjoys the popular support he can dismantle the state of law , individual rights , secular society and so forth . 
  the word ` demagogue ' contains * demos * for a reason through the democratic process and liberal means you can produce the most illiberal , even totalitarian government imaginable . 
  we 're seeing tendencies for this in many different places nowadays . 
  then you should adjust your oxymoron detector . 
  as hobbes pointed out five hundred years ago , the state of nature is not very liberal . 
  the state as a sovereign is tasked with guaranteeing that liberalism can actually exist . 
  singapore just disagrees about the amount of authority that is necessary to uphold the liberal society . 
   such as ? 
  singapore basically they 've always been authoritarian as hell , but to uphold liberal values rather than diminish them , given that we 're seeing laissez-faire institutions being captured by demagogues all over the place , they might be onto something, 
  i heard mr. erdoganov worked in a mine , three days until exhaustion ... 
  cologne and d\u00fcsseldorf , funnily enough i live in frankfurt now too and yeah it 's better . 
  the spd was part of a coalition government , so they naturally have to at least stay in line with the coalition agreement . 
  look at what kind of giant hissy fit the cdu threw after the spd took the opportunity to iniate the gay marriage vote . 
  if you play by the rules you 're complicit , if you do nothing you 're ` unstable ' , you see that there 's no way to win for any other party as long as the voters do n't punish the cdu for this style of politics , right ? 
  if people continuously punish the spd for being a minority partner , they should see that they 're moving in circles . 
  as a spd member i 'll readily admit that i 'm biased but i think what the cdu is doing is really a disservice to political culture . 
  there is no debate , no nothing , no talk about political programs or civic engagement . 
  it feels as if we 've entered some kind of renewed biedermeier period where everybody is just floating along because things are going well enough for nobody to actually care . 
  it 's kind of frustrating to organise politics around this . 
  the strength of the german economy has always been to incorporate modern technology into established products , so yeah i 'm totally comfortable still building cars in 2100 . 
  the tech sector has the problem of creating winner-takes-it-all effects . 
  a small amount of businesses , employing a fraction of the population ( 3 % in the us ) , captures almost all of the profits . 
  i can still use all the services american businesses and chinese ones provide , i seriously do n't see why we should burden this onto ourselves . 
  visit the moon for all i care , i 'm happy if we continue to build stuff that employs a large amount of people and shares the benefits equally . 
  that 's not really correct and i guess that 's the idea i do n't like at all . 
  here in germany / switzerland / denmark , all the countries with strong * mittelstand * and some larger businesses you really do n't have many failures . 
  what you have is strong ties between employer and employee and long term incremental progress . 
  this might be less exciting , but it is definitely more inclusive . 
  the american system is very romantic and produces many losers and comparably few winners . 
  sure , the chance that you create a billion dollar tech startup in germany is low , but the chance that you work your way up in a family business or an established company is very high and achievable , and there are lots of those around . 
  the data we have on social mobility actually suggests much better outcomes here . 
  when i worked in london people were complaining about the tube all the time , but it was much better than here in germany . 
  brits are even more grumpy than we are, 
  thanks but no thanks, 
  is this thing privately funded ? 
  as long as we 're not wasting any government funding on it i guess they can rebuild it every year for all i care if it 's a public building then yeah sure they should keep the budget in mind, 
  technically this building is as durable as any other ` traditional ' building , it 's likely significantly safer . 
  of course we rebuild things more often today , the pace of change has generally picked up . 
  i do n't see how that 's bad . 
  we 're not living in a museum, 
   i think i will never understand how people can justify that more small companies is somehow better for the economy ... there 's a myth about self-employed people being all autonomous and happy , and fancy doers and so forth , but it 's just really terrible . 
  the so called gig economy and extreme small business are highly unprofitable , people are often badly insured and they do n't have access to a good pension system . 
  i blame the americans for this cultural idea that everybody can somehow just become a billionaire in their garage, 
  luckily obese american people in their parent 's basement do n't win german elections . 
  the fucking le pen subreddit has n't had any post in two months lol , with the german election they 're not even trying . 
  in the long run we 're all dead as the saying goes , you ca n't really make decisions just on unknown hypothetical tails . 
  what i 've argued in this comment chain is just mainstream econ that is basically endorsed from the centre-right to left in economics outside of germany , where some really wacky shit goes on . 
  the us and the uk handled the financial crisis well just using standard policies , i 've argued for nothing else . 
  it was just not politically convenient in germany to do what was needed and there was a vile desire to punish greece for alleged lack of discipline . 
   debt you take on to pay back the interest on your existing loans is very much `` unhealthy debt '' . 
  not a single economist will deny that that is an unhealthy situation . 
  that is n't unhealthy debt either . 
  that is called debt-restructuring , refinancing risk or `` rolling over debt '' and governments as well as businesses do it all the time . 
  this is actually highly useful thing to do once you get out of a recession , as you can continuously roll over old debt at better and better interests rates .
