  mind you only in representative terms , i do n't condone this position personally . 
  you can object to the idea that democracy produces the best values , but you can not object that in a democracy majority rules . 
  that 's the most basic feature all genuine democracies have in common , and two very different populations can obviously express vastly different values through the same mode of democracy . 
  fact aside that this is framed facetiously , we are discussing democratic procedures , not political content . 
  a position backed by a majority of the population is , in the representative sense , not extreme . 
  if a broad majority of the population supports their elected officials , they are obviously carrying out their democratic mandate . 
   who needs to be in the avengers when you can live in the safest place on earth with working healthcare !, 
  this occurred to me when watching breaking bad at some point i thought `` wait that would n't even make sense here ... the guy would just go to the doctor '', 
   not governing with a quarter of the votes  awfully undemocratic democracy does n't exist to promote extremism . 
  if 75 % of the country happen to disagree with your platform so heavily that they exclude you from governing you 've got some soul searching to do . 
  plurality wins are meaningless . 
  contrary to reddit wisdom guns are actually pretty difficult to obtain in a country without a lot of guns, 
   the way i see it , there is the federal congress ( bundestag ) as opposed to the 16 state congresses ( landtage ) . 
  the federal representation of the governments of the 16 state congresses is the federal council ( bundesrat ) . 
  lower and upper house are just no terms that make any sense to me as a german . 
  lower house and upper house are completely fine terms here . 
  bicameralism / * zweikammersystem * is german terminology too . 
  very educated people have been known to do very stupid things to themselves , their families and especially people they do n't know , irrational and short sighted self-harm is n't exactly something that goes away with education to blame this on outside forces kind of misses the point . 
  our primate brains are pretty idiotic , we do shit like this all the time and need hard intervention to change behaviour . 
  concerning the intention of the crime the beliefs of the perpetrator are relevant . 
  and the guy had some kind of aryan superiority thing going on . 
  it does n't need to make a great deal of sense or be in line with whatever anybody else beliefs . 
  you 're not german-ing hard enough . 
  if you want to navigate the german bureaucracy we need to get you up to speed . 
  learn to read at a glance !, 
  many groups in germany do n't feel ` german ' . 
  jews , japanese , iranians even the average german is not german in a strong sense . 
  the problem is when you produce countless of failed biographies for which violence becomes attractive . 
  nobody goes around and blows themselves up in australia or singapore . 
  this is n't in itself a problem , after all not feeling closely related to britain does n't automatically mean that you 'll turn into a terrorist . 
  you do n't need to feel `` belonging '' to not blow each other up . 
  there 's a much bigger failure at some point when somebody goes on a murder spree . 
  i sincerely doubt honestly that this new wave of ` terrorism ' is political or cultural at all . 
  these people are n't bin laden . 
  these new lone wolves almost always have mental issues , a criminal history or are otherwise unstable . 
  a few years ago these people would have turned into school shooters , send out poisoned letters or chopped up someone in their basement . 
  this is personal , not cultural . 
  we are in control of our psychology and our reaction , we are not in control of every individual roaming around . 
  we can actually decide how we respond to terrorism , this is not in the hand of the terrorists . 
  terrorists are factually weak and small in numbers , we are not . 
  that is the appropriate mindset that we need to instill . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  promising safety that we can not provide ? 
  this will only make us more fragile because when the next attack happens the hysteria will be even bigger and the safety measures will increase etc. . setting us up for the next disappointment compare it to social anxiety . 
  you do n't tell anxious people that we need to make the world safer , we tell them that leaving your house entails risk that they need to face . 
  events all over the world produce effects all over the world , information travels fast . 
  that you somehow can go to place x and be safe and isolated from the rest of a world is a fantasy that was an anachronism even 50 years ago, 
  exactly . 
  we 're living in the golden age of asymmetric warfare in which terrorism happens to be an effective weapon . 
  people are confusing cause and effect . 
  threat level in the netherlands just jumped up 1000 %, 
  we need to go full china or something . 
  i 'm half serious , the inmates are running the asylum in some countries . 
  people are completely circumventing established institutions and push their crazy platforms through on social media . 
  we do n't have any tools to handle this, 
  of course there will always be a rich and poor gradient in cities , nonetheless a city needs to be permeable , poor people must be able to move in and rich people must move out , social mobility is vital for any city . 
  this is a great map of the us that was developed a few years ago : http://demographics.virginia.edu/dotmap/ zoom in on a city like detroit . 
  this for me is the failure of this indifference and the end result of this is segregation . 
  yes , removing the height limit is definitely a reasonable idea , but we also must do something about the constant cycle of the poor being driven outwards . 
  you do n't need to be fixated on this vacationing and empty housing issue . 
  it 's only the tip of the iceberg and the most obscene excess . 
  this is n't about some fancy hotels , nobody cares about those . 
  it 's about large amounts of living space being occupied by people who do n't live in the city and do n't work in the city . 
  london is not a tourist city , at least not in the sense that this ought to be its primary source of income or purpose . 
  this is a workable model for some island god knows where , but it is not for the capital of large country . 
  people can not be segregated along financial lines , the living space needs to be mixed . 
  poor people need to meet rich people in everyday live for some sort of social cohesion to exist . 
  this urban segregation is one of the biggest drivers behind political and cultural divide . 
  it 's also the defining characteristic of every shit tier second and third world city . 
  gated communities in one place and everybody else is screwed . 
  this is nothing we need to look up to . 
  a city is n't a museum for rich people , it 's a place for people to live and work . 
  this gentrification drives the poor out of the cities , increases segregation and inequality and is pretty much despicable from every moral standpoint there is . 
  not to mention that it 's going to hurt the city economically in the long run because you actually want large groups of people having access to the city , you ca n't be a permanent vacationing spot for the bored nobility or you 're going to stifle innovation . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  of course all those events you just named are genocides , but most historical genocides happened during some war between two nations , some apparent conflict for resources , * which is no excuse * ( ! ), 
  but the holocaust was planned and organised to a degree not really seen before . 
  it was not really martial in any sense or driven by territorial gain , it was n't even really fuelled by politics or anything it was organised by the nazis in a way that almost seems like a kind of bug extinction , automatised and industrialised to a degree unimaginable to that point . 
  much more importantly , the holocaust was qualitatively different . 
  it was not only colonialism or territorial war , but purely mechanical elimination of a whole population , simply for the sake of some crazed concept of ` racial purity ' carried out in industrial manner optimised down to economics . 
  zyklon b was chosen as a weapon because it was the cheapest means available to kill . 
  this i think is much more important when characterising genocide than just playing some numbers game and comparing everything to genghis khan or whatever . 
  that said churchill was a swine , even by the standards of his time . 
  the politically induced famines killed millions and , he at numerous occasions stated his contempt for the colonial populations . 
   many of his colleagues thought churchill was driven by a deep loathing of democracy for anyone other than the british and a tiny clique of supposedly superior races . 
  this was clearest in his attitude to india . 
  when mahatma gandhi launched his campaign of peaceful resistance , churchill raged that he `` ought to be lain bound hand and foot at the gates of delhi , and then trampled on by an enormous elephant with the new viceroy seated on its back . '', 
  as the resistance swelled , he announced : `` i hate indians . 
  they are a beastly people with a beastly religion . '', 
  this hatred killed . 
  to give just one , major , example , in 1943 a famine broke out in bengal , caused -- as the nobel prize-winning economist amartya sen has proved -- by the imperial policies of the british . 
  up to 3 million people starved to death while british officials begged churchill to direct food supplies to the region . 
  he bluntly refused . 
  he raged that it was their own fault for `` breeding like rabbits '' . 
  at other times , he said the plague was `` merrily '' culling the population . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/not-his-finest-hour-the-dark-side-of-winston-churchill-2118317.html ), 
  nobody denies this , yet you can not make claims on individual cases without evidence . 
  this is not how it works , even if dissidents are at risk . 
  a reasonable conclusion is always based on hard facts , not pure conjecture . 
   wow , it 's really surprising that anyone who goes against putin 's government wants to get involved in dangerous activities !,
