  you had the absolute hardliners that emerged out of the revolution and had never left their country , but with every generation people bought into it less . 
  the same is happening in china . 
  i do n't really see how this is supposed to be mutually exclusive . 
  the iranian revolution had also huge female and student support , that does n't mean that the values at the same time do n't oppress women . 
  pretty much every horrible regime has a good deal of supporters who are just nuts and do n't even value their own liberty those things can happen at the same time . 
  if someone drills into your head long enough that you 're supposed to be at the bottom of the food chain chances are you 're going to accept it at some point . 
  that unconscious mechanism is the danger of any ideology, 
  weeaboos on the internet love to promote japan as the kind of heaven on earth for women because there 's no evil foreigners and whatnot , but go talk to people who actually work there . 
  the country is insanely reactionary as far as the role of women in society is concerned . 
  yes , they actually do . 
  every prosperous region in china is a special economic zone and basically a clone of a western metropolis . 
  singapore is westernized as fuck and saudi arabia is essentially cosplaying at this point . 
  for the saudi gov. 
  mekka is a theme park all the wealth generating places have essentially adopted liberal attitudes and pushed the traditional stuff to the periphery . 
  dubai is a city out of a western sci-fi movie . 
  have you seen how the princes live ? 
   those liberal ideas and morals are inherent to the whole west . 
  outside the western world these ideals and morals have no value . 
  they have , because they 're not only ideals but also successful . 
  go to any place that thrives on this planet and you 'll find those same ideas implemented . 
  nothing has produced more prosperity on the planet than the post-war liberal order . 
  it 's a rather toxic thing though . 
  to claim ` ownership ' of a discussion and special insight based on your territorial or historic position that outsiders ca n't grasp is quite literally a pre modern idea . 
  i 'd like to think that we can all talk about things based on their content and that we 'll not exclude anybody from a discussion because the 're hailing from this or that country . 
  reminds me of the article about the woman who was voted out of her swiss village because she complained about the cowbells and the villagers punished her by denying her citizenship . 
  we quite literally need to openly disagree about things ( with some basic level of civility of course ) if we want to have the best solutions . 
  britons should be able to voice their opinion about germany and vice versa without everybody being salty, 
  well if we all know nothing we 're still all equally unqualified !, 
  seriously telling other people on a multinational internet board that they should n't express their opinion simply because they 're not part of your tribe is problematic and bad form for very obvious reasons . 
   suddenly europeans seem to be an expert in british affairs , they know everything about our political culture , our political and class system , they 100 % i do n't really know why this should be a requirement to have a discussion , but for what it 's worth most people probably have at least a basic understanding of the troubles because it 's been a very significant event in modern european history . 
  i mean i would n't doubt that you know a good deal about the german reunification either . 
  it 's not like this is some obscure thing that you only know about if your bloodline goes back to king george , separatism in all of europe was a fairly big deal during the 60s-80 's . 
  do you think it is a good idea to complain about the little englander stereotype and then begin your post with `` the fuck do the foreigners know '' ? 
  more importantly they both have very recent experiences with far-right dictatorships and the public awareness usually immunizes against the stuff for a few generations . 
  the wall thing is still unamerican no matter who advocates it , muslim registry too . 
  trump is n't the first american who toyed with authoritarian ideas , i do n't know what this is supposed to proof . 
  also from your own source  some 150,000 to 200,000 people subscribe to racist publications , attend their marches and rallies , and donate money . 
  approximately 100 hatelines are in operation , with recorded messages that propagandize the caller with hate-motivated speeches and publicize upcoming meetings and rallies . 
  because of their increasingly sophisticated use of the media and electronic technology , there are 150 independent racist radio and television shows that air weekly and reach hundreds of thousands of sympathizers . 
  why are you so hellbent on trying to play this down ? 
  could have gone with this number . 
  not to mention that there 's a pretty rich history of anti-semitic conspiracy theories , holocaust denial groups , organisations like the kkk and so on . 
  especially in the religious white protestant demographic there 's a lot of this stuff . 
  fascism originated in europe , yes . 
  that does n't mean it 's geographically limited to the region . 
  there 's nothing special in the european soil that breeds fascism that is n't available anywhere else . 
  trump is not a small government advocate , he is an authoritarian as seen in any of his proposed programs that completely break with basic american traditions . 
  see the mexican wall or the proposed muslim registry , open admiration for torture and so on . 
  and do n't tell me that there is not a huge base of white supremacy in the us . 
  it 's a historically marginalised minority yes , but it exists . 
  i think aesthetically hr was more interesting than md , which just looked like a modern hl 2 cool metro though finland, 
  the guy honestly did n't deserve more than 10 % of the vote . 
  that he barely lost the popular vote does n't really matter , half of the country is basically insane . 
  he bragged about sexual assault man, 
  i 'm just giving you the pros and cons of the system . 
  when all laws are made in westminster and there is no codified check on the parliament 's power you better have some backup . 
  in the case of the uk this is all the traditionalist stuff you 're carrying around . 
  i 'm not saying its optimal , but if you do n't want to create a constitutional republic you better have * something * in place . 
  all power in one institution is a pretty bad idea . 
  i do n't see how this is a naive statement in the sense of `` america is the freest country '' or whatever your monarchy is neat , it 's your plebiscites that suck, 
  ... which is an even much more fundamental and intrusive version of ` nanny-statism ' * because * it actually intrudes your personal life , just like the metaphorical nanny would . 
  in fact , why would wealth distribution without the personal involvement even considered to be nanny-like ? 
  the western/british version of the welfare state usually leaves you the hell alone, 
  yes , it 's really funny in a way . 
  most atheism nowadays is really stuck in a vulgar spot . 
  there 's a great part about this in b. brecht 's * stories of mr. keuner * :  someone asked herr keuner if there is a god . 
  herr keuner said : i 'd advise you to think about how your behavior would change with regard to the answer to this question . 
  if it would not change , then we can drop the question . 
  if it would change , then i can help you at least insofar as i can tell you : you have already decided : you need a god . 
  most of the internet audience seemed to have switched from `` i need religion ! '', 
  to `` i must attack religion !, 
  '' , which really is much more of a teenage rebellion than an emancipation . 
  no , not in any actual way without doing shitty semantic tricks . 
  the us government is fundamentally permeated by religious people and ideas . 
  abortion rights , home schooling , creationism , low participation of women , the unpopularity of open atheists and so on . . 
  in no field of politics is germany even remotely as influenced by religion as the united states . 
  huh yeah apparently they still pay some bishop salaries , monasteries and bishops for public functions . 
  did n't know that . 
  is only a fraction of the tax sum though . 
  doubt that this makes us a theocracy or something, 
  no , the state just collects taxes on behalf of the church paid only by its members . 
  we educate priests in public universities though , which is very good so they do n't actually end up being crazy village shamans our churches are essentially secularised in the sense that they are fully compatible with civil society, 
   muh nanny state you think singapore is not a nanny state ? 
  from lee kuan yew 's biography * from third world to first * in response to the claim that singapore 's state exercises massive power over society : `` if singapore is a nanny state , then i am proud to have fostered one . '', 
  not to mention that singapore is literally a city and every fifth or sixth singaporean is a cash millionaire . 
  if you actually have a non-urban population and a middle and lower class this tax haven model has a few big problems, 
  and yet it played a crucial role in stabilising the democracy when it counted the most . 
  which is its function in constitutional monarchies . 
  well at times the function is largely symbolic but you never know , look at the spanish monarchy 's role during the democratic transition . 
  it 's not a check on secularism , it 's a check on absolute majority rule . 
  which is indeed very european . 
  democracy is n't a strawpoll . 
  no major british church is ` religious ' in a way that would conflict with secular society anyway . 
  remind yourself , secular society tolerates religion and religious opinion and values its input in discourse . 
  secularism is not state atheism . 
   i think that i could have taken his past talks and given them to anyone , on either side of the issue , and they 'd at least have been willing to listen . 
  on this one , i think that people who want a hard brexit might cut him off partway through . 
  well his job is to give his honest opinion and analysis , not to appease any specific listener, 
  in the uk traditional institutions like the church and the monarchy exist to provide checks and balances to counteract parliamentary sovereignty , so ` throwing them out ' without a system overhaul seems like a pretty bad idea . 
  i 'm pretty sure not enough seats are open in 2018 to change any majorities ?
