  here 's an old campaign poster ( [ from 1998 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/94/kas-politischer_gegner%2c_spd_pds-bild-2870-1.jpg ) ) pds was the sed 's ( east german governing party ) successor . 
  well it would at least make it more authentic , whether it 's acceptable probably depends on your political leanings . 
  at least the argument that this are just ` bored college kids ' is n't really meaningful when it 's actually disenfranchised people protesting . 
  which is usually the case in france . 
  what i would say about it being acceptable , i think at least that every discussion about political violence should be dispassionate . 
  this ` zoom in ' nonsense on a burning policeman neglects why these people are resorting to violence in the first place . 
  it 's the equivalent of ` think of the children !, 
  `` dress up '' as in rich kids metaphorically ` dressing up ' as working class . 
  i know that they all wear black . 
  would n't exactly bet on it , working class protests in france usually actually have working class members . 
  this anarcho-dress up thing is mostly the us where left-wing riots are pretty new and focused around college campuses, 
  that made me remember an old article about this topic http://www.weeklystandard.com/report-trump-plans-return-of-cia-black-sites/article/2006509 there is actually a somewhat serious point in this . 
  fiction is entirely obsessed with insurgency groups overthrowing evil empires , but we actually * never * get to see what happens on the day after the coup . 
  i think it was zizek who said that he 'd `` sell his mother into slavery to see v for vendetta part 2 '' after the people capture the government . 
  slow down there mr. stakhanov, 
  banning holocaust denial is n't done for the reason of stopping people to believe that the holocaust is n't real . 
  obviously anybody who believes this stuff is completely nuts and will not be convinced by a ban either . 
  the purpose of banning such thing is to draw a line and erect a taboo . 
  it 's making clear that civil society has lines that you can not cross , and that if you do you find yourself outside of society . 
  it 's a public statement against relativism or normalisation of such statements . 
  even the people who deny the holocaust probably know that it happened . 
  what they want to achieve with these statements is to make things that you could not say before palpable . 
  and if they manage to do that they can poison the well of entirely different discussions . 
  [ come on ... we already know his true family ] ( http://imgur.com/a/l7vg7 ) they honestly look like some scientist tried to build the \u00fcbermensch in his basement and the experiment went wrong, 
   there is no tradition of limitless freedom of speech in poland . 
  there 's no tradition of any limitless law in any country . 
  this whole argument is so fucking stupid , why does reddit keep upvoting it you ca n't go wherever you want because freedom of movement has limitations . 
  ca n't be anonymous at a protest , ca n't wear overtly religious symbols in public offices . 
  ca n't have absolute security and take weapons wherever you want , nobody has full control over their money or body either , we wo n't let you sell your organs or sell your children and we collect some of your hard labour to finance the commons . 
  so big surprise ... freedom of speech has limitations to , to balance it with all the other rights we consider important . 
  nope , that does not make us north korea . 
  in fact the lack of absolutism of * any kind * is what defines mature democracies . 
  sorry but what is the authoritarian left , all i hear left-wingers talk about is ` decentralization ' , direct democracy and non-party politics . 
  i 'd actually be happy if they were more authoritarian, 
  is this supposed to be banter lol . 
  i need a socialist textbook to recognise that systemic mispricing on stockmarkets is a phenomenon ? 
  you 've forgotten the asset bubble that happened a few years ago and wiped away 5 trillion dollars worth of value ? 
  and two decades before that in japan ? 
  at the height of japanese asset speculation the emperor 's palace was evaluated to be worth more than the state of california, 
  but also modelled after the french state . 
  they kind of kicked this whole ` elite bureaucracy ' thing off and in france it still exists to this day with the grandes \u00e9coles system . 
  it 's actually a really great way to keep dictators in check too . 
  the russian tsars absolutely hated it because they feared that it would ` sever the connection between the tsar and his people ' . 
  the much dreaded deep state is actually pretty good at keeping tyrants in check, 
  fun fact , the thing was so huge that it did n't actually work on the normal railsystem , they had to build one only for it . 
  it also took hundreds of people to operate . 
  who thought that this was a good idea, 
  i generally like the system too for the reasons you gave , but the point about extremism is ambiguous . 
  it 's only true as long as extremists run on outsider platforms , as soon as they try to subvert the systems from within the two parties ( that naturally emerge ) they rapidly gain power . 
  in the uk historically the fabians used this to reform labour towards socialism . 
  in the us the tea party and the republican base have successfully used this to win the election . 
  if you combine fptp with some other flat voting system ( like primaries ) you can easily fall victim to extremist movements . 
  yeah a self-declared white supremacist running an organisation called ` slavic power ' uses ` ss ' to allude to the soviet union . 
  math checks out . 
  you 're not stupid enough to believe that yourself right . 
  a guy campaigning for an autonomous ethnic russian state wants the soviet union back . 
  makes perfect sense, 
  you do n't need hindsight for this . 
  someone who has barely sold any cars should never be evaluated higher than the biggest companies on the planet . 
  this is n't some silly app that you can ship to a billion people on the app store , successfully scaling car production to the level of the big players takes decades . 
  the only correct mindset when someone comes to you and tells you that they are going to uproot decades of established businesses and technologies on a global scale , like tesla or theranos is * immediate suspicion * . 
  his newest idea is a company called neuralink . 
  apparently he wants to put chips into people 's heads to do . . whatever . 
  i work in computer science , this is absolute science fiction . 
  do you know how much money i 'd get if i 'd try to pitch this idea to somebody ? 
  that there are tons of companies around who exist on empty words alone , and have been ever since the first stock market came into existence . 
  stock markets , especially today more than ever , evaluate on hype and expectations , not real metrics . 
  theranos was literally worth nothing . 
  it was run by a scam artist who was lauded as the next [ ` steve jobs ' ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2014/12/15/blood-simpler ) . 
  it was all hot air , nobody even bothered to look , * although scientists pointed out that the technology was suspicious * . 
  but yeah let 's make her global business ambassador and give her a stanford honorary degree . 
  it 's all a giant circlejerk . 
  tesla sells a few ten thousand cars per quarter . 
  volkswagen , general motors and so on sell ten million cars a year . 
  the market capitalization of tesla is absolutely ridiculous . 
  what is supposed to be the tesla magic ? 
  putting an electrical motor into a car ? 
  wow !, 
  he 's the champion of doing what everybody else does but slapping the word `` giga '' and `` hyper '' on it . 
  that 's it . 
  you 've heard it here folks , the guy who annexed crimea three years ago is a `` western puppet '' , and only the real russian ^ tm navalny can save the nation . 
  for everybody who has made it far enough down this rabbit hole of a comment chain , this is exactly why navalny is dangerous, 
   he is n't that incompetent , tesla is worth a lot of money . 
  you can not build a company with empty words . 
  lol , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theranos or for the historically inclined https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_sea_company, 
  it 's people who think that watching ted talks or bill nye on youtube is `` science '' . 
  that 's just about it . 
  it 's a secular religion . 
  putin is an autocrat sure , but he 's not the far right . 
  not even by a stretch . 
  there 's much worse currents in russian politics . 
  if all the opposition can muster up is extremists dressed up as dissidents who run on ethnic separatist populism then i 'd prefer that russia is run by putin . 
  i provided two sources in this comment chain . 
  peter hitchens and radio free europe . 
  where the fuck is this salon nonsense coming from ? 
  or are you telling me a british conservative and an american news organisation are in the pockets of the russian deep state ? 
  navalny is an asshole , it 's that simple . 
  just because you 're opposed to putin does n't mean you can ally up with every zealot you find on the street . 
   i 'd rather him use more harsh language in that case , so that he could be more appealing to the far right and thus muster extra support among them . 
  yeah you 're doing a really great job of disproving my point by actually calling on him to rally nazi supporters .
