  what self-respecting nationalist is going to let foreigners tell him what to do ? 
  you think far-right nationalists have never cooperated throughout history for opportunistic reasons ? 
  and they 're absolutely not hurting their cause , these ` alternative news ' ( read : propaganda ) sites very successfully distort discourse . 
  '' * l\u00fcgenpresse * '' / media establishment distrust is incredibly high and to a large degree fuelled by rags like breitbart . 
  this ran on public tv a few months ago , i 've never been that mad in quite a while , the guy is such an arsehole . 
  it actually has a fair bit of discussion , / de is just memes . 
  third time 's the charm, 
  this did n't make any sense to begin with , obama 's administration initiated the pivot to asia and as / u/ibmthink pointed out tpp was part of this . 
  this also included unconditional support for allies such as south korea or japan , another topic on which trump has created concern through his '' . . only if they pay their bills '' rhetoric . 
  the whole position of trump concerning this is inconsistent , i do n't think he genuinely understands the mechanics of international politics . 
  i was n't appealing to civil society because of it 's tradition , but because of it 's universal value that judges people based on merit and their behaviour and common rules , not some nonsense about ancestors . 
  and no , you 're not describing diversity , you 're describing segregation . 
  diversity exists in multicultural societies just as much as anywhere else . 
  nothing is ` washed out ' , it coexists . 
  you can cut the ethnopluralist jargon , it 's racism without using the word ` race ' . 
  i honestly do n't know if you think you 're presenting original stuff here . 
  this is standard far-right talk that guys came up with in the 80 's to justify segregation . 
  given that your post history is full of anti-semitic shit i probably do n't need to tell you this , you can fuck right off to your the donald cave . 
   regarding ethnic nationalism : what 's wrong with wanting your country to remain ethnically homogeneous as it has for centuries ? 
  we are a civil society , not a tribal one . 
  it matters what you bring to the table , not what 's in your dna . 
  we also did n't have electricity for centuries , appeals to past centuries do n't really have any merit . 
  true , things are changing very fast at the moment , this does n't mean anybody is justified to run over to political parties which do not stand on firm civil , democratic grounds . 
  everybody has problems , these people are n't special snowflakes , they have agency . 
  i do n't actually consider them to be idiots , if i 'd do that i could n't even blame them . 
  they 're much too dangerous and politically active to be belittled . 
  in a democracy people need to be able to tolerate strain . 
  if you 've asked these people before the refugee crisis whether they support sweden 's commitment to asylum and open door policies a lot of them would have said yes . 
  well now this has become reality , ca n't be a nice weather democrat . 
  which is also why there 's no need to give in . 
  these parties are racists , many of the followers are not . 
  they 'll come around again . 
  people 's passions change very fast . 
  if sweden 's citizens were as deeply sceptical as the rise of the sd suggests they 'd have gotten rid of their values decades ago . 
  the sweden democrats have their roots in the 1980 's white supremacist movement . 
  just because they 've put on a few suits they 've not suddenly stopped serving the same clientele . 
  they draw from the same festering mob that votes fn in france and afd in germany . 
  they 're authoritarian ethnic nationalists no matter how often they try to dilute it . 
  there is no monopoly on power . 
  people vote , their representatives govern , just like i 'm not a left-winger because i do n't normalise these idiots every other party is n't part of a cartel just because they disagree with the sd . 
  maybe everybody disagrees with them because their opinions suck . 
  it 's a nice reflex though that 's symptomatic for their inability to understand how pluralistic democracy works . 
  i 'm not a left-winger more of a conservative , i just hate these tasteless populist twats . 
  stop using the word reasonable like you have a monopoly on it, 
  i think this `` do n't call racsists racists '' meta thing is hurled around far too often, 
  sure , i was n't arguing at all against reasonable policy adjustments or change when necessary , just about the general tone right now that calls for drastic measures that would starkly change the character of our nation or how we conduct politics . 
  albeit a little slowly we are generally moving into a good direction . 
  germany is a state , an administrative region . 
  it 's good at a lot of things and bad at others . 
  when it 's bad at something you delegate sovereignty up or down , but it 's not supposed to be some kind of real entity on a mission or something . 
  that has always ended rather badly . 
  this does n't mean that you need to do away with german cultures or traditions . 
  you can celebrate those , just keep it personal and not political . 
   are n't you a country ? 
  not really and that is basically the core of the problem . 
  many people today are jumping back to the nation state as some source of security or value because we 're living in pretty tumultuous times . 
  problem is of course that they also get angry or afraid when the nation struggles . 
  i 'm starting to sympathise with religious folks , their gods are usually a little more resilient and reliable . 
  do n't mistake pragmatism or merkel 's governing style for lack of vision of values . 
  she has those ( as seen in the refugee ` crisis ' ) but they 're limited and deep and not broad . 
  this emotional , paternalistic style of government that people are asking for is dangerous and dysfunctional . 
  and many people are asking for radical change on many issues , including dismantling of the eu institutions or going back to * jus sanguinis * citizenship . 
  we really do n't need any ` social transformation ' , in fact we 've had enough of those already . 
  one principle of modern democratic societies is individual liberty , if you want transformation , transform away but we 're not some kind of collective that needs anything . 
  seems like people need a little reminder nowadays that individual liberty is the foundation of any western state . 
  schmidt was just as much of a pragmatist as merkel is now . 
  so was kohl . 
  germany is doing well , we 're a little slow but we 're moving forward . 
  there 's no need for revolutions or radical change . 
  if we 've learned anything it is that mercurial loudmouths do n't help anybody . 
  a lot of talk recently about how established parties are supposed to ` renew ' their brand . 
  social democrats should become social democrats again , conservatives should be conservative again and then everything will be golden . 
  it 's unfortunate though that the world is n't quite as easy and small any more and as helmut schmidt put it `` people who have visions should go see their doctor '' . 
  i like merkel 's pragmatic form of government underpinned by a staunch commitment to post-war liberal values ( in the broad sense ) . 
  her governing style is about fixing pot holes one after another which is n't particularly cool but it 's better than switching radicals out every four or eight years and making no progress . 
  which as we have seen over the last few years is not as relevant as it sounds . 
  if demographic realities would determine everything trump would not have won , israel would not exist , and the us would not have been stalemated in vietnam . 
  small ideologically consolidated groups can project a lot of power . 
  35h work week has n't actually reduced effective work hours as most low-income earners have adopted additional part time or unregistered work which often is more detrimental than just working one regular job at more hours . 
  it 's just a populist measure like rent caps , it does n't work . 
   almost 3 decades of pushing the fantasy that the economics is the exact science akin to math ( while it 's somewhere between social psychology and astrology ) has taken its toll . 
  people see that the neoliberal bullshit they 've been fed all that time turned out to be false and grown rightfully skeptical of those so called `` experts '' . 
  especially in countries like poland this ` neoliberal bullshit ' has provided them with the biggest gains in prosperity since basically ever , and not just for high earners . 
  real income has basically tripled since the 2000 's , i mean have people honestly forgotten how the country looked 20 or 30 years ago ? 
  sorry but what is `` france is n't germany '' if not some appeal to mystical folk theories because someone has run out of arguments ? 
  also ironically universalism is a value that the french came up with , it 's a pretty good concept, 
  well . . you should , that 's a big loss of purchasing power compared to 2015, 
  that 's why i did specify . 
  companies like facebook provide high end jobs for the people that did not vote for brexit , the dreaded ` urban elite ' , they rely on a low tax regime amplified by tax policies to come and the uk as an island nation obviously imports a lot of stuff . 
  if i take a look at my clothes lots of it is not produced in germany and lots of the food i eat is n't either . 
  i 'd bet good money that this is true for most people in the uk as well . 
  also unemployment is low as it is in the uk anyway . 
  so taking every one of these indicators , pushing for a weaker currency seems to be exactly the wrong thing to do . 
  the uk is hugely reliant on imports and the people enjoy a good living standard because of it . 
  now you get the most corporate government possible although that 's seemingly what people wanted to vote against . 
  makes very little sense . 
  the pound depreciation is a direct bill on consumers all over the uk , and a gift for companies as it buys competitiveness through reduced purchasing power . 
  does n't matter if it 's imported clothes , foodstuff or the new macbook . 
  given that a large part of the brexit vote seemed to be the alienation of the working class i am honestly surprised that things like this facebook investment is considered to be positive . 
  becoming a tax haven and attracting investment due to a falling pound and thus lower labour cost is kind of the opposite of making politics for the working class .
