  lol he 's changed the rhetoric a little , which pvv positions is he going to adopt ? 
  there is an asymmetry to right-wing populism . 
  the established parties give some tough talk or 5 % and take 80 % of the energy out of the populist movement . 
  merkel has recognised this long ago . 
  hell even schulz managed to syphon afd votes with a little anti-establishment banter . 
  and honestly , this is all the protest voters who ran to these parties really wanted . 
  most of them are n't extremists . 
   no one really truly believes trump is a bad guy , i do n't know what ` bad guy ' is supposed to mean , but yes i really do believe that trump is genuinely unfit to lead , a threat to the international order and an idiot to boot . 
  so do many others, 
  i think the problem with isis is more that they 're trying to build a super rapey medieval caliphate and blow people in random nations up and not that they 're trying to get rid of assad through violent means . 
  if it was only the latter and they 'd actually build a reasonable state i think this situation would be different, 
  i honestly like fptp culturally . 
  it creates stable majorities and keeps extremists out . 
   i think it was just one little diner in south carolina or something nope that happened literally in congress as well [ freedom fries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_fries ), 
  but why : (, 
  why is this man not polling at 105 % . 
  seriously , this is a really solid program, 
  http://www.dw.com/en/nazi-druid-burghard-b-detained-on-terror-charges/a-37291335 ca n't , he 's currently being held on terror charges, 
  everybody who gets a job as a result of this . 
  millions and millions of jobs in the developed world depend on international trade . 
  where are you getting the idea from that everybody lives in some autonomous mining town and does n't trade with the rest of the world ? 
  countless of jobs in our nations are dependent on international trade , and both the businesses and their employees profit from it . 
  also just looking at developing countries integrated into the world economy , they are obviously profiting from it . 
  are venezuela and cuba doing great ? 
  courts or not , countries like south korea and singapore show that integration into the world economy is vital for developing nations . 
  i think by picking the right tools for the institutions you are trying to address . 
  if you say have a sector of the economy that is extremely unequal and it is clear that the reason is preferential treatment of some group , corruption etc you could go with a quota system . 
  which is quite a strong measure but reasonable when discrimination is strong . 
  in other fields you could do things like anonymous job applications . 
  that is to say no name , no gender and only relevant information to the job up until the personal interview . 
  you can also enforce public information about wages . 
  higher transparency will it make harder for people to justify too high or low compensation etc. . 
  there 's lots of things you can do that do n't automatically harm anybody who is competent . 
  well graduation rates for women have been high for a while know , in some fields higher than male graduation rates , yet women still run into structural problems . 
  look at any hospital . 
  many female doctors , very few women being heads of department . 
  same in politics . 
  more and more women in parties , still in many countries they run into institutional problems on the highest level . 
  ( has gotten a lot better in some european countries , mainly because we aggressively enforce equality ) . 
   who literally profit the most from the best , why would n't they pick a woman if she 's good because people who are already in positions of power do n't stand to * personally * gain from replacing themselves with more qualified people . 
  not everybody in a business automatically makes the best decision for the business , but often for themselves , friends or family members . 
  at some point if you want change at an acceptable rate you have to get the sledgehammer out of the closet and clean up . 
  this stuff is n't solving itself . 
  existing bureaucratic structures who are disadvantaging a certain group do n't just fix themselves . 
  assuming that women are about as qualified as men increasing their representation to equal levels should precisely have that effect . 
  also `` just letting qualified people rule '' is pretty contradictory . 
  you do n't `` just let '' qualified people into the right positions , you have to get them there . 
  that 's a big area of concern and research for any business or institution , so i do n't know why you assume that it is something that `` just happens '' . 
  nonsense , expanding american ip protection through these trade agreements opens up giant markets in the regions . 
  otherwise they just copy and steal everyone 's shit or go protectionist . 
  you 're probably going to lose the jobs anyway as other foreign companies move to the regions and you ca n't compete , but if you negotiate the trade agreement you can do it on your terms and you can get an early foothold on the market . 
  this anti-trade talk is ridiculous . 
  people complain about the five jobs they lost but do n't see the bigger picture . 
  the structural advantages of aggressively pursuing these trade agreements far outweigh the short-term negatives . 
   the low educated are also more likely to be left behind by globalisation and are more anti-eu than the more educated people . 
  people can repeat it as often as they want and it still wo n't be true . 
  the netherlands export more goods in absolute value than the united kingdom . 
  they are one of the most deeply connected countries in the global economy . 
  pretty much every dutch job in one way or another depends on and profits from globalisation . 
   electronic voting would be fine if it printed out a couple receipts . 
  you 've just created the world 's most expensive pencil, 
  well maybe i was a little harsh in my initial posts but the other guy rustled my jimmies by suggesting that politics is all good fun and that we can be friends at the end of the day . 
  that 's only true if you are n't affected by these shit tier politicians and incredibly facetious . 
  anyway what i 'm saying is not that we 're supposed to hang those guys from the lamppost but that we need to be very firm in our values . 
  we do n't need to give them anything . 
  we can say `` we get that you have problems and that we 've neglected them '' but we can never give in to the demagogic politics . 
  i do n't have much sympathy for people who empower those guys either . 
  we all are scared of something , his followers do n't have a monopoly on personal troubles . 
  we do n't all run off to extremist parties . 
  in fact someone who is conscious about wilders and * still * supports him is arguably worse than one of his zealots . 
  a vote for wilders is a vote , intentions are really secondary . 
  and again , a social taboo works wonders . 
  how often has anybody ever changed their mind through an argument ? 
  that we are all enlightened people who can be swayed by a good conversation is just a romantic idea . 
  if that were the case we 'd not have wilders or trump in the first place . 
  you have to understand that these people are intolerant . 
  they do n't care about arguing , they just want to win . 
  when tolerant people do not fight back they lose , because they are willing to give in while the extremists wo n't . 
  yep i do n't get that criticism here in germany either . 
  i really ca n't complain . 
  compared to the rest of the global clowncar i 'll take the status quo every day, 
  protestants in europe can be quite progressive , for many eastern german ones it was a form of resistance against the gdr , basically liberation theology . 
  i also think that 's more of a cultural prejorative for deeply religious americans . 
  anglo-saxon is just a neutral geographical/historical term, 
   canada , australia and nz still look pretty sane so catholics , prisoners and people with questionable relationships to hoofed animals are thriving i think the lesson to be learned is that you need to stay away from the damn protestant puritans, 
  says who exactly ? 
  not every victim of crime turns into a political extremist . 
  in fact i 've not seen a single one come out in favour of the parties that tried to utilise them for their cause . 
  nobody actually buys this desperate tactic , nice try though . 
  hello there 14 day old troll account , given that young female voters overwhelmingly reject the far-right sausage fest what makes you think they do n't agree with my position ? 
  not bad i 'm doing fine . 
  actually living here instead of commenting from an american basement helps, 
  you should also take them personally if they affect your fellow citizens because in this case they have a hard time being represented . 
  and no shunning their fucking voters will not harden their conviction . 
  we shun them pretty well here in germany and have pushed them below 10 % again . 
  i absolutely hate this yuppie attitude towards far-right parties , you do n't have to respect their crappy views , which only legitimises them , as twain put it `` never argue with a fool , onlookers may not be able to tell the difference . '', 
   one thing i like about our political culture is that we do n't tend to make things personally or disregard people because of their leaning . 
  how exactly can you take wilder 's positions not personally ? 
  `` hey yo i hate your religion and want to ban your scripture but do n't take that personally mkay '' this is n't a football game you know . 
  i ca n't offend wilders voters and their precious feelings while there are real people on the receiving end of their politics ?
