  socialised healthcare in europe , that is what it is literally called , is a * publicly * managed system of resources , distributed to everybody 's need at a price that everybody can afford . 
  this is a socialist principle at work . 
  yes , it nationalises the means of production in the sector of healthcare . 
  it has n't failed us . 
  empirical evidence shows that it is a very efficient system to organise this sector of the economy . 
  i do n't need to be desperate , i do n't have anything to proof here . 
  yes we all get it you have the ussr trauma and get scared when people talk about socialist things , get over it please . 
  well that would be a pretty cheap trick but i really do n't know if there 's precedent to raise age above adulthood you 're not solving the de-facto problem anyway . 
  a two class law is bad . 
  this would definitely be challenged on constitutional grounds here , and for good reason . 
  social democracy is the combination of socialist and capitalist ideas . 
  a subset of our policies can be legitimately called socialist . 
  the healthcare sector of most european countries is publicly managed , distributes resources based on need and collects resources from everyone based on their capabilities . 
  that 's a working socialist system . 
  it does n't stop being socialist because you break out in hives if you hear the word . 
  that was the idea , to de facto cap the salary , like a negative interest rate on money in the bank, 
  is this legal ? 
  you 'd essentially create a two tiered legal status based on birth year . 
  sounds shabby , if you want to ban smoking ban it for everyone, 
  because we let the people who are sick decide if they want to die ? 
  if you do n't want to be operated at 90 years that 's your decision , but we 're not going to deny anybody care, 
  you do n't need to be a carbon copy of singapore to learn some good lessons from the country . 
  the focus on a metric driven , pretty much corruption free government that 's fairly pro-active is something that in our economic environment , pretty much most countries can benefit from . 
  also it is very notable that they essentially never backed out of unpopular policy making if it made sense at the time . 
  in a zero sum game one person 's gain is another person 's loss . 
  that 's * not * the case here . 
  education , open trade etc. . is mutually beneficial , everybody can profit from this at the same time . 
  that 's why it surely can work for all countries , if they are willing to create the environment for it . 
  i do n't really see the fundamental problem . 
  singapore did n't play a zero sum game . 
  they put exceptional focus on the rule of law , economic attractiveness for investment and education backed by a powerful state and smart incentives . 
  in principle everybody can do this . 
  many countries in europe are in an easier position than singapore was estonia is actually on a pretty good course to be a european version of it . 
  i think it was clear and cameron had explitly stated that he , as someone being opposed to the leave option , could not be the person negotiating the brexit . 
  the implication was always that the leadership would be replaced , people were well aware of this . 
  yep every form of protectionism comes with a price ticket , no matter if it 's import tariffs or dumping your currency , citizens will always pay the price and in the end you 're just closing yourself up and driving the knowledge and capital out . 
  hurts a little but pushing through the reforms to stay competitive in an open environment is a huge plus . 
  everybody should just look at singapore , they 've built a first world country out of nothing with effort . 
  that is equally true for le pen , kicking france out of the eu is supposed to be less harmful than reduced taxes ? 
  electing a wannabe fascist because you 're concerned about a few years of liberal market policies is a very strange way to balance priorities . 
  no way in hell should anybody elect le pen just because they disagree with filions econ positions . 
  he ca n't or would n't dismantle the whole welfare state anyway , it 's still france we 're talking about . 
  they 'd chop his head off . 
  the far-right usually incorporates left-wing ideas like a working class vanguard , le pen is leading a national socialist party in the literal sense . 
  that traditionally places you further right on the political spectrum than just being a run of the mill conservative . 
  well car accidents or climate change does n't ` just happen ' either . 
  they 're all subject to political measures of one kind or the other . 
  so either way the point is valid , there is undue focus on terrorism . 
  it 's not more or less of an political issue than anything else . 
  bullshitting and spreading vast amount of information has actually overtaken censorship as a means of control like thirty years ago the whole ` censorship ' debate is an anachronism . 
  well not only is the public a significant shareholder in the company through the state of saxony ( 13 % of the capital share , 20 % of the vote ) but there exists a social contract in germany between business and society . 
  we 're not laissez-faire america , we 're a lot closer to japan in this regard . 
  corporations have social obligations in this country ( reflected in the healthcare and pension system for example ) , on the flip-side they often enjoy substantial influence in politics and social affairs . 
  companies here are cultural and social institutions , not just legal entities , we 'd never fine vw the way the us does . 
  we can expect that they keep their part of the contract up as well . 
  this is why the emission scandal is such a big deal here . 
  in the us they go `` well just fine the shit out of them , where 's my refund '' , here in germany the first reaction is basically `` huh , i thought we 're better than this '' . 
  business in germany almost always reflects values to a degree , not just contracts . 
  how is a social democratic / social liberal government ` neo-liberalism ' ? 
  or do you use the term to denote anything between communism and fascism ? 
  i 'd honestly prefer that to red/red/green and i 'm a spd member . 
  but i 'd obviously prefer a centre-left coalition if that was somehow possible . 
  many greens are already talking about black/green and the most influential people like the kretsch or \u00d6zdemir are basically conservative already . 
  if that 's possible fdp/spd can be too . 
  i 'd really , really like a spd/green/fdp coalition at some point , but the fdp has ditched all the social liberals sadly, 
  i 'm actually not a really big fan of expanding security policies in general , but consolidating and centralising them is actually a good idea . 
  the local * verfassungsschutz * branches have their american version of `` states rights '' going on , everybody just needs to look at the nsu mess . 
  more w\u00f6rking less complaining more seriously , apprenticeship and trade schools instead of pushing for university enrollment . 
  biggest problem for some countries seems to be transitioning youth from schools to jobs . 
  i do n't think bavarians are going to ever be happy , and frankly i do n't really care . 
  this is about survival of the european union at this point ( not just the eurozone any more ) . 
  if people do n't get this provincial mindset out of their heads we have a very big problem . 
  and again , we do n't need to increase taxes , just get rid of the zero debt policy . 
  wrong way around , that is * why they are so far apart * , this is like bavaria stopping to pay into our social systems . 
  not only would this be bad for everybody else and increase inequality , it would also be bad for bavaria because it would result in a net welfare loss and destabilization . 
  if you want to export shit you actually need someone who is able to afford that stuff . 
  if nobody buys your crap you 're screwed as well . 
  germany exports mainly into the european union , a recovering periphery is * good * for germany . 
  there is no contradiction here , a transfer union is mutually beneficial . 
  we do n't need to increase taxes either . 
  just get rid of the idiotic * schuldenbremse * , we can borrow at 0 % interest . 
  another irrationality of the german economy , people think debt is bad for some reason and turn everything into a distribution debate . 
  you can actually borrow money , there 's nothing wrong with it, 
  the alternative is a slowly decaying eurozone without economic recovery and a lost generation in multiple european countries . 
  these are the two alternatives , compared to this overcoming some political and bureaucratic hurdles is a joke . 
  and with the eu continuing on the current path we 'll have most eu governments run by extremists soon enough . 
  at the end of this is the complete end of the liberal post war order . 
  i 'm not really sure people understand entirely what 's at play here . 
  there is no alternative framework without a transfer union , we need a transfer union , because otherwise trade imbalances pile up on the european periphery ruining our investment and their employment and growth . 
  additionally to that we need to stop austerity politics . 
  no mainstream economist supports the euro under the current framework of austerity politics , which only exacerbates it 's structural problems . 
  it 's not an extremist political issue . 
  and no , german economists largely do not fall into that group ( bofinger exlcuded ) , they 've been pushing for policy solutions that have been rejected decades ago , the disastrous results can be observed by anybody . 
  compare us and uk [ post recession growth ] ( http://cdn.theatlantic.com/static/mt/assets/business/usvsez1.png ) and [ unemployment to the eurozone ] ( http://z822j1x8tde3wuovlgo7ue15.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/eurous.png ) . 
  greenwald is useless on this topic . 
  i still remember him defending assange when he started his ` news show ' on rt. 
  this is how you get napoleon, 
  well after 2016 i 've had enough change for a decade, 
  austria and germany are so similar economically and politically ( compared to other nations ) that all these ` local injustices ' balance out at some point . 
  maybe med students go to austria but on the other hand austrians might pick up a german engineering degree , learn a trade at a big german company , sells their goods to a german manufacturer etc. . point being is that all these little frictions level out when you zoom out a little .
