  get out, 
  then you should n't frame leadership as something that needs to be in accordance with popular opinion . 
  obviously the moment when a leader acts * against * popular opinion is exactly the moment where they show leadership . 
  because that 's the nature of leadership , making a judgement on your own . 
  because it grossly neglects the achievement of individual rights , and it also neglects expertise in decision making processes . 
  one person can be more capable and qualified to make a judgement than 100 . 
  capable people can be drowned out when ignorant people show up in large numbers , and we should n't really allow that to happen . 
  we are especially vulnerable to this since social media became big , which effectively functions as a megaphone for people who were formerly marginalised for good reason . 
  not to mention that the population , as a group , behaves erratically and `` what they want '' can very much change over the course of a week or a few months . 
  we have seen topics move in and out of public interest repeatedly know , and public opinion often contradicted itself . 
  so how is democracy supposed to show what people want if the people apparently do n't know it themselves ? 
  well investment is in general a big problem in germany . 
  both private businesses and the state are running a surplus and for some reason nobody thinks it 's a good idea to pump money into our infrastructure while we can basically borrow at 0 % . 
  we routinely fall below oecd avg . 
  in this regard which is pretty terrible for a country that wants to stay on top of innovation . 
  maybe we should go to space or something or whatever it takes for sch\u00e4uble to pull the money out of the mattress . 
   democracy is about applying the will of people wait , but you just did . 
  if a leader applies ` the will of the people ' instead of actually leading they act against their own beliefs for political gain, 
   democracy is about applying the will of people says who ? 
  to apply the will of the people you do n't need a democracy , mob rule exists without intervention . 
  no , democracy is maintaining the state of law , the rights of the individual and due process . 
  democracy precisely puts an end to populism , which is demagoguery . 
  that 's what leaders do , what else do you need a leader for ? 
  you 're only willing to submit to authority if the authority always agrees with you ? 
  the constant provincialism that shows up when we 're talking about these infrastructure issues is a really big problem in germany for policy makers . 
  cheap living , centrally connected , can move if the job changes . 
  houses are expensive , you 'll likely have to take on debt , you ca n't move etc. . 
  imagine what provides more utility in a modern economy . 
  high home-ownership rate produces fragmented small towns , where as soon as one industry leaves everything turns into a ghost town and the houses turn from an asset into a huge problem . 
  us suffers from this with it 's suburban obsession , many other countries too . 
  look at the past elections . 
  2012 turnout at the same time was about 27 % and final turnout was 75 % . 
  well secularism and democracy are orthogonal , can run an atheist dictatorship or stateless religious communes , both have been around, 
  maybe he browses / r/shittyaskscience and thinks it is actual research, 
   i think it is from the corporate mentality of trying to appeal to as many as possible without any thought to integrity or ethics no , this is a bottom-up phenomenon of people distrusting established institutions because pushing this kind of relativism empowers them . 
  for decades now we 've decried expertise and hierarchies and told everybody that their opinion is valuable simply because it is their opinion . 
  the ` free speech ' hype-train on platforms like reddit is the primary example of this . 
  the value of speech is not determined by the content of the speech , but simply by virtue of someone speaking . 
  questions will spring up like `` who determines what is correct ? 
  '' , `` who are you to tell me xy '' and so on . 
  and businesses might be opportunistically profit from it , but at the end of the day they 're the target of it as well . 
  just like scientists , politicians , public intellectuals and so on . 
  we absolutely do n't punish anybody lightly or without them having done anything . 
  if you post `` gas the jews '' publicly on facebook you 've just announced this to hundreds or thousands of people , that 's not nothing . 
  this is no less real than doing this on a marketplace just because you can do it in front of a computer now . 
  nobody can or will be punished for thinking something , but public speech really is an * act * . 
  equal pay for equal work also is an important part of upholding everyone 's dignity and i do n't think many people are opposed to this ? 
  i 'm certainly not . 
  discrimination against foreigners obviously should not exist . 
  often they are paid less though because they work worse paying jobs , and that is more difficult to fix . 
  ( and not an issue of dignity any more in the same sense ) . 
  obviously if you infringe on the dignity of others you partially forfeit your rights . 
  after all we regularly punish people who violate the rights of others and take their own rights away in the process . 
  and no , i do n't get to decide what human dignity means , it 's a constitutional principle . 
  human dignity is defined as an individual 's physical and psychological integrity and well-being , especially concerning central parts of their identity . 
  their religion , their nationality , their gender and so on . 
  in other countries those are called ` protected classes ' . 
  if you infringe on them you violate someone 's dignity . 
  it 's not a terribly abstract or complicated concept . 
  yes , self-defence is legitimate but the gun culture significantly influences the threshold of what people perceive as legitimate self-defence . 
  can you stand your ground anywhere ? 
  can you blast some petty thieves head off and ask questions later ? 
  the degree of violence used varies wildly depending on how lenient you are with granting people these rights and i would rather want to stay on the side of restraint . 
  switzerland does n't count . 
  it 's rich as fuck and these things do n't scale . 
  you could as well demand to implement switzerland 's democratic model in china . 
  it would not go over well . 
  well freedom does n't generally mean that you can do whatever you want without context or evaluating consequences . 
  i 'm happy that the monopoly of force rests with the state here , i do n't really see why average people should own guns . 
  exercising violence should not be a right of citizens . 
  never heard of the guy before , from the wikipedia controversies section  other provocative statements include his claim that there is no written proof that adolf hitler was aware of the holocaust . 
  [ 23 ] he also stated that the difference between rape and consensual sex is very subtle . 
  [ 23 ] he further claimed that : `` there is a hypothesis that the attitudes of men are passed to women by way of the semen which penetrates the tissue ... now when contraceptives are much more in use , the women become much more independent '' . 
  [ 11 ] during the 2012 summer paralympics , korwin-mikke wrote that the general public should `` not see the disabled on television '' . 
  [ 24 ] in 2007 he set up the `` individual development foundation '' which helps disabled people develop their skills in chess . 
  [ 25 ] [ 26 ] he proposed that the european commission 's berlaymont building would be better used as a brothel . 
  [ 13 ] [ 27 ] in regard to welfare , he believes that `` if someone gives money to an unemployed person , he should have his hand cut off because he is destroying the morale of the people '' . 
  [ guns per 100 residents in the czech republic is 16 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estimated_number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country ) , so not trying to debate semantics here endlessly but i guess it 's fair to say that the overwhelming majority of people do n't own a gun . 
  how are castro and socialists perceived in ireland ? 
  i would have thought that there is a base for this stuff given the independence struggle ? 
  it 's a little facetious to draw the line like this . 
  attat\u00fcrk 's secularism was anything but the ` live and let live ' secularism we associate with the word today . 
  it was a very authoritarian , militant government too , not a liberal one . 
  this is also why these things swing back so easily . 
  nationalist populism adopts many traits of religious government . 
  you 're not less religious just because you 've replaced allah with the state, 
   do you have the right not to be offended ? 
  yes . 
  the first principle of the german constitution is the right to human dignity . 
  no , not free speech , not guns , not security . 
  dignity is the most important principle in german jurisprudence and supersedes all else , it 's the one thing the german state must defend without exception . 
  and i do n't think you really are offended . 
  in fact you 're implying that there 's something arbitrary about it , but there is not . 
  the concept is well defined in german law and we 've never applied it broadly . 
  i did n't actually knew anything about irish presidents so i researched them a little . 
  turns out this one also loved castro , your president is a communist leprechaun !, 
  that 's amazing , i want one . 
  we only have a boring protestant pastor, 
  is your president literally a leprechaun, 
  [ easy , on a whale of course ] ( http://pm1.narvii.com/5649/bda5a80216ee89536e644b804757d66274827022_hq.jpg ),
