  what happened in russia was the full privatisation of the commons including the state , and that is the essence of capitalism . 
  this is even worse than the ` no true socialism ' because people actually lap it up . 
  the saddest thing is the combination of both in one person . 
  they 'll invoke the gulags to criticise anarcho-commie left wingers in 2017 but dare somebody criticise capitalism , then that 's `` crony capitalism '' . 
  how people do n't notice these mental jumps is beyond me, 
  that 's obviously not going to happen . 
  the question is whether he actively gets the far-left behind macron or simply drops out . 
  this will make a huge difference . 
  the french left is huge . 
  big abstention rates can be dangerous . 
  also m\u00e9lenchon is n't unambigiously pro migration . 
  he has dropped lines such as `` i 'd rather have 10k doctors here than refugees '' . 
  he 's a nationalist too . 
  `` a nation is defined by its borders '' etc. . came also frequently up during his campaign . 
  he 's closer to le pen than you seem to think . 
   you seriously think that people from the left will vote for the far-right ? ... 
  i personally know people from the radical french left who will vote for le pen just to stick it to the neoliberal devil . 
  yes , bernie or bust exists in europe too, 
  will be interesting to see what m\u00e9lenchon does . 
  tesla is the market leader in advertisement , they do n't have that big of an edge over the established companies as they 're telling . 
  nothing of the technology in a tesla car is unique , all other competitors can implement a battery or a self-driving car . 
  and expected growth is n't really a meaningful term at least in the context of predicting anything . 
  if you make a really great lemonade at your lemonade stand and you tell me you 're going to replace coca cola , do you think everybody should give you billions of dollars ? 
  pumping out ten million cars a year is pretty fucking difficult . 
  that tesla can scale is n't guaranteed . 
  there is an absurd amount of uncertainty in this that ought to be priced in . 
  i am a mathematician with a pencil and i want to eat too though : ( math research also really benefits from cooperation . 
  lone geniuses like perelman are often in the media but it paints a kind of distorted picture . 
  also in contrast to much other research we basically throw stuff on arxiv and that 's about it , there 's no giant industry behind math research and it 's all open to the public pretty much . 
  so funding is going to have to happen publicly . 
  that 's ... not what the ttip does . 
  in fact it gives the european union power to influence the shape of the global economy on our and in this case also american terms . 
  modern trade deals like ttip and tpp explitily contain labour provisions that exist to strengthen the western position in the international markets . 
  that 's a very good thing . 
  how about you read the thing instead of just folllowing the populist talking points ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to tell me here or if you seriously think that i do n't know what the french commune is , but melenchon is not in that tradition . 
  he 's an old school statist socialist , not a revolutionary or anarchist, 
  i hope you 're aware that you 're quoting the `` world coal association '' who lobbies on behalf of the coal industry . 
  given that this basically reads like an advertisement you should have noticed that . 
  i can find no source that actually backs this claim up or gives concrete numbers on how many workers work in which sector of coal mining . 
  that is the whole point . 
  you can meaningfully protest the hijab . 
  it 's easy to protest against bearded mullahs who run your country . 
  it is not easy to protest when it is not clear who to direct the protest at . 
  see the difficulty of feminists in the west to find allies outside of their groups . 
  he would be cooler if he actually was a communist , like that trotsky-ish women . 
  his weird welfare nationalism with a french superiority complex is pretty lame, 
  that 's the definition of the fucking thing . 
  you get it universally , no questions asked . 
  it is unconditional . 
  no , it does not suggest that everybody has a similar salary , as it does n't even intend to replace salaries on the private market . 
  as a salary , * for labour * . 
  that 's the default mode of production . 
  a universal income , as the name suggests , is not a salary but handed out without reciprocity . 
  it is a * welfare payment * . 
  that is different from making money in the private ( and also public ) market , because people collectively need to fund it without getting any work out of it . 
  no , it 's much higher , but financing a higher ubi would be even harder . 
  what 's your point ? 
  then we do n't really disagree . 
  nowadays it 's really different . 
  and that was the point in my first post , lots of it has to do with western liberal values . 
  feminists in the west made a huge mistake when they tried to decouple women 's rights from economics and focused on sexual liberation , going as far as arguing for prostitution in the 70 's and 80 's . 
  the modern version of this is all the gender identity stuff . 
  on that count the commies and even some ` reactionary ' countries get it right . 
  sexualizing every aspect of life is objectifying women . 
  the original intention of the islamic veil is to remove gender from the public space . 
  that is arguably better than focusing on everybody 's gender identity . 
  the universal income is a pipe dream . 
  do the math . 
  supplying every german with a 1k monthly income is 1 trillion euros per year . 
  that is almost 140 % of the current federal budget . 
  and we have n't yet accounted for all the other obligations . 
  military , healthcare , infrastructure and so on . 
  where are we supposed to take this money from ? 
  the only feasible form of a ubi is one that is so low that you end up with some dystopian version of assistance that you find in a sci-fi movie . 
  that obviously ca n't be a solution , the answer is training people for new jobs that will inevitably be created as new the economy progresses , and talking about new versions of cooperative ownership and property . 
  just squeezing some money out of the machine for the plebs is not going to do it . 
  it might have turned around again after the fall of the ussr and the adoption of western upper class as well as traditional orthodox values back into russian life , but during communist rule running around with designer handbacks was definitely not a cultural value anybody would have openly displayed . 
  that 's more of an import when open display of class , richness and so on made a comeback . 
  the `` soviet woman '' was definitely not a trophy wife . 
  it 's not that hard to understand . 
  in western societies power is mostly dispersed and discrimination is informal . 
  think of the silicon valley boss in jeans and colorful shirt compared to the old industrial boss who at least acted like one . 
  in most non western countries traditional power structures are still in place . 
  we 've bureaucratised and capitalised discrimination , which is much more effective . 
  it 's hard to emancipate yourself if there 's no central power to emancipate yourself from . 
  a headscarf is an obvious discrimination , but a superficial one . 
  the authority says `` put the damn thing on '' . 
  you say `` ok '' , end of story . 
  \u00b4 that 's actually not a really great way to control anybody , it 's almost cartoonish . 
  in contrast here you get perfectly tailored boyish and girlish advertisements without you * even knowing * that you 're being influenced . 
  that 's much more intimate . 
  i still do n't understand the relevance of your argument . 
  yes , jobs were replaced , happens all the time . 
  but women did not join the following it workforce , that 's the interesting part . 
  or are you seriously telling me that you believe women are not capable of writing modern software edit : oh forget it i see that i 'm talking to some kind of men 's rights guy , not going down this rabbit hole, 
  that 's not really correct . 
  the labour division in coding or the era of the human ` computer ' ended much earlier , some time after ww2 . 
  men were just as involved in regular coding in the 60s and 70s as they are today . 
  people still write programs .
