  if you ramp your wages up while your productivity is low you 're in for a very bad time . 
  also the internet as a commercial and mass product is a modern phenomenon of the 90 's and continues to this day . 
  it has radically democratised knowledge and made things accessible for people who had not access to knowledge in the 60 's or 70 's or 80 's . 
  stop the fucking nostalgia . 
  this is why the left-wing does n't govern anymore . 
  because they 're trapped in their ridiculous pipe-dreams and have n't renewed their political agenda for 30 years . 
  in which case you would still be wrong . 
  this is simply an increase in aggregate demand . 
  which is actually good because the german economy is traditionally very demand starved which has produced big problems in the eurozone . 
  this increase in demand could finally help to reduce our trade surplus . 
  now you 're just making shit up , we invented the darn internet . 
  take the rose tinted glasses of please . 
  welfare states were n't demolished and we still have healthcare and housing . 
  what happened was , for example in germany , making vocational training and trying to get a job part of the welfare system . 
  the welfare level is still exactly as high . 
  that 's literally it . 
  we told unemployed people to try to get a job or training if they want to maintain the same welfare level . 
  this is not right-wingish . 
  you did n't get right-wing policies , if you 'd had right-wingers in government you 'd have gotten right-wing policies . 
  that you got , in part , market liberal policies was a simple reaction to the fact that many countries where sitting at 10 % unemployment because labour policies from the 60 's * simply do not work any more * . 
  just because you like them does n't mean that they 're effective . 
  politics does n't overwrite reality . 
  corbyn style labour logic simply does n't make any sense in a globalised world . 
  yes , the whole dugin ideology is a return to historical , ideological orthodoxy based on relativism , religion , anti-egalitarianism , regionalism and so on . 
  communism was all about universalism , the ` new man ' , elimination of classes etc. . ( on paper at least ) . 
  i think people should note that this here is not just a return to the twentieth century , this goes back way farther, 
  the guy apparently was n't aware that removing something from the criminal code is what is referred to as decriminalisation . 
  title right - guy wrong, 
  but how is this not true for almost any president ? 
  nixon in cambodia , reagan and the contras , bush with two wars , obama the drone warrior and the missed red line , daddy bush with the iran airliner etc. . 
  in modern convoluted history you can literally find catastrophic failures for every president . 
  again , i 'll agree that fp was not bill 's strong suit , but it 's in no way enough reason to condemn him . 
  and on another note , i 'm pretty sure hillary would have acted in rwanda , she is fairly principled as far as legitimate interventions are concerned . 
  i did n't say that you ca n't blame him for mistakes in rwanda , i said that you ca n't employ a double standard where every success is out of his hands and every mistake is his fault . 
  especially economically the us has a lot to thank him for . 
  he recognised very early that the it industry will be one of the driving forces in modern economies . 
  you ca n't honestly discredit his economic success because of the dotcom boom and bust and then blame rwanda on him personally . 
  this is the same stupid picking and choosing that the people have done with the clinton for decades . 
  something good happens , ca n't be their success , something bad happens at the other end of the world , must be the fault of the clintons . 
  bill did some solid things . 
  a giant expansion of the female workforce , a solid transition into the information economy that could have gone a lot worse ( ip law is actually a good thing , the us is the top innovator in the industry for a reason ) , getting china into the international trade framework , expanding children care , education budget etc. . his foreign policy was not really great , but he was n't worse than dubya . 
  nobody in the last 50 years produced a more diastrous foreign policy than bush . 
  i never understood the argument , london is fucking great . 
  what 's the point ? 
  happens in germany as well , the number of ex east-germans bringing up stuff like `` we do n't want to end up like west germany , foreigners everywhere ! '', 
  is equal parts sad and hilarious, 
   there are some that benefit everyone . 
  but a lot of economy is basically about who gets to take the bigger piece of the cake - working class or the businessmen well if there 's one good thing about our economic system then it is that the cake has n't a limited size , economic activity is n't a zero sum game . 
  you can create more stuff without taking anybody else 's stuff away . 
  we do n't need to force every discussion into a redistribution issue , we need to talk about growth and fostering potential . 
  the french never even seem to register this , they 're so hellbent on political fighting that cooperation does n't even come up, 
   democracy and plurality only means we need parties on the spectrum , some rightist , some leftist , some more and less radical so people can decide in what direction and how far we want to move . 
  if the goal of every party would be to `` win '' regardless of the views then all of them would have the same program !, 
  that makes completely no sense . 
  it actually works fairly well , we run politics on a culture like this for decades now . 
  if your central premise is that policies can be managed in a way that benefits everybody , compromise can be reached etc. . you can still have pragmatical and ideological differences that you can debate out . 
  if you start on the assumption that you want to fight the other political side to death you 'll end up in a clowncar . 
  this is the peril of the french and american system , they just play ideological ping pong every eight years . 
  politics needs to focus on administration , stability , good governance and so on . 
  that 's how you slowly but at least continuously move forward . 
  yes parties should absolutely try to win voters in the centre , not on the fringes . 
  that 's where the bulk of the population and their interests are . 
  separate but equal ? 
  a safespace for cowbell lovers ? 
  the fuck is this . 
  democracy lives on conflict , this is tribalism . 
  in a civil society , rights including citizenship , are n't dependent on your political conformity . 
  no , that definition of democracy was abolished after the athenians were memed into stupid wars 2.5 k years ago and tried to execute their most competent generals the enlightenment definition of democracy , especially republicanism , views popular vote as a check & balance . 
  we 're not walking strawpolls, 
   in switzerland it 's not the state that decides about naturalization , it 's the municipality . 
  so when someone new wants to join the tribe the village elders have to convene first ? 
  jesus christ what year is it, 
  yes because they all fucking split up . 
  if you have 60 % support * you simply need to find common ground * . 
  if they can all consolidate they can govern . 
  if they keep splitting up they 'll end up in the opposition forever . 
   yeah , because it 's all about `` winning '' not achieving actual goals like better welfare of citizens . 
  what is the point of left winning with rightist economical agenda , lol . 
  to introduce policies that align * closest * with your interests . 
  centrist economical policies are preferable to right-wing policies if you 're a left wing person . 
  the arithmetic is pretty easy . 
  if you live in a parliamentary democracy you need to govern to change law . 
  if you do n't win you 'll not accomplish anything . 
  do you think politics is an ego driven hobby or do you think it exists to improve the life of individuals ? 
  if your goal is the latter you need to get into power and negotiate the best compromise you can . 
  what 's the point of chasing social pipe dreams that 70 % of the population do n't even want ? 
  the left has included centrist politicians since the 80 's and 90 's , see ` third way ' politics . 
  what we should do is ditch the fossilised socialism of the 70 's that produces unworkable and bad policies . 
  they better make him part of the left or they 're not going to win an election again, 
  not a great idea if the right-wing is consolidated and everybody and his uncle vote for the right wing candidate . 
  luckily not the case in france , but exactly what happened in the us . 
  libertarian and evangelical vote completely collapsed , and trump is neither . 
  this really is n't rocket science , i have no fucking idea how radical left-wingers do n't understand this . 
   economically : very right-wing on the average european spectrum he 's a liberal centrist , say british lib dems . 
  ideological purity tests are stupid , he 's clearly on the left-liberal centre . 
  bill was a pretty great president what 's the point of digging yourself in in your 20 % base . 
  sure those 20 % will love you to death , you 'll still not win any elections . 
  yes , that 's what he is saying . 
  the fractioning is hurting the left, 
  you at least need to try to read my post instead of going on another rant .
