  i felt like clinton and generally the centre-left of american politics were the only people actually talking about these issues , and yet they were most decried during the election cycle * from both sides of the political spectrum * . 
  because the people there need a job . 
  you ca n't depopulate all of idaho and ship them off to caltech . 
  you need to find a way to reinvigorate their communities and give them tools . 
  you can not just sacrifice them on the altar of silicon valley innovation ( and you maybe do n't need to either , it 's not a zero sum game ) you ca n't just send them a welfare and healthcare check and bring the banksters down , nobody understandably wants to live like this . 
  if all your innovation happens in universities and large urban centres you will leave at least 50 % of your country behind . 
  germany is a good model to steal some ideas because most innovation here happens not in universities but between institutes , companies , local business with some niche specialisation and so on . 
  this is one reason why our middle-class has n't gone down the drain and why there 's much more political stability here . 
  i do n't think anybody considers the ivy league level colleges to be dysfunctional , but the us has no real vocational programs in vast regions of the country , no real way to incubate innovation there either . 
  fancy seattle startups and mit degrees are n't really an option for a vast majority of the population and i think it 's becoming clear that this education gap is also turning into a cultural and social one . 
  ironically clinton actually had shitton of policies precisely to combat that rural decay for example by adopting our apprenticeship systems in regions of the us in which an academic job market has no chance , but well we know how that ended . 
  like literally the only politician that comes out and says that the us needs pragmatic solutions and focus on the community level , local on-the-job training combined with tax breaks for this kind of stuff and investment into new sectors instead of just ranting about wall street or immigrants is treated like crap . 
  this is why i ca n't stop shaking my head about what 's happening in the us . 
  well and the whole religious charter school and homeschooling thing is just a bad joke, 
  does n't really help you if your whole gdp is comprised of nokia and woodworking . 
  one thing finland needs to stop doing is blasting billions of dollars into the agricultural sector just because it 's politically convenient . 
  also labour costs are too high in finland and have grown much faster than productivity . 
  in this case we own the debt ourselves which makes the whole discussion misleading . 
  the biggest owner of german debt are the german citizens . 
  we do n't have anything to gain from pushing ourselves into insolvency, 
   and monorails for all !, 
  i mean trains , you say ? 
  i know just the right candidate for that !, 
  fusion research is quite well funded . 
  the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wendelstein_7-x in greifenwald is the worlds largest stellarator with some good results recently this is an entirely different topic anyway as this kind of r & d is publicly financed and fairly disconnected form existing commercial fission tech . 
  whether the phase out was done in a wrong way is a totally valid discussion , but to argue that germany should just pop down nuclear plants as if we 're playing sim city is just ridiculous . 
  we 're basically well on the way to target 80 % + renewables in 2040-2050 , paydown on nuclear plants takes many decades , it 's just not worthwhile to drastically alter the energy mix right now . 
  if we had reacted like france after the oil crisis this would be a different matter . 
  the only one i really follow is the moscow times so i do n't know . 
  reddit 's relationship to nuclear science is what you can observe in one of the fallout 3 television ads . 
  it 's like catnip for people who got their scientific education from ted talks . 
  building a nuclear infrastructure is uneconomical in germany . 
  we 're not building them for the same reason lol . 
  amortization takes to long given that fission basically only serves as a bridge technology to renewables . 
  the civil liberalism / autocracy line is increasingly the defining factor of political divide . 
  i mean people still call themselves socialists but it 's basically dead as an actual ideology , as is religious conservatism . 
  the next 20 years are going to be merkel vs orban and not corbyn vs cruz . 
  generally true but in this case it might be correct , the amount of shitty british tabloids is nuts, 
  i have absolutely no idea how the dozen people on the left/far-left think they can win an election if they form two dozen competing communist parties . 
  ironically the donald win has probably pushed the afd down a good deal . 
  as it turns out being governed by populists is way less fun than voting for them out of protest, 
  the greens in germany have demanded this and public education for imams for a long time now , this is ironically more of a conservative problem because of 1 . religious freedom etc. 
  2 . they 're afraid of ` normalising ' islam by letting them into the same institutions as the ` established churches ' . 
  but it 's a good idea , yes . 
  christians in germany are fairly secularised because they are constantly in exchange with civil institutions and go through public education . 
  i think this model is much preferable to * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * like solutions , you 've got way more tools . 
  jesus fuck has trump fried your brain the guy made a retarded ussr eu comparison although they have nothing in common , this is stupid because it is wrong , they share no common characteristics , could as well claim that hillary clinton is the tooth fairy . 
  this is not my judgement or your judgement . 
  it 's just an idiotic comparison , observer independent . 
  holding people accountable for bullshit they say , have americans forgotten how this works ? 
  not every opinion or justification is equally reasonable, 
  no , not my personal judgement . 
  facts . 
  things grounded in reality . 
  do you understand this concept ? 
  criticism that is based on things that can be verified independent of the person voicing them . 
  this can not be difficult to understand when people ridicule trump for claiming that he had the biggest ec win since reagan this is justified . 
  why ? 
  because it 's true . 
  when some guy claims that the eu is the soviet union this is unjustified . 
  why ? 
  because it is not true, 
  no , trump is constantly lying through his teeth on factual matters . 
  those are not open to opinion . 
  also things are not justified because i agree with them . 
  they are justified if you can make a good argument . 
  if you ca n't you should n't agree in the first place . 
  we 're not living in relativist land where everything is a matter of taste . 
  i do n't understand this whole discussion honestly . 
  if gang crime happens take measures to fight gang crime , punish the individuals responsible according to the law , talk about political measures to reduce poverty etc that fuels this stuff . 
  crime is not going to be the end of sweden , gang crime is literally decades if not hundreds of years old and we 're not living in candyland so there is no reason for the ` left ' to hide it and there 's no reason for anybody else to throw blanket accusations at every immigrant . 
  given everything we 're still an exceptionally safe continent , people need to bring the discourse down to normal levels . 
  5 day old the_donald and conspiracy account , some random allusion to marxism in the username , great start the obvious difference is that criticism of trump voiced by leaders is justified given trump 's behaviour . 
  comparing the european union to the soviet union is n't . 
  it also is a tired internet meme . 
   a lot of these `` 100 % free '' proponents i meet have too much faith in humanity - they think that people will obviously not accept bad ideas , so no harm done . 
  which ... sometimes really fails . _ . 
  yes i really think this is it combined with the basically religious `` everybody is a free spirited being that makes their own decisions '' ideas and so on . 
  obviously if you admit that people are passionate and easily controllable your whole freedom logic breaks down a little and social media is like steroids for this . 
  some countries are heavily utilising this like china . 
  it 's pretty funny because we basically have no tools at all to manage public opinions while demagogues here have absolutely no problem heavily using this to start their insurgencies , while a country like china leverages social media to stabilise the government . 
  it 's going to be a very interesting time because we 're going to have to figure out if we just want to let this go and how far it will erode our institutions or if we 're going to step in at some point and dial some of the ` freedoms ' back . 
  but i really can not understand how people can doubt that mass communication is becoming the primary tool to exercise power . 
  i love trump 's `` the media must not sever my spiritual ties to the people '' shtick . 
  he 's not going back to 20th century autocracy , he 's trying to be a medieval ruler or a 18th century tsar, 
   this attitude where `` words do n't matter , just shrug it off '' is wrong . 
  i do n't really know what is going on with this nonsense , what do people think propaganda is ? 
  black magic ? 
  of course information , through speech , influences behaviour . 
  to a large degree in fact . 
  how is this even controversial ? 
  i think it 's simply a symptom of a larger problem , namely the general population trying to insert itself into every level of politics no matter how ill suited . 
  we 're representative democracies for a reason , international relations should not be used for partisan politics . 
  like this recent stuff with the swedish delegation in iran . 
  `` are they wearing headscarfs to subjugate themselves to muslim men ? 
  is this the downfall of feminism ?! '', 
  etc. . no they 're just negotiating and respecting local customs , end of story . 
  they do n't need to like it , they do n't live there just like with intelligence work there 's a part of politics that is better left alone outside of the political media cycle . 
  who thought it was a good idea to name that guy ambassador ? 
  is avoiding stupid gaffes not the first thing everybody learns in ambassador school ?
