  i do n't think so at all . 
  i do n't think we should support suicide in healthy individuals . 
  as a society we have no obligation to do this , i think we ought to try to prevent it if anything . 
  i do n't really see why society is obligated to help otherwise healthy people to commit suicide . 
  this seems wrong to me . 
  the medical profession exists to uphold life and preserve it , as do society 's obligations towards any individual . 
  we should not normalise assisted suicide , and i do n't see assisted suicide in an otherwise healthy individual as rational . 
  what we instead should do is provide support to someone who has suicidal thoughts and try to prevent it . 
  medical professionals have huge issues with assisted suicide even in the cases of terminally ill patients , which oddly enough is very rarely discussed . 
  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16676767  results and discussion : the physician is centrally involved in pas and euthanasia , and the emotional and psychological effects on the participating physician can be substantial . 
  the shift away from the fundamental values of medicine to heal and promote human wholeness can have significant effects on many participating physicians . 
  doctors describe being profoundly adversely affected , being shocked by the suddenness of the death , being caught up in the patient 's drive for assisted suicide , having a sense of powerlessness , and feeling isolated . 
  there is evidence of pressure on and intimidation of doctors by some patients to assist in suicide . 
  the effect of countertransference in the doctor-patient relationship may influence physician involvement in pas and euthanasia . 
  conclusion : many doctors who have participated in euthanasia and/or pas are adversely affected emotionally and psychologically by their experiences . 
   the veil is a symptom of a wider issue . 
  or maybe it 's just a veil . 
  stop seeing ` symptoms ' in everything , it drives you mad and it 's simply a lame excuse to meddle in the private lives of other citizens which , no offence , seems to be a french national sport . 
  enough people voted for right-wing nutjobs, 
  democratisation will sadly be blocked because nations enjoy their veto rights too much . 
  it 's a major structural problem . 
  sorry but the population is gravely misjudging the impact that trade agreements have and at this point is just set out to veto anything without even knowing what they 're protesting against . 
  if we 'd decide all economic policies by plebiscite we 'd be living in caves, 
  the reddit demographic is n't very representative of the european ( or any ) population . 
  reddit is over 70 % male and 60 % of its users are younger than thirty , which i think makes generalisations problematic . 
  i 'm not really sure i understand the second question , less of a tone in what sense ? 
  tabloids aside the guy is an adult and , in a centuries old democracy , holds some responsibility . 
  i think it 's a little irksome that we apparently do n't grant voters some basic agency and responsibility and just focus on the tabloids . 
  you do n't even need to read any newspaper to talk about something you might be legitimately upset about , but many of the voters do n't even seem to be capable of doing that . 
  the brexit vote seemed to be the political equivalent of flipping your desk over , and we can expect voters to not behave like that . 
  this has become very prevalent in a lot of discussions over the last few years . 
  we ca n't just give the citizenry a free pass every time , we 're living in the internet age . 
  if one rupert murdoch publication frees everybody from responsibility we 're doomed, 
  i have no idea what the dictionary lecture is supposed to tell me , but the event was the uk deciding to leave the european union with all the possible implications that it entails , which markets naturally try to predict . 
  it 's less this single post but the general tone that has been prevalent here ever since somebody had the glorious idea of turning this sub into a default sub . 
  the internet truly is an alt-right cesspit and every community that grows and is not strongly moderated eventually ends up on an abysmal level . 
   in reality on the other hand , this is simply a demonstration of the fact of just how powerful speculators on the market have become . 
  this is n't speculation , it 's a reaction to the long term policy changes that the brexit will produce . 
  unsurprisingly , making vast adjustments to your position in a market change how investors evaluate your country, 
  their innovation comes from dodging regulation and training that everybody else has to comply with . 
  deregulation is n't innovation . 
  makes about as much sense as saying that infowars is innovating journalism, 
  actually it 's just theatrics because the russian people obviously know that they 're being lied to when the government conjures up this stuff . 
  it 's just that they do n't mind because they actually want that crazy narrative to be true . 
  of course every trump supporter knows that trump is bullshitting as well , they 're just as hateful and bigoted as he is . 
  do n't give the followers such an easy pass . 
  i honestly think people are misjudging this religious angle , he 's about as religious as putin and simply an autocratic opportunist . 
   it 's a shame the majority of environmentalists seem to regard any change as bad . 
  no hydroelectric dam !, 
  think of those 300 trees !, 
  * facepalm * it 's because this stuff has become a secular religion . 
  people believe that nature is somehow ` in balance ' and has some purpose that humans come and upset , like you must not anger the forest spirits or something . 
  what is especially ironical is that this behaviour is so popular on the far-left . 
  the orthodox marxist position that there is no such thing as ` nature ' and that it is simply the ` inorganic body of men ' lead to some [ ambitious terraforming projects ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_plan_for_the_transformation_of_nature ) also [ zizek to the rescue ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igcfiv1xtou ) , as usual, 
  yep many inner city layouts were concentric and in most cities you can find onion-like old city walls , [ like in cologne ] ( http://www.destination360.com/europe/germany/cologne/holiday-inn-cologne-am-stadtwald-map.gif ), 
  this is n't a punishment . 
  being in the single market comes with responsibilities ( just like being in a relationship ) . 
  what hollande is saying that we ca n't be friends with benefits . 
  the uk can not get the same deal without having any of the old obligations . 
  this is n't a punishment , that 's the reality of leaving a union you 're part of . 
  leaving the eu has consequences for the british european relations , british people knew this before they voted . 
  if you have a divorce you 're not going to get ` my old relationship ' - marriage voters are adult people . 
  they need to understand that negative consequences of decisions do not automatically amount to punishment , especially if the consequences are predictable . 
  many of these protest voters are petulant as hell . 
  running a minority government in a country that needs stable and effective governance is really nuts . 
  it would be a huge potential instability in europe . 
  the government needs to be functional , ca n't have a theoretical opposition that can just throw the wrench in if they feel like it . 
  morality has got nothing to do with it , every sufficiently large union exercises political power . 
  the uk does , the us does , russia does , the eu does . 
  the eu does it very much less so than any other organisation of comparable strength and size . 
  it 's neither a sign of strength or weakness . 
  thanks for speaking the truth , relativisation for the sake of appeasement has no place in academia , and the attempted politicisation and nationalisation of scientific research and arguments are creepy . 
  better start dismantling the russian federation yesterday if strong-arming is a sign of decay unions sometimes do need to exercise pressure to keep everybody straight , it 's how politics works if you 're governing 500 million people . 
  tough trade negotiations are a rather soft exercise of power , this is n't exactly gun boat diplomacy . 
  people seem to be forgetting that the eu is the biggest trading bloc on the planet , showing some teeth occasionally is n't going to hurt , and if this would be the us negotiating nobody would give a shit, 
  yeah sure but we 're generally fairly supportive of say for example our multi pillar pension system , employer covered insurance , the export oriented free market economy and so on , all of which are liberal things and there 's always been a huge emphasis on ` corporate-responsibility ' , we 're generally not in the habit of delegating many things to the state compared to say france and fight the business sector . 
  even unions here are generally not hostile . 
  as to the agenda 2010 being unpopular , well only relatively . 
  it was after all initiated by a red/green government and half of the party pretty much still supports it . 
  that 's hardly imaginable in many other left-wing parties . 
  i agree that the dutch seem fairly similar . 
  yes but it 's lukewarm . 
  gysi was someone who wanted to make it happen , the new leadership around wagenknecht is n't up for it . 
  also the support for red/red/green in nominal voter numbers is much higher than the support for the coalition even across party members . 
  i 'm a spd member and i 'd consider myself to be at the more conservative end of the party , and there are a lot of people here that would not be happy with a red/red/green government . 
  i 'd honestly take cdu/greens over it . 
  no , not at all . 
  not even in spirit , germans love their ordoliberalism with a corporatist bend . 
  we are as far away from socialist ideas as you 're going to get on the continent . 
  really , really hard to believe that * die linke * will drop their radical opposition role . 
  the ` leave nato ' position , the constant israel-rambling , significant anti-eu talk from party leaders , the only thing they actually agree on with spd/greens is tax and some labour policies . 
  in relative terms they 're losing more voters to the afd than any other party . 
  since the 90 's centre-left/blairite split with the oldschool left there 's no common ground really , not just in germany . 
  * die linke * is to germany 's left block what corbyn is to labour . 
  on local or state level i 'd buy it but it 's not happening in the federal elections . 
  we 're either going to get another spd/cdu government again or maybe even cdu/greens if the cdu rebounds . 
  and is that sea country you 're living in currently in a civil war ? 
  what has this to do with syria ? 
  did you think i argued that wahhabism is feminist ? 
  this is exactly what i meant when i talked about random religious criticism .
