   that is why so much hope has rested with matteo renzi , the young prime minister . 
  he thinks italy 's biggest underlying problem is institutional paralysis , and has called a referendum for december 4th on constitutional changes that would take back powers from the regions and make the senate subordinate to parliament 's lower house , the chamber of deputies . 
  this , together with a new electoral law that seeks to guarantee the biggest party a majority , will give him the power to pass the reforms italy desperately needs , or so he claims . 
   in this section climate change in the era of trump malaysians underestimate the damage caused by the 1mdb scandal how donald trump should handle conflicts of interest why italy should vote no in its referendum limited ambition reprints related topics europe italy italian politics european politics elections and voting if the referendum fails , mr renzi says he will step down . 
  investors , and many european governments , fear a no vote will turn italy into the `` third domino '' in a toppling international order , after brexit and the election of donald trump . 
  yet this newspaper believes that no is how italians should vote . 
   mr renzi 's constitutional amendment fails to deal with the main problem , which is italy 's unwillingness to reform . 
  and any secondary benefits are outweighed by drawbacks -- above all the risk that , in seeking to halt the instability that has given italy 65 governments since 1945 , it creates an elected strongman . 
  this in the country that produced benito mussolini and silvio berlusconi and is worryingly vulnerable to populism . 
   granted , the peculiar italian system of `` perfect bicameralism '' , in which both houses of parliament have the exact same powers , is a recipe for gridlock . 
  laws can bounce back and forth between the two for decades . 
  the reforms would shrink the senate , and reduce it to an advisory role on most laws , like upper houses in germany , spain and britain . 
   in itself , that sounds sensible . 
  however , the details of mr renzi 's design offend against democratic principles . 
  to begin with , the senate would not be elected . 
  instead , most of its members would be picked from regional lawmakers and mayors by regional assemblies . 
  regions and municipalities are the most corrupt layers of government , and senators would enjoy immunity from prosecution . 
  that could make the senate a magnet for italy 's seediest politicians . 
   at the same time , mr renzi has passed an electoral law for the chamber that gives immense power to whichever party wins a plurality in the lower house . 
  using various electoral gimmicks , it guarantees that the largest party will command 54 % of the seats . 
  the next prime minister would therefore have an almost guaranteed mandate for five years . 
   that might make sense , except for the fact that the struggle to pass laws is not italy 's biggest problem . 
  important measures , such as the electoral reform , for example , can be voted through today . 
  indeed , italy 's legislature passes laws as much as those of other european countries do . 
  if executive power were the answer , france would be thriving : it has a powerful presidential system , yet it , like italy , is perennially resistant to reform . 
   the risk of mr renzi 's scheme is that the main beneficiary will be beppe grillo , a former comedian and leader of the five star movement ( m5s ) , a discombobulated coalition that calls for a referendum on leaving the euro . 
  it is running just a few points behind mr renzi 's democrats in the polls and recently won control of rome and turin . 
  the spectre of mr grillo as prime minister , elected by a minority and cemented into office by mr renzi 's reforms , is one many italians -- and much of europe -- will find troubling . 
   one drawback of a no vote would be to reinforce the belief that italy lacks the capacity ever to address its manifold , crippling problems . 
  but it is mr renzi who has created the crisis by staking the future of his government on the wrong test ( see article ) . 
  italians should not be blackmailed . 
  mr renzi would have been better off arguing for more structural reforms on everything from reforming the slothful judiciary to improving the ponderous education system . 
  mr renzi has already wasted nearly two years on constitutional tinkering . 
  the sooner italy gets back to real reform , the better for europe . 
   weak foundations what , then , of the risk of disaster should the referendum fail ? 
  mr renzi 's resignation may not be the catastrophe many in europe fear . 
  italy could cobble together a technocratic caretaker government , as it has many times in the past . 
  if , though , a lost referendum really were to trigger the collapse of the euro , then it would be a sign that the single currency was so fragile that its destruction was only a matter of time . 
   in real reality what 's this , russian reality augmented ? 
  i do n't really know why you think what you 're saying somehow contradicts what i say given that  '' only a week after the two factions fought each other in another border town . '', 
  is literally in your quoted paragraph . 
  apparently people in the conflict tend to switch allegiances . 
  the article i supplied was written in early 2015 , not 2013 . 
  if factions can change in one week they presumably can in two years . 
  that is why i called assad 's behaviour * opportunistic * . 
  russia/assad literally has supported isis for a very long time when they were fighting other rebel groups , are people already forgetting this ? 
  it 's pure opportunism . 
  no , it 's not arbitrary , it 's based on a constitutional principle on human dignity which is the most important pillar of almost any european democracy . 
  and of course legislature can be used to ` discriminate ' against people in a technical sense , that 's the point of lawmaking , punish behaviour not tolerated in a society . 
   talking about gay marriage in front of extremely religious people would likely be incendiary speech . 
  i 'm not talking of incendiary speech as some subjective thing , hate speech is actually defined and legislated in europe . 
  talking about homosexual people is not hate speech . 
  yes , it 's true . 
  with the shift towards social media we can see quite strongly how speech can erode civil platforms and institutions . 
  i honestly ca n't wrap my mind around how many people are defending incendiary speech that is undermining the basis of our democracy . 
   but you see what i mean . 
  charlie hebdo and pussy riot are radical atheists , and in the west we understand these measures as a crackdown on freedom of speech under the disguise of `` protection '' actually there is no real `` we the west '' in this case . 
  there 's a pretty strong divide between us and european law . 
  in almost all european countries there has been , pretty much forever , a balance between freedom of speech and personal dignity , while radical free speech is mostly a us phenomenon . 
  screw the people you are a beautiful human being danahbit, 
  no , it 's not because the expert 's truth does n't rely on my willingness to follow them . 
  you should absolutely blindly follow your doctors advice rather than blindly ignore it . 
  he 's still a doctor . 
  your logic makes no sense, 
  yes , as exemplified in any european country that suffers from emigration while also suffering from low wages and high unemployment . 
  people are not `` workers '' and `` entrepreneurs '' by birth . 
  workers become entrepreneurs all the time . 
  many people --  many more businesses --  economy thrives . 
  that 's why regions with high migration also have high employment and high wages . 
  it 's another way of saying that they 're attractive places to live . 
  economies are n't zero sum games . 
  there 's not a limited amount of jobs . 
  people with an authoritarian bent tend to believe that reality follows administration and not the other way around . 
  the csu is infected with this as well, 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's about as unscientific as saying that no vaccine causes autism . 
  over decades of development of gmo 's no real health risks have been found , this is being verified by science every year over and over . 
  it is called empiricism . 
  there is no 100 % certainty that the magical killer gmo does n't show up , but that 's irrelevant . 
  this is true for any self-driving car or medicine as well . 
  risk is being measured relative to the utility of the product , not in some vacuum . 
   there are some degenerative diseases that take dozens of years to develop , unless i 'm mistaken . 
  so until there 's some equally long study on long-term health effects of gmo , it 's still undecided territory ( i do n't know if there are any ) . 
  is there such a thing ? 
  some two year long study on 20 people on this issue is n't science , it 's utter bollocks - i hope you agree . 
  no i do n't . 
  risk is relative , not absolute . 
  we do n't know if there 's any magical diseases that will show up in decades but that is also irrelevant . 
  we can say with * sufficient * confidence that gmo 's are not harmful based on the evidence we have . 
  given the amount of productivity they increase the marginal risk that always exists when introducing a new technology is justified . 
  gmos reduce the amount of pesticides needed because they are engineered to be more resistant . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  you are simply talking out of your ass and have apparently no idea what you are talking about at all . 
  i 'll rephrase it , the core problem is that it is activism . 
  it makes the political personal . 
  the strategic difference between israel and europe must not be fought out by individuals in supermarkets . 
  the moment they consciously boycott they become political actors in a conflict . 
  this is why populists love it , because it is a tremendously powerful resource . 
  just take russia and the us , the countries are quite literally at war most of the time at some place on the planet , but the people do n't hate each other , nobody boycotts shit . 
  it 's not personal , state differences are not supposed to be fought out by you or me .
