  take a loot at kurds and turks in germany if you want to see what politicizing personal life leads to . 
  i 've been eating genetically modified food for decades , they are effectively feeding the world . 
  http://www.who.int/foodsafety/areas_work/food-technology/faq-genetically-modified-food/en/ consensus on the safety of gmo 's is as high as consensus on global warming . 
  they 're perfectly fine to consume and biotech in this industry is absolutely vital to keep food production efficient . 
  europe is absolutely crazy on this issue . 
  yes , and it is as populist and unreasonable as it is anywhere else , and largely a product of nonstop lobbyism by groups that want to sell you overpriced `` organic '' food with no measurable health benefit . 
  usually us regulation does not give in to this stuff . 
  labelling russian food in supermarkets for political reasons is just as russophobic . 
  sanctions are an entirely different issue because they actually act through diplomatic processes and institutions , they do n't `` jewify '' food . 
  they happen on a diplomatic backchannel and do n't have this characteristic of mobilising the population , they 're not personal . 
  they do n't directly connect your decisions with actions against israel . 
  the method of `` labelling '' to deter is the xenophobic element no matter who it is aimed at . 
  it has an individual element where someone can go `` ha now i 've stuck it to the jews ! '' . 
  sanctions are abstract for a reason . 
  they 're quite literally by self-proclamation a jewish state . 
  this is the same nonsense as `` i do n't hate muslims i only hate islam '' . 
  this is n't actually how the world works . 
  just a silly distinction that people can come up with to spout ignorant crap . 
  if the consumer was always right we 'd have no trade agreements . 
  this is the most ridiculous thing i 've read all week . 
  the consumer knows shit about food labeling and economic policies . 
  they 're not the result of democratic processes . 
  american regulation is luckily not determined by whatever joe sixpack wants at that moment in time . 
  we usually avoid politicising the economy , actually we 've largely decoupled political or moral issues from trade issues , which is something that authoritarians on both sides of the spectrum bring up all the time . 
  see , ttip , ceta , millitary cooperation etc. . 
  yes it has everything to do with judaism because judaism and israel are intricately linked , and israel is a jewish state . 
  also the obsession with israel and no other country no matter how bad that produces the food that people happily buy makes it dead obvious that anti-semitism is connected to this . 
   criticising illegal settlements is n't anti-semitic . 
  criticising illegal settlements by * politicising food * is . 
  if you want to criticise israel 's settlement do it in a parliament or a newspaper . 
  we 've spend a long time to develop institutions for that precise purpose , the supermarket is n't one of them i 'm also not sure why you think that it is relevant to point out that it will not lead to war with israel , as if that is somehow the starting point at which things get objectionable, 
  no , more information is not always good . 
  the gmo scare is absolutely ridiculous and puts perfectly healthy products at a disadvantage . 
  what if a white supremacist community in the us decides to label food produced by african americans , is that good just because it 's more information ? 
  labels exist to point out objective , material health issues . 
  they 're not playground for tribalism or any other nonsense . 
  he had half a century to turn his country into something resembling a modern nation state . 
  allying up with the ussr if your only realistic trading partner is the united states was a ridiculous move that has brought the country isolation for decades . 
  i do n't really know what a one dimensional caricature of evil is but he sure as hell was another lame dictator in a long line of guys who messed their country up . 
  if you want to fawn over strong leaders then pick lee kuan yew , the guy at least managed to build one of the most prosperous countries on the planet on what was essentially a swamp over the course of one generation of course that happened by abandoning ridiculous ideologies that failed over and over . 
  this is hilarious , count me in, 
  these clowns include you right , in case you 're forgetting that you are french too throwing the lighter into the gasoline pool while you 're standing in it is n't exactly clever, 
  surveillance without legal backing can not be held against you . 
  evidence obtained illegally is irrelevant in a court of law . 
  please top stalking in such generalisations , it 's impossible to have a discussion like this . 
  there is no ominous direction or ever increasing surveillance . 
  if this were the case de maiziere would n't try to introduce new laws . 
  ignoring existing law is a different issue than drafting new ones and an entirely different topic . 
  if de maiziere wants to introduce extensive surveillance laws they 'll have to hold up in federal constitutional court , no two ways about it . 
  they traditionally rule assertively on civil rights issues so there 's no real reason to believe that this will pass . 
   i ask myself which party i should vote that these infidels stop their atrocious and damaging behaviour . 
  you do n't need to vote for a party to stop this , we have a constitution . 
  the parliament is n't sovereign , no matter how de maiziere feels on any given day, 
  no , your shitty relativism has does irreparable damage to society . 
  the whole attempt of fake-news/blogosphere nonsense is to drag the discourse on a level where facts do n't matter and your feelings are more important than anything else . 
  what you call ' a culture of suppression ' has a much simpler name , ` civilisation ' . 
  how has italy practised austerity ? 
  they 're running a budget deficit of 3 % gdp + since over twenty years http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/government-budget and as stiglitz conveniently forgets to point out , dropping out of the eurozone will obviously reduce the standard of living , italy is importing all the stuff for a reason, 
  well , singapore is/was pretty much run by a single party and a quasi benevolent dictator under lee kuan yew and i 'd consider it to be an unambiguously market based economy , it 's a small nation though so in those it definitely can work i guess . 
  the mix of enlightened despotism and open economies in larger nations is rarer but i 'd actually still see china on that path . 
  they do n't see in principle to be opposed to fair and impartial and market based solutions , it always seemed like the single party system exists for stability purposes rather than political ambition . 
  most of the high members are internationally educated technocrats anyway . 
  i 'd honestly take china and and throw russia out if potential trajectory is any indication . 
  but it brings up the question what constitutes a market economy in the first place . 
  russia is already part of the wto as a market economy and is just as assertive as the chinese government , japan is run by keidanren and brits and americans love their free market policies . 
  so there 's different modes of capitalism in all these regions with widely varying methods and results . 
  wto market economy status always seemed to be way too much of a political process , and i do think there 's opportunity for mutual benefit by getting china into the framework . 
  could also help alleviate some of the nationalist impulses they 've been developing over the last decades . 
  i do n't really want a china sized turkey in ten years . 
  it would only be pathetic if there 'd be a way to defend yourself . 
  this is the thing , the so called ` new media ' fights a very asymmetric war , they can lie through their teeth , have no journalistic integrity , run on ridiculous political agendas and at the same time criticise the ` establishment ' for doing the exact same thing , although they 're much worse offenders . 
  every single one of these news agencies is more ridiculous than dangerous but the numbers add up . 
  you can pretty much die from a flu if you have no immune system and that 's basically what 's going on here , we have no idea how to handle this stuff . 
  this is why initiatives to fend off propaganda are good . 
  we 've just seen how `` if they go low we go high '' has worked out in the us . 
  principled attitudes are good but at some point you have to come up with a solution . 
  well we live in a social market economy so i 'm sure everybody was aware that companies as one of the principal actors in that system are relevant . 
  lobbyism is n't bad per se , it 's a way for third parties to get their interests and expertise represented in politics . 
  this is as true for environmental organisations , unions or ngos as it is for companies . 
  this is n't always for the worse , sometimes companies may act more rationally than government depending on the political situation . 
  i 'd be very glad if tech companies would start lobbying trump right now to not drop out of the paris climate change agreement . 
  i do n't really see the benefit of suing any large company like volkswagen for billions in damages . 
  it will directly affect workers , innovation and generally not help anybody . 
  hold them accountable and revise laws if necessary sure , but punitive measures just seem like populist action . 
  this is more complicated . 
  the us runs a laissez-faire economy , there 's less institutional overlap between corporations and consumers so there 's no social contract . 
  in simple terms , everybody can sue everybody 's ass and you can be fired at any time . 
  in most european countries there * is * a form of social contract , companies are more patrimonial . 
  german companies cover half of your healthcare and unemployment , will not fire you at will and generally behave in a socially responsible fashion or at least something close to it . 
  this on the other hand also means that they have more influence on politics . 
  this is n't necessarily bad , it 's just a different economic and political model . 
  sorry but japan is very much running on a doctrine of so called `` managed capitalism '' , that is to say companies and government are closely intertwined and enjoy substantial mutual benefits . 
  they 're not a market oriented based economy at all in the american sense . 
  not granting china the status of a market economy in the wto is a purely political move , nothing more . 
  france has a lot to lose if the eu is blown apart by kremlin trolls , which is a real threat if european integrity and security , especially in eastern europe is not guaranteed . 
  i honestly do n't even know what france 's interests with russia are supposed to be apart from selling them a warship or two every few years . 
  trade relations with russia are basically non-existent at this point . 
  france is largely oil independent anyway . 
  http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/fra/ and please do n't give me something about hundreds of years of history and the deep enigmatic russian soul etc, 
   let alone the irony of an international nationalist movement .
