  age does n't make you wiser in every department . 
  some old french and german people might still hold antagonistic beliefs because they 're a product of a war generation . 
  is it good to listen to them just because they 're old ? 
  i like to think that we progress as a society , and young people are often a positive driving force . 
  if they had more of a voice and would participate more we would n't have trump , wilders or brexit . 
  i do n't really care if that is ` ageist ' but young people can make decisions that are not burdened by stereotypes , typical anxieties that come with old age and so on , they often express more confident and positive views than anybody else . 
  i think that is vital in politics , especially on this already very old continent . 
  years of life experience really only add up to something if you actually do anything with the time , and while there are of course many hard working old dads around , life experience alone does n't exactly qualify you for high-level policy making . 
  that 's just not the type of activity where ` wisdom of the elders ' actually means anything . 
  i like my dad too but i would n't put him in charge of a central bank, 
   petty revenge or safety . 
  pick one . 
  the uk is not that much of a fucking child . 
  you can try really hard but the analogy is still not working . 
  if we two make a business deal and you end up on the bad end you are n't free to take the gloves off and punch me in the face . 
  there are rules to how far negotiations go . 
  we can bet money on this , even if both play hardball the uk is not going to compromise security alliances . 
  not even trump will go this far . 
  it 's hilarious that you just admit that it is petty revenge , you 're exactly right . 
  not that i am a fan of austerity politics , but to argue that suicide , which is self-induced is literally just equivalent to murder by another person 's hand is incredibly facetious . 
  by that logic every winner of a trade negotiation is somehow morally responsible for the misery of the loser , even if that actor voluntarily entered the market ? 
  if that is the case we need to enact the planned economy with no autonomy at all . 
  what makes this analogy incredibly stupid is that in a market their are winners and losers , the general system improves even when someone is temporarily at a disadvantage . 
  accepting losers in an economy is a necessary evil . 
  this is absolutely incomparable to terrorism , which is one of the unambiguously worst things around . 
  sacrificing security is nothing else than blackmail . 
  being an economic winner is not a right guaranteed to you by the state . 
  being physically safe is . 
  the latter is not a commodity . 
   you think negotiating over security issues is exceptional ? 
  yes , it is . 
  hence the criticism of may 's statements , even from tories . 
  this is comparable to trump 's nato comments , you do n't throw an ally 's security on the negotiating table . 
  sure bad trade negotiations can be costly , but that 's how a market economy works . 
  using security as a negotiating tactic is like sending the fucking mob over to collect protection money, 
  because security and trade are too different issues . 
  you think * negotiating * over * trade * issues is exceptional ? 
  security generally is n't perceived as a partisan issue and especially as a bargaining chip because it directly touches the physical safety of citizens . 
  well the gender gap is as huge as it is in that graph . 
  i did n't draw it in ms paint or something . 
  there is a split between men and women in politics , and not just in the us . 
  and it seems to be growing over the last few decades . 
  graphs aside it is also obviously visible in political discourse . 
  politics relating to gender , sex , feminism and so on are very prominent at the moment and very polarised . 
  linke / afd overlap is huge actually . 
  in the last few regional elections they lost heavily to the afd . 
  relatively much more than any other party in fact . 
  the us is so polarized that either party is basically going to collect 47 % even if you put up a scarecrow with a party hat , so it is probably more accurate to say that many of those people voted republican , rather than ` trump ' . 
  the qualifier white women is quite important here and disguising the gender dynamic , which in the recent us election http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/12/2016/11/09125520/ft_16.11.09_exitpolls_gender.png was historically large . 
   we need to `` invade '' the war troubled countries , take a piece of them and take care about the people there . 
  or we simply need to develop international or at least supra-national frameworks that enable us to deal with crises effectively . 
  we do n't need to invade anyone . 
  this however probably would mean that people in the developed world should stop voting for isolationists who want to diminish the role of international institutions and go back to bilateral negotiations . 
   by that logic places like malaysia , thailand or japan are fucked and have no future , because they have a small population share and do not form a strong , local ` political bloc ' . 
  yes , and that would be a completely reasonable conclusion . 
  japan has a giant demographic problem , which will show both domestically and internationally very soon . 
  ( and already is showing over the last two decades ), 
  i dunno man , op 's map is basically the afd voter map . 
  right-wing politics is a giant sausage fest and a lot of it toys with machismo . 
  see putin , trump , berlusconi , orban and so on . 
  nope and what i really think is terrible about this is that it is obviously not going to help the poor . 
  people on low income can not live on 30 hours of work . 
  yes it sucks that they need to work more than highly productive people but this limit is just pushing them into the shadow economy . 
  many young people do n't want fixed pension ages either . 
  they want flexible pension schemes . 
  socialists in scandinavia have recognized this and ditched hard age limits . 
  it 's like you have taken a 60s left-winger out of a cryo chamber with people like melenchon . 
  no country is divided into working class and capitalists cleanly any more . 
  this collectivism seems completely out of place . 
  and then there 's the weird cultural values too with his strong left-wing french nationalism , almost mirroring right-wing talking points . 
   this problem is , in my opinion , also connected to the neo-nazi problem in those regions : uneducated young men with too much time on their hands and a desparate need to hate `` downwards '' to make themselves feel better . 
  my personal armchair psychology theory is that male sexual anxiety is responsible for like 90 % of these new reactionary movements among young guys , especially men on internet platforms . 
  the fear of foreign men , feminists , successful ` elites ' etc. . it 's basically digital limp dick syndrome, 
   he keeps pushing the limits knowing there will be no consequences apart from articles like this which means nothing to him . 
  so what , and his idiotic posturing and taunts do n't mean anything to us either . 
  he is a child . 
  what is he going to do , write mean posts about germany on facebook ? 
  we 're already paying way too much attention to this . 
  i honestly do n't really understand french people . 
  macron is a social liberal out of a textbook , in what world is he `` right-wing '' ? 
  i 'm getting the feeling everybody to the right of trotsky is reactionary by french standards . 
  and even worse many of the ideological positions of melenchon just sound straight up nuts . 
  a 100 % income tax on people earning more than 300k ? 
  leaving nato and the eu . 
  this is n't renewed left-wing politics but sounds more like national bolshevism . 
  who seriously wants that stuff ? 
   it is legal as can be . 
  it might be disgusting , but he is an owner of private property and he can rent it to whom he wants to rent it to . 
  in many countries you can not discriminate in the rent market based on skin colour , religion and other protected classes . 
  as the article says people are already preparing to take legal action . 
  someone with more knowledge on british law will need to chime in but i 'm pretty sure the uk has these provisions as well . 
  private property is n't lawless property , and anti-discrimination laws concerning business exist pretty much everywhere . 
  edit : https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/housing/discrimination-in-housing/overview-of-discrimination-in-housing/, 
  if i had the choice between american mugabe and corruption . . 
  i 'll take 5 corruption please, 
  take a look at the body count ? 
  hey i 'm talking benevolent hre here , no spooky stuff, 
  well empires come and go too but wars tend to be much less bloody because in contrast to the nation state , the population has no skin in the game . 
  war between nation states is personal and can tear populations apart along ethnic and religious lines . 
  the defining features of empires is that they 're multi-ethnic/religious/etc so all war boils down to power play at worst , which is much more harmless than nationalist conflicts .
