yup just like electing corbyn energised the labour party , stopped the brexit and put them on a path to government . 
  oh wait a second , there is no socialist revolution and they 've just locked themselves out of government by electing a clown . 
  the tories are still winning despite creating a blunder referendum * that blew their own government apart * , how the fuck can people argue that this surge towards extremism on the left does actually work lmao, 
  obstruct the federal government , turn towards the states and cities , churn out conservative dems that can get the academia and industry on their side and focus on issues . 
  bernie sanders was a terrible idea . 
  `` close up '' the internet , build a fucking wall through the continent , introduce stop & frisk , monitor religious communities etc. . `` giving up federal power over drugs and marriages '' is dog whistle for anti-lgbt policy as the states are authoritharian as fuck themselves . 
  ending wars or lowering taxes has nothing to do with authoritarianism , which addresses domestic policy . 
  north korea is n't waging any wars either, 
  the afd is privatisation on steroids , they even want to privatise welfare programs, 
  maybe the population should start to develop more reasonable expectations before this happens . 
  could n't even come out as pro-gay or an atheist twenty years ago because the populace would lynch you but everybody is supposed to be 100 % upfront all the time honestly peasants love being lied to as long as the lie sounds nice . 
  if you 're honest you do n't get elected, 
  polish government is much more problematic than orban , because orban is just an opportunist who 's still at least nominally integrated into european centre-right politics . 
  in poland this stuff has stronger ideological background . 
  here 's an interesting article on the differences : https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/hungarian-polish-nationalist-axis-by-slawomir-sierakowski-2016-09 just one excerpt  so , whereas orb\u00e1n is a cynic , kaczy\u0144ski is a fanatic , for whom pragmatism is a sign of weakness . 
  orb\u00e1n would never act against his own interests ; kaczy\u0144ski has done so many times . 
  by attacking members of his own coalition government , for example , kaczy\u0144ski lost power in 2007 , only two years after he had won it . 
  he seems to have no plans . 
  instead , he has visions -- not of fiscal reform or economic restructuring , but of a new type of poland . 
  orb\u00e1n seeks nothing of the kind . 
  he does n't want to create a new-model hungary ; his only aim is to remain , like putin , in power for the rest of his life . 
  having governed as a liberal in the 1990s ( paving the way for hungary to join both nato and the eu ) and lost , orb\u00e1n regards illiberalism as the means to win until he takes his last breath . 
  kaczy\u0144ski 's illiberalism is of the soul . 
  he calls those outside his camp `` the worst sort of poles . '' homo kaczy\u0144skius is a pole preoccupied with his country 's fate , and who bares his teeth at critics and dissenters , particularly foreign ones . 
  gays and lesbians can not be true poles . 
  all non-polish elements within poland are viewed as a threat . 
  the pis government has not accepted a single refugee of the tiny number -- just 7,500 -- that poland , a country of nearly 40 million , agreed with the eu to take in . 
  how is this crazy when it is and has regularly been happening over the last twenty years ? 
  have you seen how many frozen conflicts have been produced in russia 's neighbourhood ? 
  if the new administration scraps the paris climate change agreement , yes seriously . 
  edit : if you change the complete content of your post at least tag it as edited . 
  and of course we vetoed the iraq war , it was an idiotic endeavour, 
  yes in that case i did misunderstand you somewhat but even in that scenario there 's still benefits . 
  there can be more variety in product and after all the shoemaker also gets cheaper foreign shoes , he might just retrain if he wants to maintain a higher standard of living . 
  this is pretty much true for all mass market products , not only will global welfare decline if we reduce trade , many prices will actually rise if we produce at higher labour cost domestically . 
  higher productivity and better training is the answer to this rather than protecting jobs . 
  more active involvement of the state to reinvigorate urban life and not less . 
  not to mention that we have a serious lack of labour force in many overaging countries , so trying to bring back labour intensive jobs for capital intensive ones seems unwise , and also ecologically unattractive . 
  i am also aware that germany is sadly not up to the task in the eu with it 's austerity oriented course . 
  there are so many negatives to this and it is unanimously negative from a strategic and overall welfare point . 
  this is not something that any politician that wants to stick to the truth and rational policy making ought to embrace . 
  if that narrative were true the amount of stuff we produce in manufacturing would have dropped off . 
  we 've not outsourced manufacturing , we 've just less people employed in it . 
  i provided the graphic above . 
  same is true with open borders . 
  we 've always had a steady stream of immigration . 
  in the 60 's and 70 's we took in millions of turkish guest workers , income rose steadily , same deal after the collapse of the soviet union . 
  as you can see above 2000 is about the time when developed nations took a hit . 
  this is precisely the time when we started to substitute workers for automation on a massive and unprecedented scale . 
  what you are saying is just not in line with historical data . 
  also the claim that a global elite is feeding on a global lower society is wrong . 
  just look at the reduction of absolute poverty on this planet : http://ourworldindata.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/ourworldindata_world-poverty-since-1820-in-absolute-numbers.png the elite is n't cashing in on the winnings , they 're cashing in on the dividends . 
  an amazing amount of the global population has been lifted out of poverty in modern history . 
  so what ? 
  none of this means she is n't competent . 
  people selling favours in high profile politics ? 
  what a shocker . 
  having a private and public position is normal , everybody has one . 
  diplomacy involves secrecy , this is n't new either . 
  sanders is america 's corbyn , did the uk not leave the eu and is labour thriving right now ? 
  this is such a fantasy scenario , they 'd have lost even harder . 
  because many benefits are hard to calculate . 
  education has risen sharply , live expectancy , public transportation , free services . 
  workload has gone down , workplace environment and rights have gone up and so on the list is pretty long . 
  want some of that golden age prosperity ? 
  try working [ 500 hours more per year ] ( http://all-that-is-interesting.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/average-annual-hours-worked-usa-france-germany.png ) for comparison , given our current workload this is more than four months of additional work * per year * . 
  yeah no idea why we do n't follow this ideology any more !, 
   i think we should all give those people some more credit because their motives might not be as superficial as they seem . 
  for working class people that feel left out of the equation during the last few decades , isolationism is actually in their immediate economic interest . 
  it 's their preference but not in their interest , economic isolationism does n't work . 
  it just reduces overall welfare . 
  those glorious jobs are n't coming back , they 've long been automatised . 
  manufacturing output in the us is still high , what simply has changed is the amount of labour required . 
  https://rejblog.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/mfg1.jpg there simply exists an inverse relationship between productivity and labour . 
  it 's why the agricultural output grows steady while it barely employs a fraction of the people it did decades ago . 
  ( half of the workforce in the 1870 's just to feed the nation , < 2 % now ) you can not get back a job that does not exist any more . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/09/us/politics/gary-johnson-aleppo.html http://www.sciencealert.com/us-presidential-candidate-jill-stein-thinks-wi-fi-is-a-threat-to-children-s-health, 
  clinton was by far the most qualified candidate . 
  johnson does n't know what aleppo is and jill stein thought that wifi gives you cancer . 
  clinton had 30 years of experience and actually concrete proposals on every issue and could have taken over the rather competent and blunder free obama administration . 
  there has n't been a single fuckup in 8 years . 
  now you get carson and giuliani . 
  at the end of the four years half of trump 's geriatric administration will probably suffer from alzheimers, 
  hillary was actually right from a political point of view , she 's a policy wonk and stood for incremental and realist approach to politics . 
  what is wrong is voting with your gut instead of your head . 
  voting out of anger instead of voting for the most competent candidate is how you ruin your political environment . 
  well looks like all modern companies , ngo 's and cities need to build an enclave against trump and try to improvise outside of politics . 
  this is sad and hilarious . 
  some of them clearly support the government 's course , others were ambiguous about it in the sense of `` if you bring too many immigrants in you 're hurting the little man '' and so on , basically echoing the sentiment on the right . 
  this is because they actually draw a lot of support from groups that are actually not very liberal at all . 
  [ like those two ] ( http://russia-insider.com/sites/insider/files/molotov-ribbentrop.png ) , as we all know autocrats suggesting friendly relations always turns out well, 
  molotov and ribbentrop were friendly to each other , putin and erdogan are often friendly to each other . 
  why do you think autocratic nationalists shaking hands on one day means something on the next ? 
  de gaulle rise from your grave, 
   die linke is the exact opposite of the afd , it 's left wing ( to far-left ) , the name itself means `` the left '' , they 're pro immigration and refugees , very very tolerant of islam , and they are against the coalition air strikes on isis . 
  far from the opposite . 
  same appeal to populism and plebiscite , anti-globalist talk and mindless criticism of `` corporations and the media '' , localism , and even fair share of immigration criticism , see wagenknecht . 
  horseshoe theory is at work as far as those parties are concerned . 
  please do n't believe that this is the dominant opinion in germany . 
  plenty of people here who recognise that stability and security in eastern europe and all european states is important .
