  this has nothing to do with the war . 
  a nation can be full of religious extremists while being stable and not at war , like most of the arabian peninsula, 
  haha yup we just got so many proofs and abstract stuff that we could n't integrate any more or do difficult calculations lol . 
  i 'll definitely check the assembly posts out , they look neat, 
  sure , but they are not as comprehensive as the single market , which is why the bulk of trade of eu countries happens with other eu countries . 
  the german-dutch trade volume is as large as the german-chinese one . 
  http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/deu/#imports take a look at import and export destinations . 
  as merkel says in the second paragraph of the article  `` if we do n't say that full access to the internal market is linked to full acceptance of the four fundamental freedoms , a process will spread in europe in which everyone does what they want , '' she said . 
  a union of pickers and choosers can not work . 
  if everybody only acts on their own interest a union is n't possible . 
  handing the uk the same deal as any other nation without the obligations that come with it is essentially a privilege that would encourage every nation to cut corners . 
  for the uninitiated , what are the most important points ? 
  i studied mathematics and i was always impressed by physicists , they were even better at math !, 
  also lots of the electronics guys can do low level assembly coding that i do n't even want to understand, 
  sad to hear that it 's so bad to greece . 
  i tried to stop austerity , had only one vote : ( come to germany though , we always need people, 
   i will lose it and just tell people i am german and at last our plan is working ... ^ in ^ europa ^ wird ^ deutsch ^ gesprochen !, 
  i see this claim over and over but it just seems meaningless . 
  wahhabism is completely irrelevant in any of the current conflicts . 
  it 's like saying that jehova 's witnesses are responsible for the troubles . 
  just because everybody on the internet is an armchair religious critic does n't mean that every conflict evolves around it . 
  wahhabism is , outside of the arabian peninsula , a largely meaningless sect . 
  what is relevant here is the power play between autocratic dictators , sovereignty issues , regional and global power politics and ethnically and religiously divided populations . 
   maybe the massively overvalued currency ? 
  greece is n't argentina . 
  the biggest good of the greek export sector is refined petroleum products . 
  good luck buying unrefined petroleum with a weak currency . 
  they do n't have some kind of huge resource pool to turn into the next china or something , all leaving the currency union would accomplish is further lowering the standard of living . 
  why not both five cups of coffee in the morning and half a bottle in the evening should be the basis of any diet . 
  i 'm not kidding, 
  the country is called the united kingdom , not england . 
  and of course it should not prioritise the british at all costs , if that means sending it 's highly successful and meritocratic university system down the shitter . 
  the goal of academic work is to further human progress , that 's why it should n't give a crap about nationality . 
  it 's that simple . 
  and plenty of european academics work in china as well as other non western nations . 
  that is already happening . 
  the academic community does not compete against each other in the sense you are implying . 
  it is an open system that welcomes exchange of ideas and people . 
  i did n't talk about universities being a business . 
  i talked about universities attracting the people that are the most qualified researchers and academics . 
  the academic community is global , not national . 
   what are you trying to say here ? 
  they ca n't find qualified english applicants ? 
  no , i 'm saying that the most qualified students and researchers should attend universities no matter what their nationality is . 
  if these barriers are low , attracting the world 's most talented people is the logical result . 
  universities exist to attract the most capable people from all around the world , they 're not an employment program for joe sixpack if ` the native ' wants to get into the university of their choosing they should work their asses off for it . 
  i 'm not interested in some kind of autistic semantics discussion . 
  we 're talking about normative statements made by the church . 
  that 's what the thread is about . 
  if you just want to discuss the dictionary take it somewhere else . 
  when the catholic church talks about ` normal ' they mean ` better ' or ` natural ' , they do n't mean ` more frequent ' , because that holds no moral bearing , which is what the catholic treatment of homosexuality is about . 
  their version of normality is prescriptive , not descriptive . 
  at the core of it is the catholic fear of embracing things that are different , because dogma is by definition build on a large degree of conformity . 
  variation is scary to people who build hierarchical structures based on unity , so everybody straying to far from the norm ( now in the technical sense ) automatically turns into an undesirable . 
   they want to blur the lines of what is `` normal '' and is n't and their strategy is to challenge heterosexuality as a privileged and as a coherent sexuality . 
  well good , that 's what we ought to do . 
  because homosexuality is not more or less ` normal ' in any meaningful sense than heterosexuality . 
  that 's not even bleeding edge queer theory or anything , that 's the is/ought distinction which has been around since hume, 
   but this seems like celebrating the results of protectionism to me is testing your food for arsenic protectionist as well ? 
   data instead of goods data * are * goods , both are regulated and standardised for very good reasons . 
  as far as the uk was concerned that 's pretty much all it was . 
  the stories about the brussels monster killing uk sovereignty were n't actually true . 
  what exactly do you think is going to change now that will palpably change the life and sovereignty of british citizens ? 
  where is that newfound autonomy going to manifest itself ? 
  i do n't necessarily think that anybody needs to assign blame , but it 's effectively a trade barrier . 
  a plummeting pound will support domestic production and make imports more difficult . 
  given that the uk is not an export oriented economy i simply fail to see how this benefits them . 
  like the us they rely on imports and benefit from having a strong currency and as much trade capabilities as possible . 
  some kind of mercanitilist trade policy makes really little sense . 
  the uk is highly competitive as it is anyway . 
  it really would be funny if the uk now starts to sign one free trade agreement after another , given that this is precisely what the eu membership entailed . 
  access to a common market and a position to dictate the terms . 
  if the uk now starts to implement all of this independently they 'll end up where they started , but with a worse negotiation position and without a vote . 
  this whole thing seems like a theatre performance . 
  based on the policy making of the last two decades , none of it, 
   example : by buying german cars , you 're sending your cash overseas to employ germans . 
  by buying british cars , that money is staying at home , used to employ more brits . 
  since britain imports more than they export from europe , this will benefit them . 
  german cars are good , they were being imported for a reason . 
  if british cars were awesome you would n't need to erect import barriers through a currency devaluation so not only are you hindering british people from buying foreign goods they want by keeping the currency down , you 're also lowering the incentive for british companies to be more innovative ( because they 're not forced to compete ) the short version , you are doing bad things to the long term structure of your economy for an employment boost . 
  it 's exactly what we did when we joined the currency zone and failed to raise wages adequately . 
  ( except that the uk does not actually need this , the unemployment is low and growth is high already ), 
   you mean democracy ? 
  democracy becomes problematic when you start voting against reality . 
  in contrast to what some believe , you ca n't just vote until you get the world you want . 
  varoufakis promised things that were unattainable at that moment in time , because for some reason he seemed to have forgotten that there are over twenty different countries in the union that he was supposed to negotiate with . 
  he was acting like the roman emperor and seemed to have forgotten that he 's the finance minister of greece . 
  if the party would have been responsible they would not have promised things they could not possibly deliver . 
  when the inevitable happened he packed his bags and went on a book tour , because in contrast to his constituents he has the money and time to do that . 
  it would n't be illegal , no idea what the person you were responding to was on about, 
  i think we just have different definitions of what constitutes an idiot . 
  dubya was not intellectually fit to hold office , he ran a campaign on a `` nice uncle '' and compassionate conservative image , which especially in the us always hits a nerve . 
  reagan was a b-movie actor , and do n't forget that arnold got to run california . 
  and well , trump 's in the race now especially mass media and the internet have basically rendered qualification and traditional virtues we expected from individuals in power irrelevant . 
  it 's happening here in europe , too . 
  look at beppe grillo 's five star movement . 
  they actually have no identity , which is precisely what produces their mercurial political switches from die linke to the afd and the general distrust of political institutions and liberal democracy . 
  the non-existence of the church is an important factor as well . 
  it 's a relatively strong bulwark against political extremism in germany . 
  it 's because people are caught up with this honesty/authenticity crap .
