  overall us intelligence budget is 80 billion . 
  hard to tell how much exactly covers foreign intelligence as nsa and some other agencies work in both fields . 
  i hope you see the discrepancy here even if adjusted for gdp . 
  there is absolutely no question that the us engages in intelligence work that outnumbers our efforts by a magnitude . 
  well this is not actually tesla but former tesla employees who have started their own startups . 
  which makes me wonder if they do n't run into ip problems . 
  ` human nature ' is whatever fits the argument at any given time , there is no such thing . 
  the problem here is the attitude towards public opinion and political beliefs , especially in the anglo-sphere . 
  people are being treated like the customer who can never be wrong , every belief needs to be respected no matter how stupid etc. . . 
  this is fixable , it 's not a natural problem . 
  here in germany for example if some newspaper publishes some malicious and verifiable wrong content against a person they can force an apology and a revised statement from the newspaper . 
  as a consequence we do n't suffer from this acidulous tabloid journalism , at least not to such a huge degree . 
  this stuff is preventable , you just have to stop treating the voters like entitled children . 
  in a democracy power is derived from the people , to me it seems obviously that this means they also ought to be held responsible . 
  everything else is a moral hazard . 
  australian internet connection ? 
  pls australia in and of itself is a remarkable place to live , but it 's so far removed from any other place that i ca n't imagine moving there , and for that reason alone it 's hard to objectively call it a better place to live than ` pretty much anywhere in europe this also shows in the economy . 
  agriculture and mining is very important compared to other comparable nations so is education , law , tourism and so on all of which might be difficult to get into when you 're moving there . 
  i know personally that the market for software engineers is much more competitive than in most other places , because it 's not a country where an industry like that would go naturally . 
  remove all evil european fishing regulations , rebuild glorious bass empire !, 
  ( or whatever fishers catch in the uk , i 've got no idea ), 
  is that a new thing here ? 
  insulting students from your basement because he 's actually making sensible points ? 
  because nobody gets a personal and deep insight by looking at a few colours on a map . 
  this is not an issue that suits itself to abstraction in such a way . 
  you 're better of interviewing people to get a picture of what live for homosexuals in the country means in different areas and fields than trying to squeeze something like this on a bar chart for quick consumption . 
  the ` mapification ' of complex issues is stupid . 
  what does ''  70 % support for ssm '' in concrete terms even mean ? 
  what do advocates believe , what do people object to ? 
  this is just fast food politics . 
   it 's not really an arbitrary metric . 
  the extent to which a country grants legal rights to gays is going to be highly correlated with acceptance . 
  meh , it just tells you what the majority no matter how thin believes , it ignores polarisation . 
  pressing social issues with the sledgehammer although you have a large minority of opponents actually opens liberal parties up for attack , this is not very smart . 
  this is what backfired hard on clinton and obama who over-stressed social issues . 
  legal rights only count for much if you do n't happen to live in a neighbourhood of anti-gay zealots , especially in countries with federal structures . 
  if you want to see how this is done in a smart way look at merkel . 
  she gives 10 % to the right by calling it a civil union and limiting adoption rights but she dismantles 90 % of the reactionary opposition by doing so . 
  you 'll still get to the same result eventually , you just avoid potential backlash along the way . 
  in other words , you avoid trump . 
  democrats now face the threat of getting a conservative judiciary for decades to come just because they spent political capital on issues that would have resolved themselves given enough time . 
  they are saying that limiting it to the legal dimension is arbitrary in itself . 
  one issue is of course that a majority of 51 % can push through really strong legal rights for gay people , while a sizeable minority is still furious , likewise you could have a country with a larger governing majority which had to compromise on legal gay rights issues with its coalition partner , but the population is less divided . 
  it is not directly clear to me which situation is better for gay people overall , and these graphs oversimplify these issues . 
  i think this kind of map/graph-mania is not productive . 
  well first off we have a global workforce that is more than equipped to take on the task of jobs that were formerly reserved for menial western labour , hence protecting their labour drives jobs to other countries . 
  no matter how you start to protect these people , it 'll be a loss either way . 
  not to mention that we 're at the point where these people might be replaced by machines over the course of ten years . 
  we do n't have a monopoly on labour any more . 
  further , people do n't live exclusively in traditional family structures any more , there 's countless of social and cultural groups people care about , they 're not first and foremost workers . 
  also most benefits nowadays do n't come in form of wages , they exist in form of expanding public utilities . 
  yes we still have workers and business owners . 
  we also still eat potatoes and have farmers , but nobody advocates to go back to the agrarian society of the 19th century . 
  also france has n't actually implemented any ` neoliberal ' policies . 
  you ca n't even get rid of the idiotic 35h work week . 
  not only is there no class struggle , there is no such thing as ` class ' at all any more , as exemplified by the slow demise of socialist parties everywhere . 
  you might as well start to talk about the merits of chariots , it 's completely anachronistic . 
  if the whipping that corbyn ( in the face of an utterly embarassing opposition ) has gotten in the uk is n't a wake up call i do n't know what is . 
  i 'm not naive , i 'm telling you what everybody who has a pair of eyes can see . 
  fourth time actually . 
  she governed two times with the spd and once with the fdp . 
  again , being unemployed gives you nothing either . 
  we 're talking about alternatives here , not absolutes . 
  a bad job is better than no job . 
  in germany the overwhelming amount of jobs generated nowadays are legitimate fully-insured jobs and the ratio has shifted ever since we reformed the labour market . 
  so the trend goes upward . 
  unions suck nowadays . 
  we do n't live in the industrial 60s any more , we live in an information economy . 
  we have few workers with high productivity , with individual needs and decisions . 
  they desire flexibility , not one size fits all solutions . 
  the problem is that the french mindset is dominated by the idea of class warfare , which nobody actually wants to take part in any more . 
  which is n't relevant in france , no such thing as fptp . 
  also of course the margins between macron and lepen are much larger than between trump and clinton . 
  the election is still a few months away , i 'm personally sceptical if schulz can keep this level of enthusiasm up . 
  i think it 's likely that merkel can edge out a win , although more narrowly than expected . 
   what is the point of being employed in liberal economy when you are being paid shit and can be terminated at will ? 
  better than being unemployed and gives a path to better employment . 
  if you want more equality prop up the welfare state , stop messing with the labour market . 
  french rigid labour policy has such a notoriously bad track record , it 's simply impossible to defend if you 're actually looking at the data . 
  in the us this is called the visa waiver roadmap , in europe this legislation http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2013:347:0074:0080:en:pdf requires all countries to enact a common visa policy . 
  european countries are legally bound to stop discrimination of other members . 
  and no , the eu does not need to federalize , i do n't know why you think you can tell the eu what to do . 
  if the us does not want to honour their commitment , we 'll simply introduce us visas again . 
  simple as that . 
  where do you get this idea from that visas can only be negotiated bilaterally ? 
  if the eu wants to bargain collectively we can do precisely that . 
  no , they 're not as in this is literally an existing agreement between the united states and europe , it is reciprocal and the us is not honouring their side , hence end of visa free travel for us citizens . 
  there is strong consensus among historians that the british empire greatly exacerbated if not caused vast famines in the colonies . 
  this is historical revisionism of the worst kind . 
  yes , we all know that churchill could also express himself diplomatically if he wanted to , sadly that did n't bring a single dead bengal back . 
  imagine someone defending stalin like this , ignoring the millions and millions of victims by digging out a nice letter he wrote to a foreign head of state . 
  you 'd be laughed out of the room . 
  that people need to jump to his defence instead of simply acknowledging that he was a swine of a man even by the standards of his time is more than telling . 
  are you serious ? 
  this is literally in the op 's article . 
   between 12 and 29 million indians died of starvation while it was under the control of the british empire , as millions of tons of wheat were exported to britain as famine raged in india . 
   in 1943 , up to four million bengalis starved to death when winston churchill diverted food to british soldiers and countries such as greece while a deadly famine swept through bengal . 
   talking about the bengal famine in 1943 , churchill said : `` i hate indians . 
  they are a beastly people with a beastly religion . 
  the famine was their own fault for breeding like rabbits . '' how does this not amount to engineering ?
