  i do n't fucking disagree , this is called `` extremism of the middle-class '' and is mainstream thought in germany since the 60 's . 
  i did n't say they 're poor , i said that they follow demagogues . 
  they 're not lumpen , that is correct but they are hotheads . 
  you 're just interpreting things into what i say . 
  i have good advice for you , stop doing that . 
  most democratic states right now suffer from the same problem , this is n't really trump related in any meaningful sense . 
  i do n't even know what the last sentence is supposed to mean or what it has to do with my post . 
  it does n't matter what i 'm in charge of . 
  welfare and democratic participation are two unrelated issues . 
  i do n't get it , did you respond to the wrong person ? 
  where did i make a claim about trump voters ? 
  i did n't even talk about trump . 
  why are you throwing random articles at me lol obviously the issue of democratic participation and social welfare are n't related . 
  i can at the same time hold the belief of providing welfare for people without necessarily giving them strong or direct participation . 
  two different issues . 
  depends on your definition of democracy really of which there are many . 
  it definitely is n't democratic in any burkean sense . 
  i do n't want to be memed into stupid decisions by hotheads who listen to the lowest common denominator of the voter base . 
  everybody 's modern nation state is a result of nationalism lol , hardly an argument . 
  the ` old empire ' mode of governance was much preferable to nation states , it 's actually a much more robust model . 
  we should go back to it . 
  it provides more regional autonomy and deeper integration on issues that matter . 
  homogeneous rigid nation states with their conflict driven borders are the worst thing we ever invented . 
  i 'm not a fan of either british or scottish nationalism for what it 's worth . 
  i 'm not the same person you started talking to , what question ? 
  how nationalism relates to stupidity ? 
  because it 's short sighted , an emotional reflex to perceived threats often with terrible outcomes for everybody involved . 
  that qualifies as stupid in my book as well . 
  which was a stupid decision anyway because it destroyed europe 's balance of power . 
  you 're buying into some kind of meme version of bismarck . 
  the historical legacy of germany 's way too rapid rise to power in europe is a giant clusterfuck, 
  i ca n't , it 's dutch, 
  `` will ever have ? '', 
  as in including leaders we have not had yet ? 
  you 're venturing into religious prophecy territory here also the legacy of bismarck is n't really that great . 
  anti-catholic and anti-polish culture war + militarism laid the foundation for very bad things to come , and the much praised * b\u00fcndnispolitik * was in truth highly fragile and dragged all of europe into war at the same time . 
  he was basically lucky that ww i did n't happen 20 years earlier because then we 'd call it the natural conclusion of 19th century politics . 
  you 're objecting to use of the term ... ? 
  after several elections now i guess it 's fair to say that the afd will not be a big threat at least in the west german states and on the federal level . 
  some of the east german states with shorter democratic history seem to be more susceptible to populists . 
  many countries do n't have those things , including non-totalitarian ones . 
  since when is managing public health and safety totalitarian ? 
  we collectively pay for this stuff . 
  the consequences of alcohol consumption are pretty crazy . 
  it kills a lot of people , ruins families and society has to pay for the costs of people abusing it , given that we have a solidarity based healthcare system . 
  in most countries a third of traffic accidents is alcohol related . 
  that 's easily thousands if not tens of thousands avoidable injuries and deaths every year . 
  sure . 
  seriously you think allowing prostitution and guns is some kind of achievement ? 
  what is this , the redneck-topia ? 
  how about you move to the next stage of civilisation and get actual hobbies, 
  yep it 's basically welfare capitalism that fully leverages market economies . 
  there 's very little overlap with socialist ideas , the difference seems to be lost on some people at the moment . 
  socialists in any genuine sense do not want atomised welfare solutions , see for example melenchon 's rejection of the ubi . 
  i mean i get why people mix it up , most self-proclaimed socialists nowadays have seemed to turn away from classical marxist ideas . 
  i do n't think we need european patriotism at all , i think it 's actually great that we 're beginning to emancipate ourselves from these kinds of ideas . 
  it 's also problematic because the eu is not a historical , ` natural ' or traditional institution . 
  it explicitly breaks with tradition , it 's a purely civil institution and an end to historicism in itself . 
  that 's why sentimental nationalism towards the eu will never work . 
  the eu is like a huge singapore , built by people through common will , not old heritage . 
  i do n't agree with people who think you can somehow create a kind of ` old-europe ' eu . 
  the right-wingers are actually correct when they say that the eu ends this part of history for good . 
  they 're just wrong if they think that this is bad . 
  nah we do n't need a soft version of this . 
  in fact that we do n't even have such a phrase any more is just an example that we , at least for the most part , have left that romantic , sentimental stuff behind . 
  * deutscht\u00fcmelei * is nothing we really need again . 
  it seems like our businesses are doing great without it, 
  the guy looks like he is so shitfaced that he does n't even know where he is but for some reason he still runs the place that 's pretty admirable in and of itself, 
  no , you do n't need a new party you need new institutions . 
  the us was designed as a republic with deliberate distance between officials and the public . 
  if you go read the federalist papers this radical democratisation ( as in flatness of the system ) is what many people feared . 
  the problem is that some random clown can be memed into the white house because someone without political experience can run in direct elections . 
  you need to bring some hierarchy back that filters bad candidates out . 
  the republicans need super-delegates or some other measure to filter out demagogues . 
  you must be one of those american senators i 've heard of !, 
  well it was , the democratic platform was fundamentally sound and clinton was a not very charismatic but at least qualified candidate . 
  trump and the gop ca n't even be called a political party any more , it 's an insurgency of crazy people . 
  even if the democrats had edged out a win with 1 % or whatever the same issue would still be there . 
  maybe the people should just change their `` tough stance on immigration '' then , seems to be a magnet for imbeciles for a reason, 
  this is a meaningless technicality . 
  the man does n't deserve 5 % of the vote , he is an absolute joke . 
  practically half of the voterbase voted for him and the rest apparently did n't care , which says enough, 
  religion is the subjection to authority , placing ones values outside oneself . 
  non religion is the personal creation of values , that is to say not subjecting yourself to some ` big other ' whether that big other is jesus , stalin or whatever is secondary, 
  i watched the show in english , and he literally needs to secure his family financially because his treatment costs a fucking fortune ( which his business friends later cover ) because there 's no social security . 
  that 's the same thing lmao you need to go back to t_d you seem triggered, 
  not everybody knows a guy and not everybody has a drug dealer , and definitely not everybody has the money to buy an illegal gun . 
  especially not the kind of people that commit terrorism right now , which are mostly failed biographies from the lower social classes with little support . 
   the only thing i admired about the ussr was how they put an end to institutional religion . 
  but they did n't , they replaced the church with the party committee . 
  the opposite of religion is individual liberty , not full subjection to some earthly authority instead of a celestial one . 
  emancipation from religion through propaganda like this is in itself contradictory . 
  ( and also why they can simply reinstate religion as soon as the glorious secular leaders are gone ), 
  most secular nationalist movements in the middle east are socialist insipired , see the ba'ath movement . 
  most importantly they are also almost all soviet-ish authoritarian including kemalism, 
  sure they do , you just likely happen to disagree with the majority opinion . 
  do n't engage in the delusion that you are part of some silent majority . 
  that in fact is the most prominent sign of extremism . 
  in a purely representative sense no , obviously not . 
  a radical islamist in iran is much less of an extremist there than he is here .
