  how is this different from soviet centralisation with explicit neglect and starvation of the colonial peasant population ? 
  have you actually ever read some of churchill 's statements on the colonial populations ? 
   as colonial secretary in the 1920s , he unleashed the notorious black and tan thugs on ireland 's catholic civilians , and when the kurds rebelled against british rule , he said : `` i am strongly in favour of using poisoned gas against uncivilised tribes ... [ it ] would spread a lively terror . '', 
   on the other hand it does contribute to sprawl a bit huh if implemented properly it should actually prevent sprawl because it encourages people to use the land they buy productively as the tax is only determined by the area , not what you do on it , so you want to get as much productivity out of your land as you can . 
  i think the sprawl thing is a cultural phenomenon in the us . 
  people like their big houses and families and cars and rich people in the us tend to move out of the city into the suburbs rather than into the city like in europe . 
  it 's probably tied into the whole drug war crime wave as well that hit many us cities in the 80 's and 90 's . 
  well there is not much context to it , that is literally the whole post followed up by some accusation thrown at us german ` jerrys ' , so the context arguably makes it worse . 
  what is asinine about this attitude to history is that you do n't just throw it all away , you only throw the bad parts away . 
  if you do n't want to take responsibility for your country 's history , fine but then do n't act like you can actually claim anything on your nationality either . 
  you drop it completely or you own it all , picking and choosing is hypocritical and leads to vain nationalism . 
  you want to move on okay , but dwelling in your ` britishness ' or some other fictional or romantic account of your own history while snapping at everybody who actually takes a sober look at it is simply childish . 
  nobody is disputing this , the problem is more that this logic usually only ever seems to apply to one 's own empire . 
  imagine someone making a post going into the nuances of soviet imperialism and the great technological leaps that came with it . 
  i wonder how that post would be perceived . 
  this is not about some objective evaluation , it 's about how one reflects on their own history . 
  there is an upvoted british comment in this thread that simply says `` muh famine '' . 
  imagine that joke in holodomor thread made by a russian . 
  well that 's an issue for any form of taxation really and i guess you mostly avoid it by creating international institutions that set common standards . 
  land-value-taxes are harder to avoid though because . . well you ca n't move land around . 
  so that 's one advantage it has over corporate taxation already . 
  also very underutilised in europe ( the us actually uses them to at least some degree ) probably because they do actually work . 
  they also set the incentive to utilise land productively , which is a godsend in areas where people just keep buying it up for no reason . 
  i 'm aware of the alternatives but frankly i think they all produce horrible results with the exception of those that just obscure your identity and query google . 
  this is a problem of every alternative people advocate over `` evil big corporations '' it just does n't hold up to any production standards . 
  there are very few exceptions . 
  ( linux + some open source solutions in the software space , but that 's about it ) i 've just never have someone giving me an explanation how we 're going to produce decentralised cars or planes . 
  large organisations are necessary to keep the lights on . 
  well moving labour to the cheapest places is good for those places , after all we 've seen one billion people being lifted out of absolute poverty over the last few decades . 
  corporate taxation is n't really optimal and ought to have been replaced with individual and property taxation long ago . 
  also you need to provide me with a viable alternative to google because i still want to search the internet and i also want modern medical research . 
  ca n't do biotech in your garage . 
  global companies at the moment fulfil a vital role that you need to provide an alternative for . 
  well big global companies are fine too if properly regulated . 
  in fact it 's pretty hard to imagine how we would maintain prosperity if we do n't have the scale of global companies available . 
  if you want to get all serious about the comparison erdolf is the better fit . 
  he actually kind of has the same political life story as well . 
  starts out in prison because of political extremism and then comes back leading the charge . 
  italian fascism had quite a lot of left-wing and avantgarde ideas all of which is basically missing in turkey . 
  erdogan 's ` pleb authoritarianism ' is much more nazi like, 
  it 's likely going to be juppe if he is replaced , right ? 
  what 's the chances of macron making it to the second round if juppe is back in ? 
  probably more difficult than against fillon ? 
  in germany i think you could ban them on grounds of causing civil unrest / security reasons and maybe hate speech if the speaker ventures into extremely racist territory or whatever . 
  i do n't really think you can ban a political speaker on the grounds of advocating to vote in a foreign election . 
  arguably sounds like an overreach too to enact such a law just for the turkey case . 
  this usually is n't a problem . 
  this is correct . 
  the holocaust is quite unique when compared to other genocides due to it 's completely machine-like nature . 
  it was n't about political power claims , territorial disputes or anything , it was an extermination planned down to the last minuscule detail . 
  in many concentration camps the mass killing was calculated to the point of choosing the cheapest substances available to maximize the rate of killing . 
  people do n't seem to get the qualitative difference here . 
  yes , genghis khan , the soviets they were all terrible but the deaths pretty much all followed conventional political goals . 
  which is bad enough , but not comparable to the extermination campaign of the nazis . 
  sure that these efforts exist is undeniable , but to prop them up to some spook is n't necessary and an actively bad idea . 
  strategically stupid because it plays into the hands of these groups to alienate larger parts of the otherwise indifferent population . 
  if someone from an immigrant community perceives measures as a state crackdown on them they 're more likely to gravitate towards these foreign groups . 
  better to deal with them through intelligence channels rather than making it a general issue . 
  have the intelligence community collect compromising info on high tier turkish officials and if they continue these efforts retaliate . 
  we 've got them for a reason . 
  unnecessary to divide the population over this . 
  which i hope is n't actually a position you endorse . 
  this is fifth column talk . 
  sure there is always the notorious expat who tells you how his country of origin 's kleptocrat is awesome while the west is stupid and decadent and so on , but please do n't make these people more important than they are . 
  this is often thrown at german turks as well although 70 % + of the eligible voters here do n't even participate in the elections . 
  it 's often a small but loud and annoying base of loyalists . 
  can you at least respond to the whole post instead of throwing another buzzword out there ? 
  where does the ` pc police ' interfer with the function of the university ? 
  what goal at a university can i not achieve now that i could fifty years ago ? 
  claiming that political correctness ( whatever that may be ) interferes with learning is a pretty strong statement . 
  stop thinking in silly memes . 
  a university is obviously a ` safe space ' insofar that it creates an academic environment in which people can study formally without needless interference . 
  i ca n't think of any degree that is obtainable at a university where some terminology change would stop you from pursuing it . 
  you ca n't become an engineer or a doctor any more because you replace the word ` manpower ' with ` human resources ' ? 
  give me a concrete example that shows me where this change in language hinders a student 's progress . 
  you are simply upset about a college adopting terminology that you do not approve of . 
  there literally seems to me no reason to assume that it impacts the performance of the institution . 
   i mean , the article says they want to ban words ... ever worked in a professional environment ? 
  you might be surprised that such a thing as a code of conduct does exist and that you can not just talk to your peers in any way you like . 
  this is neither new or liberal . 
  i do n't know if people here genuinely live on 4chan if they think they can just express themselves however they want in every social situation . 
  also they 're not just targeted at women  `` man in the street '' , `` common man '' | | average/ordinary/typical citizen/person, 
  i do n't really know why you think that having customs , rules and guidelines concerning speech is anything new or even especially political . 
  there 's honorifics in language for thousands of years , there 's usually phrases or words with certain social taboos and so on , this is as true for conservative japanese people as it is for liberal kids on an american campus . 
  nobody is trying to criminalise thought , you can think whatever you want , but if you enter some institution no matter if it is a church , your local government or a university you 'll probably run into rules that tell you how to conduct yourself . 
  they are saying that american campus culture with all the assisted living and the dorm rooms and what not is peculiar , ` city ' was just a strange choice of words . 
  among other things we 're probably going to have to significantly adjust our defence spending as the united states ventures into isolationism . 
  personally ? 
  one of my colleagues is german-iranian and was directly impacted by his travel ban . 
  his threats targeting free trade might impact my business . 
  i think that says more about american voters than it says about me honestly american politics directly impacts us , so i and others obviously care . 
  his powers as a president are derived from formal institutions , he is not a celebrity any more . 
  a lack of news coverage will not hurt him in the slightest , negative coverage might . 
  campaign trail logic does not apply here . 
   they should only count percentage of overstays to make it objective it 's a moot point anyway . 
  just like the rate probably varies regionally in germany the eu exists to collectively bargain on behalf of its citizens , so we should n't give in to any unequal treatment either way . 
  good . 
  this needs to become a macron and schulz themed sub . 
  implement vocational training and an apprenticeship system , does wonders for youth unemployment . 
  the university craze is killing some countries .
