  hear in germany or denmark we usually try to seek compromise before we go all haywire . 
  how is this not better ? 
  they exist to carry expertise into government that would get lost on other channels . 
  say a biotech company wants to push legislation that makes sense for the sector , they really do n't have any other channel because their strength is n't in numbers . 
  this is a good thing . 
  the public is largely clueless when it comes to minutious or technical legislation , including politicians . 
  the effects of popular opinion running rampart can be seen when looking at gmo policies in europe . 
   it 's not a conspiracy that he 's promoting a certain agenda through his philanthropic activities . 
  sorry but how do you run a philanthropic organisation without an agenda ? 
  what people are doing is trying to play on the stereotype of the ` internationalist jew that undermines glorious nation state x ' . 
  it 's jewish bolshevism of the 21st century , with the difference that it 's now liberalism instead of communism . 
   would you really trust , for example , the podesta emails to nytimes yes , the nyt is a quality newspaper . 
  people need to stop with the tinfoil hat and ` muh establishment ' crap . 
  it 's intellectual garbage . 
  it would need to be impartial in its info-dumping . 
  if it dumps information selectively it can distort the results or put people at risk . 
  the dumps against the democrats in the us election came at fairly important points of the campaign and wikileaks is basically silent on russia . 
  the whole method is basically crap , it 's the equivalent of shitposting . 
  whistleblowers should hand over the data to journalists who can protect the privacy of individuals and put information into context . 
   i guess it could , but the entire left-wing will be pissed out their minds and call the government racist , fascist etc. 
  i 'm leaning more on the conservative side of things and you do n't need to a left-winger to understand what a silly move this is . 
  pretty much all modern countries employ a mix of positive and negative liberties with the former often taking precedence . 
  for example every citizen in germany is entitled to education in healthcare , which because funded through taxation and being compulsory interferes with your negative liberties . 
  no society operates solely on negative freedoms . 
   it does not say anywhere in the holy text as afaik to cover yourself from head to toe . 
  it does n't need to . 
  the constitution protects religious beliefs , traditions and practices , it does not evaluate scripture . 
  there are countless religious organisations that have no scripture at all . 
  but what 's with his face , it 's like a goldfish has been put into a human body, 
   when you try to replace them . 
  ah yes , the great ` replacement ' lol . 
  how does this work , i get a card one day and then i 'm being shipped off ? 
  you people need to leave your fucking basements, 
  well ... it 's a pretty solid gesture , at least it 's better [ than this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gkgdsbg.gifv ), 
  singapore essentially turned from being a literal swamp less than two generations ago into a world leader in education and one of the most developed states on the planet . 
  same is true for south korea that turned from a dictatorship into a modern society . 
  japan 's post-war rebuilding is obviously also impressive . 
  suicide rates and other issues obviously need to be addressed , but this is a different topic . 
  i 'd also like some evidence concerning that east germany claim . 
  the success of education in asia and also the former soviet states is something you ca n't really deny . 
  the dominance of these countries in academic fields although they were never economically competitive alone shows that the success of education can not be overstated . 
  well the church actually reimburses the states for administration costs , so that is taken care of . 
  it exists partially for historical reasons ( church and state in germany where at times pretty close ) and partially because it 's practical given how many christians live in germany . 
  as long as the state is n't favouring anybody it 's basically just a bureaucratic process and nobody is upset about it . 
  i assume the churches like it because pretty much everybody pays if the tax is automatically deducted from your income . 
  you do n't apply for state funds , religious organisations collect taxes of their members through the state . 
  christ man please read up on this before you start to argue . 
  and no , the members of the churches do not need to be german citizens . 
  no , you do n't need to hit a certain percentage of the population in germany . 
  you need to be a ` k\u00f6rperschaft des \u00f6ffentliches rechts ' , in other words you need to be a publicly recognised organisation . 
  you do n't seem to be familiar with the german law at all . 
  [ these organisations in germany could theoretically collect taxes ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/kirchensteuer_ ( deutschland \\ ) #verzicht _ auf_den_einzug_von_kirchensteuern ) , the smallest of them only have a few thousand members . 
  we can agree though that the three major abrahamitic faiths are unambiguously established religions , yes ? 
  islam , christianity and judaism are n't exactly ` blahblahblah ' . 
  and this seems to be the second time that the slovakian government raises the member number in 20 years . 
  this seems like a discriminatory measure to deny muslims the official status . 
  yes , we do actually . 
  if you 're hinting at the fact that the state in germany collects taxes for the catholic and protestant churches , every religious organisation can in principle apply for this . 
  i did n't say anything about the patriarchy , and neither did i blame the children , i am saying that parents and society need to instil in their kids behaviour ( no matter if they are boys or girls ) to respect their teacher and education , regardless of sex , race or whatever of the teacher . 
  in fact you 're arguing that some kind of matriarchy insists if you argue that there are just too many women and that we desperately need to get more men in . 
  this is the patriarchy argument in reverse . 
  i grew up as an expat in japan and there are plenty of female teachers . 
  the gender education gap is almost zero . 
  why ? 
  because the kids are taught to behave and respect their teacher , it 's that simple . 
  the rebelling in school and gender issues are the consequence of a disregard for the value of education . 
  the soviet union managed to eradicate an astonishing amount of education inequality not by teaching that boys only understand boys or some comparable voodoo but by shaping citizens and portraying education as fundamentally important . 
  it 's probably better to change the cultural attitudes that lead children to disregard authority from teachers of the opposite sex than trying to balance every job out . 
  a state does n't recognise it as a place of worship , it 's about that simple . 
  ` place of worship ' is a legal term , they 're designated places that generally enjoy special protection under international and national law . 
  how is this not unconstitutional , does the slovakian constitution not guarantee religious equality ? 
   he also said in 2010 that u.s. foreign policy was made in israel . 
  to be fair ` the jews run everything ' has probably been uttered by every group on this some planet at least once . 
  antisemitism is still so prevalent everywhere that we should n't treat it as the problem of some isolated group . 
  podemos is a leftist * pro-european * populist movement though , which is very different from all the populist movements over here . 
  podemos although pushing anti-establishment rhetoric has pretty substantial overlap with the liberal centre . 
  in case you have n't noticed the word has enjoyed a mixed use because it 's being used differently in the us . 
  the parties are the strongest in nations where the crisis did n't even really have an impact . 
  pain and sportugal are mostly free of this stuff and they 're absolutely suffering from economic recession . 
  i would n't just reduce it to the recession . 
  in many northern and central european countries it 's an acidulous form of welfare chauvinism . 
  it 's almost as if there 's more important policies than gay marriage ... like economic policies on which cameron definitely was a conservative, 
  that 's the point though , the left * needs to turn towards the center * , there is no broad left coalition that exists in italy or anywhere else for that matter and there 's no progressive revolution incoming , it 's a pipedream . 
  he 's making a fair point . 
  the constant populist impulse on the left legitimizes right-wing candidates , who at this point are far more numerous than their left-wing counterparts . 
  they are actively hurting their own cause by collaborating with people that oppose everything they stand for . 
  it 's like bernie supporters who voted for trump , where is the logic in this apart from lashing out ? 
  it 's also not a particularly italian phenomenon , it 's happening everywhere . 
  you 're not exactly disproving his right-wing accusations by disregarding his opinion because he is a foreigner ... in a european subreddit at that, 
  just because trump is acting more mercurial than a conservative does n't mean he 's anywhere left on the political spectrum . 
  numerous far-right ideologies incorporate left-wing ideas , fascism being the most prominent one ( utilising a working class vanguard , mass populism etc ) . 
  the guy looks like a centre-liberal candidate , how is an econ prof with moderate positions a far-left candidate ? 
  do you think you might be suffering from `` if you 're at the north pole every direction points south '' syndrome ? 
  interestingly enough [ the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21710816-country-needs-far-reaching-reforms-just-not-ones-offer-why-italy-should-vote-no ) has been arguing for a ` no ' in the italian referendum as they see the chance of having a more technocratic government step in instead of grillo . 
  e : because automoderator was bugging me  italy has long been the biggest threat to the survival of the euro , and the european union . 
  its gdp per head is stuck at the level of the late 1990s . 
  its labour market is sclerotic . 
  its banks are stuffed with non-performing loans . 
  the state is burdened with the second-highest debt load in the euro zone , at 133 % of gdp . 
  if italy veers towards default , it will be too big to rescue .
