   it 's not right that they were killed , but they were knowingly involved in things that often lead to violence . 
  you do recognize though that participating in a revolution once does n't mean i can just kill you in your apartment and throw you in a canal later ? 
  would really love to see him win , very pragmatic candidate with much preferable policies compared to fillon . 
  i would n't be surprised if it 's prague , i 'm pretty sure elon musk is planning to be a real life deus ex character, 
  what assumption do you think our judicial system rests on ? 
  that we have no epistemic access to reality and just punish people for shits and giggles ? 
  of course it 's not that easy , but it 's the best thing we have and that is what matters . 
  rt is part of the russian propaganda effort , they do n't exist to report truthfully but to further the agenda of the russian government , which is not exactly to further reason and universal progress to say the least . 
  every time you try to figure out truth there is bound to be disagreement , especially in political reporting . 
  but there is a difference between genuine disagreement while trying to get closer to what is really going on , and bullshitting to further a reactionary agenda . 
  and this is very much what 's at stake here . 
  and the only reason to get a grip on this is to forcefully point out when someone tries to undermine our discourse by injecting fake information into it . 
  if you let everybody scream the loudest person wins , not the one that is correct . 
  then do n't read shitty newspapers ? 
  what 's amusing about accepting that there is such a thing as a factual reality ? 
  one wrong act of reporting does not invalidate a whole institution , the question is whether they can self-correct errors . 
  which in quality journalism usually happens . 
  ( nobody even reported the golden shower thing as fact , although i agree that cnn and buzzfeed reported prematurely ) of course established newspapers are still very much capable and reliable and do good work , * far better work * than some hobby reporter on facebook . 
  we do n't ditch the scientific method because one scientist is wrong or all of our courts because one municipality is corrupt . 
  we simply correct it and move on with our lives . 
  as a whole journalism at least in the west is not corrupt , it 's still the best thing to put information into context that we have . 
  the people who throw blanket accusations against our journalistic institutions are marginalized groups who are marginalized for good reasons . 
  and they push this `` who decides what facts are '' postmodern nonsense because the only thing they have is their victimhood . 
  yes , we very much can . 
  you trust the opinion of experts all the time . 
  do you not trust your doctor if he gives you a medical opinion ? 
  do you not trust a state court if he considers someone to be guilty based on evidence ? 
  in all these cases you trust that people can investigate reality to a degree that justifies judgement . 
  this is consensus in our society . 
  we are not living in some relativist bottomless pit just because it benefits conspiracy theorists on facebook . 
  nobody needs to . 
  we are living in an objective reality . 
  things are true by virtue of being independently verifiable . 
  we are simply labeling it accordingly, 
  you seem to be confused heliocentricity is not fake news in case you have n't noticed we 've entered the era of modernity , the church is n't governing anymore , and scientific reasoning is the established mode of discovering truth . 
  the fitting analogy would be to ask whether the pope should be allowed to publish geocentric theories in magazines , to which i would answer , no or at least flag the nonsense, 
   one of the hottest things in the money making section of the forums last time i checked , was creating news websites that pretty much exclusively pander to conservative sentiment . 
  they would talk about writing ` news ' articles bashing hillary and promoting conservative ideology - even if it was all for the most part insufficiently researched and rather poorly written . 
  there was a planet money episode on this a while back . 
  http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2016/12/02/504155809/episode-739-finding-the-fake-news-king the guy was raking in 30k/month by running far-right news sites . 
  he tried to run liberal ones too but those only got a fraction of listeners and basically made him no money . 
  journalistic integrity and ethical standards have been part of reporting since we created the federal republic . 
  i do n't see why this is supposed to be binding for the faz but not for hans on facebook . 
  if people want to spread information to hundreds or thousands of people they better are as accountable as anybody else . 
  who said that , do you think we are the catholic church ? 
  selection pressure on humans is pretty negligible , and that assumption is probably wrong . 
  south korea has never been part of the european union , and wo n't be because it 's at the other end of the world . 
  giving the uk preferential treatment means making yourself vulnerable to blackmail from other member states that want more goodies . 
  walking away from a bad deal into which direction ? 
  there is two brexits , one which is brexit in name only and one which actually means leaving the single market . 
  there will be no preferential treatment for the uk . 
  the ` liberal nexus ' idea sounds eerily like ` socialism in one country ' . 
  i fear that if the us starts to withdraw into itself as can already be seen with trump you 're not going to end up stronger . 
  honestly it sounds more like a rationalisation for the fact that global liberalism is running into very real problems . 
  i would n't just shake it off like that . 
  but ` the anglosphere ' is strongest when it looks outward . 
  it 's lack of tradition * is * its culture . 
  i find the idea of trying to build traditionalist anglosphere sort of ridiculous because the only reason it exists is because it ended the territorial and historical logic . 
  this just sounds like a poor man 's eurasia . 
  i would n't really call ` the end of history ' notion failed either , fukuyama himself has warned in the book that liberal democracy may experience setbacks . 
  it still is the best form of government and the us ought to do its job an promote it . 
  well i was a little fast and lose with the terminology i 'll admit but i think lem was so influencial on all eastern/communist sci-fi that i put him into the category . 
  also i think he has this `` hopeful humanist , but deeply fucked up '' attitude that is very brilliant and that you find in a lot of soviet fiction that had to live through all the poverty oppression etc. . for me he was always writing in that tradition , i never saw him as a intrinsically polish writer and i do n't mean this in some offensive way . 
  i think most sci-fi does n't really fall into national traditions . 
  as i told the other guy i think it 's fair given the themes and influence of his work . 
  but as soon as i had posted it i knew that jimmies would not stay unrustled just be glad that i 'm not pk dick, 
  parliamentary sovereignty is not a good system at all, 
  well because people lived under a constant all powerful state that exercised state terrorism 24/7 . 
  that 's like saying there 's no terrorism in north korea , which is probably true , but not because it 's a great place but because oppression is absolute also post ussr eastern bloc has to deal with significant amount of terrorism and separatism to the degree that it usually has simply been called ` civil war ' , because the violence long had eclipsed the point at which terrorism was a fitting term . 
  this is n't new and it 's not particularly german . 
  i have the feeling most people here were n't alive during the troubles and basque secessionism . 
  political terrorism in europe or anywhere else for that matter is n't a new thing, 
  no it 's not because lem literally lived in communist poland and his work actually had tremendous influence on all of soviet sci-fi . 
  if this is just going to be a rant about how we can not attribute anything to communism because it 's evil and so on i 'm not interested sry, 
  can you be a little more specific , maybe ? 
  * summa technologiae * and the cyberiad definitely address these things , also his earlier writings like * the astronauts * is heavily influenced by socialist realism . 
  he lived most of his live under communist rule and his fiction is definitely influenced by it , so i think that 's fair ? 
  i mean most of what he 's written about has to do with conflict between individuals and the collective , role of technology in society , militarism etc. . so definitely communist/soviet centred themes, 
  well if you 're looking for good soviet sci-fi you can move on the strugatzkis and lem !, 
  to call his views ` staunchly anti-ukrainian ' is putting it mildly, 
  [ philosophical arguments in russia are known to get heated ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/russian-man-shot-in-quarrel-over-immanuel-kant-s-philosophy-8820327.html ), 
  the tpp literally does all those things . 
  why do you assume that people who protest against the tpp actually have the slightest idea about the content or the function of trade agreements ? 
  people protest gmo 's on the street in europe without any shed of evidence that they 're harmful . 
  job creation due to reduction of tariffs on us products especially in the steel , machine agricult . 
  sector . 
  lower import tariffs on certain goods which means lower prices for us consumers . 
  also removal of some access barriers in the service sector . 
  enforcement of very high us trade standards on the pacific rim countries ( wto has no common environmental or product standards ) . 
  ` high ' in this context means compliant with ilo ( international labour organisation ) standards . 
  this is important because any other trade framework with say china will definitely result in lower standards in the region , which puts the us at a disadvantage high environmental standards and protection of american ip . 
  ( do n't know why you 're excluding this point , this is a good thing for american workers , they do n't suffer from american ip protection ? ), 
  net increase of wealth overall . 
  also tpp would have set fair rules as far as state involvement is concerned , which is generally beneficial to the us because they 've a competitive private sector . 
   i do n't think everyone is aware that internet advertising is a security and privacy risk . 
  meh most of them are , people are just lazy . 
  it 's not like most people do n't use pgp because they 've overslept the snowden leaks , they just do n't care / do n't want to change their setup, 
  well sure there are people who believe in healing crystals and that climate change is a hoax and so on , but i think for most people fake news is consumed and spread because it politically empowers them . 
  they know perfectly well that it is bullshit but they do n't care for the truth or fact , they want to get into power . 
  just take karl popper on this  unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance .
