  nature is a horrible mess , it has produced the black death and did n't equip the dinosaurs to take a meteor hit to the face . 
  there is not necessary a `` more effective solution '' simply because the invisible hand of nature will guide everybody to happiness . 
  this is religious thinking . 
  to create the right institutions and structures to organise our life in reasonable ways is * entirely up to us * , and we can fuck it up equally badly and have numerous times . 
  nation states do n't exist for any higher or smart reason , they occasionally are dismantled or created out of very narrowly defined temporary interests . 
   if sa refuses to see women because they believe women should not have any authority , do we accept that ? 
   yes , it 's international diplomacy it 's not about fucking values . 
  if you can strike a nuclear deal with iran or solve the israel/palestine conflict wear ten fucking headscarfs and a clown costume , i do n't care . 
  moralism is the worst thing on the planet as far as international politics is concerned . 
  it 's even worse than populism . 
  high level administrative work is not the place for a politician to score political points with the lowest common denominator of their own electorate at home . 
  do you know what a clown car the world would be if every country on this planet would try to insert their morals into international politics ? 
  because here is the kicker , everybody has a very different concept of what morality looks like . 
  diplomacy is all about putting that stuff aside for a minute . 
   but also , it 's not like i am advocating for violently overthrowing the mufti or something . 
  i am simply stating we should n't accept it and not deal with them . 
  i am very much against this emotional and populist attitude towards diplomacy . 
  like , this stuff has been going on for thousands of years . 
  you meet foreign heads of state you do all this useless shit . 
  yes it 's ridiculous but it 's protocol . 
  we need to stop politicising diplomacy , it 's a bad idea . 
  obviously le pen is not interested in diplomacy or actual governance in the first place so this is a moot point to begin with . 
  this nominal comparison is useless as the purchasing power in dollars in china and russia is higher . 
  non traded military goods and especially salaries distort the comparison . 
  another article addressing this http://www.thedrive.com/the-war-zone/7758/has-there-been-a-nuclear-incident-in-the-arctic, 
  sure there are ideologues and minds behind racism and there are foot-soldiers like apolitical hooligans or racist grandpa but it basically all flows from the same source . 
  in the case of the unreflected hooligan the racism has simply permeated culture already and is unconscious , but i do n't think less harmful or effective . 
  i do n't really believe in any ` casual ' form of racism that we can somehow just let coexist even if the people responsible for it have little agency . 
  yeah i think they do actually , as someone further below pointed out this specific group seems to be a neo-nazi organisation so i guess they know what they 're doing and they do it intentionally . 
  that 's the problem though . 
  if we operate under this logic everything becomes hermeneutics . 
  what the actual meaning of his statement is is then entirely dependent on what psycho-analysis you or i have conducted about his mental state . 
  it takes the entire responsibility away from the person who actually speaks . 
  the soccer hooligan can simply say `` i was joking '' if he notices that his statement was obscene . 
  trump and other populists do this all the time . 
  he says something , tests what response it produces , and then picks the best interpretation retroactively . 
  that allows him to weasel out of everything . 
  that 's why some public standard of speech is important , it clarifies intent and holds people responsible . 
  nah actually not . 
  this ` intent ' defense is really weak . 
  as an individual if you speak publicly you have to be able to be aware of how you are heard . 
  in contrast to you we have no insight into what you * really * think , this is actually a big sign of a cognitive blind spot . 
  it 's the same kind of mechanism that leads trump to believe that he is being persecuted by the media or whatever although his problems are entirely of his own making . 
  as if he is the only person capable of being misinterpreted or misunderstood . 
  no , it 's simply that we can only sincerely judge him by what he says and the effect it has , because speculating about his motives just allows us to claim pretty much everything and nothing . 
  in many countries for good reason because the trump victory is going to be much more pivotal for them/us than the next national election will be . 
  trump put into question the role of nato , large geopolitical structures , future of trade and so on , the next german election is going to decide whether unemployment benefits and the speed limit go up or down by 2 % . 
  so naturally we follow closely . 
  well yeah they were n't pagan , pre-modern nazi like but clerical authoritarians but the basic point still stands , people in spain and portugal still know how to kick ass when it comes to demagogues . 
  good for them . 
  what is much more disturbing is that it apparently takes a metaphorical sledgehammer to get this into people 's heads . 
  in case you have n't seen the link about two posts above your own , this is literally on the official kremlin website http://en.kremlin.ru/events/president/news/53895, 
  30 % being employed in the primary sector is an absurdly huge number . 
  ( wikipedia on the [ economy of romania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_romania ) gives 18 % though , which still is insanely high ) . 
  this rivals countries like pakistan or india . 
  it 's fair to assume that subsistence farming is the reason for this because productive farming at scale would have pushed the labour force down to the low single digits , as in most other economies . 
  no , it 's not . 
  birthrate falls with increased wealth because income generation shifts from labour intensive to capital intensive . 
  the former requires lots of young , fit , workers ( hence large families in underdeveloped , agrarian countries ) and few kids in developed countries , because it makes more sense to pump all your money into one or two children and giving them the best education you can . 
  ( note : china tried to leverage this in reverse by limiting the birth rate to kickstart an educated middle-class ) with better development also comes , at least usually , a welfare state that displaces the need of a patrimonial safety net . 
  this is not as developed in rural american communities ( the welfare state in general is lacking ) so it is easy to see why many communities still rely primarily on family structures . 
  well to be fair i think darrell and anne marie in this hypothetical example are white trash because that would be really peculiar names for african americans, 
  die linke has always had a fairly nationalist and anti-democratic , especially anti-parliamentarian bent . 
  this is not just the russia love but a general attitude towards democracy . 
  there is deep mistrust for western institutions ingrained in the east-german voterbase . 
  maybe boris palmer participated in the poll, 
  not oppressed but victims of discrimination or anti-semitism ? 
  sure especially conspiracy theories concerning jews are still vastly popular on both extremes of the political spectrum , at times reaching quite far into the middle-class . 
  not the alcohol though, 
  because i do n't see merit in having change just for the sake of change regardless of the outcome . 
  this can produce really awful results because the people who tap into these desires usually are not exactly kind , i 'll readily admit that if it has to be that i 'd rather have schulz than the afd . 
  the important thing is that you can not wish ` alternatives ' into reality just because you want to . 
  sometimes there is no good alternative and you have to stick with the status quo . 
  it sucks but the ability to see this is important in any mature democracy . 
  if you throw this notion of reality out of the window you end up with alternative facts and trump . 
  you can not create alternatives simply by wanting to have them . 
  politics does not have the power and must not have the power to radically change every aspect of society . 
  i think i made clear in my post that i do n't consider schulz to be of the same political leaning as trump , what i do n't like is the emotional , personality driven voting that he provokes . 
  that the spd suddenly jumps 10 % although politically nothing much would change under schulz or gabriel is more than a little weird . 
  bernie and trump both utilised frustration and the group of bernie supporters that would support trump but not another party candidate or vice versa was really significant . 
  altough there was * no * political common ground . 
  i do n't want this kind of politics without content in germany . 
  well sure he stands for spd politics and germany is party centred instead of candidate centred so that holds true for every long standing member by definition , but we do n't really know what * he * as chancellor brings precisely to the table . 
  and absolutely every candidate for the office in germany usually has political experience that goes back a few decades , true for gabriel as well , so that again can not be a sign of trust alone . 
  that was my initial point , schulz is in no way different than anybody else , and in many regards more of a wildcard . 
  the hype around him is purely generated by anti-establishment sentiment . 
  which alone is a bad reason to vote for anybody . 
  gabriel was n't a dumpster fire at all , he essentially got flak for speaking his mind and not being afraid of talking to anybody , which at the same time gave every subgroup a reason to hate him , but there is little reason to deny that he was a hard worker . 
  schulz just comes out of nowhere , has basically dodged any question on political content and you trust him for what exactly ? 
  when sch\u00e4uble pointed out that schulz is a german trump he was n't entirely incorrect . 
  schulz takes over the role of a well meaning populist , the afd support has already dropped below 10 % for the first time just as a reaction to schulz 's nomination . 
  i 'll be clear , i 'll vote for the spd and i think that schulz is fundamentally a reasonable guy , but he is just feeding of the anti-establishment current . 
  there is absolutely no substantial reason to trust him and the gabriel hate was entirely undeserved . 
  holding absolutely contradictory positions is apparently only allowed if you 're orange . 
  maybe someone should get macron some cheap spray tan, 
  the spd / martin schulz are clear opponents of austerity policies . 
  well the right to speak does not equal being civilised if you 've got no idea what you 're saying . 
  speech can and has been instrumentalised for some of the worst crimes in human history . 
  it 's just a tool , not an end . 
  in fact you can not stand for the right ideals if you have no idea what those ideas are or how to contextualise them .
