   all it 's doing is to make her supporters even more angry and upset , and rally more support for her politics . 
  which is n't relevant in a legal case . 
  i am opposed to the fn , but damaging or supporting the fn is not what the law exists for . 
  if the courts would not pursue her because she stands to gain politically the courts would fail to do their job . 
   dont you think this is censorship ? 
  yes , which is not a problem . 
  censorship is merely a technical term that limits someone 's right to publish some sort of material . 
  taking a revenge porn website down is censorship , usually argued on the grounds of defending the dignity of the person involved who did not give their consent to the publication , and the potential harm to people 's privacy . 
  stop throwing `` censorship '' around as if it actually constitutes an argument in and of itself . 
   it 's kind of hard to find a logical argument for exclusions of a certain group based on their sexual preference without it getting hatefull . 
  well and yet a significant part of the population that supports homosexual marriage would probably object to poly-amorous marriages . 
  i think it 's quite easy to make the case that a lot of consensual adult relationships are still not open to marriage and that the institution itself is implicitly monogamous , and as such to use your words `` excludes a certain group based on their sexual preference '' gender is just one dimension of sexual preference . 
  keep in mind though that you 're throwing the international headlines at me right now , that 's the stuff that you are necessarily exposed to in in the press because that 's the controversial stuff . 
  she 's been governing germany for over a decade now . 
  not wanting to go to deep into single issues but i do n't necessarily see the problem ( from a technocratic viewpoint ) of supporting north stream and sanctions . 
  this all or nothing approach i would categorise more as ideological than pragmatic or cool headed . 
  i would n't even argue that opportunism and technocratic style are always at odds . 
  fukushima kind of was both because nuclear exit was already agreed upon , then backed out again , and then confirmed again . 
  so it 's a little complicated . 
  do n't focus too much on the highlights , even calculating politicians sometimes have to do party politics . 
  nah i think you and the other guy are using the term too narrowly . 
  technocracy does n't just mean following the soviet science council . 
  polling and technocracy is n't strictly exclusive , at least in germany as we tend to like our boring , evidence driven and procedural politics based on consensus . 
  i think people have it the wrong way around here . 
  merkel does n't just do what the polls told her , the voterbase for the most part largely followed merkel 's uncontroversial politics . 
  ( up until recently ), 
  i 've used the term ` technocracic ' broadly , as in including political , legal and administrative considerations , not just science . 
  i 'm very well aware that the economic consensus does n't support austerity . 
  the influence of economic science on policy making is minuscule in most parts of the world anyway . 
  but merkel and also sch\u00e4uble and others have always very much focused on contracts and agreements , especially maastricht . 
  the refugee policies last year were pretty much the first time she ever started to make an actual decision instead of just following protocol . 
  trump win , brexit and schulz candidacy could lead to merkel ditching the technocratic approach to governance which would be very welcome . 
  consolidating the eurozone at this point is pretty much more important than anything else , but then again it already was for a long time . 
  you do understand though that you can not literally give any unemployed person a job at a welding company without knowing how to actually ... weld the world is n't sim city , you do n't just increase the wage level and workers `` magically appear '', 
  a brit will have to chime in if you want to be 100 % sure but iirc the british supreme court is only able to repeal secondary legislation , that is to say legislation coming from the executive branch . 
  i do n't think the judiciary in the uk can repeal acts of parliament i.e. 
  primary legislation, 
  worse thing in the uk is n't the laws or the politicians , it 's the parliamentary sovereignty . 
  the lack of constitutional checks & balances is what amplifies this situation in the uk . 
  thrill seeking in pirate and terrorist infested waters * when being kidnapped before * really crosses the line . 
  not only does he put everybody into an awkward spot because the ransom situation arises , more importantly he also puts dozens of people 's lives at stake who will inevitable try to get him out of there . 
  there 's enough water on this planet , it 's not like there 's a shortage of exciting places to sail, 
   how come that without resources and much land not despite but * because * of a lack of resources . 
  the resource curse is a well known phenomenon . 
  if you have resources you can stay a shit tier kleptocracy without anybody doing something about it , you tend to only innovate if you 're forced to, 
  i actually quite strongly disagree . 
  every society that wants to develop needs a degree of risk , conflict , new experiences and with that yes , also bad experiences , failure and problems . 
  without diversity there can be no progress . 
  static , old age and more of the same do n't move you forward . 
  this is a basic principle in say nature as it is in business . 
  this is not just romantic thinking , numerous studies have shown that diverse businesses outperform non diverse businesses . 
  it 's not surprising either . 
  without trial and error and exposing yourselves to new ideas you 're stuck at a local maximum . 
   singapores immigrants do better in school than native population ( oecd pisa - below ) , whereas here it is the opposite , and let 's no even start on drop out rate , employment rates for non eu , criminality ... but you 're just arguing in circles here . 
  i did not dispute this fact , but it does n't tell us whether singapore * makes * these people successful or if they 're somehow born that way . 
  you 're just assuming that some immigrants suck from the get go and other 's do n't but the results do n't tell us anything about it . 
  maybe singapore just chisels away at them to make it work ? 
  but who says that the two are at odds ? 
  merit means getting the best guy for the job into the position . 
  the marketplace of ideas is not always the best mechanism to find that best guy . 
  intervention does not necessarily punish the best qualified . 
  in unfair environments it even sometimes is required to give the a chance . 
   the problem is that not many normal working people want to live in these communities so it creates the effect where all other people move out and only people who stay are the migrants . 
  well that 's why there is a policy intervention in the first place . 
  it 's not about refugees or no refugees , it 's about the singaporean state not being afraid of acting proactively to prevent the structures that lead to poverty , lack of integration and so on . 
  singapore is certainly not less diverse than any other place , to begin with . 
  so it is very much a thing they * made work * , not something that just happened accidentally . 
  i do n't see why this is not something that we can learn a few things from . 
  must be trying to hide his indonesian roots . 
  i can only imagine what that inescapable fact does to his poor soul, 
   we need all the energy we can get to work and play work-related computer games after we 're done working :d you think you 're kidding but [ this is basically my life ] ( http://i.imgur.com/py1tuwy.png ) * continues to play openttd *, 
   in my opinion the key reason of those problems , is the amount of people coming in country together - to the same place . 
  if 10 000 people come to your country and you put them in 1 place , they will have no reason to adapt to the surroundings , they will keep doin what they are used to . 
  now put 10 000 people in diferent places of sweden , they will be actualy forced to interact with natural swedes and integrate much much faste what singapore does , a country that also has ample control over the housing market , is to actually use quotas to prevent ethnically and religiously closed communities in the first place . 
  i think that this sounds a little weird to people in the west but it 's actually really successful . 
  they even go as far as reserving the presidency this time for a malay candidate because they want to make sure that they maintain representation in politics . 
  i think people here would be pretty quick to shout racist at this but the proactive policies , focused on opportunities instead of negative freedoms is much more reasonable . 
  not sure if serious but a professional soccer player is n't exactly your typical case . 
  20 years is definitely not a lot of time to eliminate differences between immigrant groups and the rest of the population . 
  two to three generations constitute a more realistic time frame . 
  you can see this down the list . 
  lots of germany 's immigrant population is people from the post-war period , 50s - 70s . 
  italians , turks , poles and so on . 
  although sometimes complained about , they 're actually fairly solidly integrated . 
  which is only about one generation . 
  15-20 years is not a lot of time if we 're looking at demographic developments . 
  uk non-eu immigration goes back a few generations . 
  big difference in citizenship rate and integration . 
  there is some misleading statistics going on here . 
  most of swedens immigration is a relatively new phenomenon , as a result many immigrants fall into the `` foreign citizen '' category because they have not been naturalised . 
  in the uk the largest non-eu migration happened a few generations ago , so obviously most of the immigrants and their children are citizens now . 
  op should provide a source for the graph and the data . 
   uk/france/germany well i 'd actually put them into the `` two party '' camp for practical purposes . 
  the uk converges to it because of fptp , german politics is dominated by the two * volksparteien * and well ... in france the erosion of socialist/conservative majority actually kind of proves the point, 
   what would the trump 's us do , then ? 
  nothing i assume lol . 
  turkey has no real ally apart from the eu , the us would have nothing to gain from intervening in an internal conflict , especially when the intervenes on greece 's behalf . 
  trump is n't going to attack europe over turkey, 
  nah pretty fucked up situation but no potential for a world war , which great power would intervene in this ? 
  yes , i know .
