  usually the minority partner gets two or three minister posts and that 's it . 
  they have very little sway over the other partner . 
  in an informal system the minority ( say socialists within a liberal-socialist party ) has enormous power to change the situation from within . 
  best example is the tea party insurgency within the republicans , or the may overtake of the british conservatives , or almost even bernie . 
  this is not a new idea . 
  this is actually how the fabians historically within the labour movement created a strong socialist base . 
  and if you 're a genuine leftist you can not feel represented by lepen . 
  this must be an absolute joke . 
  she is a far right nationalist and the daugther of an outright fascist . 
  if you are a leftist and contemplate voting for her you have completely lost your marbles . 
  of course france nominally is not a proportional multi party system with focus on coalition building , but the underlying logic obviously applies to the french system as well . 
  if a certain ideology represented by a party has very little support you 'll have trouble getting into power , and you can consolidate support by rallying behind a candidate . 
  and although every socialist can rally behind macron in the second round given how the system works , they are de facto driving a wedge between themselves and the centre-left . 
  i know quite a lot of french far-leftists who say that they would rather vote for le pen than macron . 
  they rant about ` neoliberalism ' and whatnot so much that they are literally strengthening the far-right . 
  the liberals and left could start emphasising a ` big tent ' solution and they 'd easily have a popular majority in france ( or in many other european countries too ) . 
  france is hopefully still lucky enough to see the same splintering on the right between conservatives and nationalists . 
  if you get a us scenario where the right half of the population starts to unify you are in deep shit, 
  how is shaping global politics in european interest not in line with the interest of the common good ? 
  ditch the myopic and provincial perspective . 
  aligned political goals are much more important than shared ` culture ' . 
  the whole idea of an empire is to unite culturally and politically diverse regions . 
  in the future latin america might very well both be threatened by ` america first ' trumpism and chinese ambitions to carve the region up . 
  this is not new , the region has suffered from this before in the very recent past . 
  so there is significant incentive to unify . 
  macron might very well win while the ps is basically done . 
  how is this accurate ? 
  if you 've figured out how a group of people polling at 20 percent is supposed to win alone shoot me a pm, 
  1 . banks borrow money from the ecb 2 . if we hand over money to greece directly , who covers the risk ? 
  i 'm paying close to the highest marginal tax rate for what it 's worth ( which is n't especially hard given the tax rates ) but i do n't expect anybody else to work for me . 
  we 're not some borg like collective . 
  i do n't get what you 're implying here anyway . 
  high education and income at least here in germany tend to correlate with fairly open policies so it 's not like this is an exceptional position for me to take . 
  overstating welfare abuse is an age old tactic used by demagogues . 
  i think the official number of miss-allocated social payments is something < 1 % . 
  i can live with that . 
  this fallback to historicism is simply tribalism which brings us back to the beginning of the comment chain . 
  i see no reason to value it , and you should be glad about that because germany spend a good deal of its time either antagonizing or outright butchering anybody else on the continent . 
  we 're a civil society , we recognize individuals . 
  people do n't need to work for the german society , they are supposed to work for themselves . 
  as long as they do that within the law i am happy to have them as a neighbour , and if they do n't we have a system to deal with it . 
  i have no interest in some sentimental romanticism about europe , i value all kinds of migrants coming here and most of them are perfectly fine people . 
  the eu is an administrative organisation , it 's not the next iteration of failed nationalism . 
  well the outsiders certainly are less obnoxious than the entitled eastern europe which sucks both on european transfer payments and collective defense and is n't even able to fulfill some basic mutual obligations . 
  i feel about as much brotherly love for eastern europe as you seem to have for anybody else . 
  that 's the bad thing about pointing the finger at outsiders . 
  you 're just as much of an outsider for me or anybody else who supplements other european budgets . 
  we already went through this . 
  we do here in germany , the united states do ( well did anyway ) . 
  pretty good countries to live in . 
  would n't trade them for hungary or some other countries that hysterically walls itself in . 
  yes , you have to tolerate abuse that comes with freedoms . 
  absolute safety exists only in totalitarian societies . 
  some people abuse open societies , does n't mean that they 're a significant problem for open societies . 
  people who throw their papers away will sooner or later have to leave , due process and the state of law take time but they work . 
  seems like some people from eastern europe have n't shaken off the soviet mindset . 
  there is no total social control , granting freedoms also creates opportunity for people to take advantage of . 
  the important point is that this makes a free society stronger , not weaker . 
  no that 's not what happens . 
  people are being vetted and if you have no asylum claim you can not stay . 
  that is already the law . 
  and most countries had to stem situations like this from time to time . 
  we 've had this happen about three or four times in the last 70 years . 
  how is this news ? 
  well , none . 
  and absolutely nobody demanded this . 
  countries that have and are taking in people generously who also enjoy a high standard of living ? 
  pretty much every country you 'll find in the developed world , a few island nations aside . 
  the united states and the rest of the new world of course being the most prominent example of countries that for the longest time basically had no or very little immigration restrictions in place . 
   let 's not allow foreign citizens spoil that . 
  you 're in luck , they do n't . 
  there is no contradiction . 
  you do n't need to argue charity or moralism . 
  the most open countries on this planet are the most successful nations . 
  only shit tier kleptocracies are trying to turtle up . 
  we 're living in a global and connected world . 
  there is no such thing as viable nationalism , you could as well try to ride a horse instead of using a car . 
  you 'll need to get on with the times out of rational self-interest alone . 
  this same idiotic smear tactic is used in environmental discussions . 
  `` all these green hippies really just want to save the planet '' no , it 's a purely material consideration , just as there is no contradiction between self-interest and ecology , there is no contradiction between globalism and individual success . 
  sure it does , it 's called making a coalition . 
  there are four strong currents in french politics . 
  socialists , liberals , conservatives and the nationalist right . 
  socialists alone can not govern . 
  they need support . 
  who do they want to govern with ? 
  i 'd argue that liberals make the best pair out of the groups mentioned above . 
  if politics is wanking for you and you do n't actually want any power , sure you can go ahead and run your party down like corbyn . 
  if you on the other hand want to see your ideas translates into policies ( which is the only thing that matters ) team up . 
   the new authoritarian does not pretend to make you better , only to make you feel better about not wanting to change . 
  in this respect , he has tapped a gusher in the zeitgeist that reaches well beyond the domain of state socialism , an attitude that the writer marilynne robinson disparages as ` nonfailure ' , and that the writer walter mosley elevates to a virtue : ` we need to raise our imperfections to a political platform that says : `` my flaws need attention too . '' this is what i call the `` untopia '' . ' welcome to the not-so-brave new world . 
  some interesting points in this piece , this especially . 
  i think ` autocracy for suckers ' is a fitting label for the new kind of authoritarianism . 
  especially among the younger voters populists seem to have great success especially with groups like disenfranchised men who do n't succeed in education or social life and cynically turn towards them just to ` troll ' . 
  it 's not about some great ideology any more but about messing with everybody who signifies success in this society . 
  in the us election this became apparent when attacks were not just directed at the traditional rich ` elites ' , but also celebrities , otherwise respected individuals and so on . 
  call it authoritarian but it actually wins elections . 
  i have no idea what this socialist circlejerk with more factions than anybody can count is supposed to accomplish, 
  huh was n't actually aware of this , nice move, 
  german foreign intelligence budget is about 800 million bucks , us foreign intelligence is about 30 billion , which nearly eclipses germany 's defense spending .
