  division is n't really necessary and in the end many people are better off . 
  no system is free of inequalities . 
  people need to relax a little bit . 
  the scramble-for-resource mentality is fairly dangerous because they pits nations against each other . 
  if there 's imbalances between bosnia and germany we should try to reduce the issues but not turn isolationist . 
  ... yes ? 
  as i said this is also a strategic consideration , ukraine is undermining its own claim to sovereignty by turning this into an ethnic question . 
  if both countries lay claim to sovereignty on ethnic grounds this turns into a situation of might-makes-right , which russia will win every single time . 
  i 'm okay with people going to austria from germany or vice versa , they can enjoy education where they want and work where they want . 
  why should n't they ? 
  public education for me is based on solidarity , it 's not a quid pro quo trade . 
  i do n't expect anybody who gets an education here to have to pay anybody back . 
  at that moment it would actually stop being public education and just a kind of time delayed business deal . 
  i do n't want that at all . 
  also practically speaking it is n't even a problem . 
  knowledge transfer between less developed countries with emigration is usually happening because a portion of foreign workers tends to come back at some point and brings knowledge back to their place of origin . 
  just look how fast estonia has developed although they ` suffer ' from emigration . 
  the capital and knowledge that is being invested in return due to their openness has rapidly accelerated their development . 
   not an easy task when you 're in mid civil war , your country 's economy is going down a drain and dutch show middle finger to eu by not allowing ukraine ratify an association treaty with eu even though their very own citizens died by russian given buk missile to the pro-russian farmers/miners who were not trained enough by the russians . 
  and at that point you should maybe ask yourself what this tells you about the image that people in the netherlands have of ukraine . 
  even though their own citizens fell victim to the attack they are not going to tolerate zealous nationalism that reminds them way too much of what russia has been doing in recent history . 
  if ukraine is willing to throw every aspect of western liberalism away just to fend off the russians they are going to lose their european allies , because we 're not willing to tolerate this shit just for ukrainian sovereignty . 
  and with trump getting into the white house the us shield will be gone to . 
  so ukraine better comes back to something that europe sees worth as defending or they 'll end up in a really bad spot . 
  if you characterise ukrainian citizens as traitors and try to paint them as not ukrainian you 're legitimising ethnic conceptions of the state , which is what you are accusing russia of doing which makes you a hypocrite . 
  more importantly if you actually try to get into an ethnic turf war with russia i have very bad news for you , you 're going to fucking lose because there 's a metric fuckton of russians backed by a very powerful state . 
  ukraine needs to come back to civil definition of society very fast , or else they 're going to lose their allies . 
  the west will not back a ukrainian state that devolves into v\u00f6lkisch nationalism . 
  can you even read ? 
  first off we 're not talking about crimea but the eastern ukrainian territories in this comment chain , and secondly i 'm saying precisely that ethnic expansionism * is not okay * . 
  but this is true for both ukraine and russia . 
  you ca n't talk about eastern ukrainian ethnic russians as if they are not ukrainians . 
  but still ukrainian citizens , you do n't stop being ukrainian because you 're ethnically russian you ca n't blame russian for ethno-centric expansionism and then try to play the game in reverse . 
  back breeding in principle is n't unscientific , it 's primarily an engineering problem . 
  not neuschwanstein , brandenburg gate or the reichstag ? 
  i want to know what metric they used , that ca n't be right, 
  well those people are mostly ukrainian i think so i do n't know if that counts as being occupied, 
   do countries not have perspectives ? 
  not concerning the bodily autonomy of their citizens . 
  you 're american , skipped the civics class ? 
  because the ` compensation ' would involve restricting very personal rights of the individual involved . 
  giving someone a public education does n't entitle you to tell them where they have to live or at least it should n't in any sane state . 
  if that rustles your jimmies so much abolish public education , although that would in fact be pretty retarded, 
  i 'm actually talking about the content though ? 
  the french left at some point in the 80 's or 90 's for example was quick to pick up the far-right ` ethnopluralism ' concept which has dominated all the `` anti-imperialism '' discourse on the left that routinely turns into anti-semitism, 
   it 's an openly libertarian ( the french brand of libertarians are left-wing anarchists , not the same as in the us ) publication . 
  clearly a fringe magazine . 
  i honestly do n't really see them as anarchist either , just as nihilist and cynical into every direction . 
  i do understand that anarchism wants to tear down illegitimate hierarchy including religious institutions , but ch completely wanders into the intrusive personal realm . 
  it looks more like cranked up bitter version of french universalism, 
  i really do n't understand the french left-wing scene or the french youth in general . 
  it seems all fucking mercurial and right-wing to me, 
   you responded to me and i read it to . 
  but if she wants to go for self-defense , him molesting other people in the past is irrelevant . 
  that does n't make a murder self-defense . 
  our self-defense definition is arguably biased and insanely archaic because most physically weaker persons , usually women , can not self-defend in an immediate violent situation , face the threat of violence or worse if they report , or are in a mentally unstable state due to abuse and simply can not take legal steps . 
  in many jurisidictions women even had to fight to have rape recognized as such if they intentionally did not struggle ( to protect their life ) . 
  why should years of abuse in the past be less relevant in self-defense than a momentary abuse ? 
  self defense needs to be expanded beyond axe-swinging valiant ` stand your ground ' situations . 
  well a very affluent child, 
   it is very interesting , this is probably the first youth generation since the 1950s that has significant right wing ideological presence among them , possibly because of the internet ? 
  because the millennial generation is actually as a whole fairly reactionary and insecure which has all been stuffed under a thin veneer of liberalism or superficially progressive values . 
  the winners of the generation are hyper-competitive individualists while the losers are resentful and socially excluded and end up on 4chan . 
  there has for a very long time not been a generation that showed this little solidarity and empathy . 
  most of them are largely unpolitical too which means they shift around from the left to right fairly arbitrary , personally most millennials do n't hold deep ideological beliefs and as a result are prone to bounce around a lot and follow demagogues like le pen . 
  the common ground among all other candidates is much higher , as seen in every previous french election . 
  the logic is n't bidirectional . 
  the 80 % that oppose any other candidate do n't oppose him to the degree that the 75 % oppose le pen . 
   what i do n't see are many trend-setting decisions for germany in particular . 
  ending nuclear power was one thing but i would have to think hard about other issues . 
  not saying that ground breaking changes are always good or necessary . 
  we 're not really france or the uk , we do n't have a 10 million pop capital and a central state , progress in germany is made in other institutions . 
  the famous ` mittelstand ' , local government , institutes , unions , even social and religious organisations and so on . 
  the federal government in germany is more in a managing position than a leading one , this is a conscious choice and it works fairly well overall . 
  coming almost unscathed out of the biggest economic recession in the post-war era is not something `` a monkey could do '' . 
  preserving the status quo and improving on it in difficult is not `` doing nothing '' . 
  success is relative . 
  staying stable in an adverse environment is a win . 
  promising too much and overreaching in such a situation is a mistake . 
  merkel acts rational enough to realize this . 
  self-optimization , obsession with youth and vitality , conformity is a * huge * part of that culture , visit any gentrified techy area of any city . 
  it 's exactly the same everywhere . 
  every form of rebellion is essentially pseudo-rebellion and already domesticated . 
  or just look at the corporate environment at a firm like google . 
  they 'll put a foosball table in your office but they 'll hand you an nda that forbids you from talking negatively about your job . 
  it 's all just aesthetics , if you actually try to rebel you 'll be shut down very quickly, 
  nope it 's far more than that . 
  the mental/physical hygiene thing is there ( no drugs , no booze , hyper-consensual sex etc. . ) , the protestant work ethic , too . 
  the silicon valley hipster is basically the 21st century version of ` god 's chosen people ' who constantly runs around with a superiority complex while displaying personal austerity and so on . 
  it 's a century old traditionalist culture ported into a modern setting . 
  honestly most people are still religious in all but name . 
  the puritanism , uptight morals , sexual repression , safety above all , patrimonial structures etc it 's all still there it 's making kind of a renaissance , too . 
  the modern hipster archetype is basically a secular version of an amish person . 
  latin american or black liberation theology is in many regards way less religious than modern day sanitized secular culture . 
   everything by making a literal government mandate for what is ` true ' and what is ` false ' such that whether something can be said aloud is as much a story as what is said you seem to be confused about how facts work . 
  facts are true or false , independent of what the government thinks of it . 
  in this case the government will simply punish people who spread false information . 
  we live in an objective reality , this is apparently a hard concept to grasp  we 've got where we are because people think ( rightly in many cases ) their news service is untrustworthy and corrupt , often in favour of the government against the ` common man ' . 
  the government stepping in and dictating what news is ` real ' wo n't help that . 
  no , we 've got where we are because we have for decades now pushed egalitarian nonsense and told every idiot on his sofa that they are qualified to be a news reporter .
