  nuclear energy is the most capital intensive technology there is , the costs of one plant are enormous , and the dismantling in the future adds significantly more costs on top . 
  that 's why it is usually a heavily subsidized technology , and the energy providers until now have banked on growth in demand to finance them . 
  rwe and vattenfall for example had to go billions into debt last year just to restructure their business . 
  producing solar and wind energy is relatively cheap . 
  solar panels are n't exactly expensive . 
  it 's a pretty relevant policy concerning co2 production , and that is far from the only reason . 
  as the other poster pointed out , reduction of fossil fuel reliance , and much more importantly , adaption to a non-growing energy market . 
  the energy market of the future ( in the developed world ) will not grow in consumption , will require regional adaption ( keyword energy * mittelstand * ) and thus needs decentral , flexible sources of energy production . 
  the internet advocacy of nuclear energy is ill-informed , because the centralized , capital intensive mode of production is not suited to modern energy needs . 
  i recommend m.v ramana 's article in this [ nature publication ] ( https://www.nature.com/articles/nenergy201520 ) from 2016 . 
  * jupiterian staring intensifies *, 
   yeah , pfft , i mean sure he executed thousands , many of them innocent , but he was a good man . 
  well the revolution also ended countless of years of absolutist monarchism and ushered in the era of modernity and political liberalism , so yeah he pretty much was a good guy, 
  is steve bannon part of the r/europe mod team ? 
  jesus the local is utter trash . 
  giorgio by moroder best daft punk song , get lucky is not great https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5m4zkeqqrn0, 
  this might have won you a war when the vikings attacked your shores , but strength of will is n't exactly the most important factor in 21st century , technology and information dominated conflicts where standing armies are largely irrelevant . 
  ( not so ) fun fact , tasting urine was actually one archaic way to diagnose diabetes which for that reason translates to `` sweet siphon '', 
  that is a fairly orthodox and increasingly marginalized version of liberalism . 
  most liberals nowadays do n't hold `` small government '' or `` less regulations '' up as ends in themselves but rather as a means and have no problem with synergy between state and private enterprise . 
  this fall back to `` no government intervention '' and localism on principle is at this point mostly a conservative thing, 
  i remember that he wrote a fairly praising letter of castro , your president is a commie !, 
  this reminded me of this really weird `` dictators as anime girls '' post that was on the reddit frontpage once , it was truly scary, 
  the emanu-merkelator, 
   we all have an altered tone after the election . 
  we are just random peasants on the internet , the banter here does n't actually matter . 
  you managed to put fucking trump and the gop in control of everything . 
  that actually matters , both for you and for us . 
  are you really going to complain about the * tone * here given what 's going on in the actual world ? 
  * seriously also yeah walmart is a retailer which includes tons of low paying jobs . 
  given that volkswagen is a manufacturer 600k people is an insane amount of employment . 
  the median wage is probably significantly higher . 
  let 's not forget m\u00e9lenchon 's `` i 'd rather want doctors than refugees '' and the literal `` foreign workers are stealing french workers bread '' the guy was almost as populist as le pen , in very similar ways . 
  if you wanted to vote for a socialist you should have voted for the trotzkyite ford worker , at least that guy seemed like a genuine left-winger, 
  just travelling through on his way to moscow ( or ecuadorean embassy ), 
  about 99 % of all species that have ever existed are extinct , when we hit 2100 about 50 - 90 % of currently spoken languages are going to be extinct . 
  life moves on , run with it . 
  never understood the fetish for preservation, 
  the irony of `` i must vote for a right wing party because i am afraid of terrorism !, 
  '' , said party then proceeds to support states that are the biggest exporters of global extremist ideology and suppress reports that spell it out . 
  images come to mind of donald trump swinging around sabers with his saudi pals while dividing his own population at home . 
  but i guess they badmouth immigrants once in a while so that 's alright, 
  i 'm sorry to have to tell you this but that 's actually objectively wrong kebab is supreme and it unites all people, 
  i 'm talking about the culture within france 's left wing community that is being echoed here . 
  no cutting the french budget by 11 billion is not going to destroy all social welfare , and it does n't turn macron into a right or even far-right candidate . 
  in france you 're essentially economically far-right if you 're not a trotskyist, 
  is that one of those one week old bait accounts again ? 
  i 've been to marseille yes , it 's a great city . 
  i do n't know what algeria-lite is supposed to insinuate but the people were all friendly, 
  because kebab is fucking amazing what are you doing marseille to address a serious point  `` it 's true that there were a lot of kebab shops in the city center and that this area was often otherwise deserted , '' raffard says . 
  `` but this urban catastrophe was not created by kebabs -- they were a symptom of it . '' raffard cites a declining density that tracked stores moving into the suburbs . 
  `` a huge mall opened out of town in 2010 , a policy that , in a pattern common across france , was promoted by the city hall . '' i 'll take the sprawling immigrant market with tasty food shops over the fucking mall every day of the week . 
  god knows we 've got enough soulless giant malls everywhere, 
  no , what has that to do with my post ? 
  are ... are we the mexicans of switzerland ? 
  fleeing the crippling poverty of southern germany, 
  i used it in the context of charles murray , who dropped such gems as `` there has never been a significant female philosopher in history '' . 
  young men have been known to be easily impressed by vulgar political commentators in recent times . 
  hit a nerve eh ? 
  sam harris is painfully under-educated on the topics he opines upon , and his entire fanbase ( and there 's really no other name for it ) is basically male , teenage edgelords . 
  he does n't endorse alt-right positions consciously , but that 's what he panders to . 
  the whole gang of dawkins , harris , krauss and so forth have given the label such a bad name that actual intellectuals have started to distance themselves from it . 
  it also happens to be discredited and wrong , apart from being offensive . 
  murray 's theses for a long time now have been irrelevant in academia . 
  and that he ends up on a harris podcast is n't surprising , harris is the deepak chopra of internet alt-right atheism . 
  painting murray as a kind of objective scientist or whatever is wrong , his stuff was always deeply motivated by politics . 
   because of soros , every protest anywhere in this world will be treated as an instability fuss backed by his money . 
  the very act of protesting has been compromised by this hideous geezer & the ngos he supports . 
  let that sink in . 
  did you seriously write this whole wall of text to explain to us what an ngo is ? 
  the koch brothers , the bannons , mercers and murdochs of this world have been doing the same for ages , and they throw a shit-ton more money at their reactionary effort than soros . 
  they basically own every shitty yellow press newspaper on this planet who would have thought funding a liberal ngo costs as much money as any other , at least he 's one of the few outspoken liberals who puts his money where his mouth is . 
  op is a month old right wing troll account i do n't really know why this is n't being dealt with on this subreddit . 
  this kind of smurf baiting goes against reddit etiquette . 
  just look at the top 25 new , there 's at least five accounts pushing crap just like this . 
  in socialist countries tipping was heavily discouraged or outlawed and the kurds have a pretty strong left-wing tradition . 
  that was a great presentation !, 
  they have kids * because * they are poor , not despite of it . 
  y' all need a bunch of historical materialism in your lives . 
  if you live in a country without a social welfare net and labour intensive economy , you need children . 
  they are your workforce and your security . 
  this is how patrimonial , agrarian societies work . 
  if you 're living in a developed country , children are expensive and economic value is the result of cognitive work and capital rather than menial labour . 
  hence less children . 
  china used this effect in reverse . 
  they restricted birth rates to one child to have every parent funnel all their money into that one kid , accelerating development of a middle class . 
  europe is not to poor to have kids , europe is too rich to have kids . 
  it 's the necessary material development of economically advanced countries . 
  gon na need a study on this, 
  i 'm glad someone posted it , immediately was reminded of it there 's also an english version https://youtu.be/rzxpycy7jbs, 
  they usually do not do or say things in public that can get them into jail and salafism has no official organisations , so the answer can only be political . 
  there 's a thing among conservatives here still to put christianity as first among equals . 
  so getting islam into the public space with education , imam training in universities , funding and so forth would mean that they have to cede that informal position . 
  which i think is bot bad , after all equality is supposed to exist . 
  concerning the first point , sure they do n't get to tell government how to do things , but if they act publicly they have a right to participate in public discourse , within the law and in moderation . 
  which is healthier than to segregate . 
  pulling them into the public education system is the best way to secularize them . 
  it 's the backdoor / garage preaching that allows the extremist scene to fester . 
  we 've been doing this cooperation with protestants and catholics in germany for a long time . 
  does n't mean you give up secularism if you want a say in how religious institutions teach .
