   hmm , i wonder what got them to this situation . 
  i wonder why they are forced to enact austerity policies and do n't just borrow more money on the market without creditors dictating conditions . 
  any idea ? 
  yes , a harmful set of eu austerity policies ( which the imf by now has recognised ) . 
  the simple solution would have been a banking union , a european tarp programm , result being cleaned balanced sheets and avoiding a lost decade . 
  in other words the same prodecure the us and the uk went through . 
  did you see anybody in the us whining about the debt level of wisconsin ? 
  as krugman says in the column , you borrow when money is cheap and it can be used for useful things . 
  germany can borrow at virtually ( or literally ) zero interest , and has lacking infrastructure , lacks digital investment and so forth . 
  the multiplicator for that kind of stuff pays for itself within no time . 
  the only opportunity cost we rack up in this case is not to take some serious money and lay the foundation for future growth . 
  you do n't really think that paul krugman is a far-left economist right ? 
  you 're the reason we need to improve our econ education . 
  you 've got your correlation and causation wrong . 
  greece debt per gdp ratio is rising because we 're depressing economic growth during stagnation , which very much by simple definition of accounting has this effect . 
  there is no such thing as an `` unhealthy '' or `` healthy '' level of debt , as economic growth and debt levels are largely unrelated . 
  greece and italy are doing badly because the former suffers from pro-cyclical austerity policy , and the latter has no reliable climate or stable governance to actually attract business . 
  the only argument ever brought forward to limit debt arbitrarily was a rogoff study that selectively picked data , and was actually heavily torn apart over and over . 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/21/opinion/paul-krugman-debt-is-good-for-the-economy.html?_r=0 http://www.peri.umass.edu/fileadmin/pdf/working_papers/working_papers_301-350/wp322.pdf, 
   as not an german , or resident of germany , merkel seems to have done a fine job through all the crises , and is governing a strong and prosperous germany ... so maybe there is something to her economic policies investment in germany has been lacking behind oecd countries for a long time now and through an unhealthy surplus we 've been pushing that money as debt onto the european periphery . 
  sadly a very antiquated economic version of mercantilism is still alive in germany and the spd program will not convince enough people . 
  it is a very solid and measured program actually and i 'm a little sad to see the focus on merkel and schulz instead of focussing on this important economic issue . 
   what interests ? 
  that they can gather freely , speak their mind , can make campaigns ? 
  yes . 
  what else ? 
  where is the red line ? 
  what about the other opposition parties ? 
  what is the actual meaning of `` keeping a steady eye on the interests of the opposition '' ? 
  the actual meaning is to ensure a degree of unity that leaves the opposition with enough influence so that they can actually accept to * be the opposition * . 
  democracy is a means to peacefully resolve conflict within a group , nothing else . 
  if your opposition runs into the streets , the government is influencing the judiciary branch and the legitimacy of democracy is in question you have crossed the line , wherever it may be , by about ten miles . 
  a government no matter of which party is responsible to represent the * citizenry * as a whole , it is not a lobby group that represents a particular interest in narrowly defined terms . 
  like some majority on a board of directors . 
  a democracy in which parties are understood as enemies is no democracy at all , at that point democracy has descended into the hobbesian ` war of all against all ' . 
  yes , it is the task of a ruling government to keep a very steady eye on the interests of the opposition , a democracy must not have ` losers ' , it is not a soccer game . 
  every governments first priority must be to advance the * common interest * of society understood in broad terms , if you 're at the point where politics devolves into a tug-of-war and factionalism you have a giant problem on your hands , as we can see across the pond . 
  no , it was an idiotic location . 
  and of course scholz , the local mayor is going to take the political hit instead of merkel or the federal government who are responsible for the location . 
  even if we accept that this is true , how is this more than just whataboutism ? 
  and how does the eu 's response justify this behaviour ? 
  it is poland 's task to treat its opposition fairly , no matter who governs . 
  neglect of the opposition during the last government does n't justify it now . 
   the government is not obligated to listen to or ` care ' about the opposition . 
  nice idea of democracy you got there , yes it actually is supposed to care about the opposition . 
  a government governs a country , not only its own constituents . 
  that 's not true by definition , and there actually are [ international laws concerning space already ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/space_law#international_treaties ), 
  and that 's a ridiculous qualification because it defines the problem away . 
  you can not tell beforehand whether a authoritarian gov. 
  is good , and once you have it you can not do anything about it, 
  they hate russia in the same way saudi arabia hates qatar , they 're not actually that different in terms of values , governance and so forth , they just have a feud going on, 
   you will almost certainly be poor . 
  * you will almost certainly stay in the same social environment as your parents . 
  [ here is a very interesting article about this in denmark ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2016/08/the-american-dream-isnt-alive-in-denmark/494141/ ) it 's praised as one of the most socially mobile countries on the planet , but almost all of it is compression of the income ladder through redistribution . 
  looked at pre-tax data , mobility is as low in denmark as it is in the us . 
  important takeaway is probably that mobility & opportunity are largely non-existent , but that equality of outcome can be achieved . 
  maybe in a world where your dictatorship is run by some kind of utopian ai . 
  in reality , dictatorships turn despotic and dysfunctional and do n't work efficiently . 
  the fact that they theoretically might be able to act in a more agile way does n't mean they actually do in reality . 
  they almost always produce loyalism , patrimonialism , supression of needed dissent and so forth . 
  the ` meritocratic dictatorship ' with some kind of lean run , performant and objective authority is a fiction . 
  yes , if you design the law in a way that punishes minorities and exludes the guys in charge , then you are acting racist . 
  do n't take it from me , take it form nixon 's chief strategist atwater . 
  this is what he had to say about policy of this kind :  you start out in 1954 by saying , `` nigger , nigger , nigger . '', 
  by 1968 you ca n't say `` nigger '' -- that hurts you . 
  backfires . 
  so you say stuff like forced busing , states ' rights and all that stuff . 
  you 're getting so abstract now [ that ] you 're talking about cutting taxes , and all these things you 're talking about are totally economic things and a byproduct of them is [ that ] blacks get hurt worse than whites . 
  and subconsciously maybe that is part of it . 
  i 'm not saying that . 
  but i 'm saying that if it is getting that abstract , and that coded , that we are doing away with the racial problem one way or the other . 
  you follow me -- because obviously sitting around saying , `` we want to cut this , '' is much more abstract than even the busing thing , and a hell of a lot more abstract than `` nigger , nigger . '', 
  this is true for an underfunded school system , too . 
  or for purposefully segregated housing that shoves minorities into the same neighborhoods . 
  it is in fact much more effective at carrying out a racist agenda because the racism is implicit in the system rather than explicit . 
  and you can always tell grandiose stories about how the law applies to everybody . 
  you 're still not understanding the point . 
  drug consumption in the us largely independent of demographic you are in . 
  pretty much across the board illicit drugs are consumed to an equal degree , yet looking at the imprisoned population , nearly 80 % of all prisoners incarcerated for drug usage are black or hispanic . 
  why is that ? 
  because enforcement of drug legislation disproportionately hits poor neighborhoods . 
  rich people are not subject to control and oversight in the same way hispanic or black minorities are . 
  they are usually not the ones dealing on the street but control the white collar side of drug trade . 
  this nominally ` equal ' law punishes the poor to a much larger degree , and with that the african american and hispanic populations , who are historically marginalized . 
  the law in this case has been specifically weaponized to be enforced against minority populations . 
   in its majestic equality , the law forbids rich and poor alike to sleep under bridges , begins in the streets and steals loaves of bread . 
  yes , surely someone growing up on a private trust fund will have a hard time avoiding laws concerning theft and store looting . 
  this is a ahistorical and naive approach to social life and law . 
  if you have a city with one religious minority and everybody else being atheist and you virulently start to pass anti-religious laws , you 're effectively marginalizing one group , and you 'd be using the alleged neutrality of the law to do it . 
  this is the oldest trick on the books . 
  if you keep perpetually criminalizing them and keep them at the social fringes it is likely that the families will never escape a circle of crime and poverty , that is neither an offensive statement as you are suggesting or a surprising one . 
  and it is very much intentionally set up this way, 
  and this is the difference between actually knowing what 's going on and reading breitbart news ` multi-kulti ' as a derogatory term used by the cdu was just a shot at green / left laissez faire policy , it was never a call to close borders or fall into some kind of xenophobia . 
  yep it 's genius , the narration is just like another instrument, 
  i do n't think i can link paywalled papers here directly , but you can simply search for the url or doi on https://sci-hub.ac/  so it contradicts itself a bit . 
  a nuclear reactor is a regional infrastructure . 
  solar and wind , need to be manage europe wide to face intermittence . 
   wind and pv are as much if no more capital intensive than nuclear . 
  and as i said it 's more centralized . 
  that 's not correct .
