  it 's also still possible for people in russia to fall from buildings or get heart attacks , so just defaulting to political assassination without hard evidence is still very bad reasoning . 
  jeez is this the 1970s pedophilia stuff again ? 
  you think this is what i base my vote on in 2017 ? 
  pls, 
  as a spd member i 'd actually prefer a red/green/yellow coalition too . 
  die linke is absolutely ridiculous on almost every issue . 
  i want a social liberal government , the constant old-school left ramble annoys me to no end . 
  it 's our version of corbyn . 
  austerity policies would end ( if he can actually deliver ) , which for europeans is probably the biggest single issue in regards to germany . 
  lol what is it with this anti-banking nonsense ? 
  they 're well paying ( as a result high taxed ) service sector jobs with virtually no environmental impact and low barriers to entry for employees . 
  the last part is something that people most often neglect . 
  in the it industry , banking or other highly-productive service sectors the playing field is very even . 
  all you need is the training and talent , which can be produced a lot cheaper , than land , machines or an inherited fortune . 
  the chance for someone from the lower social classes to participate in this sector of the economy is a lot higher than for someone to become a wealthy industrialist in this day and age , which is basically reserved for age old family dynasties . 
  they 're talking about people emigrating from estonia after they 've finished their education . 
  well we already did tell the secret food police . 
  sorry pal you 're going to the pizza gulag . 
  honestly melenchon 's let 's leave the eu , leave nato renegotiate post-soviet borders ( wtf ) sounds exactly like le pen . 
  melenchon sounds like some kind of national bolshevik i liked hamon . 
  he was like melenchon without all the crazy stuff . 
  also disappointed by macron , he 's starting to sound like a french varoufakis . 
  allusions to wage european movements are n't going to do anything . 
  very little substance . 
  no , not really . 
  the asian pacific is n't really a region that germans both government and body politic are aware of . 
  trade is pretty much as far as it goes and on that topic we 're pretty keen to have good pragmatic relations with both countries . 
  but i honestly do n't see it escalating either . 
  china is acting aggressively at times but overall rationally and japan has a pacifist constitution ( and more importantly population ) and is old as hell . 
  we might just be entering what has been dubbed the age of `` geriatric peace '' , at least in that region of the world . 
  i 'm not actually a putin sympathizer or anything and i get that the situation in russia is bad for anybody who actually cares about civil liberties and whatnot but if you take a look at russia internationally it has annexed part of ukraine without larger repercussions and effectively split europe over it , the country is asserting itself in the middle-east , ( the iran-iraq-syria axis is slowly driving the us out of the region , especially the iraq turn towards russia is hugely awkward ) and with their cheap propaganda efforts they even turned the us upside down . 
  given the economic size of russia that you are rightly pointing to the country is punching way above its weight limit , and if it 's not the economy it must be the political leadership . 
  of course this can always turn around and end in another colored revolution that paranoid russian bureaucrats are always afraid of but i 'm not an oracle , i can only judge it by what 's going on right now . 
  and i definitely belief that putin sees himself as an ideologue who wants to rebuild a certain historical vision of what he believes russia to be . 
  if he was in it for the money the international situation would look much different . 
  i do n't think suggestive handshake psychology is a very useful metric . 
  anyway i think japan is trying to keep beneficial relations with pretty much any country that is n't china ( and occasionally even china ) , which is more or less their only geopolitical problem in the region . 
  they 're heavily dependent on open trade so i ca n't imagine abe antagonizing anybody too much . 
  the ` religious ' part of religion is the belief in the ` big other ' . 
  many atheists are in fact very religious and simply start projecting god onto other things . 
  say the state , some other collectivist political belief system and so on . 
  berthold brecht sums this up in his `` stories of mr. keuner ''  a man asked mr. k. whether there is a god . 
  mr. k. said : `` i advise you to consider whether , depending on the answer , your behavior would change . 
  if it would not change , then we can drop the question . 
  if it would change , then i can at least be of help to the extent that i can say , you have already decided : you need a god . '' this is pretty much what ` new atheism ' a la dawkins , harris and so on is all about . 
  going as far as saying that extremist religious beliefs would be tenable * if * their theological claims would be true . 
  in other words , they do n't take issue with the absolute submission to authority , but simply disagree about the fine print . 
  i dunno if one guy is able to walk across water it might be that one, 
  the bottom line is that russia right now has consolidated its position again . 
  it is a very capable regional power , the living standard has objectively increased and this is something that people in russia have noticed . 
  corruption is , by definition , the collusion of public and private interest and the use of public resources for private gain . 
  as a result genuinely corrupt states are weak and disfunctional . 
  this is not true for russia at the moment . 
  sure it 's russia and there 's a shitton of nepotism , but at the basic level putin is putting his grandiose russian project over private interests . 
  you seem to be a little too emotional about this , i did n't say that he is a great guy or a humanist but he is effectively leading russia , much more so than most people in recent history, 
  he 's not actually corrupt in any meaningful sense . 
  russian 's perceive yeltsin era style ` liberal ' kleptocracy as corrupt because that 's what drove the population 's living standard into the ground in recent living memory . 
  under putin 's zealous politics many plutocrats have been driven out of business or straight into prison while he 's been heavily re-nationalising parts of the economy . 
  as a result the poorest in the country are doing much better than they did ten or twenty years ago . 
  same goes for erdogan . 
  they can govern almost unopposed because they 've consolidated support among the small middle and working class . 
  people from that demographic in second world countries do n't care much about international relations or cultural rights . 
  not really no . 
  a democracy is not some de-politised space where everything is determined by a horde of lawyers . 
  in a democracy people need to be able to shape public life , this technocratic nonsense is exactly what is pushing extreme parties to the forefront . 
  right-wingers have success because they promise people to give them control over political life back , even if it is something as vulgar as a literal wall . 
  many people have had enough of purely bureaucratic management . 
  de-facto discrimination is discriminatory too . 
  i do n't really know what you want out of the spd . 
  it 's a social democrat party , they ought to be concerned with the material and physical interests of society and * positive * rights . 
  if you 're really into law & order , due process and putting abstract legal rights above direct action a socialist ( - ish ) party might not be the place for you . 
  that 's firmly conservative territory, 
  i mean that 's rich coming from `` let me take this 100k cash arms dealer donation '' sch\u00e4uble but i honestly do n't care about due process as much as i care about seeing someone protecting journalists . 
  maas did n't need to do that and he did anyway . 
  i do n't know what that stiftung is but i approve the enforcement of hate-speech laws ( the internet is a public space too ) and i have no problem with the quota and so on . 
  posting on facebook is n't a privacy issue given that it 's not well . . private the spd is a socially progressive party too , not just a working class party . 
  i like maas , i dunno why people hate him . 
  last year he stuck his neck out for two * netzpolitik * journalists and that actually impressed me quite a bit . 
  he 's one of the few ministers that have privacy protection and civil rights high up on their list . 
  ( in the german context , obviously most people respect civil rights ), 
   i really want to have this guy as our glorious new leader , but his party is what irks me . 
  if he kicks our maas the spd has my vote . 
  lol i want the spd to govern and to get sch\u00e4uble out of the office but schulz irks me . 
  he really has this trump like `` imagine him like you want him to be '' quality and that just seems off to me . 
  nobody liked sigmar but at least he did n't try to appeal to everybody and had competence and profile as far as national politics is concerned . 
  schulz does n't seem to hold any actual political beliefs . 
   if you 're looking for an appropriate target for outrage blame people who swallow up anti-climate science propaganda without question , the people producing the propaganda , and finally the founding fathers for a crummy electoral system . 
  do n't do the easy/lazy thing and blame some imagined personification of ` america . ', 
  every time the participation rate goes up the result tips more in this direction . 
  the system is no excuse , these very ideas are competitive in america . 
  this shit would poll at 10 % here , not 45 % . 
  the climate change denial and complete disrespect for any intellectual authority is a real thing , i did n't just conjure it up because i do n't like the us . 
  but you have to own your decisions collectively . 
  a democratic country can not vaguely blame the alleged shadowy elites . 
  yet he gets to govern 100 % of america and the rest was apparently okay with it . 
  not voting is a political action too in a democracy . 
  when vital issues such as , in this case , climate change are on the line which will shape politics for decades to come , what does it say about you if you ca n't even be bothered to show up ? 
  no honestly half the population . 
  at this point you can not just push this on the elites . 
  the people want it this way , trump and these representatives are the product of american democracy .
