  ah okay , so racism . 
  good we got that out of the way, 
   i do n't think they are saying that there is some inherent benefit to diversity but there is a benefit to being accepting of diversity . 
  which is a subtle distinction . 
  which is the entire point . 
  if several groups are equally capable and numerous , but your resulting team is not diverse , you must be discriminating instead of going by performance . 
  well good then women should be represented roughly equally , or are you insinuating that women are half as capable as men of doing the job ? 
  if in fact women are as qualified as men but are vastly under-represented then we must conclude that women are being , in some way , discriminated against . 
  and in this case anti-discriminatory measures will improve performance, 
  it has held through the cold war , which was much more dramatic than anything we 're seeing now . 
  it single handledly makes any large scale war between the major powers impossible . 
  the amount of lives saved by this is practically immeasurable . 
  nobody 's talking about tolerating north korea having nukes , they 'll be taken out before they ever reach that stage . 
  mad is not the same as nuclear proliferation . 
  mad is a guarantor of peace , disarmament is a terrible idea . 
   ot back to the essential principles of its society , space colonisation and the production of laser weaponry . 
  i 'm pretty sure that [ i have seen a british documentary about this ] ( http://www.davidmcdonaldspage.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/cult_doctor_who_history_100_objects_4.jpg ), 
  you 're thinking putin is the only person in russian politics ? 
  he 's comparatively sane compared to the whole military and political apparatus, 
  because it profits them lol . 
  if they 're serious about it they could run a campaign on it . 
  if enough people think it 's important they 'll change it . 
   rightful representation by what right ? 
  i guess they know how the french election system works , apparently nobody wants to vote for them if push comes to shove . 
  you just literally told us that you are ` too lazy too vote ' , sorry but what is there to respect ? 
  it 's a few minutes every five years you have to invest , how is that supposed to be respectable ? 
  uk yes , see marginalised ukip . 
  us is another matter because the extremism is actually represented by half of the population , technically it applies to the us too . 
  a 10 % party would not obtain any seats . 
  i 'd consider it a feature , gives a strong governing majority and keeps extremists out, 
  how about you get your ass to the voting booth and exercise your rights as a citizen that shit is infuriarating , you ca n't find an hour to register and vote ? 
   because i moved in recently and i was too lazy are you kidding me, 
  and not only networks , but legit newspapers too . 
  it always worked the same way . 
  trump produces some outrageous lie or obscenity , say he accuses the nyt of not covering terrorism , then the nyt takes the bait and goes `` hey here 's the twenty times we talked about terrorism '' and whoops he has already shifted the narrative to a topic he likes to talk about . 
  always the shame shit , that is why he produced the outrage in the first place . 
  it 's so fucking easy to see i honestly do n't understand how genuine jounralists can be so easily manipulated . 
  this is how the new california republic was born , did n't know that fallout was supposed to be a manual, 
  we 're democracies and have checks and balances , speech restrictions have constitutional limits . 
  at the moment i worry more about what happens when radicals take over the complete social media infrastructure for recruitment efforts . 
  i do n't want a `` real free market '' and the fact that these kinds of systems are basically unregulatable and prevent law from being enforced is n't a good thing . 
  i 'm more afraid of a constantly declining public discourse than i am of some 1984 boogeyman . 
  as i said , regionally . 
  ukip wad a single issue party dispersed through the whole country . 
  not a genuine , consolidated political force hence their result in this election . 
  the greens are simply too weak to win at all . 
  the scottish independence situation , now ireland conflict is back on the menu and westminster is in turmoil ? 
  jesus dave what have you done lol . 
  this is why you never go full plebiscite, 
  why are we talking about the internet ? 
  sunde , in the article provided talks about business and political actors and how we are to respond to monopolisation of certain industries and products , and so did i in my first post . 
   everything has gone wrong . 
  that 's the thing , it 's not about what will happen in the future it 's about what 's going on right now . 
  we 've centralized all of our data to a guy called mark zuckerberg , who 's basically the biggest dictator in the world as he was n't elected by anyone . 
  this is the topic of the article . 
  you need to be clear what you want to discuss, 
  the point of a social network is to have shared data . 
  that 's the social part . 
  control and the service are linked here . 
  you ca n't be anonymous and part of a social network , at least in the sense of the service that facebook and such provide to you . 
  for file sharing it 's irrelevant , there your personal information is not valuable to the service . 
  but in anything that is data driven central processing gives an advantage . 
  p2p services will never be able to provide the same service that a company like facebook can . 
  mastodon will not replace twitter for the same reason dogecoin wo n't replace a central bank . 
  is n't it possible that this actually compromises the whole irish situation and lead to new conflict ? 
  they 're also hardcore loyalists right ? 
  can we at least discuss this rationally without freaking out ? 
  macron is n't putting dissenters into fema camps , he 's doing it because we 're facing legitimate security threats . 
  it certainly does n't make it proportional , but fair is a meaningless term in this context . 
  it expresses the idea of local representation , that 's neither fair or unfair . 
  the intent of the british system is not to be geographically agnostic , the idea is to have a collection of regional constituencies each send a representative to westminster . 
  in a centralised system this is arguably an important counterweight . 
  it provides a mechanism for small , but determined groups to make their voice heard in a democracy . 
  ( for example the scottish ) if you want a proportional system you need to make a case why this is superior , this is not self-evident . 
   if you two actually wanted to make your houses independent that would mean that there is something very very wrong with the country you 're in . 
  no , it would most likely mean that you have two very crazy people living in your neighbourhood, 
  he 's explicitly anti-corporate and anti-statist , rejects almost all political solutions . 
  of course the internet by design should not have single points of failure , that 's not a position anybody is seriously going to contest . 
  but to curb the power of large actors you 're going to have equally large political efforts . 
  supporting marginal parties like the pirates in small nations is n't going to help . 
  he 's explicitly talking about the market , not the infrastructure of the net . 
  mastodon has as far as i am aware at this point about a few ten thousand users ? 
  sorry but that is not the level of popularity we 're talking about here , richard stallman is not going to safe the world . 
  the people who can tell you what free software means are the people you do n't need to convince . 
  the mainstream user numbers for gnu / open source / free software are marginal in the grand scheme of things , and it does n't look like that is changing . 
  that 's still a monopoly though practically , just with a different name on the door every x years . 
  genuine competition at the same time is rare . 
  which is logical because having users nowadays gives you more data which gives you more users etc. . 
  size alone makes you profitable which makes you bigger , there 's a positive feedback loop in the modern digital economy . 
  i do n't want ` over-regulation ' which is a buzzword and by definition bad hence the ` over ' , i want rules that benefit the ecosystem and the users . 
  you make those through politics , not activism . 
  people like sunde do n't like that because they have a fetish for technical solutions even if those solutions are bad . 
  it 's irrelevant what i want , if you follow sunde 's beliefs you 'll get a private unregulated one . 
  if all the people who were as passionate as him would sign up with an electable majority party tomorrow , go into parliaments and draft legislations the ecosystem would be better for it . 
  we need common rules to play by , not activism . 
  the icelandic pirate party is not going to save the internet, 
  i really , really dislike this techo-naive criticism of ` centralisation ' , it 's a modern left-wing phenomenon mostly . 
  decentralisation is a nice sounding word but it 's not the answer for everything . 
  scale is good . 
  facebook is popular because you want one social network , not twenty .
