  i 'm actually not sure if i agree that we 're more egalitarian than many other countries . 
  we give women more legal rights than other places , that is true but we still treat women like girls . 
  we have all these cliche hollywood like stereotypes , beauty pageants and whatnot that other countries do n't even have . 
  you might be right that the reason for this might be poverty or whatever , but it 's liberating in a sense nonetheless . 
  i spend two years working in china and due to the one child policy people will focus on making their child independent and giving them an education and ambition no matter if girl or boy . 
  i do n't actually think there is anything intrinsic about these religious middle-class values we drill into people , it 's not special . 
  many of the `` oppressive '' countries are much more pragmatic about women 's chances . 
  in a way we are very pseudo liberal . 
  in iran they might force a headscarf on you but that 's basically where it stops and all that cultural paternal crap is n't there . 
  this is quite interesting in general , in very conservative places you will often find that women really run the place . 
  then verify his identification and call the employer and look up if his employment is legit ? 
  these people are border security , not it recruiters for startups . 
  or alternatively we could all stop being paranoid fucks . 
  again , there is no way in hell that security personnel can accurately test a specialist . 
  everybody who wants to game the system can simply invent bullshit or alternatively prepare ten minutes . 
  as a software engineer i can tell you that this is a ridiculous question that a lot of people will not be able to correctly answer on the spot ( a large subset of programmers does not need this knowledge ) , and secondly was the person asking the question probably not qualified to evaluate it to begin with . 
  this is basically the kind of question you get when you google `` programming challenge '' or something . 
  this whole thing is ridiculous . 
  if you have valid papers you do n't need to do any of this shit after a 13 hour flight , but of course the_donald is here again to defend this nonsense . 
  what we should institute is a quizz on this subreddit to sort the_donald posters out . 
  i guess it 's a troll account . 
   i mean come on , it 's xxi century , a salary can differ a lot even for workers with same productivity . 
  this is a matter of ambitions , demands and lots of other stuff , not some spherical equality in vacuum . 
  i love how redditors turn into ardent capitalists as soon as women are the ones that stand to gain from collective bargaining . 
  in every other thread people will celebrate wage legislation , unions and whatnot . 
  but god forbid your female coworker mooches off your productivity . 
  also having worked in the industry myself , literally every programmer thinks that they 're ten times more productive than the people around them . 
  if there was something to this self-perception we 'd have reached singularity by now . 
  while it is true that productivity in the ` knowledge economy ' can vary more than between say brick layers , the difference is often overstated . 
  also that women chose lower paying jobs is obviously a problem . 
  it 's statistically true that men have higher risk to abuse alcohol and have higher suicide rates , this is not a justification , just a description . 
  nobody would consider this tolerable just because it 's explainable by lifestyle decisions . 
  the wage gape does n't lose its significance just because it is grounded in more than just direct discrimination , that 's an idiotic idea . 
  [ excuse me sir , but can you balance a binary search tree on this piece of paper ? 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/cyberomin/status/835888786462625792 ) and yes that actually happened, 
  i think that 's bad enough already honestly and i also remember tsipra 's 300 billion reparation remarks . 
  although this is n't exactly on the same level as the erdolf rhetoric it 's a pretty fucked up use of history as well , simply because it was thrown around for petty political reasons . 
  ( btw i do n't have a problem talking about reparations when they 're legitimate , but this was just tasteless ), 
   where ? 
   which documents ? 
   are you talking local municipalities or ? 
  i 'm talking all branches of government . 
  municipalities as well as states provide official documents in multiple languages . 
   the united states does not have a national official language . 
  english ( specifically american english ) is the primary language used for legislation , regulations , executive orders , treaties , federal court rulings , and all other official pronouncements ; although there are laws requiring documents such as ballots to be printed in multiple languages when there are large numbers of non-english speakers in an area . 
  [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_the_united_states#official_language_status ), 
  if she speaks on greece 's behalf again we 'll have the nazi accusations thrown at us from that direction lol . 
  have learned that the hard way, 
   really , how so ? 
  governments provide official documents and services in multiple languages . 
  just do yourself a favour and visit/work in the country before you talk about things you have no clue about . 
   satire surely . 
  no , nobody tells you what language to speak . 
  i mean that literally . 
  that 's not a thing people do in the us . 
  the real one , nobody in the us tell people what language to speak , if you 've ever visited a multi-lingual state like california you 'll see that many areas accommodate people in multiple languages , so do public institutions . 
  the weather is fine . 
  the us does n't assimilate , everybody can speak whatever language they want on a fucking construction site or at home , because honestly why would anybody care one thing the us actually get 's right is that they leave people the hell alone as long as they do their job . 
  europeans apparently being triggered by hearing people talk in a foreign tongue . 
  on a continent that has produced about a bazillion languages . 
  you 're correct-ish , us corporate tax rate is high nominally and effectively , but the effective rate is also on par with the oecd average . 
   the most recent estimate comes from the world bank and international finance commission , which put the united states ' effective rate for 2014 at 27.9 percent . 
  that 's second-highest behind new zealand among oecd countries and 15th-highest among the 189 countries measured . 
   in 2011 , the tax foundation published a survey of 13 prior estimates of the united states ' effective tax rate from 2005 to 2011 . 
  all 13 studies pegged the u.s. 's rate as above average , but none had the u.s. rate first overall . 
   another 2011 study by the congressional research service put the u.s. effective rate at 27.1 percent , slightly lower than the oecd average of 27.7 percent . 
  trade deals have been popular among centre-left folks and europeans for decades , it 's largely the far-left that rejects globalisation . 
  this is n't just a trump reaction . 
  also europe has always been fairly open as far as trade is concerned . 
  the us employs significantly more protectionist measures . 
  because orban , all his posturing aside is an opportunist and will do whatever it takes to be in power . 
  kaczy\u0144ski is a legitimate fanatic, 
  these traitor accusations are like a giant moron warning light . 
  who the fuck votes for these people, 
   it has cheaper prices and is crushing small businesses because it does n't play by the same rules as everyone else . 
  it 's easy to win any competition ( sports , university exam , businesses ) when you do n't play by the same rules . 
  amazon plays by the same rules , they just employ strategies that take advantage of existing frameworks . 
  amazon pays very little taxes because amazon reinvests heavily , they are not running profits and are instead trying to expand and take over large parts of the ecosystem . 
  anti-trust laws , taxation and so forth are historically very profit , price and output focused and driven by consumer interest . 
  viewed from this perspective , amazon is a very benevolent enterprise because it forgoes profit , sells at low prices and as such flies under the radar of existing legislature . 
  here 's a good read on the topic . 
   no it 's a serious difference , men having sex with boys is not gay , it 's paedophilia , just like them having sex with girls is n't straight , it 's paedophilia . 
  i 'll see if i can dig up the study again , but some researchers interviewed priests who had committed sexual assaults against children and they did n't even show paedophilia or homosexual tendencies . 
  it was often a crime of opportunity comparable to prison sexual assault because male children were often simply the only victim group available to them . 
  people should be wary of these corellations . 
  just like homosexuality and paedophilia are n't causally linked , priesthood itself is no motivator for sexual assault . 
  paedophiles working in jobs that brings them into contact with many children ( priest , teacher etc. . ) , especially in trust relationships , simply have more opportunities to commit crime . 
  like imagine what you say here to actual people in the real world and if you do n't end up getting punched in the face you 're good . 
  and you think one data point is sufficient to interfere anything ? 
  this guy was mentally ill , so what are you going to do the next time , throw a coin ? 
  ironically the hallmark of craziness is an obsession with a plot and causal relations . 
  crazy people rarely can believe that things just happen coincidentally . 
  we already know that mental illness is bad , do n't need a crazed axe murderer to prove the point . 
  these ethno-religious investigations are of little interest . 
  better figure out how to improve general security that works for a vide variety of cases than trying to spin these stories . 
  well mostly because this is wealth and not income inequality . 
  higher income and availability of public services affects quality of live stronger than large personal wealth . 
  ( which the bottom half is basically excluded from anyway ), 
  i 'd very much argue it 's the exact reverse . 
  equality in a coalition system is a lip service .
