  do n't venture into the sciences , you 're going to have a bad day conflict of ideas is necessary and productive in any society that does n't want to stagnate . 
  well stop oversimplifying , it 's terrible . 
  entrepreneurs can join the spd and poor people can join the fdp , you do n't get to decide what parties stand for , they 're not enemy armies or something , german politics was always based on consensus . 
  this invisible hand stuff is completely absent in german politics in general , nobody wants to completely eliminate the welfare state . 
  and not anything about the agenda 2010 was bad . 
  deregulation of the labour markets was a good thing . 
  the problem was that people neglected to take care off the people who were unable to keep up with the rapid changes . 
  if you want to be an attractive place for investment and modern economic sectors you ca n't run labour policies of the 60s . 
  i still do n't understand why i ca n't do that . 
  if i believe that our market based economic system is pretty great at creating wealth but i also believe that there should be a strong social net to supplement this i 'm pretty much at the intersection between social democracy and liberalism . 
  there 's more areas to this . 
  individual pension ages , autonomy at the workplace , and so on . 
  in the scandinavian countries this model has been called ` flexicurity ' , trying to combine the best of both worlds . 
  it literally does exist already , in practise, 
  it would probably the most realistic outcome should schulz really win , which in itself is still unlikely . 
  but i 'd prefer to not have countless of grand coalitions after another . 
  i 'd still prefer it to a cdu led government or anything else though . 
  yeah i have bad news for you nobody cares about class warfare . 
  both the spd and fdp have a long social liberal history ( and that is where the intersection is ) , hell they have governed on the federal level before and do so regionally . 
  relevant part :  the sectoral approach is an aggregation of the manufacturing industries according to technological intensity ( r&d expenditure/value added ) and based on the statistical classification of economic activities in the european community ( nace ) at 2-digit level . 
  the level of r&d intensity served as a criterion of classification of economic sectors into high-technology , medium high-technology , medium low-technology and low-technology industries . 
  they 're supplementing that further and also look at employment of tertiary educated in any given sector as well as patents and international product classifcaiton . 
  that together with research/value added produces their classification , seems reasonable, 
   `` if your posts do n't quality to the standards i hold , them good riddance '' also burning duck kills leftists . 
  remember that . 
  `` if your posts do n't quality to the standards i hold , them good riddance '' also burning duck kills leftists . 
  remember that . 
  well i 'm not a leftist , i just hate mouthbreaters , so i 'm good i assume also , is your autocorrect broken ? 
  post news on voat , who is stopping you ? 
  good riddance nobody is obligated to host anybody 's bullshit . 
  if your posts do n't even fulfill the quality standards of fucking facebook maybe you ought to rethink your positions, 
  hopefully he does and that is n't even a contradiction, 
  as a spd member , because of their fp russia love , populist econ policies ( rambling against trade-agreements ) , occasional nationalism , anti-zionist attitudes and so on . 
  i ' d also like an spd/greens/fdp government . 
   busy making depressed art films weird that i just saw this on youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpthgd0ouem, 
   so i 'd imagine that they go through a lot of sriracha . 
  bringing 1kg of mass into low orbit costs about 20k dollars , so that bottle of sriracha costs about 10k . 
  careful with the servings !, 
   some of which are small rural places of 10 thousand inhabitants ( wi\u0105zowna , for instance ) . 
  almost all of them voted for pis in the last elections . 
  a vote in tiny wi\u0105zowna will be worth as much as 21 in mokot\u00f3w so it 's basically the midwest of warsaw and you get the electoral college . 
  that sounds pretty bad, 
  apparently greenland is 2k meters above the sea level median , which would be about as high as most mountains in norway . 
  this seems to check out . 
  huh i always thought greenland is super flat, 
  seize the means of production obviously, 
   he 's been saying these things since the beginning and he 's taking action . 
  sure , a president may not always be 100 % true to his word , but trump has been pretty damn close . 
  yes , the first fucking time you hope a politician actually does n't do what he promises he 's going at it 24/7 . 
  the best lack all conviction while the worst are full of passionate intensity etc, 
  well if the nude photos from her youth circulating around the internet are real that 's wrong i 'm not going to google them again , i have not yet recovered from the last time, 
  russia aside , historical territorial claims are always awful no matter who they 're coming from , because they can be used to justify anything . 
  the question should always be whether a state can function and guarantee freedom and basic rights to its citizens . 
  in fact there is an infinite amount of hollandes around you , always just barely out of your field of view . 
  well i guess you need to ship the statue over , thanks, 
   do guns really matter in that sense ? 
  no , it 's a phallic object, 
  it 's not just this . 
  the afd also has toyed with the idea of privatising most of social security although i do n't even know if that 's legal at all . 
  their whole program is basically a big fat screw you to anybody in the lower income bracket . 
  but we 've seen this play out in the us and uk too . 
  you have a problem if the voters can not even identify their own interests any more . 
  sure , but if you 've identified that the voters are voting irrationally your job is to get the voters back on a rational path , not adapt your behaviour . 
  `` the customer is king '' does n't work in democracies , it 's not a pizza delivery . 
  government in functioning democracies challenges public opinion and should also resist if the people get a little too passionate and angry . 
  yes because rich people just sit there eating caviar while the peasants have to do the hard work . 
  seriously you ca n't be that dense and think this is an adequate description of our economic system . 
  it 's no wonder france is in the state it is if this level of thinking is representative of the country . 
   what are you even talking about ... of course that labor and owners are at constant conflict ... those are basics of economics . 
  no this is not ` basic economics ' , that is the peculiar reading of french class conflict that has n't been relevant for half a century , which is why the french socialist party is in tatters , and instead of putting someone forward who is actually not a political fossil they keep moving farther to the left , just like corbyn in the uk . 
  what 's so hard to understand that you can leverage the positive effects of a liberal market policy and combine it with a welfare state ? 
  this is n't rocket science , it 's a model that 's being employed in numerous economies around the world . 
  this is n't a neoliberal myth , it 's a fact . 
  just because french people have been spoon fed that business and worker need to be in a permanent state of warfare does n't mean that this is actually correct . 
  germany , a traditionally much more liberal country than france does not suffer from higher inequality or a vanishing middle class . 
  canada or denmark do n't either . 
  you have to recognise at some point that statist labour market policies are harmful to * everybody * . 
  france needs to focus on using state intervention where it 's beneficial and get out of the sectors that are being hampered . 
  i swear to god all french people have been doing is screaming `` liberal liberal liberal '' from all sides of the political extremes for fifteen years instead of finally fixing their shit . 
  welfare state and market liberal policies run orthogonal to each other , they 're not opposites . 
  france in many aspects is actually not a very liberal economy * and * does not have a well equipped welfare state . 
  instead france has always focused on union/employer warfare , useless regulation like the 35h work week ( which just pushes poor people into the shadow economy ) housing price caps ( which are just about the only thing every economist considers to be useless ) , way too early retirement age etc. . 
  the scandinavian economies , especially sweden are an example of a combination of market liberal policies * with * a welfare state . 
  no institutional rot , individual pension age , etc. 
  france has essentially picked the worst of both worlds completely ill suited to the modern economy . 
  also nafta is n't a problem for the american worker , and not for the american working class . 
  the job loss due to outsourcing is negligible , the main reason is restructuring of the economy from mass employment industrial sector to the information sector . 
  i do n't agree at all , especially regarding france . 
  the country is still running on much of the regulations and policies that cripple the economy and they 've not actually employed market liberal policies at all . 
  and none of the things you listed actually threaten the international order in any palpable way , in contrast to lepen 's policies . 
  in fact much of it is just silly slogans , in what sense have corporations too much power ? 
  you really ca n't , what 's so wrong with being a neoliberal exactly from a standpoint of policy making and international relations ? 
  this is a problem of the distribution of democratic voters , they all occupy the cities where most of the votes are either lost in the presidential elections or irrelevant in state elections . 
  and concerning middle america , those regions are religious and conservative as fuck . 
  the only democrats that stand a chance are not left-wingers but blue dogs . 
  left-wing politics has no majority in the us , it 's not even a sizeable plurality . 
  that is precisely why it is so important for dems and left-wingers to turn out together in the presidential elections . 
  the same is true for most european countries , although to a lesser degree . 
  jeremy corbyn will never win anything , does n't matter how happy his base is . 
  people voted for them , repeatedly actually .
