  action for action 's sake is intrinsically undemocratic and usually leads to violence . 
  democracies need to temper the passions of the body politic . 
  of course demagogues are more in touch with the plebs , you 're greek so i do n't think i need to translate what * demos * means . 
  the comparison to ancient greece is quite fitting because these whole conflicts are essentially about plebiscite democracy screwing us over again, 
  which most of the time is a cosmetic procedure and thus irrelevant to the topic at hand, 
   i think this is because it 's very clear for all to see that christian fundamentalists are an entirely different threat than muslim fundamentalists . 
   yeah there 's actually enough of them to influence politics , which is much more concerning than some hallucinated fifth column, 
  legalism actually is fairly similar to modern approaches of governance as it ties into the weberian idea of a bureaucratic , impartial , strong state that governs fairly rationally and efficiently and so on , this folksy russian version of having everybody united under some natural and organic tsar without all the rule of law is completely metaphysical and different . 
  putin loves to talk about this stuff , he always talks about russia 's destiny , tied into the geographic region etc. . it 's absolutely not comparable to the chinese form of government which is really technocratic . 
  ( and always was , which gave china a historical head start ) i did use the word modernity broadly , i was not only talking about western systems . 
  the alt-right is n't conservative . 
  they hold anti-establishment positions and decry ` elites ' , they 've got serious problem with the state of law and civil society , they 're populist , they frequently advocate for a large welfare state and protectionist economic policies , argue for direct democracy and so on . 
  literally none of this is conservative , burke would turn in his grave . 
  conservatives like free trade and a limited state , rule of law , have no problem recognizing the value of ` elites ' and are skeptical of flat hierarchies and direct democracy . 
  conservatives argue for incremental progress and the status quo if in doubt and generally put some serious emphasis on civil conduct and reject any kind of revolutionary tone . 
   we need to discuss the anglo question it 's a result of a lack of tabooization and social stigma in the anglo sphere , see david irving , several institutes in the us that exist to spread holocaust denial and so on . 
  that shit is not even legal here . 
  so you kind of get a parallel world where all of this stuff is being perpetuated . 
  then there 's conservative talk radio in the us which is essentially a kind of propaganda infrastructure for these people , it pretty much always pops up in regions where public infrastructure/institutions do n't exist and the state is weak . 
  yes but it needs to go , this is like a direct continuation of the tsarist argument of `` the tsar is spiritually connected to his people , bureaucracy just gets in the way '' . 
  this is quite literally a pre-modern form of society . 
  russia needs a fair and independent bureaucracy . 
   ever heard of a ` pulse check ' ? 
  that is exactly what one of the goals of an advisory referendum is . 
  it checks whether the ` vox populi ' and the political decisions still match up - since a large deviation can indicate an possible disconnect between voters and politicians . 
  foreign policy was , in most democracies , never intended to be under popular control . 
  ask the athenians how that turned out . 
  diplomacy and strategic decisions that require immense foresight and a stable course can not be put into the hand of people who simply have not the slightest understanding of the topics at hand and tend to make emotionally charged and irrational decisions . 
  plebiscites concerning your local own are fine , plebiscites on issues that have consequences fifty years into the future are not . 
   laws in russia are instruments that are used by social groups to enforce and protect their interests . 
  but they are not the primary mean to settle disputes , people and social groups use them when they are unable to find balance of interests . 
  if you just want to barter medieval style or hit each other over the head you do n't need a legal system to begin with . 
  christ russia has a highly educated population , why are they clinging to this archaic stuff, 
  do n't underestimate the pull that the us president has , this kind of post-hoc rationalization is pretty dangerous , institutions are n't infallible . 
  starman sounds like the title of a 90 's space western . 
  today on polish television , cowboy bebop , trigun and starman, 
   the question is , what being pro-polish means ? 
  of course anybody who supports the pis !, 
  everybody else secretly or openly hates poland obviously . 
  basically how pegida/afd etc. . speaks for * the people * ^ tm and everybody else is n't an actual person, 
  yes , the rhetorical autism is intentional and i wish we 'd call people out on it until this silly obfuscation tactic stops . 
  actually that 's not how it works . 
  the constitution is constantly being interpreted and that obviously defines what powers and scope it has . 
  146 , at least as it is currently understood , is not considered to be a kind of ` path to a new constitution ' because that was , if at all , reserved for the purpose of reunification which has already passed . 
  the federal structure of the republic is basically as sacred as anything in our constitution is going to get . 
  the only people who usually advocate 146 to abolish the federal state are identitarian movements like the ` reichsb\u00fcrger ' conspiracy people, 
  yes , but most constitutional scholars consider 146 to be obsolete nowadays . 
  the character of the basic law is pretty much universal and irrevocable and 146 is often seen as ` reunification relic ' . 
  that was before the us elected a person who is essentially a mix of berlusconi and yanukovych, 
   you think that the current german constitution would have prevented hitler from doing what he did ? 
  it 's about mobilizing the people to stand for our values . 
  democratically and institutionally yes , because the german constitution actually has something that 's called the * ewigkeitsklausel * ( eternity clause , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eternity_clause ) the structure of the german federation can not be changed through law , only be overthrown by force . 
  which of course is a moot point , everything can be overthrown by force . 
  that 's a different discussion . 
  and i 'm not being idealistic at all , i 'm being pragmatic . 
  democracy needs to be able to defends itself , that 's why these checks and balances exist . 
  society should be able to change , but only within the realm of what we 've come to identify as the basic liberal democratic western society . 
  importantly again , our constitution is not just historical consensus . 
  we 're not a liberal democratic society because of tradition , we are one because we think that these values are objectively true and self-evident . 
   but rather an ordinary way to gain some votes and insult some people . 
  this is n't ordinary , and no in a democracy a politician can not campaign on undemocratic , unconstitutional and in this case openly racist platforms . 
  pretty much every democracy has provisions that exist to ensure that democracy does not dismantle itself democratically . 
  democracy is founded on the state of law , constitutional principles and individuals rights , it 's not some purely relativist system where the pitchfork mob gets to decide what 's right and what 's not . 
  people disagree with them * and * they are angry and hateful . 
  those things can both be true at the same time . 
  seems obvious enough that angry people might have a lot of people disagreeing with them, 
   the smoking ban is n't even in effect and already there is a loophole to avoid it . 
  places that do n't want to be non-smoking are formally becoming `` private clubs '' i do n't really see the problem , why should someone not be running a bar for smokers ? 
  it 's not like there 's a lack of bars . 
  i do n't really see why this needs to be legislated . 
  yeah but that 's the point they 're forming an unholy alliance against exactly the same thing . 
  this is an age old leftist problem . 
  supporting anti-capitalist emanzipatory movements that run contrary to all leftist ideals . 
  see russian and iranian support , cuba and palestinian support and so forth . 
  the french new left was the first group to pick up new right ` ethnopluralism ' as an ideology because it was supposedly ` anti-imperialist ' . 
   religion played major role in resisting soviet regime . 
  plus communism itself also . 
  the underlying issue is collectivism . 
  both an atheist commie and a radical evangelical can paint gay people as bourgeois liberal individualists . 
  this is not really connected to faith . 
  anti-authoritarian liberation theology is fairly progressive . 
  in fact some significant parts of the left have been flocking back to nationalist or localist anti-liberal positions over the last two decades . 
  everybody not convinced of this can compare the_donald and the anarchist subreddit and compare the number of ` libtard ' posts, 
  probably not honestly , at least ignoring them or trying to educate people has n't helped a great deal we 've tried the high road and it 's just getting worse and worse . 
  if you get sick just get help at sarif industries, 
  how is he going to reduce the number of moroccans , fly them away on his magic carpet ? 
  most of this is simply not universally true . 
  societies like singapore or canada enjoy exceptionally low crime rates and high trust , this is a problem of public governance , security law and so on . 
  i actually grew up as an expat in japan , the society is not equal at all . 
  everybody works 14 hours a day , women have very bad standing , and so on . 
  it 's a deeply entrenched patrimonial society . 
  none of these things are tied to immigration in the way you suggest , they depend on other factors . 
  jobs is only one dimension of the ageing problem , the other one is political power , geriatric societies concentrate all political power in the hands of increasingly old people , which is bad for young people . 
  old societies have higher levels of income inequality , start less businesses , have lower aggregate demand and so on , the problems are manifold . 
  i do n't want to live in a country full of grumpy old guys . 
  we 're an open society , the question should not be `` why do we need immigration ? '', 
  but `` why not ? '', 
  i like meeting people from different cultures , if they wan na come here and try their luck and are genuinely interested in contributing why the fuck send them away . 
  you do n't need have three phds to be a good citizen . 
  the conflict between stable and open societies is completely constructed .
