  yep they 're a little harsh at times but i 'm starting to value the rational/legal approach to government with all this craziness going on . 
  maybe need some confucian values in europe/us, 
  china has been restructuring the energy sector for quite a while now and has real pragmatic reasons ( pollution ) to switch over to renewables , so it 's entirely reasonable that china might have peaked in emissions , which many scientists had predicted for a while anyway . 
  india is a bigger problem . 
  yes , pretty much everyone did and they 're actually committed to it . 
  ( chinese co2 emissions dropped by 1.5 % this year , which is quite impressive given the continuing economic growth ) china is more reliable than the us , what a time to be alive, 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm not arguing for some version of enlightened despotism , but we need to go back to a system where public opinion informs politics , not just drives it blindly with everybody having a hand on the wheel . 
  and as a method to gather public will direct democracy is the worst of them all . 
  it takes all the primitive parts of our decision making and amplifies them while it pushes away slow , well reasoned debate and is essentially completely private . 
  democracy needs to be open and people need to meet . 
  young people on the internet like it because it is pleasant and requires very little effort . 
  it 's the basic income of democracy . 
  rational/legal government in which democratic vote provides checks & balances is the de-facto mode of government in almost any developed country . 
  it 's not only sustainable , it works exceptionally well . 
  what does not work well is populism fuelled by radically democratised social media that is devoid of facts or any form of hierarchy and produces completely unpredictable and mercurial results . 
  ` the people ' change their opinion on a monthly basis . 
  long lasting institutions are always meritocratic and hierarchic in nature . 
  does n't matter if it 's nations , universities , corporations or the catholic church . 
  when popular vote starts to drown out sensible decision making we are in for a wild ride . 
  no it does n't . 
  this was reaffirmed by the european court of human rights . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schalk_and_kopf_v_austria at the moment , same sex marriage is not a protected human right . 
  at the moment it is a matter of national politics . 
  i have inverted the question of legitimacy because society is n't a clown car . 
  we have a society based on the state of law , individual rights , and universal values . 
  the government is not some hammer that the angry mob can swing around however they please . 
  that 's not democracy but blind mob rule . 
  direct democracy demands all of the benefits of popular vote without taking any of the responsibilities . 
  it 's a moral hazard . 
  it also circumvents all of the institutions that fuel debate and sort out bad ideas . 
  it completely atomises discourse , it 's like the reddit upvote system . 
  democracy works when people come together , have structured debates and acknowledge expertise and authority . 
  direct democracy gives the loudest and most extreme the biggest platform . 
  because switzerland is a small nation and most decisions have local impact . 
  in bigger nations most people might not be at the receiving end of their popular votes , or even worse , they will intentionally use their democratic power to stick it to other parts of the population . 
  because it is the job of leaders to educate the people ? 
  in a democracy ? 
  democracy is n't fast food delivery , if the people want to carry power they also must be held responsible . 
  you can not be victim and without agency and demand the right to make decisions at the same time . 
  leaders in a democracy are n't prophets , their job is n't to enlighten the population , that 's something that people need to do themselves . 
  if they can not be hold accountable democracy can not work . 
  semantics , schmemantics in most european countries social democratic parties practise social liberalism . 
  there is no ` true ' sd , and social liberalism has just as long of a tradition as other competing beliefs . 
  the german social democrats have governed with liberal democrats since the 70s and in most cities it 's the dominant form of government . 
  well dugin is a batshit crazy fascist , so of course most of it is bullshit , but i do n't think there is much doubt that russia is exactly fostering the division that 's being described in that excerpt . 
  and yes putin is opportunistic and has no real plan and will most likely have to cave in to economic realities at some point , but the division in the western world is still a dramatic problem and needs to be addressed in some way . 
  because it says man and woman right there , how can you not comprehend this , it is irrelevant why . 
  if you want to enshrine gay marriage as a human right call the fucking un yourself , but it is currently not the case . 
  of course i am aggressive , if the person i have to talk to can not understand two lines of text , jesus christ man, 
  yes , between man and woman , the other guy actually quoted the human rights convention for you . 
  and also , again , we have legal equality already . 
  read the fucking posts you respond to, 
  and this will completely fracture the liberal-left spectrum and give conservatives free reign , because they vote for whoever their party fucking puts up . 
  this fracture on the centre-left is fucking ridiculous . 
  this really is n't the time for these luxury debates . 
  as others have pointed out , gay marriage is n't a human right but we do have civil partnership which creates legal equality anyway , the deal with turkey is not bilateral but there 's nothing wrong with bilateral agreements obviously either . 
  and again , the author uses ` liberal ' as in liberal democratic western tradition , he is not using it in the narrow ` social progressive ' sense . 
  the wests existence does not depend on of gay marriage . 
  that 's still social democracy though , third way politics is arguably the biggest wing of it, 
  she 's awkward in the media but her de-facto position on asylum has always been that we 're going to accommodate people who can claim it lawfully but that we ca n't literally help everybody . 
  she 's been forced to answer these things on a thousand different occasions and every news outlet cut out the part they liked most , but the politics have basically stayed the same . 
  on the eu , i agree . 
  i am a registered social democrat and i do n't really share the austerity and sch\u00e4uble positions , hopefully he 'll be out of politics at some point in the near future . 
  but you need to keep in mind that it is very imperative for us to make it through the next election with a comfortable civil result . 
  if she governs again she 'll have more breathing space to tackle the eu , she 's running low on political capital . 
  and that 's not just populism but realism . 
  trump will be a wake up call to lay petty bureaucracy aside and clean up house i hope . 
  what the fuck is this talk about the inner cities ? 
  crime is down in most inner cities in the us and way better than in the 90 's when the situation was really awful . 
  you are two decades late on this talking point . 
  and you even agree with me that most illegal immigration does n't come over the border and you still telling me i 'm wrong ? 
  this does n't even make any sense who am i losing against ? 
  i 'm not competing with somebody , trump is n't running for office in germany . 
  i do n't give a fuck if you elect a clown . 
  a moron like this would n't get 10 % of the votes over here . 
  we 're talking about liberal as in ` liberal democratic post war order ' . 
  renzi probably fits in there as a social democrat , tsipras definitely does n't . 
  he 's a new left populist although a fairly pro-european one . 
  the author is referring to the western liberal post war order broadly . 
  state of law , universal human values , international cooperation , individual rights etc. . . 
  yes , the european behaviour is mercurial but that is a hard thing to avoid because we 're only the tip of the austerity iceberg . 
  it 's not just germany pushing this , we 're caught in a bad place between eastern/northern and southern europe with different goals that constantly want us to dance around . 
  this is bound to look bad and opportunistic but there 's no real good solution for this . 
  personally and in germany she is a pretty stable centrist with some deep liberal values . 
  this has been shown in the refugee crisis . 
  she 's not just solely running on polls . 
  also the cdu overall is not a reactionary party , they 've pretty much shed off all reactionary impulses over the last few years and have turned into a very burkean conservative party . 
  inner cities do n't have freedom , they 're geographical areas , not people . 
  most illegal immigration occurs through visa overstay , your wall is helping nobody . 
  women are n't being stoned in the us . 
  and no i 'm not a brownshirt you dimwit . 
  and i did n't compare the us to nk either . 
  i said that you can be authoritarian without going to war , and you can be a liberal nation while going to war . 
  those things are not related . 
  brutalism is awesome though, 
  send more of your chocolate into the world , it will increase diplomatic standing, 
  i really prefer modern and industrial design as well . 
  the [ czech embassy ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/tschechische_botschaft_in_berlin.03.jpg ) in berlin is a really cool building, 
  christ come on the kosovo wars under clinton were dovish fp ? 
  and hillary would have been just as hawkish .
