  it 's the leaks that verifies the published statements , not the identity of the whistleblower . 
  whistleblowers that do n't provide sources are n't actually blowing the whistle . 
  seriously did people in this thread suffer from brain damage ? 
  is it so hard to understand how facts are verified ? 
  we say `` whoops sorry '' but we do n't abolish the notion of objective reality or else we 'd need to abollish our whole legal system , ca n't establish truth after all right ? 
  \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af the keyword in modern legal systems usually is `` beyond reasonable doubt '', 
   what about reports that get some facts wrong but had the intent of representing the truth ? 
  nothing will happen , we 're a state of law . 
  this is about getting propaganda off the internet . 
   can any fake news outlet just put the words `` an anonymous source claims '' in front of their article to skirt this law ? 
  no and they already ca n't under existing slander/libel laws , this just extends some journalistic standards to facebook . 
   what if it is a story from a small newspaper in syria that ca n't be verified via a major source but it is true ? 
  then the small newspaper should n't have published it , because journalistic standards demand that you actually have sources and evidence for what you publish . 
   o , education is the answer . 
  i remember in high school having maybe a couple of hours of `` critical thinking and not trusting everything you hear and actually thinking if the info you are getting is trustworthy '' . 
  that stuck with me . 
  well not with your classmates apparently . 
  it 's not the answer , as you can see with your own eyes right now . 
  education is n't magic , it 's not the solution to every problem . 
  there was a good book published earlier this year * democracy for realists * ( http://press.princeton.edu/titles/10671.html ) , smart people actually turned out to be just as misinformed as anybody else , because they reinforce their opinions like everybody else . 
   but fining facebook for what people post on it would enter police state , thought police territory . 
  thought police means policing your thoughts as the name indicates , which if i 'm correct are in your head . 
  your facebook page is actually a public space to share information with hundreds or thousands of people , more if you 're very popular . 
  yes , you are in your living room , but it 's just the same as standing on the market place . 
  just because you are sitting at your computer does n't mean you 're not publishing something to the public , at which point you actually become a sort of local journalist . 
  there ca n't be a rational debate with tons of propaganda around because most people are too retarded to disseminate information in adequate fashion . 
  the hippie reddit free speech bullshit is just nonsense , we 've ended up in a complete clown car because of it . 
  pick up popper 's the open society and its enemies . 
  ca n't even drop the bullshit on christmas , deplorable charming post history on op 's account as well  `` according to the statistics , women who are in relationship with blacks are n't worth keeping anyway . '', 
  i 'm tired of it . 
   my issue is i doubt well i do n't , want to roll a dice now ? 
  we do n't operate on hypotheticals . 
   mean that precautions against terrorism should n't be taken . 
  it does n't . 
  and even if it was true , a greatly expanded economy even without average income gains is still a pretty big win , because that 'd increase the public budget and infrastructure quite tremendously, 
  a quote displaying resilience in the face of adversity ( a very core part of the christian message ) after a terror attack on a christmas market is exactly the right message that needs to be send here . 
  and it 's what you 're going to hear in every church in the country if you 'll bother to show up . 
  there can be no true victory for them , they 're idiots who drive trucks into christmas markets . 
  who are they going to win against , 80 million germans ? 
  he is absolutely right , these people win by taking control over our decisions , the killing is just a means . 
  that 's not blame it 's a fucking reddit comment . 
  you 'll never show a sign of civil courage again because some random online user might rustle your jimmies ? 
  welll if his face is not on any camera there 's nothing you can really do . 
  it 's unlikely that somebody could identify him right during the event given all the commotion . 
  it 's also very problematic , see bill clinton riding on the dotcom boom , obama inhering the bush wars and so on . 
  putin took over a collapsed russia , most indicators literally could only go up . 
  i 'd be more interested to hear what reasons there actually are to attribute successes to putin , after all crime has fallen in pretty much all second world countries over the same time , and prosperity in many has increased at a much more rapid pace with a much more modernised and diversified economy . 
  increase of russian prosperity over putin 's first two mandates [ is literally tied to the oil price ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qflehdw.gif ), 
  there 's americans outside of the internet , and having lived in the us for a while 4chan is luckily not representative of the us population at large . 
  i think that 's misleading , only half of users is american but the second largest demographic , namely india only makes up 11 % of the userbase , uk 5 % and so forth . 
  the rest of the userbase is split over 100 countries or something , so obviously americans will stand out . 
  http://www.snoosecret.com/uploads/5/1/5/2/5152628/7073189_orig.jpg?387 also americans are very likely the largest group of non-europeans here and the internet right-wing corners like 4chan are pretty much american inventions . 
  i do n't believe that americans overall are bigger assholes . 
  terrorist attacks have been occurring for decades , most of them in countries that are n't run by merkel . 
  stop the shitty floodgate rhetoric . 
  the largest userbase on reddit is americans , so naturally most of the alt-right trolls brigarding other subreddits will be americans . 
  the general takeaway is that people maybe should reserve judgement until actual facts are in . 
  they do n't put the ` allegedly ' there for cosmetic reasons this happens every fucking time . 
  `` person x is accused of having committed crime y '' everybody else : `` i knew it '' * rabble rabble rabble *, 
  because denmark still is a state of law , if someone is under a travel ban and they break the law that 's how it is , you can not give them a pass because they 're fighting for a good cause . 
  imagine someone goes fighting * for * isis and just comes back using her story as an excuse , how are we supposed to keep fighters apart if they do n't enlist at all ? 
  and this person could have by joining the danish army , which is part of the anti-isis coalition led by the us . 
  this is the right way . 
  joining a foreign militia is not . 
  she is the first fighter to be subject to new passport laws , that 's why there is a difference in punishment . 
  i have no idea what to make of your post but two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  fighting for a foreign army is illegal in pretty much any jurisdiction on the planet , because it conjures up a bazillion issues , foremost that of responsibility . 
  if this fighter commits war crimes , who 's accountable for it ? 
  who trains this person ? 
  what if she is captured ? 
  which group is she actually fighting for at any given time etc. . 
  if she wants to fight isis she should have joined the danish army , not smuggled herself into a warzone . 
  no , not in any western democracy . 
  terrorism wants to provoke brash response , that 's why it has ` terror ' in it . 
  there is no political action that can be taken against individual lunatics who use a regular truck as a weapon . 
   but it is n't really feasible to define the `` racism '' you want to ban yes , it is . 
  it is defined in german law and it has a long legal tradition . 
  for what it 's worth none of the things you just said would be offences under german law , although they 're stupid things to say anyway . 
  so if you find yourself straddling the line between hate speech and ignorance so frequently , maybe it is n't the law that is the problem . 
  and he 's also riding on a wave of renewed chinese nationalism that had at least for a while been tuned down . 
  in a country like china getting that genie back into the bottle is a rather difficult task . 
  also true for modi in india who is likewise praised as a dynamic western friendly bureaucrat and reformer but is nothing of the sort . 
  good . 
  that facebook exists in a legal vacuum where laws do n't apply is n't a situation that could go on indefinitely . 
  the claim that reviewing posts is too difficult was spurious to begin with , after all pretty much any naked breast seems to be banned within seconds . 
  i 'm talking liberal in the us sense , as in centre-left . 
  of course classical liberal is a different story although they should be ditched if they even think about cooperating with a guy like wilders . 
  even better reason to get their stuff together and govern . 
  it seems like quite a lot of left parties have forgotten that this the purpose of running for government . 
  these petty squabbles are not helpful . 
  the difference between any left or liberal group compared to the right is minuscule . 
  why do n't consolidate some of the left parties in a single one , this splintering on the left is a really horrible idea . 
  it 's not just literally putin , but the campaign of flinging random shit at established politicians while living up to no standards or just outright inventing stuff has dominated news in the recent years . 
  about half of american voters get their news off social media . 
  oh and clinton lost due to 114k swing state votes , that 's 0.09 % of the voting population . 
  trump won michigan and pennsylvania combined with about 60k votes to spare . 
  how exactly did you end up with these numbers ? 
   i mean , yeah , he did it . 
  he made fake news to influence our elections . 
  right-wing domestic political groups made up fake news too .
