  that 's what we want . 
  and even better , because we pay them in euros , the chinese at some point are going to spend these euros again . 
  but we 've spared ourselves the trouble at subsidizing inefficient industries during the process . 
  which is n't a problem because the sector is minimal anyway , think of it as accelerating our productivity growth . 
  this is trump level `` bring back coal '' argumentation . 
  if china wants to subsidize dirty , shitty industries and sell us the products , that 's good for us, 
  which is irrelevant , you do n't want money , you want steel . 
  green little paper is n't worth anything . 
  an export surplus is a net outflow of capital . 
  you 're arguing for 16th century mercantilism . 
  the european consumer profits from cheap goods , not exports . 
  if you care about a high quality of life you want as many goods as possible for as little goods as possible in exchange . 
  this is the same shitty logic that germany is rightfully criticized for by the eu . 
  there 's actually no reason not to trade anyway . 
  if they want to subsidize inefficient business and sell the products to us , great free trading with a protectionist country harms the protectionist country . 
  for us it makes no difference whether we buy state produced inefficient chinese steel or very efficiently produced private chinese steel . 
  poverty is defined as earning less than 60 % of the median income . 
  as such poverty does not tell you something about the absolute or real standard of living of the poor , but the stretch of the income ladder . 
  this is not a useful metric to evaluate policy , because equality is not that meaningful of an indicator . 
  it does n't actually make you poorer , you still earn money even if you work for a relatively low wage . 
  and work itself is very important . 
  there actually exists plenty of research on it . 
  it gives purpose and direction in life . 
  even if the work is not paid at all . 
  long term unemployed have significantly worse health outcomes than employed and even measurable reduction in life span , are at an increased risk of depression , and so forth . 
  it ought to be fairly intuitive , sitting on your couch all day feeling obsolete is n't exactly a good idea . 
  the position about the attitude shift during the reagan administration is correct . 
  american legislation moved heavily towards judging anti-competitive behaviour based on pricing . 
  simply put : if a company does not rise consumer prices , they by definition of modern anti-trust law can not be that powerful . 
  this severely underestimates the dynamic of infrastructure capture , amazon falls into the same niche . 
  here 's a long but very good and detailled read on the issue . 
   her party is still against it . 
  not unambigiously and not at the base . 
  the csu , sure but the cdu has been torn over it internally for a long time , especially since the urban and younger voter bases have grown . 
  given that the cdu successfully modernised itself and now attracts a large variety of voters , this triangulation between the conservative base and more diverse groups will go on for i guess at least a generation . 
  you need to stop moralizing economic issues , it 's vulgar reasoning it does n't matter whether someone worked hard to build a monopoly or not , the purpose of anti-competitive legislation is simply to prevent them from exercising overwhelming power to the detriment of the other market participants, 
  how is it not better ? 
  long term unemployment is the worst thing that can happen to you . 
  long term unemployed have , statistically , very little chance to re-enter the job market . 
  if you do n't have a great education you need to get back into the labour market somehow and high barriers of entry do not make it easier . 
  that 's a weird info text and low follower count , is that really an official channel ? 
  which makes them the single biggest party and reflects their popularity . 
  what do you expect , 100 % for the dear leader ? 
  given how densely populated and how connected our lives are this is not really a workable attitude any more . 
  self-segregation and the resulting extremism * will * inevitably lead to conflict and a clash of cultures . 
  we are not farmers any more who live 50 miles apart and can go about our lives how we want , which is where this idea of negative freedom comes from . 
  we need to give our tribal brains a kick in the butt and force people to integrate into society . 
  you do n't have this problem with catholics , you have it with evangelicals , radical islamists , or even political cults like sovereign citizen movements . 
  all of which have in common that they are tightly knit communities who are allowed to shut themselves out of public life . 
  this is all embodied in the current government so i 'm not sure i follow the question, 
  conspiracy theories , fear of difference/disagreement/pluralism , overtly religious , nationalism , historicism , anti-intellectual/elitist , collectivist , economic interventionist all of which , at least from the outside seems to be the bread and butter of polish politics, 
   what i 'm saying is that religious institutions still have a fair bit of inclusion in official life in some places in europe , whether or not the people themselves are religious . 
  and if that is the case , you are not living in the atheist utopia that redditors like to portray . 
  it 's precisely the fact that they are included in public life that secularises the religion organisations themselves . 
  you wo n't find gay conversion centres or rabid cake sellers in germany no matter how religious they are , because they 've never had the chance to join some religious off-shoot that exists outside of society . 
  the nominal secularism of france or the united states has produced private , segregated religious enclaves . 
  the best way to combat religious influence is actually not to shut them out ( this opens up room for dissent and pariah status ) but to kind of embrace them and load worldly responsibility on them . 
   even though the uk has a state religion with the queen as it 's head , and religion is taught in public schools , and germany has christian political parties , collects taxes for churches and bavarian schools have crucifixes , these countries are atheist heaven that 's exactly what i 'm saying , not despite of this but because of it they are effectively secular countries . 
  the company is a lovecraftian corporate horror , at this point i 'm sure they 're 90 % lawyers . 
  i seriously had to laugh when i saw them applauding the decision, 
  we 're simply not communitarian and have integrated both large churches into state and society , so they ca n't be ` man in the woods ' crazy and radical . 
  it is ` german ' in so far as it has a tradition going back to prussia but it could be done anywhere . 
  should probably change that attitude at some point though , `` it ca n't hurt me when i ca n't see it '' is not a good mindset for the information age it 's like america 's gun obsession , as long as they have them you can shove everything down their throats, 
  okay i 'm convinced , where do i sign up for the revolution, 
   instead of breaking both international laws and russia 's own constitution crimea 's annexation was ideological in nature . 
  it was n't about some strategic or tactical goal , but precisely * about breaking international law * . 
  it is part of russia 's long term project of questioning american hegemony and establishing a multi-polar world . 
  i honestly find the idea ridiculous that a country can operate the gchq and at the same time decry id cards, 
  does n't seem to be an issue when praising churchill , who had opinions on the colonies that make stalin sound like a humanitarian in both cases it 's nationalism and mystification largely fueled by their role in ww 2, 
  know you could n't . 
  that sounds like some apartheid shit . 
  nobody needs moral zealots being enraged on behalf of other people , it 's just annoying . 
  yeah i find it both weird and unappealing . 
  cities change , they are living things . 
  keeping old stuff around just for the sake of it feels like you 're walking through some kind of tomb . 
   but we 're not talking about something like ibm 's watson what you 're saying is correct , but that 's a bad example . 
  watson is actually extremely unimpressive and largely a marketing effort on ibm 's part . 
  i had to work with the watson api a while ago and was extremply disappointed . 
  expect google/facebook/microsoft and baidu to lead the field . 
  they 've kept a very youthful spirit at the company . 
  the 75th round of vc funding will commence shortly, 
  of course you take a light-hearted joke as a cue to ramble on against immigrants , sorry not interested, 
  getting rid of communism was a mistake, 
  [ please someone tell me integration is n't working ] ( http://varlamov.me/2017/uraza_bayram/13.jpg ) nice photos, 
  yes . 
  everything else , most importantly tax issues have been equalised a few years ago . 
  i fall into this group and no , we are not second class citizens . 
  and you can piss right off with the idiotic nazi comparison . 
  you ca n't be fucking serious , i 've not read anything this moronic here in a month , and that 's an achievement we do n't need twenty-something college kids with some faux moral outrage complex calling the whole country fascist on our behalf . 
  there have been very few countries i 've been to where homosexuality is such of a non-factor in life as it is here in germany . 
  for which i am glad . 
  that 's a good question , i do n't know . 
  there 's a paper somewhere that accompanied that map , i 'll try to look it up, 
  here 's an interesting historic example . 
  nsdap votes by region and catholic / protestant majorities https://i.imgur.com/jk67iaa.jpg, 
  the spd is in a coalition and the csu made this a condition . 
  you ca n't walk back on coalition agreements just because you feel like it . 
  this would break the government . 
  that 's what you have a coalition for in the first place . 
  you agree on policies , then you govern with a majority .
