  great argument . 
  i hope he and the fascist scum end up in a prison . 
  in the article navalny defends a guy who literally calls himself the leader of the slavic union , which abbreviates itself as `` ss ''  just two days before the march , on november 2 , police in moscow briefly detained dmitry dyomushkin , the former head of the banned ultranationalist slavic union ( which goes by the acronym ss in russian ) and leader of the march . 
  the detention was widely seen as an implicit warning to dyomushkin , who is the subject of an ongoing criminal investigation for inciting ethnic hatred and organizing mass unrest . 
   writing on his blog , navalny decried the criminal case against of dyomushkin , calling it `` fabricated . '', 
  have you unlearned how to read ? 
   it 's been 10 years ago , i must admit that there were plenty of retarded comments in his blog back then , but he obviously matured ever since and it 's normal for humans to do some retarded shit in the past you 're aware that he as recently as 2011 ran the campaign `` stop feeding the caucasus '' together with white nationalists ? 
  [ radio free europe ] ( http://www.rferl.org/a/aleksie_navalny_russia_nationalism_opposition/24380766.html ) or are they and hitchens also putin shills now ? 
  that 's literally being said in the video in the article i just posted and that you are responding to . 
  no , but referring to people , no matter what kind of people , as cockroaches reveals what his character is . 
  we do n't ` liquidate ' anybody , and we do n't treat anybody like insects . 
  that 's not how a state of law works . 
  that 's martial language of the kind you find on the political extremes . 
  but i guess giving your opinion on the holocaust  afaik fascists did not have concentration camps for gays . 
  and why the downvotes ? 
  better show me the evidence that there were concentration camps targeted for gays build by fascists . 
  you do n't take these things so seriously . 
  well let me quote hitchens  [ . . ] , in which he used the word ` cockroaches ' to refer to terrorists from the caucasus , is a joke . 
  ( some joke . 
  while actual cockroaches can be killed with a slipper , he says in the 2007 recording , ` for humans i recommend a pistol ' . [ . . ], 
  very few seem to know of mr navalny 's past associations with russian nationalism , a political position which makes ukip ( which the ` guardian ' regards as appalling , and ` the times ' never ceases to condemn and harry ) look like the vanguard of political correctness . 
  the guy is n't a liberal but some wannabe proto-fascist who makes putin look like a moderate . 
  routinely running around calling all non-white russians cockroaches and calling for the deportation of georgians ? 
  take it from [ peter hitchens ] ( http://hitchensblog.mailonsunday.co.uk/2014/12/notes-on-mr-navalny.html ), 
  absolutely do n't get the boner people have for navalny , the guy holds absolutely disgusting political views . 
  he 's much worse than putin, 
  are you trying to fill a football league with them ? 
  the fucks going on in italy, 
  well not really , at least not to a point . 
  you ca n't really a bullish populist campaign fueled by memes about your healthcare being stolen and then tell me seriously that this is all about classical liberal values . 
  i 'm willing to admit that brexit reasons are more ambigious than say trump , wilders or le pen and that it is in generally more civil , but there clearly is a collective '' * we * want xyz '' in there . 
  and the whole `` you are collectivist , we are liberal '' thing is also pretty much a silly 19th century stereotype . 
  german ordo-liberalism embodied in current politics is pretty similar to whatever you have in mind . 
  there was n't even any push for collectivism or anything `` anti-british '' within the eu . 
  yeah i have n't grown up in any uppity homogeneous or rich neighborhood , so i 'm well aware of the actual problems of integration . 
  that does n't really justify voting for a demagogue or loudmouth . 
  in fact that would be entirely untypical . 
  if you take a look at the last few elections you will see that support for extremists is strongest in regions that do n't even experience migration * at all * . 
  and yes , voting on hyperbolic and hypothetical demographic developments three generations down the line is obviously phobic . 
  you 're telling voting on the social conditions in 2080 ( which we can not even know ) is rational ? 
  if that is your concern and definition of sovereignty relating it to the eu does n't really make much sense , because you can be as property-sovereign and free-enterprise oriented as you like within the eu . 
  the brexit campaign used messages like `` taking control back '' which is collectivist in a national sense , taking control of borders , narrow cultural values and so on . 
  none of these issues were libertarian / classically liberal . 
  i do n't really understand the back and forth arguments in this thread . 
  of course this is related to brexit because it pushed the pound down , which makes foreign acquisitions cheaper . 
  this is trivial . 
  the more interesting question is how that relates to the brexit promise of `` sovereignty '' , because foreign buyouts are n't exactly sovereign by any definition of the word . 
  coupled with the tax haven and business friendly promises made by the conservative government this is probably going to send international players on a large shopping tour in the uk . 
  wait this does n't check out ... 
  if military dolphin = = shark then gay shark = = gay military dolphin but then we would have gay military dolphin = = dolphin and we 've clearly run into an error here !, 
  you have to check your gay dolphin algebra, 
  that can be within your interest if you do n't define your interest narrowly . 
  if you 're a rich guy you better pay your taxes before the mob chops your head off , there 's your rational self-interest . 
  it does on the other hand not make sense to vote your own marriage rights away , your citizens marriage rights for what ? 
  the spooky arab neighbour ? 
  that 's a phobic reaction . 
  that 's like burning your house down because you 're afraid that the bed bugs will bite you . 
  yes i would indeed be happy if people were more self-interested in a rational way . 
  that would solve a lot of problems . 
  well if you 've reached the point of voting against your own interest i honestly do n't know what to say . 
  there 's no moral reason for straight people to deny gay people the right to marry , so that 's bad enough , but if you 're gay yourself ... the fuck and while we 're on the topic of personal issues . 
  a few years ago when some old guy literally shot himself to death in the notre dame as a protest against gay marriage , le pen openly applauded him on social media . 
  ( http://imgur.com/a/gnd41 ) how disgusting is this ? 
  i do n't pretend to know all the discrimination that gay people face , but to vote for this ? 
  come on, 
  yeah that 's why you do n't draft laws based on experiences . 
  a run in with a scummy neighbour can never be motivation to vote your fundamental rights away . 
  what kind of shitty trade is that , giving up your right to marry and adopt children because you 've run into a mean arab person ? 
  do you know how many people hate their idiotic neighbours ? 
  our society would be a clowncar if that 's the basis for policymaking . 
  no matter what kind of practical problems of integration you face in your local community , that is never justification to tinker with rights on the federal level . 
  hell that 's exactly what local politics is for , why do we have thousands of local politicians and majors if not to fix that stuff, 
  `` hey we feel like our rights are under attack so let 's vote for the party of catholic revanchism , the only one on the political spectrum that can marginalise us politically '' solid reasoning there gay french le pen voters . 
  ca n't believe that she 's actually performing well in that demographic . 
  this is not a special case any more . 
  kretschmann , \u00d6zdemir , palmer and so on are having a lot of momentum within the party . 
  this only makes sense because green voters in germany are the perfect modern conservative electorate . 
  they 're wealthy and educated , they 're starting to grow older , the environmental politics always have made them sceptical of technological and economical change , they like localised solutions and so on . . 
  there 's a huge overlap with conservative german politics , much more than with traditional left-wing ideas . 
  maybe come up with a social democratic perspective that actually modernises ideology itself rather than trying to go back to the good old times . 
  social democracy / labour is in a crisis precisely because the policies from the 60 's and 70 's in fact will not work . 
  ca n't just cry about neoliberalism all day , you need something to actually replace it with . 
  no , not because the ec exists because it is n't true in germany or france either , where the rural population does not hold as much political power . 
  that the urban population abuses the poor peasants might have been true 200 years ago , but it is n't any more . 
  i 'm actually agreeing with you , democracy should not just be a matter of numbers , but that actually means that you better delegate power to people who can make decisions * in the general public interest * both rural and urban . 
  this does not happen through political self-determination . 
  egalitarian politics does not produce the best outcomes . 
  this is the real tragedy in systems like the us . 
  the democrats have n't actually done anything that was egregiously wrong . 
  they 've just been decimated by a system that rewards the most inept politicians . 
  this would only be true under the conditions that 1 . cities siphon resources out of the countryside , 2 . cities vote against the interest of the rural population , 3 . rural representatives do a good job at representing their constituents . 
  all of them are usually wrong , and very wrong in the us . 
  cities do not profit from abusing rural areas , in fact cities are financing rural areas through federal transfers and the voters in cities keep voting for it . 
  also the urban economies are hooked into the global economy , they 're not stealing grain or whatever from the local farmers . 
  it sounds mean but the political self-determination of the country-side is hurting them , because they keep voting for idiotic things . 
  very practical example i read about yesterday , republicans are going to cut federal development funds for the appalachian region , clinton wanted to expand it and start a green energy investment program . 
  they vote based on guns , abortion and jesus in the classroom . 
  yeah it 's a sad statement but the rural population is that far off that they ca n't vote in their own interest . 
  they actively screw themselves over . 
  also decentralization and rural politicians usually are hopefully under-qualified and corrupt on top of all the other problems .
