  there are full blown `` invade xy '' among the military * siloviki * in russia , and his nominally liberal opposition like navalny is heavily nationalist and to a considerable degree racist . 
  if we 're going to trying to weaken putin we also have to ask who is in the backrow and going to replace him . 
  if we get a much crazier person we 've made a mistake . 
  that 's such a hyperbole . 
  we 've had the soviet union on our borders for half a century and see where we 've ended up . 
  the world is n't suddenly going to end because we recognise the political reality of a politically re-established russia . 
  which is a fact . 
  the fukuyama-esque `` end of history '' after the 90s did n't last , that does n't mean that a free and democratic europe will stop existing . 
  but countries like russia or china pressing interests in the future is n't avoidable . 
  arguably russia is n't even going to be the largest or most worrisome player . 
  lng wo n't replace a substantial amount of russian supplies , the volume is too low and the price is too high . 
  and we are n't pro russian , but we 're capable of understanding our own limits . 
  you do n't antagonise someone if you can not back it up , and we ca n't . 
  we wo n't go to war over crimea , russia 's never going to give it back , so that 's done . 
  threatening without following through just makes us look weak . 
  we 're better off trying to get russia back to the european table before they run off to the brics , india and china . 
   if we starved their main export industries ( oil , gas ) their economy would swiftly collapse.meaning that russia would be unable to fund their military expansionism . 
  yes ... and we 'd be starving ourselves , because as i just said they supply half of our energy . 
  that 's not how any of this works, 
   united we are the far the stronger party in this conflict , both in terms of military and economic might . 
  what does that concretely mean ? 
  where are we going to act militarily , how is our economic size going to give us an advantage ? 
  you 're not in a better position just because you 're running a bigger economy or military . 
  ask the us how that turned out in vietnam . 
  the truth is that there really is nothing to back up our threats here . 
  russia is integral to the european energy market , nobody is going to war over ukraine and russia 's orientation towards asia ca n't really be stopped . 
  i do n't think that is happening , and barking without having any power to back it up is just kind of weakening our own position . 
  as the saying goes `` speak softly and carry a big stick '' . 
  speaking loudly without a stick is n't really doing us any favours . 
  in an increasingly multipolar world with china , india and africa rapidly growing , and russia itself still being a very large and relatively autonomous country i honestly question how effective sanctions are . 
  since the whole thing started i have yet to figure out what the actual material benefit for anybody involved in this is supposed to be plebiscites are just terrible, 
  i 'm not sure what theoretical level you 're operating on but any marxist worth taking seriously has ditched this eschatological determinism like twenty years ago this endtimes talk is the same thing frustrated christians tell themselves when they see sinners running around everywhere, 
   there are many forms of capitalism . 
  i never said the breakdown of the neoliberal regime of accumulation will lead to a socialist paradise . 
  i said bad things are coming unless the political class makes the necessary concessions to a working class which has been been steadily stripped bare for the last 40 odd years . 
  the working class does not exist any more , we 're not living in a world where everybody is an exploited factory worker . 
  they do rosa luxemburg rallies on my street twice a year , about twenty people show up and i presume primarily because the food is free not even the poor care about these anti-capitalist rants any more, 
  i 've grown up in a lower middle-class family , non academics , got a degree in cs have been working for years and been doing very well . 
  education is free , lots of fields are in demand , go for it . 
  there was n't a time in history where information , education was more accessible than it is today . 
  you can make an excellent living being a welder for gods sake , there 's thousands of jobs going unfilled in well paying industries . 
  what 's the excuse ? 
  i do n't see it . 
   what nonsense are you talking about ? 
  history on this continent . 
  capitalism is n't going to end just because we elected two or three bad guys . 
  if you 'd be alive longer you 'd know that not every crisis signals the doomsday . 
   or , i wonder what would happen if we all trained to be coders for start-ups . 
  the economy is n't a zero sum game . 
  people who create things create additional value . 
  i 'm talking about the yugoslav wars . 
  and the irish wars . 
  and the basque wars etc. . bla bla the system is n't magically going to end . 
  and no you do n't need to be super-rich to see your life improve , just learn something that 's actually in demand . 
  and did i presume wrong ? 
  20 year old kid , white , male , middle class ? 
  hobby is kicking trash cans over a uni campus ? 
  if you think this is the first time populism has happened you 're probably younger than twenty , which seems to be just about every edgelord commie on this website the 90s after the fall of the soviet union produced the same kind of attitude , in case you might have forgotten there was a war on this continent . 
  sweet jesus i hate the children on this website, 
  lol , you 'll grow out of it . 
  give it some time we 've all been there . 
  yeah sorry there marx the revolution is n't happening , you can cry all day but that 's the system this society works on, 
  personal responsibility is a right wing phrase ? 
  the model we 're operating on is called a social market economy in germany . 
  the social part means we help , the market economy part means you 're supposed to pull your weight . 
  being responsible for the career choice you make is n't a right-wing idea . 
  by actually running a functioning economy without having half of our youth unemployed ? 
  sure thing buddy reddit is so full of fucking neets , unbelievable, 
  yeah and they do n't receive more than anybody else . 
  in fact if you 're a born citizen you already receive countless of benefits , including a practically free education up to the university level . 
  you 've got all the chances in this society . 
  i honestly ca n't stand the whiny generation of wankers we 've produced that apparently has nothing better to do than to cry about people even worse off than they are . 
  if your live sucks and you barely make a living get a better job , stop chewing everybody 's ear off about bangladeshi refugees, 
  i did n't qualify every person who requires welfare as privileged . 
  but the people who just ca n't stop whining about refugees certainly are part of a disappointed middle-class . 
  they 're usually not poor . 
  i 'm very much in favour of supporting the poor , of which refugees and other risk takers are a subset , rather than doing politics for a well fed middle-class that somehow thinks is entitled to their status as if it is some kind of law of nature . 
  yes and i do n't care . 
  we 're a merit based society , i 'd rather finance a refugee than some middle class person who pursued eight years of art school and now has figured out that they ca n't pay their bills what 's this nanny nonsense , i thought we were over this . 
  you 're a citizen in this country if you contribute . 
  that 's the social contract we 're operating on . 
  feeling entitled just because you 're by chance born within the borders of this country is just stupid . 
  agreed , that should not be controversial either . 
  it is n't , the two have nothing to do with each other which was my point . 
  she 's poor because she 's a musician , who like all creative artists will always face the very real possibility of not having a steady income . 
  and she would still be poor and do n't have a steady income if there were no people on our shores . 
  if financial security is of utmost importance to you becoming an artist is probably not a good idea , regardless of whether there are refugees or not , and we ca n't finance all the free spirited artists in our country regardless of them . 
  refugee costs barely constitute a fraction of our budget . 
  you still have to provide for your own pension in our society . 
  if you have barely any taxable income your pension will be largely non-existent . 
  * everybody * is eligible for unemployment benefits that guarantee a baseline of economic safety . 
  refugees are not treated better than anybody else . 
  refugees are ` just handed money ' because refugees are not legally allowed to work until approved , which is probably a law that ought to be talked about . 
  i agree , but this process already started decades ago . 
  we 're not living in the neat little protected post-war bubble any more . 
  everywhere around the world people participate in the economy and compete and demographics are changing . 
  if you want a safe income you 're going to have to make the right decisions , the state can not accommodate everybody . 
  sure it can help , see that everybody has healthcare access and does n't go hungry , but if you decide to become a professional musician without any savings you 're putting a substantial risk on yourself . 
  now germany still has the benefit of not having prematurely de-industrialised . 
  in contrast to service dominated economies there 's still a broad supply of well paying jobs .
