  well first off , i did n't mean to imply that we profit from it in terms of economic gain , we profit from it because taking threats out is reasonable , we just do n't want to have blood on our hands . 
  secondly , our bloody history is very much not grounded in some kind of cynical , cold calculus , but in a romantic and mythical elevation of the german nation . 
  so even if we were in it just for the money , that would be way less scary than some kind of grand historical german race fantasy . 
  no , we do it because we profit from it . 
  the us has intelligence and hybrid-warfare capabilities that we do n't . 
  so we let them do things that we ca n't do because our population would frown upon germany directly acting in any war . 
  so we do a kind of division-of-labour where we send all the nice reconnaissance planes and medical helicopters and the us does the dirty drone war . 
  it 's just good pr for us to leave the dirty operations to the americans . 
  it 's the same thing with intelligence on domestic threats , we use the british intel but at the same time deride them for privacy violations . 
  there 's nothing historical about it , it 's just political opportunism . 
  again , the us is n't here for historical reasons or to protect us from going rogue or whatever . 
  they 're here because we are a central strategical position for them to transport troops , do recon , they have hospitals here and whatnot . 
  there is no need for deep historical analysis here . 
  as i said , the us has troops in dozens of countries , many of which have no specific historic relation to the us . 
  because the us is our most powerful ally and has military stationed in a few dozen countries . 
  what has that to do with history , that 's part of the nato alliance , going as far as australia are you into conspiracy theories or what are you implying here ? 
  that 's not really the point . . foucault 's argument is n't that discrimination did n't exist in the past , but that the modern state with its effective bureaucracy has a reach into the private life of the citizens that is much more absolute and total than any norm in pre-modern society could have ever been . 
  the village priest condemning you does n't mean that you need to adjust your behaviour . 
  he was actually not much of a de-facto authority at all . 
  it 's not only that the rules against extramarital sex exist , nowadays you are always under absolute scrutiny . 
  not only from the state , but also your friends , mass social media , technology and so on . 
   the anti-german thing is no old european antagonism that he 's presenting . 
  he wants germany to join him in his reform of the eu . 
  he 's actually notably ` anti-german ' on cultural issues to . 
  he 's literally talked about how we 're a bunch of `` grumpy teutons '' , that this is no country to have fun living in , and so on , all the old stereotypes how we 're all authoritarian , obedient , called the reunification an annexation etc. . 
  in one of his ` faqs ' i 've seen he does the same thing with north americans , calling them ' a cruel and brutal people ' , he literally sounds like a kind of latin american revolutionary that has eaten up nothing but soviet propaganda with a french superiority complex thrown in . 
  he sounds like he 's gone through a gdr education and never recovered from it honestly . 
  so he is willing to give up the collective defense but dislikes putin personally ? 
  the latter does n't matter . 
  it 's the nato and eu commitment that is relevant to all other eu members . 
  his ` france first ' isolationist policy is what empowers putin , his personal beliefs about domestic russian politics are irrelevant . 
  well you have to see it in context . 
  of course one can make the case that all kind of phobias and anti-isms existed already , but foucault differentiates between `` let live and make die '' ( the classical medieval society where a ruler is despotic , but has not much power besides chopping a few heads off ) with modernity `` make live and let die '' ( where secular society tries to obtain power over every individual 's body ) . 
  much of foucault is a criticism of modernity . 
  he 's saying that we 're basically pseudo-liberal and that we 've hospitalised sexuality , turned it into a science based health exercise and so on . 
  and that the oppressive pre modern society at least left space for subversive lifestyles . 
  that he is not always historical accurate is a common criticism , but i think the idea has merit . 
  most contemporary views on sexuality are relatively new . 
  up until the 18 century '' [ one-sex '' theories ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/one-sex_and_two-sex_theories ) were widespread and people believed that women are essentially men turned inside-out . 
  this kind of clinical widespread homophobia is really new , too . 
  during classical periods in the middle-east and europe many forms of sexuality were widespread and accepted , if you 're interested in that stuff pick up foucault 's the history of sexuality . 
  sure , but that 's an economic protectionist measure to prop up their it scene , not a civil liberty issue . 
  russia has n't had to play as much cache up in that regard so there 's simply no huge need for it . 
  people always act like the great firewall exists to deny that tianmen ever happened or something , but honestly people in china do n't really care . 
  i do n't hate americans or something . 
  i 'm bitter because the us behaves terribly on the world stage at the moment . 
  i would be just as mad at germany if the situation here would be comparable , i do n't harbour many patriotic feelings . 
  of course germany has self-interests just like anybody else . 
  i 've never defended germany in irrational manner , but at the moment it 's behaving relatively stable and reasonable politically . 
  i 'm simply annoyed if someone brings historical kitsch into these discussions , it 's not relevant . 
  you ca n't just look at what 's happened until now in a superficial way and conclude that this surge of these movements is over . 
  that 's like looking at the world economy in 2007 and thinking `` hey , do n't be alarmist , destroying 5 trillion of the world 's wealth in a day ? 
  that 's never happened before ! '', 
  the problem with catastrophic events is that * you ca n't predict them by looking at the past * . 
  a self declared socialist from vermont almost topples clinton . 
  trump beats clinton . 
  classical conservatism in the form of say bush or cruz is essentially dead ( one of the bigger factors of stability in a democratic society ) . 
  like , if you look at the institutions you have to be a little concerned here , if you take one thing from history then that we 're notoriously bad at recognizing powder-keg situations before they happen . 
   no serious , honest person and say that there 's been a meaningful shift in american policy towards europe , because there has n't been that 's not a good way to look at risk . 
  i 'll leave you with a caricature out of nassim taleb 's [ silent risk ] ( http://imgur.com/a/oudyh ), 
  sure there 's always the option that trump , like on syria or nk is reigned in by the realities and will turn into a normal politician , but we ca n't really sit around and pray every time some demagogue gets elected that the machine will just turn them into something palatable . 
  this is going to not work at some point . 
  what is more important is looking at the direction the voters go , and they clearly heavily start to vote for nationalist candidates , on all sides of the political spectrum . 
  even bernie mirrored trump on issues like trade . 
  same in france where the fn seems to be scarily popular among the youth . 
  we need to strongly look at the present * because * things change so fast . 
  we ca n't rely on old mechanisms just holding everything together . 
  they 're pretty good sure . 
  i am surprised how effective the checks & balances in the us are but it ca n't resist the popular vote forever in a democracy . 
   chinese citizens have very few liberties compared even to russians . 
  meh , i 've worked in china for a while ( admittedly shenzhen , which is a kind of westernised ` special economic zone ' that enjoys more liberties than other regions , so take it with a grain of salt ) , but most people live freely . 
  the bureaucracy can be intimidating if you want to start a business or such although that 's getting better , but you 're not really being dragged into a car and vanish forever . 
  that 's the cultural revolution china , not the modern one . 
  the one party state wields a lot of power but they 're quite rational about it . 
  they 're not despotic , they 're just managing a  1 billion population in a still developing country , so you ca n't expect norwegian politics or whatever . 
  well it means very little honestly , what matters for us is the us position now , dwelling in history is n't going to get us any bonus points . 
  the us has taken a very sharp turn towards isolationist , very narrowly defined interests . 
  everybody knows that the us has been an important guarantor of eu security in the past but that does n't really help us now going forward , which is what matters . 
  hamon easily seems like the best candidate to me , simply because he combines the ecological and social ideas of the left without the anti-american / nationalist nuttery that comes out of the m\u00e9lenchon camp . 
  people should stop being so salty about the ps and just vote for the candidate they like best . 
  in contrast to everybody else , who obviously likes war and social regression ? 
  like do you honestly believe this ? 
  this kind of rhetoric is cultish in and of itself . 
  melenchon 's nato and eu positions , his hard income cap , his complete reversal of nuclear energy ( it 's like 70 % of the french energy mix ) , his love for fidel and chavez and so on are all extremist positions . 
  they go far beyond what any social democrat would do . 
  as i said , i 'm not a big fan of the gun mania and i think it 's more of a phallus than an effective means of rebellion , but the idea is very much one of resistance . 
  maybe crazy libertarians who occupy a school building are n't the best example , i can agree with that . 
  concerning the other post , yeah there 's people who screw themselves over because they want to mess with someone else , gay support for le pen in france is one such example , but some people really have internalised the ideology . 
  there are a lot of women , minorities and so on who believe that they rightfully are at the end of the food chain because that 's what people have kept telling them and maybe because they think it 's more convenient . 
  liberation and emancipation is quite hard , or less people would be living in servitude-like circumstances . 
  not at all . 
  i read some british study a few years ago that pointed to male gender and high education ( presumably intellect too ) as the two significant predictors of religious radicalism . 
  that was around the 9 / 11 era , where most terrorists seemed to be highly organised and educated . 
  just look at the hamburg cell etc. . ( probably different with today 's era of extremely young guys with failed biographies , but those seem to resemble school shooters more than ideological fanatics anyway ) lots of the eugenics advocacy came out of top tier anglo universities around the 20th century , there was lots of nazi sympathy in the german sciences , too . 
  education and intellect do n't automatically turn you into a moderate or non-political person . 
  in fact i guess there 's good reason to believe that educated people are more easily able to be radicalised . 
  historical examples show correlation between literacy rates and revolutions . 
  after all in the most extreme cases you ca n't politise people who ca n't read . 
  that was actually an issue communist revolutionaries in russia ran into when they tried to radicalise the ukrainian paesant population . 
  those people did n't even know who the fucking tsar was or why they should chop his head off,
