  google is popular for the same reason . 
  you do n't want to search twenty websites who all occupy 5 % of the search space . 
  the answer here is not some weird internet anarchism , the answer is a very old idea , that of a * public utility * . 
  if things turn into natural monopolies you regulate them , you see that the profits are fairly distributed , that innovation is shared with smaller actors in the markets , and so forth . 
  you do n't need internet activism , but politics . 
   i asked sunde whether we could still fight for decentralization and bring the power back to the people this here is the problem , libertarianism maybe helps the koch brothers , but definitely not ` the people ', 
   no , it is a 1 + thing , not one or the other . 
  sure , there 's at least a tension . 
  look at erdogan and his three child policy . 
  it 's tribalism . 
  he does n't care about society in a broad sense , he cares about his country 's legacy , his family 's fortune and so on , in other words ` his kind ' . 
  this is why these child policies are popular among religious extremists , nationalists and so forth . 
  why should merkel not make long term decisions ? 
  all she has is her political legacy . 
  she 's not in it for some personal gain or to enrich her family or some other petty reason . 
  look at trump and his family clan , does he look like a guy being concerned about society at large ? 
  he only cares about his personal legacy, 
   want is not the same as care . 
  that only means they care about their children , not about anybody else , which is not the same thing . 
  crazy religious nuts have a shitton of children , yet they do n't care at all about anybody else or are doing their best to be as destructive as possible i work in a field that develops renewable energy , i tend to vote for parties that are strong on issues like climate change , and i try to adjust my own consumption as i can . 
  i 'm not trying to brag or something , but many people with children do n't give a shit . 
  how do i not care ? 
   people without children have no future after their death , their line ends and thus , why should they care ? 
  i like other human beings and i 'd not want the planet to look like some dystopian nightmare after my death sounds straight-forward enough to me . 
  you know the greater good and so on , it 's a thing, 
  sure but i do n't like to do these '' . . yeah they did well * despite * him '' hypotheticals , that just sounds like retroactively justifying a wrong prediction i thought he 'd do incredibly poorly , he did well , so credit where credit is due i guess, 
  i 've discussed corbyn with a few people on here a few times and i 've always supported the idea that elections are won in the centre and that his base is passionate but too small . 
  welp i apologise , apparently there 's potential and energy with these kinds of candidates even if i think that his policies are partially nutty . 
  but i guess you need a candidate nowadays that has his finger on the public opinion . 
  gj labour , hopefully there will be a centre/left british government at some point soon, 
  just exposes the underlying confusion surrounding the brexit decision . 
  nobody 's got any idea how to do it because there 's still no common goal or reason behind it in the first place, 
   lib dem victory i 'm hoping for a political upset , not the second coming and of course the labour party as a whole is fairly pro-eu , and corbyn is at least paying it lip service . 
  i can hope , can i. 
  maybe it gets the uk another vote . 
  yes , i 'm really happy with the results so far . 
  i hope the yougov prediction turns out to be accurate . 
  if this ends with another election and a corbyn win and no brexit the world is right again . 
  plus ukip would be out for nothing , this is the plot twist i 'm looking for, 
  i am aware , but their methodology aside , if labour beats their prediction they 're well on their way towards a huge upset . 
  and at the moment it 's looking like it . 
  labour at the moment is slightly outperforming the exit poll and yougov if i 've read the map correctly , which would mean that the tories do indeed will end up with about 300-310 seats . 
  that is an absolutely giant win for corbyn need i remind you that this is an election that may called for and that is now losing her the majority, 
  if jezza has done it they should make him mod of r/madlads exit polls are shaky but the tories ( maybe ) blowing three years of government is hilarious, 
  salaries in german it have risen regularly over the last few years , usually about 2-5 % annually on average . 
  the general salary level is noticeable lower than say in the us but the growth has outpaced most other german industries , if your salary has not risen at all you 're not representative of the general pop . 
  given that i 've just shown you an estimation done buy several reputable institutions , including the mit , which states that this will lead to a reduction of emissions in china by about 20 % , can you actually say something substantial instead of repeating your platitudes ? 
  if you think that the accord is ineffective , show me which economist or scientist actually backs that claim . 
  because i have n't seen any expert making that statement . 
  you 're not addressing the point at all . 
  china is an industrializing economy . 
  we are post-industrial economies . 
  that means we can not be held to the same standard . 
  reducing emissions here is n't a problem for our industry , we already in the process of doing it anyway and green energy is a job creator . 
  we 're not losing anything here . 
  china 's contribution is significant . 
  as layed out [ here ] ( https://www.c2es.org/docuploads/chinas-contributions-paris-climate-agreement.pdf ) , the paris accord will significantly reduce chinese emissions , urges them to act as strict as they can , and includes other measures . 
  ( reforestation etc. . ) . 
  there will be no `` unlimited emission growth in china '' this is misinformation . 
  commies were pretty good at getting women into education and work , russia is the country with the highest rate of women in corporate leadership too . 
  putin is n't a communist , he 's a medieval tsar, 
  new communities do n't really appear any more because there 's no work and infrastructure , we do n't really live in the frontier age . 
  it 's not land that makes a region attractive but education , institutions , connectivity and so forth . 
  this would also strongly alleviate the problem of left-over midwestern communities who do n't participate in the global economy . 
  get people into the cities , have them ditch their giant suvs and you 're golden . 
  also solves the trump menace in the mid - to long term, 
  practically speaking it is sweet baby jesus . 
  okay , 59.2 % , if that makes you happier . 
  that still means that the us is wasting a shitton of energy, 
  germany 's and the dutch is still half as high https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions us 16.1 , germany 9.6 , netherlands 7.8 , it 's clearly visible on your map too , no european country rivals the us . 
  and population density is a political issue . 
  the us could promote urbanisation and stop subsidizing home ownership , enhance public transport and so forth, 
  climate change is a serious issue , but not crashing the world economy also is a serious issue . 
  the general problem of politics is that there is often more than one serious issue around , they sometimes even conflict that fully developed countries , who are the biggest benefactors and producers of emissions historically reduce emissions the most seems straight forward, 
  because china is still a developing country with less than 1/10th of the gdp/capita that we see in the us or here in europe . 
  china is driving much of the global demand , do you want to kill the global economy ? 
  the [ per capita emissions ] ( http://www.wri.org/sites/default/files/uploads/per_capita_emissions.png ) are naturally much lower , and notably , twice as high in the usa as they are in europe could we not repeat trump 's idiotic talking points ? 
  not recognized as a religion in most countries , considered a cult or actually banned ? 
  it 's literally just a scam business given the status of the orthodox church as a genuine religion they should not pull this stuff, 
   nah , they are the far ends of the same block . 
  the actual opposite is economic authoritarianism ; protectionism , state capitalism or planned economy . 
  protectionism yes , but interventionism typically not . 
  countries like sk , singapore , japan are usually considered neoliberal countries , the ideology has no principled position on the state . 
  if anything it aims to maximise synergy between the public and private sector it 's got little to do with classical liberalism actually which considers individual rights , property rights and so on to be ends , not means . 
  anarchism is a far-left ideology and has nothing to do with either ( american internet ancap stuff aside which only exists on youtube essentially ), 
   but then again germany has really shitty demographics meaning they do n't really have to care about youth unemployment that much because they do n't really have a ton of youth while in france that is an issue . 
  even better reason to get rid of unions , france has a two tier economy where entrenched union members block the disenfranchised youth . 
  french socialism was always snobbish as hell . 
  if you 're a union leader or long standing member you 've got it made , if you 're coming from a banlieue unions and the inability to start a business will forever prevent you from being upward socially mobile . 
  but that 's true for democracy , too . 
  it can decay into mob rule or the ` war of all against all ' . 
  it 's not error free . 
  the french revolution produced napoleon , the weak weimar democracy gave rise to german fascism , the russian revolution produced stalinism etc. . 
  the case can probably be made that anti-democratic institutions can have value in unstable situations and actually preserve democracy in the long run . 
  south korea was already mentioned but also lee kuan yew in singapore is an example , or tito in yugoslavia . 
  the spanish monarchy also arguably protected democracy and prevented a fascist coup . 
  there 's plenty of examples where this holds true . 
  we 've invested tons into east germany and the attitude is only marginally better, 
  you do n't need to be a military member to manage an organisation like the military , that 's two vastly different skill sets . 
  the minister after all is not tasked with any form of operational control .
