  meh the hillary campaign actually was build all around this . 
  [ here 's an interesting article ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/hillary-clinton-data-campaign-elan-kriegel-214215 ) . 
  they use tons of data to target individual voters by trying to figure out who they could sway most likely and where resources are best spent . 
  trump on the other hand pretty much did nothing besides his gunboat twitter campaigning and he still managed to pull off a win . 
  this kind of quantification of campaigning sounds fancy but it still does n't help you if you do n't understand the broader dynamics . 
  it 's also not like reactionary internet campaign actually run some elaborate targeting scheme , they just throw tons of shit and home that some of it sticks, 
  55 / 45 macron , low turnout . 
  i know a few people on the french far-left personally , i do n't think a single one of them is going to show up for macron which makes me worried . 
  no , you chose the lawyers who then chose the lawyer that best represents the people . 
  ca n't leave that one crucial layer of lawyers out . 
  depending on the circumstances even more layers of lawyers may be required . 
  because american social media is absolutely nuts . 
  in germany the most followed politicians have a few hundred thousand twitter followers and nobody gives a shit anyway . 
  there 's no hysteria machine , and thank god for it . 
  people who complain all day about the established media should think twice about their criticism when they read this . 
  at least there 's some integrity and responsibility left . 
  some countries like france do n't have a coalition based systems . 
  usually parties are big tent and organise majorities in countries with winner takes it all elections . 
  if you find yourself in such a country you need to cooperate , i do n't care in what specific fashion , that depends on the system . 
  yes , because without them joining forces their is no option to win an election , and if you 're running a political party that 's usually a reasonable and fairly important goal , unless you want to play the radical opposition for all your life . 
  merkel lives in a rented flat in berlin with her husband and her hobby is cooking on the weekends . 
  unless she has a secret second career as a super villain i doubt that anybody will be able to dig something up, 
  these are french voters , have some faith, 
  balkanisation of the left is an absolutely idiotic and , in the current politically climate , politically absurd idea . 
  there are no majorities for left-wing government without the liberal-centre and vice versa . 
  a split guarantees a conservative or even more right-wing government . 
  i seriously love juncker . 
  i know that he represents the evil establishment and is habitually drunk but one can only admire how he manages to stay in his position . 
  it 's like an art form, 
  idealistic sure , but nothing stupid about her position . 
  and even the idealistic part is debatable . 
  many very smart old men , like russell or einstein , believed that a unitary world is actually pragmatic and even necessary to face global problems that can not be solved by nation states , after seeing what the world wars did . 
  and you ca n't really accuse them of being naive 16 year old girl scouts . 
  this is not a new idea . 
  planet money had an episode on this http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2016/12/02/504155809/episode-739-finding-the-fake-news-king the guy made tens of thousand of dollars with this stuff every month and had millions of views on single ` articles ' . 
  without a doubt this played a huge role in the election . 
  and interestingly he actually tried to cater his bullshit to both sides , but could n't get any momentum on the hillary side . 
  this stuff almost exclusively targeted potential trump voters . 
  nope , not in a world in which facts exist . 
  one that le pen has left a long while ago, 
  in addition to being their opinion it also has the advantage of being correct . 
  [ the more atmospheric version ] ( https://gifsound.com/?gfycat=deficientexcellentangelwingmussel&amp;v=haaldoatv7y&amp;s=20 ), 
  this thing literally looks like someone fused peter 's basilica , the brandenburg gate and the moscow state university into one building, 
   ok , now you present generalizations while arguing against a candidate who bases her hate of others on generalisations . 
  you do n't even notice how much of an hypocrite you are . 
  then tell me i 'm wrong . 
  all these bernie or busters , corbyn fans , m\u00e9lenchon and so on it 's all the same . 
  tenured and sheltered hobby radicals for whom real politics is n't a concern . 
  it does n't matter what macron is willing to do or not to do . 
  you need to try to get into * power * to shape politics . 
  hold an actual political office . 
  have you looked around and seen how fucking marginalized the left is everywhere ? 
  how is the rebellion working out at this point ? 
  the left has never been more impotent than it is now . 
  get your head out of your ass and support the closest guy you can find who actually holds an office and then work on from there and stop being offended about liberals or anybody else, 
  so will le pen 's . 
  in addition you get all the racism , police state and other crap on top . 
  i 've listened to many people who are in the abstain camp , do you know what the demographics is ? 
  urban , white college kids . 
  i 've not seen a single person in the abstain camp who will actually be at the receiving end of le pen 's policies , because they know better . 
  there are people in france who can not afford your fancy ideological purity tests because they 're the one 's getting shafted by far-right politics . 
  they wo n't , by taking them into the public sphere you secularize them , because they ca n't take on the role of some kind of society-opposed insurgency group . 
  the catholic and protestant church in germany occupy so many social positions that they simply * can not * function as some kind of sectarian institution . 
  think of it as politically extreme parties joining an establishment coalition . 
  it usually takes them a month to mellow out . 
  political and religious extremists both can only stay extremist as long as they do not hold real responsibility . 
  i 'm not sure if you actually read my post to the end before repeating that mantra but no , it * will * never be a private issue because religious values touch on fundamental aspects of life that are not private , but communal . 
  does n't matter how much you try to make it private , it wo n't work . 
  problems do n't vanish because you shove them into the sphere of private live . 
  that is how you create ghettoization . 
   if the police have enough evidence to consider him an imminent danger i really do n't understand why would n't you deport him because you ca n't deport a german out of germany . 
  first of all it would violate fundamental rights that every german citizen has , and secondly there 'd be nowhere to deport him too . 
  additionally , making people stateless is in violation with human rights . 
  if someone holds dual citizenship they can be stripped of the german citizenship , but then the question whether the other nation is willing to take the person is still open . 
  separation of church and state was always a terrible idea because it pushes religion into unsupervisable space of private life where extremists can recruit and teach sectarian nonsense . 
  the most extremist religions always exist in this decentralized , inofficial fashion . 
  no matter if evangelicalism or islamism or whatever else . 
  centralization , a scholastic education and state oversight is how this can be managed . 
  separation of church and state is also a fiction in so far as religious values touch universal social questions . 
  there is about as much separation between religion as state as their is between ` economics and the state ' or ` justice and the state ' . 
  it 'll never work . 
  and if you 're a left-winger macron 's plan is better than le pen 's . 
  you live in a democracy , you change society through laws . 
  this street fight bullshit is n't effective . 
  it is pure narcissim . 
  you 'd rather waste your time kicking over trash cans on a uni campus than stopping le pen from entering office , which will result in immense systemic pressure on the most vulnerable in society . 
  if every single voter besides macron and le pen first round voters abstained , macron wins , so there 's not even that argument . 
  if you vote for macron you improve macron 's chances to win . 
  relatively you voting for macron decreases le pen 's chances to win compared to you abstaining . 
  this is straight forward . 
  people mean very different things when they say democracy . 
  ` the people rule ' is only part of it . 
  there 's many more things . 
  universal values and inviolable individual rights , freedom of the press , the state of law , and so on . 
  you will notice that non of those are ` democratic ' in a participatory sense . 
  the state of law is elitist , individual rights are the opposite of collective power and so on . 
  so i 'm simply pragmatic . 
  democratic nations seem to be good at enabling those things , but they 're not in itself democratic , and often in principle opposed to it . 
  participation is never an argument on its own . 
  i like the original hamiltonian idea of democracy , which draws a strong line between the people who govern and the public .
