  in the first case homophobia is in conflict with the goals of the state , in the second case it is in conflict with historical cultural values . 
  fairly big difference . 
  i 'll agree that the american alt-right is essentially neo-nazi like , yes . 
  ( christianity and judaism are antagonistic , i object to the idea of ` judeo-christian ' traditions ) [ source ] ( http://www.focus.de/politik/deutschland/landesvorsitzender-in-thueringen-wegen-seiner-aeusserungen-und-auftritte-afd-beraet-ueber-bjoern-hoeckes-rauswurf_id_5162760.html ) bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke at some afd youth event . 
  he 's not even doing the whole `` we love the jews screw muslims '' spiel . 
  he has gone straight to old-school antisemitism . 
  yeah but it 's really entirely different from fascism . 
  fascism is a fundamentally modern ideology , it 's obsessed with science , race , industrialism , futurism ( in italy ) and total rule . 
  it 's also usually anti-clerical and subjugates everything to the state . 
  this is not the case at all in russia and this distinction is very important . 
  what putin is looking towards is the pre-modern russian empire , under religious rule , allowing independent regions and so on . 
  you can see this in his treatment of muslims . 
  he is insanely popular in the north caucasus region , and his repeatedly stated that islam is a traditional russian religion and holds regional significance etc. . that 's not something a fascist would ever say , they would n't tolerate this kind of radical difference next to each other . 
  people should n't throw all kinds of authoritarianism together . 
  this is also true of some european far-right parties . 
  you have some neo-nazis in the german afd ( h\u00f6cke ) , but you also have people who look back historically to the hre or other pre-modern structures ( gauland ) . 
  that is why the new far-right ideology can often cooperate internationally , they want to go back pre-enlightenment , not necessarily back to modern nationalism . 
  putin is n't even a nationalist in the modern sense . 
   the only explanation i have other than direct or indirect support from russia , is that the far-right 's ideology is n't too different from russia 's proto-fascist government . 
  to be fair putin 's ideology is more medieval / empire-ish than fascist ( multi-ethnic , orthodox and islamic , `` kingdom like '' etc. . ) putin 's not a racist or totalitarian but apart form that yes it 's the ideology . 
  militarism , illiberalism , autocracy and so on is what binds russia and european far-right parties together . 
  yeah schr\u00f6der was a russian crony , so what the us has pulled enough shit as well , you do n't hear me whining about it either . 
  we 've just taken up a million people under considerable domestic strain because of bullshit us wars , do you hear germany complaining ? 
  not to mention that merkel is pretty strongly defending the nato line against russia and always has . 
  america is n't above criticism , do n't get your panties in a bunch because someone tells the truth . 
  if nobody signals trump that there 's a limit to his threats he 's never going to learn . 
  that 's nice and all but well . . that does n't exactly help us now we 're also not really anti-american at all , but we 're not going to be trolled by trump either . 
  are we supposed to tolerate his nonsense because of the marshall plan ? 
  easy . 
  we form a superstate , reanimate de gaulle and put him in charge . 
  was never a fan of his politics but he has been redeemed . 
  ca n't trust the damn anglo-saxons . 
  9 day old account , probably has n't left their parent 's basement in a year . 
  do n't try . 
  yes stopping terrorist attacks is important but it 's also important to recognize that politics has limits and that absolute safety does not exist . 
  what is much more important is to drill into people 's heads that * we * are actually in full control . 
  we determine how much terrorism influences our daily lives , not the other way around . 
  terrorists are no existential threat to us , we are 80 million people in germany , 60 million in the uk and so on and all they have is maniacs that blow themselves up . 
  they are n't coming from a position of strength . 
  if people would grasp terrorism loses a lot of its power . 
  if we do n't accept this mindset every next attack will completely undermine trust . 
  it has n't been addressed at all . 
  if you sell the majority shares of a company you are handing over proportionate power to the owner of the shares . 
  that is how a publicly traded company functions . 
  these people will now decide the strategy of the company and expect profits from their investment , that 's how it works . 
  this runs contrary to the tone of economic nationalism that the brexit campaign promised . 
  how would you feel if someone took the nhs , handed out shares to some investors at the other end of the world and turned it into a business ? 
  you 're going to tell me the fact that the doctors still reside in the uk is the most important thing about this ? 
  i did read the comment , thorough explanation but it still changes nothing about the political implications . 
  handing shares in high tier infrastructure to chinese shareholders because there 's no domestic funding for it is a dangerous game and the logical consequence of the whole brexit + tax haven situation . 
  where 's the sovereignty and control in diminishing your own tax base , inviting foreign takeovers and turning formerly public grids into for profit businesses . 
  that 's the opposite of what the average brexit voter expected to happen, 
  is it ? 
  the argument against surveillance commonly is a principled one . 
  the effectiveness of it is not what people are objecting to . 
  this is the most hilarious outcome of this . 
  `` welll it does n't matter if we tank , we 'll become a tax haven and attract tourists ! '', 
  so the new vision of sovereignty is becoming a combination of luxembourg , a russian tourist village and a chinese factory . . sounds great . 
  rule britannia, 
  not to mention that the uk is n't actually the world 's global leading superpower any more , where is this pivot supposed to go ? 
  about as much as the uk at the moment, 
  put the dictionary aside for a second and use your nead , nato exists to protect the western-atlantic post-war order , yeah they might pick up a terrorist here and there but that 's not their principal role . 
  their focus is to keep russia at bay , the institution was precisely founded for that reason . 
  donny ca n't grasp that because he 's basically the american version of yanukovych and has no basic understanding of geopolitics . 
  that does n't make it better . 
  nato 's role is n't to combat terror , but to protect the structural integrity of the west . 
  seriously it 's not that strange . 
  the social role model for people of that ideological flavour is basically the drinking , sausage eating , coal miner . 
  if you 're on a bike you 're basically an evil urbanite trying to ruin the nation . 
  this is why gay people are in there too . 
  they 've always been counted into the urban , bohemian demographic, 
   second , he showed them the middle finger , which no chancellor-candidate should do to his own people ( on the other hand , they were mentioning his dad so it was a private thing too ) his father abused him and was a neo-nazi and the guys were screaming `` your father would be ashamed of you '' or something along the lines . 
  he should have punched them in the face . 
  given his personal context that he actually still tries to engage the right-wing voters is pretty admirable . 
  but he 's not afraid to call anybody out on their bullshit either . 
  yes , he is a very good politician . 
  he 's not really afraid to talk to anybody , he 's going to talk to union leaders and ceo 's alike if he thinks that it makes sense but people are still demanding this holier-than-thou attitude from social democrats . 
  he actually has a fairly broad understanding of most issues and he understands where germany is headed economically . 
    edit : the painting of guernica is picasso 's take on the bombing of guernica by nazi germany under the request of the spanish nationalists . 
  because we 're nazis and we 're bombing spain right now , apt comparison . 
  everybody in spain who sees cooperation with germany and the european institutions as mutually beneficial must be a crypto fascist, 
  military investment has huge ripple effects , 50 % of every technology in cool shit america builds have some kind of military backing , most huge innovative products america has built come out of the military or public r&d . you also ignored the second point , america is not going to curb its military budget , right ? 
  trump even has wanted to increase military expenditure . 
  where is this consumption investment going to come from ? 
  in fact trump wants to reduce the household deficit and impose austerity . 
  this is the opposite of increasing consumption , you 're trying to implement our bad german economics i 'm also not the same guy who called the us our enemy , although trump certainly is making a fool out of the country, 
   enjoy reducing your gdp growth because you actually have to fund a military which would accelerate our gdp growth , as military investment counts into government spending obviously . 
  accounting 101 ( gdp = c + i + g + ( x - m ) or gdp = private consumption + gross investment + government investment + government spending + ( exports - imports ) also the us is never actually going to scrap its budget , especially not under trump , you 're just going to send your troops somewhere else , this argument literally makes zero sense, 
  austerity is not a ` leftist ' slur , it 's rejected in mainstream economic theory and holds the position of voodoo economics , we do n't need to teach greece any ` lessons ' and its track record on the continent is horrible . 
  it 's worse enough that we 're pushing for this stuff , we do n't need a franco-german punishment axis in europe . 
  if we do that we 'll be the only two countries left in the union in four years . 
  and no russia is , by far , the most important topic of foreign policy . 
  and fillon is heavily leaning towards russia , both french extremes left and right hold extremely anti-atlanticist views , which we do not need more of . 
  we already have trump to deal with, 
  but it 's an entirely different ideology . 
  luxemburg 's communism was much more resembling paris commune style self-organisation , not soviet stalinism . 
  are you reven remotely aware of her work , she was n't a totalitarian, 
  i 'm not a big fan of fillon 's austerity policies and mass public sector shrinkage , and his foreign policy is disastrous . 
  why would fillon be a better choice from a german perspective ? 
  you 're aware that luxemburg was an anti-bolshevik and not interested in implementic nationalist communism right ?
