  merkel has positioned the party to be attractive to the urban voting bloc that is only going to get larger . 
  if the right-wing of the party would have its way they 'd be entirely dependent on the geriatric , dwindling part of the population . 
  and as a social democrat although it probably cost us a good deal of votes i have no real problem with it . 
  there 's a lot of value in having parties that try to appeal to voters in the centre rather than to voters at the fringes . 
  of course it does n't immediately eradicate all difference , it is not a magic wand . 
  what it does to is help converge developing economies towards developed economies , while giving developed countries new investment opportunities and cheaper access to goods and services . 
  that 's all it is supposed to do . 
  free trade agreement ! = no regulation . 
  when we make free trade agreements with less developed countries we usually set labour and product standards , which in turn * helps us * to prevent shitty products from entering markets and gives us a fair environment to enter the market . 
  that 's why these things are a thousand pages long , if trade agreements would only get rid off tariffs a post card would do and the negotiations would take five minutes . 
  look at [ this section of the tpp ] ( https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/tpp-final-text-labour.pdf ) for example which would have enforced minimum wage , abolition of child/compulsory labour , collective bargaining rights and so on in the pacific rim states . 
  what does that even mean and what has it to do with the argument lol . 
  let us accept that i am in fact a very corrupt person ( without you knowing me at all ) , how does that make people less naive or moronic ? 
  yes , i 'm sure they just throw allusions to antisemitic conspiracies in there for other reasons , what do you think this is , jewish tourette ? 
  what brought down the ussr was 50 years of institutional rot and a shitty economy , not radio free europe . 
  you actually can fight lies with lies , if lies is all that people want to hear . 
  truth wo n't get you anywhere if people do n't give a shit , which all indicators are pointing towards . 
  to believe that you just need to get the truth out there and that all the well meaning , educated people will change their minds is incredibly naive . 
  i 'm just happy that we can choose between two moderate candidates at this point . 
  sure , yes . 
  but opposing immigration altogether is a far-right position in germany that no mainstream party embraces anyway . 
  about on line with the current gov i 'd assume . 
  we 'll have to wait until he puts policies forward . 
  he seems to put emphasis on a common european immigration policies . 
  politically on the centre-left , opposes austerity , favours european solutions and strengthening of eu institutions , especially the parliament . 
  domestically not really clear given that he has little national political experience , but probably mainstream spd positions leaning more to the conservative than left side . 
  personally very unlike merkel . 
  dropped out of school and worked in bookstore for ten years or so , started as a local mayor and moved up the ladder pretty fast . 
  more of an ` idea ' person than a technocratic lawmaker like merkel or sch\u00e4uble . 
  that 's why i said all medical and related information , and the first sentence states explicitly that they are confidential the state has absolutely no fucking business to snoop in anybody 's medical information of any kind , but the uk apparently has abolished the idea of privacy for a while now . 
  all medical and related information should be absolutely confidential first sentence of the article  the confidential patient records of more than 8,000 people have been handed over by the nhs to the home office this is authoritarian bullshit, 
  no http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/027/693/fae.jpg, 
  hopefully it pushes macron further , seems like the only staunchly pro european candidate in the race, 
  when the boats are on the sea it 's essentially too late already , at least if the lives of the passengers are of any concern to you . 
  if you do nothing to stop the flow of migration you are only applying bandaid . 
  this is the fundamental problem . 
  just to give you a sense of scale , the maritime border of the european union is about 66.000 km long , we 're not talking about your neighbour 's pond here countries often can not effectively control landlocked borders that are a few thousand kilometers long . 
  there 's a difference between * wanting * to secure a border and the effectiveness and cost of the actual implementation this distinction seems to have been lost over the last few years , but you can not merely wish anything you want into reality . 
  as far as borders are concerned , it often is much better to eliminate the reasons that lead to their demand rather than to try to desperately build a barrier . 
   as for `` our treatment of greece '' i guess you are glad that merkel softened that blow well below what the populace and parts of her party wanted ? 
  well i 'm glad that sch\u00e4uble is not the chancellor yes , if he would set the agenda we 'd probably have pushed southern europe out of the union already . 
  but merkel has n't exactly spoken out against it either . 
  sure , but then go and blame the cdu and the respective voters and not the spd . 
  they necessarily have to carry it because they govern in a coalition , but i do n't know a single spd politician who is actually in favour of it . 
  and as far as the support for this in the populace is concerned , it 's by far the worst attitude we 've ever produced . 
  the outfall of this could be observed in our treatment of greece . 
  the spd has been saying this ever since the recession started , they 've never advocated for austerity . 
  and he is absolutely right , it is bogus economics and the only reason it exists is because sch\u00e4uble thinks he can run a government like a swabian housewife . 
   what you want is china to open their markets , and enforce western ip law - this is not going to happen , not in next 5-10 years . 
  they simply laugh in our face if you want them to do so . 
  as soon as china grows it 's own generation of entrepreneurs which is bound to happen sooner than later they 'll have vested interest in strengthening common ip legislation . 
  australia has already suggested that china and indonesia could replace the us in tpp negotations . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2017/jan/24/australia-open-to-china-and-indonesia-joining-tpp-after-us-pulls-out if the us continues to spiral into isolationism i think there 's a good chance that this will happen sooner than later . 
  true , ideally the constituents should recognise that their representative made a judgement call and not hold a grudge , if they do i think the representative should still go ahead . 
  stopping the brexit would be a relatively big win compared to some of them losing their job in four years . 
  another problem of the british system , every representative is directly elected . 
  here in germany it 's split 50/50 , the other half gets in through party lists . 
  but if i were sitting in the parliament i would n't even have to think honestly , who cares if they do n't reelect you . 
  can always find another job . 
  actually in many democracies representatives are first and foremost bound to their own conscience , nothing else . 
  why do you need representatives if they 're a glorified strawpoll ? 
  in fact this kind of scenario is what they exist for , if they 're not supposed to pass judgement you would n't need them in the first place . 
  same problem in the american electoral college . 
  take it from burke :  your representative owes you , not his industry only , but his judgment ; and he betrays instead of serving you if he sacrifices it to your opinion . [ ... ], 
   to deliver an opinion , is the right of all men ; that of constituents is a weighty and respectable opinion , which a representative ought always to rejoice to hear ; and which he ought always most seriously to consider . 
  but authoritative instructions ; mandates issued , which the member is bound blindly and implicitly to obey , to vote , and to argue for , though contrary to the clearest conviction of his judgment and conscience , -- these are things utterly unknown to the laws of this land , and which arise from a fundamental mistake of the whole order and tenor of our constitution . 
   parliament is not a congress of ambassadors from different and hostile interests ; which interests each must maintain , as an agent and advocate , against other agents and advocates ; but parliament is a deliberative assembly of one nation , with one interest , that of the whole ; where , not local purposes , not local prejudices , ought to guide , but the general good , resulting from the general reason of the whole . 
  you choose a member indeed ; but when you have chosen him , he is not member of bristol , but he is a member of parliament . 
  if the local constituent should have an interest , or should form an hasty opinion , evidently opposite to the real good of the rest of the community , the member for that place ought to be as far , as any other , from any endeavour to give it effect british conservatism invented this stuff, 
  i guess i 'm a firm believer that economic growth and a developing middle-class will provoke the development of more individual freedoms , and much of the developing world is producing that middle-class , absolute poverty has actually drastically gone down , we 've seen 1 billion people being lifted out of it in the last 50 years . 
  i think one can paint an overly pessimistic picture by focusing on the me . 
  the sea region is very dynamic and accounts for a considerable amount of the global population and economy . 
  same can be observed in the americas . 
  europe and africa are indeed not doing very well though , which is bothersome . 
  if anything this should be a wakeup call for the eu to consolidate . 
  sure , that 's a fair assessment , maybe `` western globalisation '' would have been a more precise term . 
  the mode of production anyway that we exported into the world after the post-war era and which has so far made it 's way into all kinds of corners of the world . 
  we 've ironically seen a few considerable setbacks of this in the uk , and the us but i 'm pretty sure that it 's still the best thing we got at least as far as material prosperity is concerned . 
  if china and the developing nations in latin america etc. . now pick up where the us left off i 'm pretty sure we 'll see it proliferate . 
  i think people are giving china a hard time . 
  yes it is not really a market economy at this point but they 've basically been opening up over the last decade . 
  xi is no mao . 
  do n't get me wrong , gay rights are important but they 're a very recent phenomenon even in the western world . 
  at the very core of the western system is how we organise labour , capital , the state , property rights and so on . 
  and those tenets are basically being adopted even by sa or china and they 're willing to suspend traditional beliefs that are incompatible . 
  for example in many traditionalist islamic cultures loaning money with interest is supposed to be illegal . 
  still the whole arabian peninsula is full of financial institutions that do exactly that . 
  i 'm talking about the western system in a broad economic sense ( free flow of capital , mixed market economy , corporate entities , state of law etc. . ) . 
  gay rights are n't relevant in this context . 
  how did you just jump from women 's rights to crime rates ? 
  i think we struck a pretty good balance when we decided that everybody can and should work and that nobody either works all the time or is locked in the house all the time . 
  not to mention that this problem with women in the workforce drastically reduces japan 's talent pool . 
  you lose out on a lot of talent if you keep women out of the labour force given that it 's half your population , and japan is in drastic need of every worker, 
  those regions that create prosperity are actually liberal in the genuine sense . 
  visit shenzhen in china , you can talk about what you want . 
  authoritarianism is not really compatible with liberal economies . 
  you can basically see how authoritarianism has to retreat at the same time as prosperity rises , the nationalism is barely a thin veneer at this point . 
  yes , china is still authoritarian but less so than twenty years ago , and with rising incomes people move into the middle-class and discover values that are not just material , they want culture , expression , they want to travel and so on . 
  and all these rich kids that make up the next governing elite all have spend their formative years in international colleges and universities . 
  this could actually be seen in the soviet union too .
