  there 's lots of artisanal , small crafts businesses who are very eager to pass them on to the next generation and are aggressively looking for apprentices . 
  or if you 're interested in academia , medicine , pharma , engineering , cs it 's all going to give you financial security . 
  that 's where you need to go if money is what you care about , and you 'll probably be required to retrain all through your life . 
  but to blame refugees and demand that the state takes care of you , that a futile exercise . 
   they just dont want you to steamroll warsaw again . 
  given the prices they 've slapped on those polish panties i 'm not sure that 's true actually, 
  have you ever heard of personal responsibility ? 
  how is it a refugee 's fault that a freelance musician as described in the article has trouble saving for their rent ? 
  everybody knows beforehand that these jobs pay terribly . 
  likewise the craftsman who is struggling to find employment apparently went through years of unemployment at which point he could have taken up state sponsored retraining . 
  these opportunities exist in germany , but you have to actually do your part . 
  it 's hardly a refugee 's fault that someone who got a degree in underwater basketweaving ca n't find a job . 
  there 's plenty of sectors in germany that are booming and that will pay you well even if you only do an apprenticeship . 
  a stable impartial government would be a good start, 
  i 'm not sure the welfare of bulgarian society at large is particular important to that group, 
  with that post history definitely not, 
   russia vs turkey doesnt sound much like that agreed , unlike the catholics russia and turkey might even be able to win a war, 
  also do n't forget to immediately promote laissez-faire democracy despite the fact that the country has no running water or jobs, 
   im talking about limiting any efforts to develop it , thats a difference . 
  nuclear energy has no clear future in the developed world because consumption of energy has peaked , so centralised capital intensive projects make little sense . 
  the future of energy development is a pluralistic energy * mittelstand * , dominated by renewables . 
  until then we 're stuck with gas, 
  sure but can you blame the german government for wanting a degree of energy independence ? 
  i 'm all for helping ukraine financially but completely relying on transit through ee essentially gives them essentially control about the central and western european natural gas access . 
  everything that 's even remotely controversial , geez louise . 
  the `` iran repeal !, 
  ! 1 '' is about as serious as the obamacare repeal , it 's a paper tiger . 
  bibi does n't like it and trump does n't like it because it was obama 's brainchild . 
  the defense department knows perfectly well that there 's no reason to tear it apart , it 's not happening . 
  yes i am aware , it says to ten times in the article everything int he us barely passes the senate . 
  such is us politics . 
  look no further than mattis to see what us policy makers with a brain think about the deal . 
  practically speaking yes . 
  the paris accord is pretty much universally supported with the exception of the trump administration and the iranian deal has widespread support to , even among american conservatives . 
  we 're not living in the 60s any more , the us is n't going to dictate world policy to every country on the globe . 
  with the exception of france no country in europe utilises nuclear energy to a meaningful degree , and no , switching all european countries to nuclear energy is n't actually a feasible plan . 
  the real world does n't work like sim city you ca n't simply replace half of the continents energy supplies . 
  the cost alone would completely ravage our economies . 
  russia supplies almost half of europe 's natural gas and a third of its oil , so mid term we 're stuck with russia as one of our biggest energy suppliers anyway . 
  anything else is n't realistic . 
  concerning the ports issue , did n't it turn out that this was n't a problem after all ? 
  i remember tusk saying something to that effect . 
  honestly ukraine is entirely dependent on russian resources and trade anyway , so i do n't think this makes a difference for ukraine . 
  it does give poland and a few other eastern european countries less political leverage over central europe because north stream bypasses them , but it 's not like many ee governments care about anything else than national interest either . 
  i listen to plenty of others , just not to people who tell me that merkel seeks world domination and is controlled by a shadowy cabal . 
  that actually just means that you 're an idiot, 
  what kind of magical powers do you think we have that makes it possible for us ` to dominate the world '  maybe it 's because the media is controlled by one and the same people which control merkel and are pushing a narrative with aim of ethnic replacement despite public displeasurenover that ? 
  okay , i guess it is just coincidence . 
  oh okay you 're insane sorry nevermind . 
  also how is this upvoted lmao , you never fail to amuse me r/europe, 
  this is reddit . 
  whenever someone posts about the violence women face there 's at least a handful of guys who ca n't help but point out how mean women are because they 've been bullied in highschool or whatever . 
   however you are led by mad people what are you even talking about, 
  yup if you lag four percent behind and you a run a monte carlo simulation on the stats you simply get a 90 + % winning chance . 
  the afd is currently polling at 8 % . 
  no but we have guaranteed the women rights hillary rightfully demanded since the 70s so this is n't really comparable . 
  i 'm not one to complain very often but this might be the worst title in the history of titles , maybe ever, 
  a motherfuckin ' chainsaw what, 
  unless spending falls even faster than saving . 
  see japan , where inflation and spending is low even though the country is aging . 
  it 's a screenshot of a fucking internet comment section . 
  jesus christ let 's survey 4chan to gauge what the average american thinks . 
  crawl back to the_donald . 
  might as well post the twitch comment section to make a point fuck off with these shitty far-right blogs, 
  it will be realised comrade, 
  it 's not only limited to this specific ideology . 
  look at the alt-right movement and the anti-feminist slant . 
  it 's essentially the same thing . 
  `` if i can have no sexual relationship i 'll force the same on everybody else '' it 's a common reactionary theme . 
  many people who perceive themselves to be disempowered will rather vote for an autocrat who oppresses everybody than doing something about their situation . 
  i do n't believe this at all . 
  i do n't believe that the bbc is automatically biased to write pro-british news or that the german ard is a government propaganda arm . 
  just because you 're paid or a government outlet does n't mean that you 're shilling for some obscure cause . 
  i 'll gladly accept that if it actually reflects in the writing , but otherwise it is just a silly way to bash journalism the christian science monitor is run by a crazy church but the newspaper itself has actually won a shitton of pulitzers and is one of the best american newspapers, 
  well yes , this is usually how it goes , the website you write an article for pays you a salary . 
  i do n't think this establishes a conspiracy it would be really weird if anybody else was paying her, 
  i 've got no idea what the hell they 're doing on egyptian television as i have n't watched a minute of it in my life , but the english news outlet in my experience has n't promoted islam , and i doubt they 're criticizing poland because poland resists accepting muslims . 
  because just about any western liberal magazine criticises poland as well . 
  and the author of the article in question is a romanian woman in warsaw, 
  so the fact that they are not biased is , in your opinion , proof of the fact that they are biased . 
  this is some sound reasoning you 've got going on here they 're also by no definition of the word progressive, 
  they 've a * slight * anti-american tone in some of their reporting but they 're generally considered to be one of the more reliable news sources out there , especially reporting on international affairs . 
  do you mind bringing up some reporting from them you consider exceptionally biased ? 
  it 's impressive that you 've managed to put the word ` islamofascism ' twice into a twenty word sentence but al jazeera is n't actually religiously slanted, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_h5upyu2oke i 'm pretty sure picard would have voted for m\u00e9lenchon ^ ^, 
   is this how she pictured herself the caliphate ? 
  i read a very interesting interview with a psychologist a while ago . 
  he talked to girls that went to support isis , and what many of them had in common was that they lived in a household where religion was perceived as very ` corrupt ' . 
  so the brother would go clubbing and have girlfriends , but the daughter was basically commanded around and could do nothing . 
  this is where isis came in and told them `` if you come over here religious rules apply to * everybody * '' , so in a fucked up way the girls perceived it to be an emancipation of sorts along the lines of `` at least over there everybody is subject to the same amount of authority '' . 
  ( which of course is n't true and just propaganda ) . 
  as far as teenagers are concerned , rebellion against your parents or simply trying out identities . 
  sure if your 16 your old kid suddenly starts changing behaviour like this you should probably pay attention , but that does n't mean every convert turns into a zealot . 
  and then one week later they bash each others head in because they run out of other imaginary enemies , such is life in populistan, 
  mormon 's have batshit crazy theology going on but they 're fairly benign group actually . 
  they do n't deny medical treatment or whatever and are very open to foreigners because they go on a lot of missionary work around the world . 
  hell mitt romney was mormon , their beliefs are a little bit whacky but they do n't behave like it . 
  it 's true for some evangelical groups for example , and for some fringe muslim and jewish groups too , but it is n't the rule for the larger religious organisations . 
  95 % of christians , muslims , jews etc. . participate in public life . 
  groups like jw , twelve tribes etc. . make this explicitly part of their religion .
