  they actually won the popular vote and clinton won the primary with +12 % of the popular vote . 
  you do n't get to devalue the vote of other party members just because you do n't agree with their opinion . 
  if you are a minority within a party you are expected to compromise with your own party . 
  do you think evangelicals or libertarians like trump ? 
  your democratic representatives are by definition elected , they did n't hijack their positions , the us elects almost all representatives directly . 
  democracy is based on the idea of making compromises with people who have different opinions than you do . 
  the far-left/left is a small group . 
  if you want to govern in a democracy you need to get at least half of the country on your side . 
  this is very basic arithmetic . 
  you are not more entitled to representation than anybody else . 
  you are expected to vote for the party that represents you most closely , and if you are intelligent you will vote for a party that can translate your beliefs into policy , because that is how change happens . 
  you either have the option to live under a centre-left or right-wing government . 
  no , the socialist utopia will not happen . 
  if you continue to whine because you do not get your favourite toy you will never actually hold political power and the right-wingers will continue to shape policy . 
  that is very retarded . 
  why is nobody voting for the lib dems , they seem like a solid party, 
  should have invested into a better thievery degree . 
  the thief guilds just are n't what they used to be . 
  i 'm actually really glad that twitter and other social media platforms never took off as much as they did in the anglosphere , at least not in public life . 
  i honestly think it 's one of the main reasons we have n't suffered from that much political instability . 
  well that is something to be concerned about because the dead people are still dead . 
  that sounds very concerning but if the mindset is `` well as long as i had a good reason to shoot him '' i 'm not surprised that the number is that high . 
  in a state of law you put criminals in front of a judge , you are not supposed to be private jury and executioner . 
  if you have to shoot someone things have already gone horribly wrong . 
  this glorified vigilantism is disgusting . 
  the left whining about the corporate establishment is as fucking bad as the right whining about anybody else . 
  the liberal left has , in most countries , a nominal majority of about 55-60 % , what they really need to do is stop complaining about the banksters and consolidate so they can actually govern . 
  to socialise the profit that the robot generates and control the pace at which automatisation happens . 
  if you keep the tax below market rate for labourers it will still displace jobs , you can just decide how fast and collect a share of the profits . 
  you said in another post that you want universal income , you actually need a tax base for this . 
  if you argue that you want a wealth or capital tax , well then you 're again back to taxing the robots , you just do it indirectly . 
  sure , i agree with the assessment that there 's little support for it , but it 's arguably one of the many tools that the eu institutions lack to function . 
  this is the general problem in the eu regardless if we 're talking parliament or currency , if we invent it we should be willing to equip it with the mechanisms it requires . 
  russia is n't really crumbling though by any genuine definition of the world . 
  they 're hampered by their reliance on the oil sector and their lack of modernisation in services and so on , but they 've a large educated population , are fairly independent and are increasingly connected to the brics economies and china . 
  their outlook is not great but not bad either , and at least the population centres are not impoverished or suffering . 
  especially noteworthy is the improvement of standards in the lower and middle class after the collapse of the ussr and russia is in many regards still in that recovery phase , so the outlook is of course different compared to our perspective . 
  for us it is important to ask whether the russian economy will be resilient enough to sustain their fp efforts and the answer to that question is most likely yes . 
  of course you ca n't and the objective assessment is that russia at least is an ambitious large regional power , with a consolidated state and quite a large potential for power projection and significant military capabilities . 
  everybody who says something else must not have followed the developments of the last decade . 
  yes , * in * scotland and catalonia , * not in * westminster or madrid . 
  you 're really having problems grasping this concept . 
  secession is illegal in spain, 
  no you misrepresented my argument , screamed `` hur dur democracy '' and have n't actually presented a coherent thought . 
  why can a parliamentary democratic institution not defend itself against secessionist forces ? 
  i want a logical answer to that question , given that this is a standard procedure in pretty much every democracy on the planet . 
  it is the equivalent of self-defense that every individual is entitled to , why does this somehow mean i 'm not a democrat ? 
  that 's a pretty strong claim you 're throwing at me . 
  then go ahead and tell me why please . 
  no , my argument is `` parties that want to destruct an institution have no businesses participating in that institution , they can instead withdraw on an individual basis '' . 
  use your fucking head for a second , this is how every political organisation functions . 
  is the german state not democratic because we literally have that provision in our constitution ? 
  ( article 21 ), 
  and why should n't they be able to do this anyway ? 
  a country can unilaterally withdraw from the eu , as the uk is going to . 
  you do n't need representation in the eu institutions to leave . 
  that is a purely national decision . 
  the eu parliament decides * on european * policy and law , if you 're opposed to the eu you have no business participating . 
  the german concept of * streitbare demokratie * has everything to do with the issue . 
  it is why the german government can function effectively and keep destructive forces out , and the eu is dysfunctional because it can not . 
  and she is also a mp in the european parliament , and that is what this comment chain was about . 
  what she does in france is another matter , but the eu parliament , in my opinion , does not need to host factions which want to tear it down . 
  sure but then they should run nationally and leave and not get representation in the * european * parliament . 
  no government needs to tolerate secessionists in its * own * parliament . 
  a bavarian secessionist party is not going to get representation in the bundestag , this is not a difficult concept, 
  democracies defend themselves against anti-democratic parties . 
  i assume you 've got a solid grip on german history to know that democracies can be abolished democratically ? 
  if not --  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie, 
  sure , i still do n't see why the same principle should n't apply . 
  i do n't see why the european parliament should n't have a provision to remove parties that explicitly aim to abolish it . 
  this is common place in any national parliament and national legislation . 
   these are economic migrants and the humanitarian argument does not stand in that case . 
  this is a useless , ahistorical distinction . 
  migration always has a multitude of reasons , including humanitarian , economical , political or religious ones . 
  these things are n't mutually exclusive . 
  no we should n't compromise on basic humanitarian commitments that are part of the european foundation . 
  just because some countries hopped on the train in the 80s to make a quick buck does n't mean that those commitments are gone . 
  yes , germany has not been paying adequate attention to southern europe on multiple issues that is true and i said this myself a post ago . 
  but to answer the question you asked the other guy , schulz has for years now advocated that austerity politics needs to stop and i agree . 
  this is a topic where he and merkel siginificantly diverge . 
  but is n't the real point of a political union to make concessions * precisely * on points that hurt ? 
  this is why the eu is so dysfunctional because everybody has their pet peeve they are not willing to get over . 
  if you only want to cooperate on issues you already agree on you do n't need the eu . 
  it always is `` yes i am usually to cooperate , but ... '' and everybody has ten `` but 's '' so we never agree on anything that matters . 
  this is true of austerity politics as well . 
  it is really hard to sell to the german public to let it go , but if we do n't let it go we 'll never move the eu forward . 
  these crucial areas is where compromise needs to happen . 
  all of which voluntarily joined a union . 
  there can be no real union of any kind without loss of sovereignty . 
  this is as true for germany as for everybody else . 
  narrowly defined national interest does n't work if you 're part of a group that relies on cooperation . 
  if a subset of countries is absolutely unwilling to accept this we should cut the eu down to countries that are willing . 
  given the current conflicts that would leave large parts of eastern europe between russia and the eu while trump does n't give a shit . 
  is that what people want ? 
  only children would believe that mutual obligation instead of one directional support constitutes blackmail . 
  if a subset of the european nations is absolutely unwilling to make concessions although they 're huge beneficiaries of eu funds and military support what 's the point of being in a union in the first place we are also guilty of this given for how long we have lived under the us security umbrella and have been to egoistically pursued austerity i am ready to admit that , but the amount of unwillingness to make concessions ins eastern europe is just mindboggling . 
  especially given the military , financial and institutional support they receive and have received ever since the iron curtain came down . 
  and was his latin teacher , macron is one sneaky guy, 
  many of the more hawkish conservatives seem to be criticising her for her course but i have trouble imagining that the cdu would be as successful as it is now if they 'd have a larger voice . 
  the party has essentially taken over all of the centre/centre-right spectrum largely through a mix of pragmatic and consensus based politics .
