  i did n't dispute that . 
   simply looking at these maps , the 1991-1999 period looks good from a democratic point of view : the political battle seems ballanced and there were more parties to choose from . 
  after 2002 till present day , it was slaughter : a party that seems to have no real competition and just fewer possible choices . 
  personal opinions on the akp or turkey aside i 'd be careful to measure political health by counting the number of parties . 
  weimar democracy is n't exactly a very resilient model . 
  a two party model is usually much more stable at preventing despotism than multi party systems . 
  that the akp managed to emerge out of this splintered situation is actually not surprising at all . 
  i actually come from a math background and have worked in ` data crunching ' fields and this is really overhyped , or at least misunderstood , as far as long term prediction is concerned . 
  the clinton campaign inherited a very large machinery from obama , led by people who are quite respected in the field and they heavily utilised quantitative methods to allocate their resources ( [ related article ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/hillary-clinton-data-campaign-elan-kriegel-214215 ) ) people need a little bit more nassim taleb in their lives nowadays . 
  statistical analysis and data science only holds in fields in which the bell curve holds , that is to say unexpected events occur predictably rarely and do n't pose systemic threats to the system . 
  in extreme circumstances historical prediction is useless ( the great recession wiped out more accumulated wealth than any piece of data could have possibly revealed ) , and ebola is n't harmless because it has n't killed many people in germany yet . 
  in ` tail fat ' environments with high uncertainty prediction is useless or at least very limited , what makes more sense is to build robust systems that either stand to gain from uncertainty or are n't harmed by it . 
  case in point , trump . 
  negative unexpected press did n't hurt trump , he profited from it , whereas clinton was greatly damaged by one negative leak . 
  not saying that putin is necessarily responsible for this , but one plausible message could obviously be `` i can do it brutally and openly and i do n't even need any secrecy '', 
  make polytheism great again ? 
  well it is not surprising or problematic if it 's limited to a perception , but it is problematic if it enters policy making . 
  responsible decision making is impartial , analytic and has to handle limited amount of resources , so obviously we ought to put them to best use . 
  many people will call for empathy but a pretty good case can be made against such reactions . 
  drastically more money needs to go into military intelligence , hybrid warfare , cooperation with countries that have an edge in that technology including israel etc. . doubt we need more conventional air force or navy . 
  the us has been building submarines [ with means to disrupt infrastructure ] ( https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-switch/files/2016/07/screen-shot-2016-07-08-at-10.11.50.jpg&amp;w=1484 ) , this is the kind of stuff you need, 
  in germany it 's more a case of the law setting very strict limits in comparison to many other legislations because of political considerations , this was painfully obvious during the whole nsa debate it 's not comparable to most other areas of government for the reason alone that it is clandestine . 
  many countries handle intelligence matters purely in front of secret courts , and let 's be honest a secret court is not much of a court at all . 
  the only thing that comes into my head when i hear navajo is `` woooolbachia '', 
  the alternative is n't just leftism but conservatism , which in europe does not have a huge overlap with the far-right parties . 
  no need to adopt their lingo . 
  in fact the conservative middle-class in europe has historically been a much stronger bulwark against radicalism than anybody else . 
  this is some bad extrapolation . 
  industry moved people because industry created * mass employment * and because it relied on clustering people up . 
  the knowledge economy does not create mass manual employment and in some/many cases even eliminates the number of workers required and concentrates money and opportunity in the hands of few , but very productive workers . 
  that leaves an army of disappointed guys . 
  furthermore digitalization takes geography out of the equation , you do n't * need to * move people out of their environment because the information economy works as long as you have an internet connection . 
  you 're making a category error , you 're applying the logic of the factory age to one in which it does not apply . 
   i 've never seen our swedish media write so many articles in english as they have the past week . 
  the sad thing is that this is the whole idea . 
  this exact same thing happened when donald trump accused the nyt of not covering terrorism . 
  what does the nyt ? 
  links to the million occasions on which it reported about terrorism , trying to correct trump 's obviously false statement . 
  the result ? 
  everybody talks about terrorism 24/7 . 
  i mean the us now has the problem that the guy is president so they ca n't not cover him , but we seriously need to avoid being pulled into this circus , the tactic is so fucking obvious . 
  no lol , they know . 
  do you think they themselves believe that they 're liberal democrats ? 
  orban has openly decried liberalism countless of times , this is the one thing that connects trump , putin , orban , erdogan etc. . 
  they want patrimonial , male , homogeneous , law & order dominated , nationalist societies . 
  that 's no secret , it 's right on the advertisement the chief principle behind this stuff is demand to be ruled . 
  the 16 y/o who turns to radical islam or nazism can not handle disorientation but wants to draw clear black & white lines and wants to subject himself . 
  mediocre people are notoriously bad at handling ambiguity . 
  radicalism is a way to resolve inner tension . 
  hence the recruitment efforts in the social underclass or criminal circles , disappointed men in their basements and so on, 
  in germany crime difference also largely vanishes when you account for age and income and crimes that only immigrants can commit ( passport fraud etc. . ) and even if there are subgroups left where you can find elevated rates of crime after controlling for other factors throwing raw numbers into the discussion is just a cheap trick and useless from a statistical viewpoint . 
  let 's just say the people are n't bringing their best people right now, 
  for once i wish all these deep state conspiracies were actually true . 
  where are the lizard bureaucrats when you need them, 
  of the 3 million turks in germany eligible to vote in the last turkish election 570k voted , of those 60 % voted for the akp . 
  ( [ source ) ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/tuerken-in-deutschland-waehlten-erdogan-partei-akp-a-1060661.html ) , so about ~ 11.5 % of the general pop . 
  so probably a little more precision is in order . 
  of the politically active turkish population in germany there is a huge bias towards the akp , but overall they 're still a minority . 
  always good to talk about the problems that a community faces , but do n't just wave them around like a scare crow . 
  given that they 're an immigrant group that came here under very adverse conditions ( huge numbers , low education , very different language ) and so on they 're doing quite okay . 
  surprisingly i think segregation is not a huge problem at all , they seem to integrate just fine , although on the more conservative side socially . 
  but i also want people to come here who do n't commit crimes or are on welfare , and because i do n't have a crystal ball i can only tell when they are here . 
  giving up freedom for safety or convenience is stupid and we 're one of the most successful nations on the planet because we do n't shy away from integrating people and dealing with problems . 
  i 'm tired of having to listen to run of the mill dictatorships lecturing us on why they think our country sucks . 
  this is true for sweden as well . 
  there 's no need to apologise for anything . 
  yes , then the goal is obviously to fix their economic and welfare situtation instead of their ` immigrantness ' . 
  if i diagnose you with a disease i try to cure your disease , i do n't throw you out of the window although that obviously would solve the problem too we would have zero healthcare costs if we just purge all the pesky sick people amirite, 
  i do n't even know what the word means . 
  in a way it 's symptomatic because it 's a pure gut feeling that rests on misconceptions as the one the guy just cleared up . 
  that 's basically like saying that you 're `` skeptical of medicine '' it 's this kind of trumpian language that means nothing . 
  there is parts or mechanisms in the eu that you might disagree with , but then you ought to name them . 
  i do n't think that 's a campaign strategy but simply his adhd, 
  yes , and if there would be less people in sweden there would be less crime in sweden . 
  the deeper reasons are really irrelevant learn how to think , why are people upvoting this shit, 
  or maybe the situation is simply different in sweden and denmark because they 're not the same country and both studies are correct ? 
  yes but in a very different context . 
  i went to a catholic private school myself and it was basically just a normal school . 
  in the us this often happens in the context of ` get the government away from my children ' and to push some peculiar religious belief system onto them . 
  iirc every sixth school teacher personally beliefs in creationism and many states teach intelligent design next to evolutionary theory . 
  this is a special us problem . 
  good post and i do n't object , but this is not so different in germany either . 
  if you contrast this for example with paris or london which are basically large metropolitan hubs that more or less supplement a marginal rural population . 
  there 's lots of sprawl in germany too , many 50-100k pop cities that have been built around 60s and 70s industry , few high rise etcc . . but they 're not quite lost . 
  if you look at the city in germany that registers the highest density of research it 's not munich or berlin but stuttgart . 
  this is very typical here , in germany much work gets done ` between ' cities and institutions and i think this is due to the things i mentioned before and i also think this is why it can be exported to the us , the cultures are not so different . 
  i mean . . it 's possible that we all live in neo-tokyo in 50 years but until then we need to keep the lights on in these communities . 
  especially in a country like the us that is big on self-reliance and autonomy you ca n't just stomp some metropolis out of the ground like in china . 
  that kind of macro management does not exist in the us . 
  which is another important topic that basically nobody touched upon in the election . 
  just like a discussion about vocational training , connecting people to the workplace and so on these kinds of * real * topics that affect people directly have completely left the discussion . 
  does n't have to be idaho , it 's also east germany or southern italy , the same structural problems everywhere with little attention being directed to them . 
  instead we 're talking about immigrants to no end , as if there 's a giant pile of immigrants somewhere in bumfuck idaho . 
  or trump 's inner city crime talk . 
  what the hell convinced some guy in rural pennsylvania to vote for trump based on this ? 
  read this piece here if you have the time https://backchannel.com/canary-in-the-code-mine-903884eca853#.dlxjov2lc these people are n't a lost cause and this is the kind of stuff you need to do . 
  i would n't either , i think you made a good decision , but given the huge explosion of college debt and lack of well paying employment opportunities i do n't think i 'm just making this problem up either . 
  there 's also simply lots of people with bad or little high school education that will not manage to get a four year degree , or people who have lost their coal or industry job and have a hard time going back to colllege without payment to sustain their family . 
  there needs to be a system in place that gets these people back into the labour market . 
  market participation is something that also has shrunk quite strongly in the us .
