  also people who came here during the start of the conflict and the war are probably legitimate asylum seekers , so effectively the percentage is even higher . 
  do n't kid yourself , we 're hugely influential as far as ecb politics is concerned , monetary easing in the european union should have started way earlier and on a much bigger scale , see usa and the uk . 
  we can not have a single market and not adjust fiscal policies either . 
  politics does n't trump economics , and different fiscal policies lead to friction between european countries . 
  this is true for pretty much all sectors of the economy , no matter if it 's tax policy or wages . 
  you think not being a pacifist means that someone `` wants war '' ? , no it just means that they recognise that some differences on this planet can not be solved through diplomacy and that intervention might be necessary to prevent greater loss of life . 
  this is not the reason for the lefts pacifism anyway . 
  it 's all about alleged ` us hegemony ' and their weird fetish for russia and multi-polar power structures , largely due do their sed past . 
  that the greens are having none of this is the best example for the lefts motivation . 
  the anti-free trade talk is decidedly populist . 
  there 's economic consensus as far as the benefits of free trade are concerned , it 's all just rhetoric to mop up voters on the right . 
  the eurozone is still stagnating , we are at 0.2 % economic growth and have basically no inflation . 
  we are in a currency union , we can not make monetary and fiscal politics for germany alone . 
  we need to spur investment to reduce unemployment in europe , we are still in a crisis . 
  and even germany 's investment alone lacks . 
  we invest less than almost all other oecd nations , return on investment for infrastructure is so high that this will easily pay out . 
  times are n't economically decent as growth in the eurozone has been stagnating for years and inflation is way too low . 
  3 % growth , 2 % inflation would be economically decent . 
  and yes , not investing when you can borrow money for free is idiotic . 
  and before you argue , `` but germany is doing so well !, 
  '' , no it suffers from the same problem and that is n't an argument anyway as we 're part of a single market . 
  moisturise me, 
  foreign policy of die linke is just straight up horrible , and most economic policies are just populist including the anti free trade talk, 
  i 'd rather take black/green than red/red/green , and i 'm saying that as a spd member, 
  then it 's still a fake news agency just like chiropractics is still stupid even if it occasionally works . 
  the methodology is the problem, 
  [ the fucking nsdap got 17 million popular votes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election,_march_1933 ) seems to be an unlucky number, 
  really sad that many people started ranting about the `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' given that ard and zdf are still some of the more important civil institutions in the country . 
  you ca n't trust the public media , but you can obviously trust alex jones in his garage !, 
  what is a well balanced analysis ? 
  if you say the earth is flat and i say it 's round we agree that it 's a cube ? 
  russia is authoritarian as fuck , no two ways about it . 
  yes , ` becoming ' is a fair term . 
  due to the radical democratisation of media ever since the internet kicked off respect towards experts is at an all time low . 
  this goes through all areas , science , journalism , politics . 
  pretty much being a legitimate authority in some field has become an accusation and everyone thinks they can contextualise knowledge because they have access to wikipedia , it 's a disease . 
  [ this is a worthwhile article on the topic ] ( https://medium.com/@resnikoff/phantasmagoria-3beac7fe516d#.8plk93w8i ), 
  i am actually very impressed by the political climate in spain given the bad economic circumstances . 
  if there 's populism in spain it always seems to be pro-european , productive movements . 
  why is this ? 
  are the franco experiences still so ingrained that no far-right movement can gain traction or is this just a cliche ? 
  if by press you mean established newspapers like the times or the economist , yes . 
  but a negligible amount of people reads print media , a majority of voters now gets their news off social media or television . 
  cable news did horribly and is actually one of the biggest contributers to trump 's success , they spent more time on hillary 's bullshit email story than on * all * policy issues combined . 
   bureaucratic monster the whole european union has less bureaucrats working for it than the city of munich , literally . 
  do n't you people get tired of repeating the same nonsensical phrases you hear at the village round-table , or are you really upset that a union of 500 million members requires administration ? 
  nobody likes leaders as soon as they make unpopular decisions , which is basically the only moment at which the leadership is actually relevant . 
  us had this problem for a long time . 
  if you delegate responsibility upwards you might have to do things that you do n't like , that 's how it works . 
  it 's true that the sentiment is strongest among people who only interact with americans on the internet , but i 've actually heard the `` eu is gay , your leaders are weak '' talk in person , and more than once . 
  there 's a surprising amount of people in the us that celebrate machismo and strongman leadership . 
  we 've all seen the election map . 
  i speak of nationalism as the evaluation of the nation state to something mystical or normative that must be defended at all cost at the expense of other nations . 
  china is not really acting like this . 
  they govern in very technocratic fashion . 
  they 'll defend the state when they see it as a tool to stabilise society , they 'll decentralise and experiment around when they think that 's good . 
  see their special economic zones . 
  on the global stage they also largely act in cooperation and support things that tend to be mutually beneficial for a large amount of actors . 
  i do n't think that 's nationalism at all actually , it 's a very pragmatic form of government . 
  if this is fake nationalism i do n't really want to know what actual russian nationalism looks like . 
  honestly in what way is his muscle flexing benefiting russian elites ? 
  putin has provoked sanctions precisely against those people . 
  oligarchs like international relations . 
  thought the same thing , the administration itself is one of the most efficient and effective on the planet , the government is also fairly smart about its activities on the housing market , the urban planning is really impressive . 
  probably suffered from democratic deficits , also that probably should n't be that important in a ranking that tries to evaluate governance itself . 
  i guess many younger people only contrast this with the yeltsin government , which in all fairness was a lot worse as far as corruption is concerned . 
  i do n't actually think the narrative about putin being a kleptocrat is very apt . 
  his rabid nationalism actually has cleaned up the house somewhat , which is why he enjoys so much popularity and pushes nationalism forward . 
  he 's not an oligarch , his policies are n't really favouring business interests . 
  usually when you talk about criminal government or enrichment you also mean dysfunctional government . 
  russian 's government is n't dysfunctional at all . 
  this is way too risky , i do n't really want to the possiblity of either hollande or sarkozy against le pen in the second round . 
  just let juppe through , free win in the general election . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-28/bank-of-russia-said-to-shield-reserves-as-putin-taps-wealth-fund russia has been using central bank measures and tapping wealth funds which have been heavily depleted since 2015 to keep the currency reserves afloat temporarily . 
  if this continues they 're going to have to deal with significant inflation and loss of national savings . 
  they are still running a deficit due to falling oil prices and larger military investment . 
  there 's not a lot of magic involved here , you can compensate foreign reserves by printing money or depleting other funds , but russia 's economy can not indefinitely sustain this . 
  as people have pointed out in the comment chain you 're linking to the cuts are simply disguised by hitting people in the periphery harder . 
  currency reserves are actually tanking if you do n't selectively pick the narrow 2015-16 range , nice try though comrade, 
  if you see angela merkel as an unwanted dictator you need new glasses . 
  what people are you talking to ? 
  apart from the alt-right infested internet cesspool i actually did not get the impression that european 's dislike merkel . 
  talking to people in european countries with a very volatile atmosphere i 've very often heard things along the lines of `` i 'd wish we get a scandal free , moderate government that brings some stability '' . 
  that is probably merkel 's biggest plus , she runs a very clean administration . 
  i have had enough dynamism for a century already , furniture is good . 
  the russian economy is about as large as italy 's and he 's intervening as if he 's trying to build the next empire . 
  he 's overstretching badly and has been for years . 
  currency reserves are tanking and the population has been taking heavy cuts . 
  healthcare budget is supposed to be cut down by 30 % in 2017 . 
  he 's just acting opportunistically , there 's no real point behind his moves apart from staying in power , the chess player meme is really misguided . 
  this is a common sentiment in the general population , but mercurial and unpredictable behaviour is generally a bigger problem between states than aggressive but reliable one . 
  it 's why the cold war stayed cold , it might have seemed like everybody was to nuke anybody else in the next five minutes but it was n't really going to happen , both sides were acting aggressively but rational . 
  this is not a given any more . 
  with hotheads like trump , putin and erdogan around even tiny incidents can escalate , see the airplane stuff months ago . 
  middle eastern dictators should teach everybody a lesson . 
  they can look like best buddies one day and tear each other 's throats out the next, 
  singapore , like vienna have some of the best housing policies out there with the government substantially intervening and creating social housing for all income brackets . 
  if people really want to improve their quality of live and some political change this is what they should focus on in their states and cities . 
  singapore also went a step farther in the 1980 's and introduced ethnic quotas to degroup neighbourhoods who were in the danger of turning into isolated enclaves . 
  probably a little authoritarian by our standards but it 's one of the best functioning multi-ethnic and multi-religious places on earth .
