  or singapore , one of the most multicultural places on the planet , having enshrined it as a founding value . 
  the issue is governance the problem is actually the lack of multiculturalism and judgement based on merit . 
  sure if your whole country works by putting your uncle into an office of power while everybody perpetually rips each other off you end up with the balkan situation . 
  yugoslavia with all its faults was much more functional than this tribalism that the region has going on now . 
  people like to shit on socialism in eastern europe but i think in the case of yugoslavia it was a functional version that is much better than the separatism . 
  there is no reason to equalize them . 
  it 's an historical artifact of a time when agrarian interest groups constituted a large part of the economy and society and people did not think of the united states as an actual nation , but rather as a collection of independent entities who all should more or less have equal say . 
  nowadays this idea is completely ridiculous . 
  most of politically relevant development happens in urban areas , they 're by far the most important economic zones . 
  mobility is much higher . 
  few people actually moved out of a state or across the country in 18xx . 
  politics at one end did n't even realistically effect the other . 
  this is obviously obsolete nowadays as political development sweeps across the whole country in an instant . 
  there 's no way to formally throw a country out of the eu , so that does n't seem likely . 
  well i do n't know about the branches but the german army has faced accusations of being a `` ossifizierte unterschichtenarmee '' ( basically gdr-ified lower class army ) because they 've kind of attraced lots of people with poor job prospects from the new states over the years . 
  especially since the army was professionalized and conscription was removed it has basically become a gathering place for people who do n't know what else to do . 
  ` alternative fact ' is actually more apt because `` lying '' implies that you at least care for the truth . 
  lying is acknowledging that some truth exists and actively subverting it . 
  this new phenomenon is basically denying that truth of any kind exists to begin with . 
  it 's just overloading people with different narratives until they 're so disoriented that you can sell them anything and everything becomes an opinion . 
  misinformation or propaganda also traditionally works top-down through established media channels controlled by some central power , whereas ` fake news ' is largely a tool for disenfranchised extremists organizing outside of the system bottom-up . 
  not everybody cries about refugees 24/7 , she enjoys broad support of the population . 
  reddit 's alt-right is n't actually the real world . 
  merkel 's chances of losing the election are just about zero, 
  greece joined the euro under schr\u00f6der , the cdu was opposed at the time . 
  germany has two legal situations . 
  asylum is guaranteed by the constitution , * but * they changed the law in 199-something so that it only applies to people from neighbouring countries fleeing to germany . 
  so virtually nobody actually applies for constitutional asylum . 
  what they do apply for is the `` asylum-law '' under the refugee convention that you already mentioned . 
  if you 're granted refugee status you can stay indeterminately as well , the main difference is that refugee status is examined every sixth months while asylum , once granted , is definitive . 
  [ this is what this infighting looks like to me ] ( https://xkcd.com/915/ ) and i 'm not even entirely unsympathetic to their beliefs . 
  but this balkanization of the left really needs to stop , it 's so useless . 
  well i have personally heard two people from breaking the silence speak . 
  they 're simply an organisation of ex idf soldiers that report war crimes and the suppression that goes on in the idf . 
  so yes , they are better than alex jones, 
  just google the headline , ft does n't block google referrals . 
  and nope , that output is literally factories in the us, 
  actually no , because that would still require output to drop . 
  that would be the necessary result of outsourced jobs . 
  the 2000 era is simply when large automatisation kicked in . 
  do n't trust me , just read for example : https://www.ft.com/content/dec677c0-b7e6-11e6-ba85-95d1533d9a62  [ ... ] the us did indeed lose about 5.6 m manufacturing jobs between 2000 and 2010 . 
  but according to a study by the center for business and economic research at ball state university , 85 per cent of these jobs losses are actually attributable to technological change largely automation rather than international trade . 
   the think-tank found that although there has been a steep decline in factory jobs , the manufacturing sector has become more productive and industrial output has been growing . [ ... ], 
   [ ... ] this is not to say that trade with china and other countries has not contributed to job losses . 
  research by the ball state university found that 13 per cent of the overall job losses in manufacturing had resulted from trade . 
  another , more recent , mit study estimated that rising chinese imports from 1999 to 2011 cost up to 2.4 m american jobs . 
  of course society is n't ending literally , but it is ending civility in a way . 
  that 's really the whole idea behind the us right to bear arms . 
  in the us this was the old conflict between jeffersonian and hamiltonian society . 
  ( i also think this is a point to bring up because that 's the exact conflict in current us politics still 200 years later ) . 
  the former was all about agricultural society , autonomy , the core family bla bla and hamilton wanted to push a federal , organised , industrial and urban society emulating the uk and many other eu countries . 
  you 're american , you probably know this stuff better than i do . 
  this whole idea to me that you run around with a gun in a civil context is just in principle absurd to me . 
  we 're a society based on trust , not a bunch of lone wolves who randomly happen to occupy the same space . 
  that 's simply incorrect . 
  example us : http://imgur.com/a/0xtds productivity in manufacturing is high and growing , the size of the labour force is shrinking . 
  automatization is the reason for this , because if it was simply a matter of out-sourcing the output would have collapsed too . 
  there 's difference in the literature about the extent to which outsourcing reduces jobs , but iirc the average number most research gives is 10-15 % which is negligible . 
  did the front fall off ? 
  [ some people just can not resist . . ] ( http://imgur.com/a/t8s9u ), 
  well i concede new numbers for the last year , had n't seen them yet and was wrong . 
  still the numbers are far below anything we 've had in the 80 's and 90 's . 
  sorry but that does n't make me panic and i still do n't see the need to give anybody a weapon . 
  higher more police . 
  most of the increase seems to happen in states like nrw which have cut police year after year . 
  murder and homicide in germany have been on steady decline since the 90 's , which is btw true for almost all of the developed countries . 
  sexual assaults have also not increased . 
  of course you have , you 're much smaller countries and things like gang criminality thrive in really big urban regions . 
  the scale of a country like germany makes things more difficult to manage in general . 
  do you think you have less homicides because more people have guns ? 
  like some guy on the street attacks you and you whip out your colt ? 
  you 've simply less criminality in general . 
  if guns would be responsible for this you 'd have no crime in the us at all . 
  they literally have a gun for every citizen , statistically speaking . 
  sure there 's crime . 
  there 's 500 million people in europe obviously there 'll always be crime . 
  that 's not sufficient reason to arm the population . 
  look at heavily armed countries , do they not experience crime ? 
  are less people being robbed or shot in the us because everybody plays cowboy and can defend themselves ? 
  nope , you just get more crime and even more people who should n't run around with a gun . 
  it does n't even help . 
  look at singapore . 
  no fucking crime and nobody has a gun . 
  what you need is public authority and not a stupid people 's militia . 
  well competitiveness here is framed as `` i want to be the best of my class '' which implies direct competition with other pupils . 
  i can only speak anecdotally but the dog-eat-dog `` get ahead and win '' mentality that people usually associate with the us or the uk is n't that big in japan . 
  what would speak for that is that there are a lot of anglo-influenced countries in the top right quartile . 
  well that 's basically the mindset behind this `` everybody has to defend themselves '' logic . 
  it implies that everybody else is out to get you , that you need to build a fence , lock yourself in your house , protect your family against the evil guys trying to steal your shit and so on . 
  if that is what everybody thinks civil society is over . 
  the basic part of the social contract is that you surrender power to authority , the state , and then everybody else can live together socially . 
  you do n't take violence or the law into your own hands . 
  that default mindset is absolutely crappy . 
  of course i depend on the state or larger society if shit hits the fan , that 's what it exists for . 
  i do n't run around being shit scared of being robbed or murdered all the time . 
  that 's not what i think about because 1 . you go nuts if you 're that paranoid 2 . 
  murders are really fucking rare . 
  if you 're that afraid you practically ca n't leave your house let alone get in a car or on a train, 
  you 're still living under the illusion that stranger danger is actually a real thing . 
  when you end up as the victim of crime the most likely perpetrator is somebody you know .
