  the nazi gnosis was nourished by traditionalist , syncretistic , occult elements . 
  the most influential theoretical source of the theories of the new italian right , julius evola , merged the holy grail with the protocols of the elders of zion , alchemy with the holy roman and germanic empire . 
  the very fact that the italian right , in order to show its open-mindedness , recently broadened its syllabus to include works by de maistre , guenon , and gramsci , is a blatant proof of syncretism . 
   if you browse in the shelves that , in american bookstores , are labeled as new age , you can find there even saint augustine who , as far as i know , was not a fascist . 
  but combining saint augustine and stonehenge -- that is a symptom of ur-fascism . 
  all typical of the modern far-right . 
  he 's anti-clerical in the same sense like le pen is , because the orthodox church backs putin and russian traditionalists , and he is pro-lgbt because it functions as ` anti-muslim ' sentiment without having the stink of racism , comparable to geert wilders . 
  this is basically `` pink fascism '' in the style of milo yiannopoulos . 
  using modern aesthetics while transporting reactionary politics . 
  i would n't have brought it up if it was n't representative of navalny overall . 
  he 's used xenophobic slurs repeatedly , has participated in charming movements such as `` stop feeding the caucasus '' . 
  he 's also made interesting statement 's about [ the georgian people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-georgian_sentiment#russia ) . 
   \u0413\u0440\u044b\u0437\u0443\u043d\u044b ( ` grizuny ' ; literally meaning `` rodents '' , a pun with the russian word ` gruziny ' for georgians ) is a russian ethnic slur for georgians . 
  one of those who used this slur was alexei navalny . 
  in 2008 during the russo-georgian war , navalny repeatedly called georgians grizuny and said he very much wanted to strike georgians with cruise missiles . 
  in response to criticism , in 2013 navalny said that he regretted calling georgians rodents but stood by everything else he said at the time . 
   - totally not a right wing . 
  a few days ago i got into a discussion on this subreddit and it ended with someone telling me that navalny at least is not `` a two faced western puppet like putin '' yeah totally not right wing lmao . 
  the guy makes le pen look like a liberal internationalist . 
  but we 've got a long tradition here in the west of replacing mediocre autocrats with rabid extremists so why not continue  also , right-left division is always a mess for modern russia . 
  what you mean by this diplomatic statement is that opposition forces in russia are totally okay aligning themselves with neo-nazis as long as they 're opposing putin . 
  people on reddit seem to generally be confused about this . 
  putin , as bad as he is , is not especially hawkish in the broader context of russian politics . 
  this whole movement is a joke . 
  we 're parliamentary democracies , get your ass into a party and a parliament if you want to participate in politics . 
  i swear to god there is nothing more frustrating than young people wasting their time on this slacktivism . 
   but then what good is that system if we 're just constantly going towards the cliff and that 's the product of democracy ? 
  that 's the product of everything , limping along is the best you can do in a complex world that goes down the shitter every few decades . 
  politics is n't a panacea people 's expectations are skewed , they need to stop believing that there 's an immediate answer to everything . 
  but not full of herself . 
  varoufakis thought he could negotiate half of the european union into the ground single-handedly . 
  he somehow thought that economic insight puts him above the usual mess that is politics . 
  that 's the kind of shitty accelerationism that people abandoned decades ago the world wo n't suddenly crumble if le pen wins and then the left can crawl out of the ashes . 
  that is death cult logic and simply means that the left has no answer to compete with anybody who does n't bring ( in their minds ) the apocalypse . 
  they wo n't get a new system , they 'll simply get an awful government . 
  if this logic was even remotely reasonable brexit would have catapulted corbyn into office , but whoops the tories are close to grab the absolute majority . 
  these things are limited , they 're not uncontrolled . 
  we are a 500 million people continent . 
  two million refugees are not going to make a dent in the population . 
  these demagogic fictions about an overrun continent do n't work if you apply some basic maths . 
  and what 's much more harmful than the idea `` to just roll with it '' , is the idea that you can somehow control the future . 
  you ca n't , there 'll always be crises of many sorts , migration movements just being one of them . 
  what you need to build is a system that can endure or even profit from uncertainty , not some rigid fortress which is essentially a duct-tape like fix . 
  because i want a civil society based on merit , willing to accept both the opportunities and cost that it brings , respecting individual rights . 
  it 's that simple . 
  a modern market economy that is globally connected can not close itself up because people are afraid of uncertainty or conflict . 
  ` burdens ' are n't bad . 
  they 're the necessary result of dynamic systems . 
  ask nature , homogeneity sucks, 
  given the backlash to basic scientific fact or methods in public discourse over the recent years including anti-vaccination , climate science etc. . 
  i 'm not so sure this even holds true . 
  the difference with bridges and airplanes is that the average guy does n't get a say in who builds the bridge or flies the plane , which is probably for the better . 
  hell , most of urban planning is actually done by the administration rather than by vote . 
  imagine people voting on every single housing block , we 'd be living in a dali painting . 
  the big problem genuinely is this egalitarianism that has been eating itself into everything , mainly fuelled by alternative news channels such as social media . 
  the whole wave of `` youtube journalism '' that younger voters are buying into is the same exact story . 
  they do n't need to , they need to learn how the state of law works and they need training . 
  the uk , the us and australia do n't `` assimilate '' either in any cultural sense . 
  multicultural societies function when there is a strong state and strong governance , we do n't need any regression towards tribalism or romantic ` culture ' , we need functional and strong institutions . 
  and no , not letting these people in was not a solution . 
  that 's a denial of the problem . 
  i 'm rude because that 's a seriously wacky claim . 
  veggie days on universities or some gender nonsense do n't amount to authoritarianism . 
  it 's just child 's play and university politics that gets brought up on the internet every day . 
  there are no university racial segregations in europe , and the rest is irrelevant crap . 
  you feel opressed because of gender pronouns ? 
  yes , but i also leave my house occasionally and have figured out that kids on 4chan complaining about `` social justice warriors '' is n't how the world actually works, 
  well not really . 
  liberal interventionism is usually limited to areas in which there are threats to the public health or the commons , say environmental concerns or whatever , but they 're not in the business of dictating you any cultural values . 
  maybe equal treatment under the law and basic constitutional anti-discriminatory policies , but that 's about it . 
  but reaching into your cultural life or your religious values , your language ? 
  that 's not something liberals are concerned with . 
  it 's a symptom of a common conservative sentimentality , which is to command values from above , which has never really worked but it makes for a nice fantasy i guess . 
  i mean , we 're living in age of deep structural , global changes and de maizi\u00e8re comes swooping in with his manufactured list of points , the man truly is a bureaucratic robot, 
   it 's a conservative thing , that 's it . 
  it 's a conservative meme . 
  it 's the conservative version of throwing `` class struggle '' into a left-wing discussion . 
  it 's a concept that does n't actually help in any meaningful way but will provoke cheers from the like-minded . 
  nah , orban is an opportunist who says whatever keeps him in power . 
  this is right-wing populism at the moment , but remember his liberal streak in the early 90s . 
  erdogan and putin are much bigger ideologues . 
  this is a very relevant article : https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/hungarian-polish-nationalist-axis-by-slawomir-sierakowski-2016-09, 
  also the toll is such a stupid idea that i could n't wing a defense a either lol, 
  well , what can i say they do exist . 
  antifa activity is only exclusively a student thing in the modern anglo world where socialism either was or is n't relevant . 
  in france , germany and so on there 's plenty of union workers involved in radical left activities . 
  also the red guard comparison is facetious for the reason alone that no western antifa organisation has the state on their side . 
  they 're pretty much exclusively anarchists nowadays anyway . 
  there 's very few orthodox marxist-ish types among them i mean this is a mccarthy level comparison , when did you last see someone waving mao 's red little book around . 
  sure but the point is simply that this kind of arguing is myopic and manipulative . 
  it 's like showing a picture of mauled birds to argue against green energy or arguing against research by showing animals in a cage , or by making racist arguments by using pictures of scary bearded man or something . 
  it purposely draws attention to the situation itself rather than shedding light on the motivations or implications . 
  we should just do one year of news without pictures in my opinion paul bloom published a [ very relevant book concerning this ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/video/index/474588/why-empathy-is-a-bad-thing/ ) last year . 
  what is this , * diversity * for diversity 's sake is now an argument of the alt-right ? 
  have we come full circle ? 
  it 's not really out of the ordinary either , nationalist movements have a habit of opportunistically supporting other nationalist parties before they eventually end up devouring themselves . 
  even extreme forms such as fascist regimes adopted the left-wing idea of the working class vanguard and international cooperation with other fascist regimes . 
  contradictions are n't really new on that side of the political spectrum . 
  well kind of . 
  in germany it 's been a conservative tactic quite often .
