we have this great new invention called a backpack over here . 
  and most of the respondents in this thread still think whatever they do today is exactly what people were doing 30 years ago . 
  yeah , because the world did n't exist before you were born . 
  right , snowflake ? 
  see , we did n't * carry * backpacks in school when i was a kid . 
  even my own kids did n't carry one in the '70s & '80s . 
  to do so would have marked you as a complete dork . 
  got it ? 
  and we had water fountains in the school . 
  and there were no plastic bottles . 
  and no , we did n't have electronic tablets for taking notes , either . 
  we used an actual pencil with an actual paper notebook . 
  which is also why kids today no longer know how to write longhand and have to print everything -- a complaint i hear from younger relatives all the time , who do n't think they should have to learn `` old-fashioned '' stuff . '', 
  so stop telling me how ** advanced ** you all are , all right ? 
   but you are allowed to bring them into class in germany ? 
  how would * i * know ? 
  i 'm in the u.s. -- though i lived in europe in the 1950s , before the plastic water bottle was invented . 
  but how fancy the container is has nothing to do with banning food and drink in classrooms here . 
  everyone in this discussion seems to think that plastic water bottles have been around for centuries . 
  and according to my middle-school granddaughter , no water bottles ( nor any other food or drink ) are allowed in class . 
   cup their hands under the faucet how many kids carry around a hand towel with them ? 
  or do they just wipe their hands on their shirt ? 
  not to mention having your hands full of books and stuff in school . 
  ** [ `` bubbler '' - type water fountains ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drinking_fountain#/media/file:drinkingfountaintoronto2.jpg ) ** were invented in the late 19th century and are pretty standard in virtually all u.s. school buildings built at least since world war ii . 
  ( i know my school had them in 1948 , when i was in first grade in san diego . ), 
  most office buildings , public libraries , hospitals , and similar facilities have them , too , often adjacent to the elevators . 
  public parks of any size tend to have them , but ** [ in a pedestal shape ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drinking_fountain#/media/file:bubbler.jpg ) ** ( and often made of cement rather than metal ) . 
  and i 've never seen an indoor shopping mall that did n't have a drinking fountain near the public restrooms . 
  they 're just part of the background of everyday life in this country that no one ever notices or thinks about . 
  you must not have kids . 
  i 've never seen a child who could manage to drink from a vertical faucet * without * touching it with his mouth . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  really ? 
  yeah , it 's nice to know that european kids are so much more evolved than american ones . 
  or else you 're all under voting age . 
  go do your homework . 
  i remember , traveling in france as a kid in the pre-plastic-water-bottle '50s , having to stick my face under the tap in a town square . 
  usually managed to soak the whole front of my shirt . 
   in scools you just drink directly from tap . 
  which is a * great * way to pass on germs . 
  which is the whole point of a `` bubbler . '', 
  much more hygienic , in theory . 
  except now it 's been discovered that water fountains * also * breed germs , so you 're screwed either way . 
   even in schools they 're a bit old fashioned now so what do you use as a replacement when you 're thirsty between classes ? 
  bottled water ? 
  they mostly were n't arrested -- often because they were protected by postwar governments . 
  so they mostly were assassinated over a period of time . 
  revenge , not `` justice '' -- but close enough in the circumstances . 
  sometimes legality is a luxury . 
  not often , but sometimes . 
  i do n't even know what you 're talking about . 
  the first person in each of my various ancestral lines to land in north america was an immigrant . 
  they crossed the ocean and never went back . 
  and i 'm not aware that any of them hated their birth-land . 
  they almost always came here because they had to . 
  it was their best option . 
  my irish immigrant 4g-grandfather hated the english for making him choose between leaving and starving in the 1830s , but he loved ireland all his life . 
  my french ancestors were huguenots who were driven out of their country by the catholic church and settled in london , but maintained a long tradition of what it meant to be `` french . '', 
  the one who crossed the atlantic a couple generations later brought that feeling of continuity with him ; there are still a lot of traditional french given names in my family , after more than two centuries . 
  and on and on . 
  europeans who have moved to america for political , or religious , or economic reasons have mostly worked at adapting to their new circumstances -- remaking themselves into `` americans '' -- but that does n't mean they completely rejected their roots . 
  except for the indians ( who were very badly done by , yes ) , we 're * all * immigrants here . 
  and do n't let trump and his followers tell you different . 
   you are no different than nazis , do n't ever forget that . 
  go fuck yourself with a swastika . 
   then again , as an american , do n't you have countries to invade and spread starbucks and mcdonald 's freedoms ? 
  and where was your family during ww ii ? 
  would you prefer the u.s. had declined to get involved in the european war ? 
  hitler never attacked * us , * right ? 
  but organized warfare between countries has nothing in common with the attempted extermination by the people of a country of their fellow citizens who are `` different . '', 
  that 's why it 's regarded as a war crime . 
  do n't all christians descend from converts ? 
   of course the people who immigrate to america will trashhtalk their former countries . 
  do you expect otherwise ? 
  are you saying this is a universal ? 
  because that 's absolutely not the case with most immigrants to america . 
  my background is english / irish / french / dutch / swedish and there are loads of sentimental traditions in my family involving nostalgia for the olde country . 
   why they choosed this country ? 
  historical migration is n't a matter of individual choice . 
  and circumstances change over time . 
  why did the residents of the baltic states stay there after the soviets moved in ? 
  they all could have packed up and crossed to scandinavia , right ? 
  did the jews in eastern europe not have the right to live there as much as anyone else ? 
  after 1,500 years or so ? 
   how big percentage of poland population is the ` they ' ? 
  are you saying murdering jews is acceptable as long as it did n't involve more than a certain percentage of poles ? 
  it was a matter of whole villages turning out , similar to that lithuanian picture i linked to . 
  not an occasional one-on-one dispute where the victim happened to be jewish , okay ? 
  these were n't random muggings . 
  it was a systematic attempt to eradicate the jewish people . 
  russia has been doing it , too , for a thousand years , with the blessing of the czars and the orthodox church , and then of the commissars . 
  poland , ukraine , and the various `` stans '' have n't been far behind . 
  twenty centuries of this is the principal reason israel is so hard-line . 
  they have a lot of fighting-back to catch up on . 
  those people were on the main hit list all through the '50s & '60s . 
  they 're thoroughly hated and certainly have n't been forgotten . 
  i 'm not talking about israel . 
  israel is a modern political phenomenon . 
  i 'm talking about the treatment of `` native '' jews -- those who lived in eastern europe for many centuries , only to be slaughtered by their christian ( i.e. , catholic ) neighbors when the opportunity arose . 
  nor did i say it happened everywhere .
