i 'm waiting for the first people who somehow find a way to blame germany for this . 
  ** edit ** : jesus people , lighten up , i do n't have paranoia or any sort of complex . 
  it was meant as a light hearted joke since germany does n't have the best of reputations at the moment within this sub . 
  clearly i failed , sorry if i somehow made any of you uncomfortable with my comment . 
  this was n't my intention at all . 
  nah , you are more like the rough on the outside grandma next door . 
  you like to complain and shout a lot at us kids playing in the streets , but every once in a while you give us a cookie and a lemonade and we know you still like us :p, 
  it will also be renamed in greece and from now on only be known as sch\u00e4uble day . 
  also as part of the bailout deal people now will have to work on sch\u00e4uble day and pay 200 % taxes on money earned on sch\u00e4uble day . 
  from the bottom of my heart , thank you . 
  ordnung is once more restored and i can go back to my daily obligations of killing puppy 's and stealing candy from children . 
  now , now young man . 
  can you stop being all reasonable and logical here ? 
  as a german i feel your lack of hate disturbing and demand you stop with this truth rubbish at once and call me a nazi so things can go back to the way they are supposed to be on reddit . 
  thats such a horseshit story . 
  what should she have done ? 
  write her a german citizenship certificate on a dirty napkin ? 
  yes of course this story , and thousands of similar ones , is horrible but what could merkel realistically have done ? 
  personally i think she handled it pretty well . 
  yes , but we are n't doing that , at all . 
  we do another useless program just to realise in two years that greece needs another 200 billion . 
  i would have no problem whatsoever with my government actually helping them , with a huge haircut for example . 
  but what we are doing now , and did for the past years , is simply throwing money into a black pit without any hope of ever filling it . 
  and that 's not even a rant against greece , i would love to help them , its just the truth . 
  the `` help '' simply is n't helping . 
  all we do at the moment is take money from richer countries and throw it away . 
  if that money actually would help anybody that would be cool with me , but it simply does n't , at least not the way we did it so far . 
  goddamn it mr. dimitri kamennos ( or whatever ) - get your shit together already . 
  the funniest part is that people claim the euro was some kind of sinister plan by the germans all along to gain control of europe , while actually we were forced into the euro by france for their yes to the german unification . 
  it 's also like romania pulled the plug in time and never brought _ themselfes _ into a situation where a foreign institution _ had _ to step in . 
  it 's also like romania actually fights for that future and gets down to work to get it done , unlike some countries . 
  well i do n't know , soft power has not much to do with a countries actual power . 
  of course china is a lot more powerful than austria , germany or the uk , but in regards to soft power i can believe that list . 
  not sure why people ca n't understand this . 
  every other country in the ez is a democracy as well . 
  to keep your analogy , yes , the greeks voted to not have that dildo shoved up their ass further , but then their own pm forced them to . 
  it 's not the job of any other ez member to respect a greek referendum , but the job of the greek government . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  greece can have all the democracy they want . 
  make a referendum about a grexit and if greece votes yes the eu ca n't really stop them . 
  but you ca n't make a referendum in a country and then expect 18 other countries , who also are democracies , to agree . 
  if anything the whole process was extremely democratic , the one guy had to do what the other 18 wanted . 
  it only is germans because it is so easy to demonize us which helps a lot of people in their argument . 
  if you actually listen to people you will see that the dutch , the fins , the french , the austrian , the portugese and most other euro zone members have exactly the same stance as germany . 
  but of course it is easier to point at germany and say `` marshall plan , ww2 , nazi scum '' . 
  it would be much harder to villify portugese people , so nobody speaks of them . 
  if you think only germany has a problem with greece then you are sorely mistaken . 
  why would they put their ultimatum in a greek bank ? 
  that is actually 100 % democratic . 
  18 other guys want something and 1 guys does n't want it . 
  so the vote is 18 to 1 . 
  i respect the greek referendum , they invented democracy and it 's their bloody right to decide what they want to do . 
  but it stops within their own borders , their referendum means jackshit for the people of spain , portugal , germany , the netherlands and so on , those people as well have the right to decide for themselfes . 
  well sorry , i 'm not a member of our government and quite honestly i have no desire to see greece hit rockbottom . 
  i would be fine with my government helping them . 
  all i 'm saying is that i completely understand why people have trouble trusting in anything a greek politician tells them . 
  i do n't think that is a far fetched statement . 
  the problem is that nobody trusts greece anymore . 
  the proposal in itself is n't bad in theory , but it would require the creditor nations to believe that greece would actually use those ten years to reform their country , which most likely nobody does . 
  man , i could go for a waffle . 
  because their pm told them that they voted for a better negotation position for greece . 
  at the moment that is a purely speculative assumption , but if you look at the current state of greece it is easy to understand why the average voter would grasp at every straw if it means having at least some hope . 
  add a bit of populist rhetorik to the mix and you have your `` no '' vote . 
  people under distress seldomly vote for reason , they vote for hope . 
  just look at the patriot act in your country , i doubt this would have passed if it was n't for the general mood after 9/11 . 
  if you had to do it today my guess would be people would n't really like it , but right after 9/11 when people were afraid it probably sounded pretty good . 
  or take the most extreme example in my country , hitler . 
  it was n't like my ancestors voted _ for _ war and killing millions of people , they were at the limit of what they could take and hitler offered them hope of things getting better . 
  as a german i can assure you that i am not waiting for , nor looking forward to anybody getting crushed . 
  it 's easy to point at former greek governments and find a lot of flaws , but in the end and all politics aside we are still speaking about a country full of regular people , and i have no desire whatsoever to see the average joe in greece getting crushed whatsoever . 
  wow , cool dude . 
  `` hey guys , i put you in a terrible situation and ran my mouth for fun , now that shit gets real i 'd rather chill in my villa and write another book , gl '' . 
  yes , but that is only one little facette of being in charge of your country . 
  i would just have loved to see them actually do their job , over a period of years . 
  can they talk , sure . 
  are they good negotiators ? 
  this is still to be seen in the next few days / weeks . 
  maybe they will get an awesome deal out of this , maybe they will just ruin their country , we do n't know yet . 
  and we sure do n't know if they would be good in the regular government business . 
  what reforms would they do , which problems would they tackle how , which new problems would they create maybe and so on . 
  i do n't know yet . 
  i tend to think like you but the thing is so far he did n't have to actually do much . 
  his job so far was very onedimensional , he had to negotiate with the creditors . 
  i would have loved for everybody to find a solution and for syriza to actually do work for a few years . 
  so far i have no idea if europe would really be a better place or if he would turn out to be a completely delusional far left politician who would ruin his country . 
  yeah , i understand your point , it 's not much different in germany unfortunately . 
  why do you think this is such a bad thing ? 
  is n't this what democracy is all about in the end ? 
  just because you and i do n't agree with them does n't mean we should ignore their voice . 
  let them voice their opinion and afterwards we can still ridicule them , 
  well , this will be fun . 
  as a disclaimer , the opinions of the typical bild reader are not those of the german people in general . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  in theory i agree with you and i think the best thing for everybody would be a fiscal transfer union anyway . 
  _ but _ , and that 's the huge problem , this is n't possible without having a common european government and common laws regarding taxes and crap first . 
  in the current situation all that would happen to spain and portugal if they stopped the austerity programs is for them to default as well . 
  is austerity the solution for everything ? 
  probably not , but it might be the lesser of two evils and maybe that 's the best we can ask for as long as we ca n't get our shit together and become a _ real _ united europe . 
  to be fair , this is n't a simple `` go get to the truth '' task . 
  it 's about politics , international relations and the german government most likely having an agenda .
