  who knows if he really failed his task , or if he was told to tell everyone that he failed . 
  correct , and that other thing is most likely the fear of portugal , spain and italy following the greek example and leaving their current austerity programs as well . 
  according to the leaks of the nsa sch\u00e4uble was the only one in the german government in favor of a further haircut of the greek debt . 
  goddamn it , i hate it when constitutions , freedom and human rights get in the way of a just punishment , 
  i saw the speech before , as well as many others of mr. varoufakis and i do not disagree _ at all _ with it . 
  that is partly because obviously it is just reasonable and logical and partly because this is such a broad statement that it would be very hard to disagree with it in the first place . 
  but the problem is that it also takes some level of trust from the creditor countries , which is hard to come by judging by the past years . 
  sure , growth is important , but then in turn it is also important what you do with that growth . 
  growth alone does n't pay back debt , it only does if it does n't get lost in a pool of tax evasion , nepotism and corrupcy , which are the core problems of greece and which to this very day have not been dealt with in any significance . 
  so while his proposal is completely reasonable it also is pretty hard for the creditors to trust in its viability , not because its a bad proposal but because of the one making it having a very bad track record . 
  well yeah , but the thing is we need a viable change for both sides . 
  good . 
  take them , never let them out again and make them watch baseball every day . 
  i 'm not being myopic at all . 
  like you said , we do n't know what will happen . 
  there are a lot of arguments both for letting greece default and for not letting it happen . 
  on both sides we have doomsayers and judging by history doomsayers mostly are full of crap . 
  just to give you an example . 
  there are people who say that if we do n't let greece default it will be the beginning of countries like spain and italy voting for far left parties as well , because obviously their people would want in on the sweet deal of unlimited money . 
  if this should happen we would have two heavyweights being in danger of defaulting and that would have a lot more chances of getting the eu in trouble . 
  i 'm not saying letting greece default is the right thing to do , im neither saying saving them is , both sides bear risks , and nobody knows whats the right thing to do . 
  right . 
  could you please enlighten me in which way europe will suffer ? 
  pretty much this . 
  everybody rages at the usa because they got caught , but it 's a joke to think that germany is the innocent victim here . 
  even within the eu itself i would n't be surprised if germany spied on italy , spain , france and so on and vice versa . 
  well , i completely understand that this is a tough one to solve . 
  but this is obviously a huge problem for the creditors . 
  imagine a world in which a greek politician could sit down at the table and tell the creditor countries `` hey guys , i managed to reduce tax evasion by 60 % - i just need more time to get the rest done '' . 
  now thats a situation where the creditors could show a lot of good will . 
  yeah , and they also have the problem that it 's really tough for them to buy any more good will . 
  if they actually had tackled some of their core problems in the past 5 years , like corruption , nepotism and tax evasion it would be a lot easier for the creditors to find room to change their mind . 
  but since the opposite happened they seem to feel the need to strenghten their grip more and more . 
  it really is a terrible situation brought to us by failed actions on both sides and unfortunately the ones who suffer for it are the greek people . 
  true , i think he would be much better suited for an advisory position , where an actual politician can filter his idea 's and only use those that would actually work in a political setting . 
  in my guess it is like always when two extreme opinions get pushed , the truth is somewhere in between . 
  europe is caught up in a situation where the creditors are too stubborn to change their opinions and greece not being able to get their shit together . 
  unfortunately in this case the creditors hold a full house while greece sits there with a busted straight draw . 
  a common thing for highly intelligent people to do . 
  i have no doubt in my mind that varoufakis is a brilliant man , but while he is highly intelligent he seems to completely lack any sense for reality . 
  his mind does n't seem to be capable of understanding that the reality is different from `` what should happen if i do action x '' . 
  to be fair there is n't much she can do other than to dismiss it . 
  first of all the offer tsipras want to compromise on is gone . 
  she ca n't accept it and neither can anybody else because it is n't there anymore . 
  she , and every other european leader , could talk about a esm program with tsipras , but for that to happen every single other eurozone country first would have to ask their parliament for a vote on this topic . 
  this will take time and every single eurozone country has to vote yes , which i would n't bet a cent on to happen . 
  and then there is still the referendum , merkel ca n't do anything as long as the referendum is n't over . 
  i do n't think tspiras would be qualified to run my local 84 member football club . 
  why on earth would the eurozone collapse ? 
  and why would you even wish for it ? 
  if this would ever happen the world would burn as the eurozone would take everybody with it . 
  and why would you wish regular greek people to starve to death for the sins of their politicians ? 
  yes , more smoke and mirrors , exactly what greece needs . 
  those guys are really acing it . 
  oh no , there wo n't be another efsf loan . 
  that program has ended . 
  now what they can apply for is a esm program . 
  but for that to happen the parliament of each euro zone country has to vote for it , which might be pretty hard considering that tsipras burned a lot of bridges . 
  wow , after the demolition of our u21 team i thought for sure that portugal would take this . 
  gratz to sweden though . 
  the referendum means absolutely nothing and everything at the same time . 
  it is nothing but a chip for tsipras to play with . 
  it is about an offer that is not even on the table anymore . 
  so in essence it really is about absolutely nothing . 
  no matter how the referendum ends tsipras will have the chance to interpret the result in whatever way he wants / needs to do his next step . 
  all this talk about no means grexit and yes means tsipras will resign is nothing but speculation . 
  it will mean whatever tsipras wants it to mean . 
  that 's hardly news , the debt of greek is spread accross the other euro countries . 
  in case of bankrupcy every country will have to pay for their share of the pie . 
  it 's funny , no matter on which side of the fence you are on in this whole thing , whether you are greek , want to help greece or want to see it burn the one thing that unites the people of europe is their shared hate for those clowns in brussels . 
  the tragedy is that i would very much prefer a solution that actually helps greece , but judging from the things we actually know ( and i 'm sure that we do n't know about everything happening at those meetings ) i ca n't even begin to imagine how ridiculous it has to be to actually try and have a serious conversation with those guys , let alone try to make any sort of agreement . 
  i feel like in the middle of a tv show right before the final episode . 
  no clue how this will end . 
  either tsipras will turn out to be the most genious politician in history or he will turn out to be a mad man without any regard for his people or country . 
  actually made me laugh , thanks for that , 
  i do n't think there is even a choice in that matter to be honest . 
  merkel just said she ca n't do anything before the referendum was held , which sounds logical to me . 
  there is no point in deciding anything as long as the people of greece have n't even decided . 
  yeah , he will probably get it through parliament , but in order for the esm to do something all the other countries would have to get it through their parliament as well . 
  good luck with that . 
  they ca n't turn it down immediately , it 's a proposal from a fellow eu memberstate , as per protocol they _ have _ to discuss it . 
  it 's important to note that the esm is entirely different than the esfs . 
  in order for them to get aid from the esm most eu countries need to ask their parliament to agree , at least that 's how it would be for germany as far as i know . 
  so it might be very difficult for those countries if they look at the history and especially the negotiation `` tactics '' of tsipras . 
  as far as i know it is not possible to throw anybody out of europe or the euro . 
  if it comes to a greek default they would have to first leave the eu in order to then leave the euro , but i am pretty sure there would be made some sort of deal that they immediately can rejoin the eu , so them leaving the eu would be pretty much only symbolic to follow regulations . 
  well , it 's a bit of both your statements . 
  corruption of course is n't only a greek problem , it 's a human problem . 
  of course germany has corrupt individuals as well and as always it 's usually the richer people are / the more power they have the more corrupt they seem to be . 
  but it 's a very small amount of people and they act extremely hidden . 
  everybody who gets actually caught gets publicly crucified , and it does n't affect normal life at all . 
  you will never come across a government employee who openly asks for a bribe for example . 
  i 'd say germany is in the top 5 regarding a clean and fair country . 
  we are n't perfect though of course and we have our problems like everybody else . 
  at this point in time you ca n't possibly expect the broad greek population to make a cool headed reasonable decision . 
  they are the ones who suffered for years now , they are the ones who constantly have been lied to by their own government and they are the ones paying for their former politicians sins . 
  desperate people do n't vote for reason , they vote for hope . 
  when germany elected hitler we did n't vote for war , we voted for jobs , for something to eat and for hope . 
  ( obviously i 'm not trying to compare syriza with hitler , i 'm just saying no one is save from making bad choices when he is desperate enough and somebody offers hope ) . 
  see , the last sentence is pretty much the core problem with greece .
