  the german gov ' t has already estimated costs of [ 50 billion euros ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12135244/migrant-crisis-to-cost-germany-50-billion-by-2017.html ) to look after all the refugees they have * now * for the next two years . 
  what will happen when one million turns into two million , three million , more ? 
  if germany wrecks its own finances trying to feed and house over a million people in a couple of short years , it will hurt the whole of europe . 
  all she would have to do is close germany 's southern borders . 
  then everyone else on the path to germany would close theirs too for fear of getting hundreds of thousands of angry migrants stuck in their country . 
  why would there be less rather than more ? 
  it 'll be at least as many as last year , probably more . 
  even if the borders are closed . 
  small police forces and fences ca n't keep out millions of determined migrants . 
  `` just checking into / r/europe , want to make sure they 're not squandering all that freedom we gave 'em ! '', 
  i love you america , but you do n't belong in this thread . 
  our real ale game is strong too . 
  nothing as good as belgium , but we 're prolly 2nd best in europe for it . 
  goddamnit france , can you at least move to the other side of europe instead of sitting right next to us reeking of sophistication all the time ? 
  making us look like troglodytes over here . 
  it 's more like insisting that somebody live up to their promises when they are clearly incapable of doing so . 
  greece is politically and economically crippled right now . 
  perhaps if they all spoke european languages before they came , they would see through the lies they are told before making the journey . 
  the number of people who seem disappointed by what they find in central europe indicates that there is a lot of misinformation flying around . 
  i think greece is basically incapable of sorting this out at the minute . 
  the money would be better spent doing an expanded version of the mare nostrum operation . 
  nobody fucks with manitowoc county sheriffs department and gets away with it - not even a dutchman in spain . 
  dude . 
  your references are out of control , everyone knows that . 
  they 're called ` little people ' you insensitive dolt !, 
  ** tldr : ** `` we , the people want a superstate , just not a superstate run by those mean old germans . 
  something something democracy ! '', 
  definitely a step in the right direction . 
  will take some strong arm tactics and bribery to convince the maghreb countries to take them back though . 
   ' a critical review of expenditure is required to avoid new debt , ' spending cuts !, 
  also , that this is an estimate based solely on the migrants who are already there ... 
  because most scandinavians already speak fluent english , not out of any snobbery . 
  that is interesting . 
  but also tragic for sweden 's future . 
  i reckon we 'll see a big drain of young swedish people to countries like the uk , us , canada , australia and nz as this gets worse . 
  forced to migrate due to the effects of rampant migration ... 
  i do n't think that would work . 
  someone would form a islamist sharia law party and hijack a good percentage of these newly arrived voters . 
  i was thinking afghanis who were already in russia on a visa . 
  i think it 's more likely the case that a lot of afghanis and others living in russia did n't think they had a shot at claiming asylum in finland until the media started focusing on it . 
  my dad came from a very working class background and managed to get into a grammar school . 
  i honestly think that if it had n't existed , his future and my upbringing would have been a lot bleaker . 
  grammar schools were a great example of how meritocracy can function in society by giving gifted people a leg-up early on . 
  my stepmother is a primary school teacher here in north yorkshire and from what i can see , the problem starts very early on in a child 's education . 
  i can only speak for this one school , but it 's pretty damning . 
  stepmum teaches a class of 30-odd kids , aged 6-7 , some of whom barely speak english because they are from foreign backgrounds and were n't taught it at home . 
  six of the kids are diagnosed with behavioral problems . 
  my stepmother gets a teaching assistant on certain days of the week , but receives no additional support aside from that . 
  on top of her regular teaching work , the kids are tested frequently to determine their reading , writing and arithmatic skills , and though most of them are well below the national standard , each teacher is expected to get them there by the end of the school year . 
  they do n't , and the kids then get moved up to the next year group in september , still way below where they should be . 
  this is mainly because of how thinly stretched each teacher is : the capable and willing kids do n't get the attention they need because the teacher is forced to focus on the kids who need lots of attention , and obviously plenty of the kids are disruptive . 
  nobody gets what they are supposed to be getting . 
  the school management is all about results , they do n't care about the teachers or the teaching environment . 
  the headmistress regularly comes to sit in on lessons and rags on teachers to get their kids whipped into shape , in spite of the fact she seemingly can not offer them any actual assistance . 
  it honestly looks like a terrible working environment from the outside and i 'm not at all surprised that kids can make it to 16 and be barely literate . 
  the system seems to be fucked from bottom to top . 
  mate , there will come a time , quite soon , when 250 thousand migrants a year will be regarded as a delightful handjob in the park . 
  get ready for a few million in 2016 alone . 
   police found 9mm bullet casings but despite sending in scores of ant-riot officers overnight , no weapons . 
  those pistols went up some asses . 
  itt : dick measuring contest breaks out between the major european powers, 
  not too radical or unrelatable - logical . 
  if the problem is n't solved by the moderates or the left , the right wing will gain popular support . 
  it 's very possible we could sleepwalk into doing bad things in the name of the common good . 
  from the username to the stereotypical rude yank use of `` pal '' , this is achingly ironic . 
  well played , herr . 
  i think if the eu got ten crisis-free years , the political will for an ever-closer union would manifest abundantly . 
  but there are ongoing financial and refugee crises that affect different parts of the eu differently . 
  my reading of the situation is that the eu 's future rests on how it handles these things . 
  your argument boils down to this :  `` the powers not delegated to the united states by the constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . '', 
  whilst that was true at the establishment of the united states , that clause has been eroded by two centuries of heavy handed interpretation of the u.s. constitution 's supremacy clause by the supreme court . 
  the current situation is this :  a state statute is void to the extent that it actually conflicts with a valid federal statute . 
  in effect , this means that a state law will be found to violate the supremacy clause when either of the following two conditions ( or both ) exist :  1 . 
  compliance with both the federal and state laws is impossible  2 . 
  state law stands as an obstacle to the accomplishment and execution of the full purposes and objectives of congress the federal government can and does pass any bill it wants to and imposes it upon the states , where it does n't interfere with things guaranteed in the constitution . 
  it has been known to violate those rights if the perceived need is there and it can be sneaky in its wording . 
  how about the patriot and usa freedom acts ? 
  how about executive order no . 
  the us was * designed * to be a union of strong states with a weak federal government . 
  44 president 's later , it has become a union of weak states with a strong federal government . 
  true of the original 13 colonies , but the central government preexists all other states incorporated thereafter . 
  also they are not sovereign ( look it up ) , but are in fact subject to the federal government 's will with limited freedoms accorded them by the constitution . 
  fair enough . 
  was just pointing out that the states has its fair share of problems between individual states and the federal government . 
  it was n't most of europe , rather the culturally germanic parts , so it was ethnically and culturally homogenous in a way that the eu is n't . 
  also , not convinced a feudal monarchy is such a great model for europe 's future . 
  sounds like you 're suggesting we reestablish the holy roman empire ? 
  differing regional interests and resentment of federal authority can still be a problem though . 
  the usa had to fight a civil war when the south became too alienated from the federal gov ` t. 
  and texas still makes occasional secession threats to this day . 
  i think it creates pressure for change in the form of further integration or partial disintegration since the current system has proven so shoddy . 
  but of course , whichever one looks like the better option depends on your perspective . 
  smaller regional unions are also a potential option . 
  i just think europe is too disparate in terms of cultures and interests for it to work . 
  it 's an argument for intolerance towards islamic culture on the grounds that said culture materially impoverishes its adherants . 
  [ merkel and others will cry treason and try to force the issue through the european court system . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/refugee-crisis-warnings-to-eastern-eu-nations-from-germany-austria/a-18929365 ) stay strong poland !, 
  it 's early days yet . 
  i think attitudes will harden considerably once the headlong rush begins in spring . 
  giving refugees the exact same level of care and attention they received in turkey would be a good start in reducing the numbers who come here .
