similar situation to threatening to cut off a dependant child unless they accede to your demands . 
  from one perspective it 's patronising . 
  other perspective is that no one is forcing the afghans to accept conditions in exchange for money . 
  on a societal level , islamism hovers somewhere between diabetes and household fires in terms of the existential threat it poses to the western world . 
  though tragic when it strikes , islamic terrorism is nothing more than the violent protests of societies most contemptible losers - let 's not validate or glamorise this pathetic struggle of theirs by terming it a war . 
  the best reaction europe can make to these sort of attacks is to mourn , beef up our intelligence and police cooperation and then simply get on with our lives . 
  ah well , keeps it somewhat exclusive i guess . 
  you sound like someone with a strong work ethic to me . 
  i definitely would never work again if i came into a few billion euros . 
  hell , if i won even 20,000 euros that would be me quitting my job and not working again until i 'd spent the 20k . 
  ha , i was referring to the oxford/cambridge divide within the british elite , not the wealth divide . 
  although i 'm sure there are plenty of people at the university of cambridge who would agree that oxford students are chavs :p, 
  you have just earned the love of roughly half the british elite for saying that . 
  undying emnity from the other half though . 
  unique architecture with the flint buildings , the canals are pleasant , a well-preserved castle in the centre , a really nice bar and cafe scene too , easy access to beautiful rural areas and rugged coastlines nearby . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  because swedes have one of the best education systems in the world which in turns leads to a highly competitive work sector capable of paying the enormous tax burden which finances said welfare system . 
  people who have been through the syrian education system by and large are n't capable of competing with swedes for jobs . 
  not because they are stupid or lazy , but simply because they are n't as well educated . 
  pile generous wages and a generous welfare system on top of that . 
  no incentive for swedish employers to hire syrians over swedes for even the lowest paying jobs and no incentive for the syrians to chase the lowest paying jobs . 
  and syrians are n't a race , they are a nationality . 
  so if you 're accusing me of being prejudiced against syrians , you 're be accusing me of xenophobia , not racism ... 
  please do n't accuse me of making xenophobic remarks when i clearly did n't . 
  i stated that sweden 's generous welfare system provides little incentive to work , not that syrians were too lazy to work . 
  unless you had a strong work ethic beaten into you as a child , there 's simply no point in working unless it earns you substantially more than claiming welfare . 
  sweden will definitely have to curtail their generosity . 
  even then , its hard to see how they will integrate millions of low skill workers into an advanced service economy . 
  it 's true , we 're drunken animals . 
  best way to interact with a british person visiting your country is to snatch the drink from their hand whilst screaming `` you do n't need this , i believe in you '' in your own language . 
  similarly , turkey does not recognise iraqis as refugees either . 
  they will only accommodate syrians who wish to be accommodated , everyone else will be shunted off . 
  `` here 's the keys , i 'll be back to pick them up in a couple hours . 
  have fun and try not to scuff the paintwork '', 
  you 're assuming the commonwealth would want this . 
  the big dogs already have their own set-ups . 
  aus and nz are geared to trade with china and asia , whilst canada is similarly tied to the usa . 
  i do n't see they 'd want to reorient their trade agreements just to suit us . 
  where will this leave the eu summit talks on the migran crisis then ? 
  i do n't see that turkey will want to press ahead with the current deal after juncker has made his position on the matter so clear . 
  dutch , huh ? 
  weird , i would n't have thought there would be a strong preference towards watching your country-folk getting railed . 
  overwhelming existential despair is , how you say , tres chic , no ? 
  an analogy which makes sense to me , thanks, 
  i do n't think we can stop it though . 
  do we want to be a small island nation with little presence outside of federal europe ? 
  or do we want to be the embittered texans of federal europe ? 
  both seem like poor options to my mind ... 
  such is life . 
  is this really such a big deal in greek politics ? 
  `` rhaminghi per le terre e per i mari , per un idea lasciamo , e nostri cari ... '' * farts loudly and sparks up a fag *, 
  it can be read both ways . 
   this is not a proper camp . 
  drawing attention to the poor quality of the accommodations . 
   running out of patience . 
  this suggests the migrants are enduring a situation that has been imposed upon them . 
  i would say that the implication of mr baloch 's statement is one of unfairness . 
  i think of it as the `` bleeding heart , broken brain '' mentality . 
  honestly , we just like circle-jerking over it . 
   this is not a proper camp . 
  people are exhausted , tired and running out of patience . 
  - unhcr regional spokesman babar baloch he talks about the migrants as if they 're being cheated out of something . 
  we can relive the good old days by having a celebratory scrap afterwards . 
  do n't know why people are down voting you , you make a good point . 
  the simplest explanation for this is that the immigrant kids are likely at a lower level of education than their peers or have language issues . 
  they take up valuable teaching time and ensure that the native kids get less of the teacher 's attention . 
  it sucks , but the only way to solve it would be to segregate them from the other kids which is n't ideal either . 
  we 'd lose prestige on the world stage , it 's true . 
  i think comparing us to a crackpot dictatorship is taking things a bit far though ... 
  whilst i agree with your analysis , i 'd rather be a third rate power with few friends , little influence and total national sovereignty than a marginalised province of federal europe . 
  es muy bueno if you want a cheap holiday in the sun though, 
  probably french or german for business and government services . 
  for travel , nothing can touch english in terms of facility , but german would be a good option since it is widely spoken in central europe . 
  would n't get you far anywhere else though . 
  maybe true , but you can hardly accuse turkey of being willfully dishonest . 
  they can only go by the figures collected on the ground . 
  it has one on the turkey border but not the greece border so far as i can see . 
  sweet , we should meet in a third country and exchange birth certificates , driver 's licenses , passports , etc !, 
  a few hours of practise should be enough to perfect the other person 's accent well enough to get through airport customs . 
  assuming you 're a dude with similar facial features and colouring to me , i do n't see any possible way this could go wrong !, 
  now we get to find out how feasible albania and bulgaria are as border crossings ... my guess is bulgaria will be the one to watch . 
  it 's difficult terrain , but a long border and hard to police . 
  too tough for families maybe , but no problem for the younger guys . 
  it would be cool if i was you , then i 'd be a us citizen , you 'd be a brit and we 'd both have what we want !, 
  wan na trade identities anyway ? 
  i occasionally fantasise about a future in which britain becomes a us state . 
  come on , drown me in downvotes ... 
  in fairness , yougov and every other polling group out there was pretty removed from reality with the general election . 
  i doubt this will be much different . 
  `` say , nice homeland you got there europe , be a shame if anything should happen to it ... '' * jangles pockets whilst grinning *, 
  because turkey arguably has far more control over the situation than greece does . 
  getting angry at the eu for non-eu immigration is something partaken of by a few of the louder brexit supporters , but not widely dwelt on by a majority of voters . 
  the only serious complaint relating to immigration i 've heard levelled at the eu is that the european convention on human rights makes it extremely difficult for the uk to deport foreign criminals and failed asylum seekers . 
  the much quieter majority of brexit supporters are the middle-aged daily mail readers who generally have nothing but good things to say about polish plumbers and pakistani doctors , but who are concerned by brussels bureaucracy and the ever-increasing body of eu law . 
  london is secure as a financial capital almost purely due to geography . 
  it 's basically the perfect spot for a stock exchange accessible to american , european and asian markets . 
  the banking stuff is mostly a side effect of that . 
  pretty sure london finance is safe either in or out of the eu until stock markets and high finance go 24/7 online . 
  and france will move the calais refugee camps to britain ? 
  how will they do that ?
