  yeah . 
  that was it . 
  dimitris avramopoulos seems like that one manager everyone has had at some point . 
  the guy who just sits on his ass insisting problems will solve themselves if everyone sticks to the company policy . 
  i got about 3 hours worth when i was at school . 
  a quick intro to the human reproductive system and process , then an hour 's lesson on contraception . 
  i remember the teacher set us the homework of writing a short story from the perspective of a sperm inseminating an egg . 
  that was very weird . 
  you should find a pub that is equidistant from both of you . 
  the only thing i know about slovakia is that it used to be part of czechoslovakia and the captial is bratislava . 
  only know that because i drove to czech republic , which necessitated looking at a map . 
  i know literally zilch about slovenia , sorry . 
  and to be honest , i do n't recall ever seeing either of you mentioned in the media here ( introspective little britain ) ... only time i hear your name is when eurovision comes on . 
  you have a strange sense of humour , my friend . 
  yeah , i left myself wide open to that one . 
  fair comment . 
  shhh , stop making observations , you might hurt people 's feelings !, 
  we 're a very independently minded people though . 
  the idea of a federal europe is not discussed in our media or public forums , except as a boogeyman to scare voters . 
  you 'd get what you want more quickly without britain in the mix fighting against it . 
  yeah , i really ca n't understand why jews have been so scapegoated throughout history . 
  they are n't and have never been a violent culture . 
  they 've always done well economically and been movers and shakers throughout history ( once they got out of egypt ) . 
  well , so what ? 
  that just means they 're smart with a strong work ethic . 
  i have to come to the conclusion that it 's caused solely by the jealous rage of inadequates . 
  sweden !, 
  you 're allowing a group of people known for their education , work ethic and notable contributions to all fields of human endeavour to be hounded out of your society . 
  this is idiotic in the extreme !, 
  social outrage is so in right now . 
  everybody 's doing it . 
  detailed answer , and slight conformation of stereotype  thanks !, 
  yeah , i eat a lot of sandwiches , so i would imagine i 'm getting close to that in terms of bread . 
  how frequently do you eat pasta then ? 
  so what is the experience that goes with 25kg pasta a year , italians ? 
  are you eating it every day ? 
  more than once a day ? 
  and what are the most common/popular choices ? 
  take my upvotes , on your face and chest , some up your back too . 
  i like to mix up the mundane , yet healthful stylings of weetabix with the sugar-packed flair of a tropical muesli . 
  it 's like having breakfast in the bahamas every day - and it keeps me regular too . 
  david cameron ruins everything . 
  facesitting , fisting and squirting are what put the ` great ' in ` great britain ' . 
  takes a few years to build good armed forces up though and it 's painfully obvious to your rivals that you 're doing it . 
  it also makes your situation more dangerous in the short term by putting pressure on your rivals to sort you out before you become too strong to be sorted out . 
  yes , but we were talking about a scenario in which the us ceased its interventionism . 
  you 're talking about a scenario in which china could challenge the us presence in the pacific . 
  regarding your point , japan is currently the us 's favoured ally in the us , yes . 
  and at present they have unfettered access to the pacific trading lanes due to us protection , as does china . 
  but i think china would love to control the major sea lanes and use them as a hold over japan , and indeed everyone else in the region . 
  and japan knows and fears that . 
  so if the usa suddenly did n't prevent it anymore , there would be a quick and dirty fight over who calls the shots there . 
  i can see your point on israel . 
  on reflection , i think in the absense of the us , their nuclear deterrent might be enough to keep them safe . 
  but the mid east just keeps gets more and more unstable . 
  hard to say what would happen in that situation i think . 
  maybe israel itself would be the aggressor . 
  i 'll disagree with you on two here : china and japan - both china and japan need to be dominant within the pacific in order to keep their national interests secure . 
  i 'd argue the only thing preventing a direct fight for supremacy between these two is the fact of the us navy getting involved . 
  israel - no muslim country in the region is happy about having a bunch of heavily armed jews sitting on ` their ' holy sites . 
  if the us suddenly could n't come to israel 's defence any more , somebody , either iran or a coalition of sunni states , would try something . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  only problem is that being neo-nazi or islamist generally involves violent intent against certain groups . 
  so neo-nazis and islamists have to be very careful when it comes to presenting their views otherwise they can get done for incitement . 
  consider : russia and eastern europe . 
  china and japan china and most of the indo-chinese peninsula israel and iran india and pakistan what would happen in these places if the usa was no longer a factor ? 
  you may not like what the usa has done in some parts of the world . 
  but the mere fact of its military might does a lot to prevent the outbreak of wars between smaller powers . 
  the simple fact is that you , / u/neohellpoet are perfectly ok to sit fantasizing about murdering jews all day every day without the law ever bothering you . 
  it 's the point when you started buying bomb-making ingredients , looking at anti-semetic literature and scoping out your local synagogue that the police became interested in you . 
  my point stands . 
  you 're perfectly free to hate the jews in your own mind , / u/neohellpoet . 
  but if you ever act on it in any way , they 'll catch you and throw your jew-hating ass in jail . 
  really hope the political and economic situation in the us does n't cause them to retreat from their current role . 
  as much as people like to bitch about us foreign policy , the world really would go to shit if they decided they did n't want to play anymore . 
  no , outside of their heads everybody is supposed to avoid breaking the law . 
  the law does n't apply to what happens inside your mind . 
  it 's a simple concept . 
  thanks for catching that . 
  my reddit fuck-up of the day . 
  it 's pretty clear cut under the law though . 
  you are perfectly free to be a neo-nazi or an islamist here in the uk . 
  so long as it takes place entirely within your own head . 
  having stupid opinions is n't a legal issue - it only becomes a problem when you express those opinions . 
  and even then , only in specific cases . 
  bahar mustafa 's twitter comment is an example of inciting racial hatred and soliciting people to commit murder . 
  both are illegal for good reason . 
  this is the law that he was arrested under : [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communications_act_2003] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communications_act_2003 )  section 127 of the act makes it an offence to send a message that is grossly offensive or of an indecent , obscene or menacing character over a public electronic communications network . 
  this is a surprisingly vague law . 
  i ca n't see an arrest under this law ever going past a caution and demanding to pull the posts . 
  how could a court of law ever decide what counts as offensive ? 
  it would depend entirely on the jury that showed up that day . 
  got the wrong act when it 's clearly stated in the article . 
  fixed now . 
  you 're right . 
  and sooner or later germany 's options will come down to exactly that . 
  either it experiences it 's own crisis or it causes one elsewhere by closing borders . 
  when the chips are down , the german government will do what 's best for germany and fuck everyone else . 
  ok , so you think people are being phobic , i get you . 
  well , let 's just look at the economic side instead .
