  it 's played out now . 
  it does n't work because borders are being sealed off further up the stream creating backlogs which cause everyone to get skittish and start imposing restrictions of their own . 
  it only functions as the game of hot potato you 've describe until the players realise the others are screwing them . 
  which has already happened . 
  ok , let 's say , according to your scenario , a few hundred thousand migrants angrily push their way through the greece-macedonian border ( they wo n't , but i will humour you ) . 
  according to you , all the countries north of them would shit themselves and just allow the migrants to pass through to germany . 
  the moment mass acts of violence were committed in bullrushing a fortified border , countries north would call out the army and impose full military security on their borders . 
  landmines would come out if a million strong army of migrants starts forcing its way north , because the situation would have acquired militaristic overtones by that point . 
  none of this will happen anyway . 
  migrants will stop going to greece and seek an alternative route once it becomes clear albania , macedonia and bulgaria will only let iraqis and syrians through . 
  you ca n't send refugees/migrants on to an obstructed border . 
  it 's obstructed . 
  they just get sent back . 
  why do you think balkan countries are fortifying their borders ? 
  are migrants going to forcefully overwhelm six borders to reach germany if they are n't welcome there ? 
  landmines and militarised choke points would quickly put a stop to that . 
  similarly , i think strictly controlled refugee camps on european soil are n't a bad idea . 
  easier than deporting people who lack passports . 
  three meals a day , sanitation and a heated tent , but no right to work or claim benefits . 
  problem is western europe is too liberal and squeamish to consider it . 
  without sarcasm , i am sure the refugees would flee in the opposite direction if such measures were enacted . 
  the problem lies in the political situation in europe , which is chaotic at best . 
  hard enough to achieve consensus on an ill-conceived plan to make turkey responsible for stopping the flow . 
  try getting 28 nations round a table to agree on your artic prison and gulag program . 
  and closing a border does fuck all ? 
  really ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  [ how about this ? 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/feb/23/greece-implores-macedonia-to-reopen-border-to-refugees )  on monday , greece made frantic appeals to macedonia to open its frontier . 
  by midday up to 10,000 men , women and children had been trapped in greece , with most marooned in the north . 
  another 4,000 people , newly arrived from islands off turkey 's aegean coast , were stuck in athens 's port of piraeus . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  i want to see refugee camps monitored by the red cross . 
  3 meals a day , heated tents and basic sanitation , school lessons for the kids , families prioritised and no right to claim benefits in the host country . 
  or some version of that , at least . 
  i think history is the biggest block to that though . 
  you can build temporary holding facilities , people are ok with that . 
  but keeping people in camps as a permanent solution ? 
  still too hitlerish for most people . 
  fair one !, 
  yeah , my bad . 
  greece has been asking for more frontex in greece and not on the fyrom border . 
  pretty much the opposite of what i suggested , eh . 
  unfortunately for greece , germany is in the driving seat in this situation . 
  what happens when germany decides too many people have come and closes it 's southern border ? 
  the stream of people will start backing up along the whole route . 
  countries along the route will immediately start closing borders , scared that they will be forced to take the refugees/migrants who are now locked out of germany . 
  greece , being unable to stop the boats , fills up with migrants that albania , macedonia and bulgaria refuse to allow through . 
  it 's sad , but geography is against them on this one . 
  things will inevitably get a lot worse for greece . 
  i think greece is pretty screwed on this one . 
  they have no ability to police their own borders and ca n't seem to get the frontex support they need . 
  no hope of turkey stopping the boats . 
  practically , i ca n't see how they could stem the tide except by building detention camps . 
  which they wo n't because morality . 
  edit : i made a wrong . 
  fixed now . 
  that 'll be nil points and a renewed ground offensive from russia then . 
  i 'm hoping it featured music and a few comedy skits to really keep the migrants engaged with the message . 
  i think consensual incest is one of those weird crimes that is illegal in name only . 
  try going to the police and complaining that two adult siblings are screwing . 
  what law enforcement agency would even touch that ? 
  there 's a point where liberalism spills over into nihilism . 
  i think these guys found it . 
  lazy bastards . 
  and everyone in what is now the british isles will get greater representation at the national level . 
  silver lining . 
  i think you are highlighting here how divergent the british view of europe is from that of the other major players . 
  i do n't think this marriage can be saved . 
  got it , thanks . 
   all the fifa president 's men sounds like a straight-to-dvd movie, 
  turkey will take the 3 billion and look on it as back-payments for the millions of refugees they 're already looking after . 
  no reason to clamp down on thousands of hungry mouths leaving their country each day . 
  you do n't need to rely on that ` should ' in this argument . 
  economy = bargaining position in the eu . 
  it 's also the case that children are a much greater financial burden in an advanced economy . 
  haha , yes , but you did n't answer the question . 
  which european country do you specifically want to visit the most ? 
  human rights ? 
  what have those ever done for anybody ?!, 
  yeah , i imagine your childhood winters were a lot worse than our dreary damp efforts . 
  that is an interesting account of how poorly implemented communist makes people more selfish . 
  thanks !, 
  no , but the current russian leaders grew up during the cold war era when all western powers were viewed with deep suspicion by the state with plenty of propoganda to along with it . 
  and the story of russian history is basically `` dominate the eastern european plain and keep western influences out of russia or bad things happen . '', 
  except for recently , of course . 
  but i suspect it takes a while to get over old fears . 
  the weather in the uk is more just ` meh ' than actually bad . 
  ok , it 's a bit of a grey monotony , but we 're rarely subjected to extremes . 
  even our rainfall is n't as bad as some parts of europe . 
  [ albania , iceland , norway and switzerland have it worse apparently . 
  ] ( www.indexmundi.com/facts/indicators/ag.lnd.prcp.mm/rankings ) edit : why is n't this working ? 
  just finished reading an introduction to russian history . 
  i can kinda understand why the russian government is so paranoid . 
  i 'm amazed that selfishness is considered a soviet mindset . 
  i always thought the soviet union tried to brainwash it 's citizens into putting the needs of the state above their own . 
  it did n't work out that way then ? 
  i do n't really get what you 're asking me ? 
  sex ed was n't a separate lesson in itself - we had three lessons dedicated to it on our science course . 
  two hours about the human reproductive system and one hour about contraception .
