winter is coming . 
   even in a yellow part like north austria or east hungary you could n't really walk or drive more than 20 km without hitting some village . 
  if you consider finland to be in europe then ... well ... you could be lost for a long time . 
  the fight to be worse off !, 
  never surrender, 
  you understood what a danish person said ? 
  did a high school student write this ? 
  this bulgarian news site is a joke . 
  something like eppu normaali , perhaps ? 
  i heard they can be quite costly too . 
  do n't forget about the deadly lobster rock . 
  never heard of them , are they any good live ? 
  i love the b-52 's !, 
  well , not unthinkable really . 
  some experts did predict that something like this could happen before 2017 ( end of lease ) . 
  crimea is a special interest for russia , due to sevastopol . 
   surely they can not imagine finland is some how in the sphere of their pathetic yet big kleptocracy putin does n't , he 's said as much himself . 
  he wants to reunite the cccp areas , and afaik finland is n't a part of that . 
  there 's a sitcom if i ever saw one . 
  everything is clearly fine and dandy in sochi , move along . 
  maybe you want to read the news every once in a while ? 
  there have been a hundred thousand people at the protests , some reports claim closer to 200k . 
  this has been going on for weeks . 
  i left my aura there !, 
  talking is fine -- talking on the phone , telling your fucking life story , is not ok . 
  rip in peace 3b/t . 
  [ this comes to mind . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/20/world/europe/20iht-hungary20.html ), 
  cheap gas . 
  tax haven . 
   under your rule for 700 years most finns do n't know enough of their own history to realize the falseness of this statement . 
   but they are still treated with respect . 
  not if you ask perussuomalaiset themselves . 
  the people behind the proposed legislation certainly took advantage of the ludicrous case in question . 
  i think there definitely is something to road rage as a psychological ... phenomenon . 
  i would n't go as far as saying that it is a disorder specific to automotive endeavours , as people who start sniping others from their car window are probably not a-ok . 
  but i 've seen perfectly normal , happy , calm persons go absolutely ballistic while driving . 
  there is something to the concept of not seeing the other drivers as human beings , simply because you do not see their facial expressions , body language and you ca n't hear them speak . 
  you only see husks of metal , that are usually in your way or trying to kill you . 
  i did n't use the term refugee , though . 
  this might be semantics ( which you seem to enjoy ) , but paperless is used for all those without residency or status in their host country . 
  `` illegal immigrant '' is just another term , it 's not an absolute truth in itself . 
  sure , it might describe some sort of legal status , but it does have very negative and often misleading connotations . 
  it may not , to you , be dishonest but it sure is a term used to influence people 's views . 
  how is calling a paperless person paperless lying ? 
  it 's just the other side of the coin , in a way . 
  it seems you are actively dismissing my point , which is fine i guess , but not very productive . 
  most of them do not have the means to leave either , and some are contributing to society in other ways , including working . 
  their * status * might be illegal , but their person is n't . 
  there 's a big difference in actively perpetrating crime and simply being in a limbo , an inbetween-state . 
  because lets face it , most end up being with papers . 
   elsewhere known as an illegal immigrant the paperless was adopted as a term just for this reason , to abolish the use of the word `` illegal '' as referring to men , women and children who have not actually * done * anything illegal . 
  it is very deliberate newspeak , and i for one approve of it wholeheartedly . 
   worrying if little tommy is able to afford an xbox like all his mates . 
  i think you are vastly overrating the levels of income of european countries . 
  the thing is though , poverty exists all throughout europe - so why not use the term ? 
  you 're thinking that this is some great conspiracy , but to what end ? 
  what are these ` real and genuine problems ' that you speak of ? 
   my problem with relative poverty is that even in a hypothetical lands of billionaires you can still have relative poverty . 
  so your problem is actually people forgetting about common sense when looking at statistics ? 
   you really ca n't do any worse i have a funny feeling we will soon find out . 
  ... in theory, 
  so did everyone in finland . 
  brave earth-flair . 
  * but think of the childreeeen , they are the futurrrrreeee ... *, 
  why not just link to the original ? 
  oh , believe me , i 'm not oversensitive . 
  probably just the opposite . 
  i just have an aversion to `` retardspeak '' . 
  edit : also , can you get a fucking spellchecker , thanks bai nao, 
  that 's what * you * think it means , a completely subjective perspective on the word . 
  in my subjective view , the `` squad '' - part of the word connotes some sort of actively operating , elite ( possibly political ) block . 
  i , for one , do n't see this word propagated much ( at all , in fact ) , so using it is n't really helpful . 
  if you do n't have time to type and converse with others , maybe do n't bother at all ? 
  that is , if you 're only going to react emotionally and impulsively ( like a whole lot of redditors here ... on both sides of the argument . ), 
  what an insightful comment . 
  you are a beacon of society . 
  is `` retardsquad '' some universally accepted term that always means the same thing ? 
  i 'm not sure it is , do tell if you believe otherwise . 
  words are important , some of us learn that on the playground - some do n't . 
  also , why u mad , bro ? 
  it 's not even a generalization , it does n't mean anything . 
   retardsquad does n't * mean * anything , it reduces the argument into hateful and ignorant rhetoric . 
  how can you agree with an idea when you already have to be on its side to even understand it ? 
   it 's kind of funny to see arabs saying , in effect , sweden has too many arabs . 
  but he did n't say that , so , your whole point is kinda moot . 
  i think it means `` dresses up as woman on stream '', 
  absolutely not sure - i mean , certainly the * word * is of the same origin etymologically . 
  virolainen is a karelian last name , that i know but basically disregard everything i said , 
  `` swedish '' ( ruotsalainen ) and `` russian '' ( ven\u00e4l\u00e4inen ) are common surnames in finland , as is `` estonian '' ( virolainen ) , but i think that has a different origin . 
  not really the next one over - but pihlajam\u00e4ki stands proud and beautiful for all time !, 
  you do realise this whole post is a joke ? 
  you can use google translate to search , as the search is only in finnish at the moment . 
  simply click on an image to load the high-resolution version . 
   by the way , that `` kill me here '' is a much more potent expression of finnish melancholy than attacking a politician . 
  i refute this being in any way a common finnish thing to do , or a common expression . 
  and this is why finnish populations are often used in genetic research programs . 
  wow , you 've just completely negated your own argument . 
  thanks , man . 
  and this is something all muslims take part in ?
