the logical solution would maybe set up a situation similar to calais and move eu borders into these nations . 
  in calais the british border has been expanded into france so the processing is done there . 
  if this was done for north africa with italian and greek ( eu funded ) borders in libya and morocco , it would also prevent deaths at sea as they 'd be unable to even get to sea in the first place . 
  but it 's an opinion piece in an american newspaper that chose to publish opinion to the masses in a `` this is what europe should be doing '' type thing . 
  if an american institution feels so strongly about us not providing an expensive infrastructure to transport people here , they could always be lobbying the us government to do so since us europeans are so heartless . 
  he would n't have gotten this printed in a major 1million + reader newspaper in the uk ( except the guardian ), 
   new york times let them fly to the us more like . 
  should have picked the imperial march . 
  i have to agree , in all cases investigators find the corruption and fraud while investigating within the us . 
  the international investigations come about because of findings within the us . 
  it 's not like us investigators are in brussels carrying out audits . 
  something else to blame the eu for . 
  given the description though , grown man on a rickety childs bike with a guitar pulling a suitcase to cycle 100 metres . 
  i 'd probably have laughed if it looked how i picture it . 
  so i 'd say that 's why they laughed rather than `` look at the refugee suffering '' . 
  they take less than a second to switch back on and islamic state does n't have any aircraft . 
  assad has air craft though and has been attacking isis , no engagements so far . 
  to the work camp with you !, 
  by organic , it 's made from uncategorised organs from various sources . 
  pretty much the same in the uk , ca n't deport them if they face death . 
  we spend millions on single cases like this when we try and deport them . 
  amazing , good repertoire of covers as well . 
  there are no deleted comments in this entire comment chain , even the treed out comment chains . 
  so again , provide a context link to the deleted comment or gtfo . 
  you 're just showing everyone here you 're a liar . 
  they probably did n't , you know , want shooting down by aa missiles . 
  i would be horrified if i found out our forces were flying into war zones with transponders turned on . 
  link to the thread ? 
  that proves nothing , what thread is that on ? 
   you deleted your comments xd no i did n't , you think i just went through 2 years and deleted everything in what , 10 minutes since you saw it ? 
  pull the other one pal . 
   good fucking job mate , by doing this you have admitted your wrong doing . 
  you absolutely disgust me . 
  alright , screenshot . 
  i want a screenshot of a comment i 've deleted in the last half hour . 
  because now you 're just trolling . 
   no , i 'm calling you out for generalising , i have ( as you have admitted ) admitted that a majority are just as bad as you ( xenophobic and want people to die ) . 
  i have only ever said that . 
  your lack of a brain really is astonishing . 
  aha , you 're just trolling . 
   no you do n't , you continually use the term `` migrant '' interchangeably with the term `` muslim '' . 
  you have not once tried to make any sort of distinction between the two . 
  i have n't used the term muslim in regards to migrants once , but if you can find an example , or even a deleted comment on such a thread feel free to post it . 
   are you getting panicky now you look realise you are just as bad as them ? 
  not really , you 're breaking reddit rules by crowding . 
  you 're making false claims that i 've said stuff in my comment history , then are falsely claiming i 've deleted it in order to rile people up and defame me as a racist . 
  this is both illegal under criminal law and a breach of reddit rules so i have reported this post . 
  as i 've given you an opportunity to prove your claims and the archive of reddit would show deleted comments anyway . 
  i give you a specific article ( 33 ) and tell you to look up third country . 
  what more of a source can i provide here ? 
  i 'm going to literally google it ... http://www.refworld.org/cgi-bin/texis/vtx/rwmain/opendocpdf.pdf?reldoc=y&amp;docid=4bab55e22, 
  lmao !, 
  i have n't deleted anything , good work * applause * seriously top form . 
   you are factually wrong . 
  no , search article 33 for third country cases . 
  nations have a right to return asylum seeker to the country they made their initial application . 
  the part you 've linked only details the restriction on sending refugees back after their home nation is declared safe . 
   no mention what so ever that refugees have to remain in ` the first safe country they enter ' . 
  that wikipedia article is a miniscule part of the convention , you should read the whole thing , not just link one tiny thing and say `` it does n't mention it '' it is mentioned . 
   no , the real issue is dumb cunts generalising everyone into a single group and then getting all emotional about what to do with `` all da mudlims '' . 
  when a lot of them are n't muslim , you need to get that through your head mate . 
  never did this , keep telling you this , only way you can win this is calling me racist . 
  address my point or gtfo . 
   not according to the things you said previously , either stand by what you said or do n't fucking say it . 
  you : `` might '' was n't so long ago they were throwing christians off boats to drown and raping women in refugee centres . 
  epitome of tolerance . 
  does n't show me not supporting people who need help , shows me considering people killing others as intolerant . 
   you generalise even the christians that survived that massacre together with the migrants . 
  you are absolutely disgusting . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  yep , the christians that were involved in that massacre are equally as bad and intolerant . 
  i do n't see your point ? 
  murderers are murderers regardless of faith . 
   no one is denying there is a clear problem with islam ( and only right wing retards claim otherwise ) , but generalising people together makes you just as bad as them . 
  have n't mentioned problems with islam once , ever in all my time on reddit , i 've mentioned problems with religion in general because i think all religions are violent , backwards and should be abolished , starting with faith schools , especially the catholic one 's that are full of corruption and fund mismanagement . 
  not a straw man , this is what is happening and it does n't work . 
  you 're refusing to address my points and resort to calling me a racist . 
   where you get this shit i have no idea , it 's incredibly funny actually . 
  what shit idea ? 
  this is what the eu are doing and it 's a bad idea . 
  you jumping up and down calling me racist for pointing this out and why does n't win an argument . 
   the only thing i am saying is that you are fucking stupid for generalising people . 
  that 's it . 
  get that through your thick fucking head . 
  i 'm saying you 're stupid for being unable to point to where i generalised anyone , you keep quoting an example i gave where religion was n't even my point and was one example of 3 where the other 2 religion was n't even mentioned and did n't matter . 
  not once have i generalised them . 
   and i have not said otherwise ... 
  but really nice straw man , the retard is strong in you . 
  i 'm retarded ? 
  calling everything a straw man you have no argument for is really showing the level of your intelligence . 
   we are n't having a discussion about what to do with them ( and i do n't know why you keep trying to move the conversation towards that ) . 
  we are talking about dumb cunts generalising all migrants together and then assuming they are all muslim . 
  where did i make those assumptions ? 
  i keep using the term refugees and migrants and used one example where muslims killed some christians , and in that example only referred to it as being bad for people killing other people , just because they happened to muslim is irrelevant . 
  you 're the one jumping to assumptions here . 
  even on the rape , women being second class citizens and murdering gay people i have n't mentioned religion because it is n't based on religion , it 's a regional issue ( as previously stated ) christians in those regions also treat women as second class citizens and call for murdering gay people . 
  trying to paint me as some muslim hating racist to win an argument is n't going to work . 
   nice joke mate , not going by your post history and all your comments generalising every single muslim together . 
  give one example in my posting history . 
   we all do for fucks sake , do you think you are a special snowflake ?
