  but a compromise can be reached that is practical , which is how politics should work , so the electorate is happy that their concerns are being listened to . 
  you are right of course in the sense of taxes but when these are presented to the public , people would like to pay less tax , but are willing to pay tax to pay for the things it pays for . 
  it would n't be until public services were removed there would be a real call to reduce taxes , as long as people are happy with what they get for their taxes , what they 'd like and what they want are different . 
  you wo n't get protests and movements to reduce tax otherwise . 
  in the case of things like immigration like we have now there is the people saying they do n't want this mass immigration , yet the government is n't simply not addressing it because it 's impractical , they 're going in the complete other direction . 
  do i believe that an elected government should do what the majority of the population want ? 
  well yes , that 's exactly how democracy is supposed to work , elected by the people for the people . 
   how is it ` extreme ' to carry out the wishes of 80 % of the population ? 
  the nazi party were democratically elected on an anti-jew mandate . 
  you ca n't really claim they were n't extreme , another example is the bnp in britain , far right extreme party which got a lot of support in 2010 general election and eu elections because they were the only party addressing immigration . 
  not because the country suddenly became racist , but because the major parties would n't listen . 
  i imagine the people do n't want extreme parties to win , but if they 're the only ones listening to their main concerns ...  it seems to me that if you 're pursuing a political agenda which 80 % of the population opposes then such parties are the real extremists . 
  true , but this would be more extreme from an anti-democratic point of view , i think . 
  chinese culture - lots of discipline , teachers would expect children to respect their elders . 
  british culture - very little discipline , kids used to being able to do what they want and getting what they want , no respect for authority or adults and any attempt to instil discipline is met with `` you ca n't talk to me that way , i 'm a human being '' . 
  all thanks to the left wing , the sooner we go back to giving kids a smack when they misbehave ( including in the classroom ) the better . 
  we all turned out a lot better for having that instilled on us back in . 
  you only need to watch jeremy kyle to see how kids of today are going to turn out . 
  it 's never too late to stop the flood , if an extreme enough party gets large enough ( which is pretty much the way it 's going ) these nearly 2 million migrants will be deported en masse . 
  it 's the guardian , the entire paper is an endorsement of left-wing thuggery and the basic message that the left is morally superior and therefore can not do any wrong . 
  yes , but merkel does n't and she does n't give two shits what four fifths of germans want . 
  army that can match the us in terms of size ( not spend ) , only outmatched in technology . 
  advanced warfare technology in certain fields which can compete with their us equivalent . 
  more nukes than the us . 
  russia could plunge europe into darkness and cold this winter by shutting off gas supplies . 
  they 're also blowing shit up , that tends to get headlines regardless of power . 
  if jamaica sent jets into syria and starting bombing stuff , i 'm sure they 'd get in the headlines too . 
  their experience is irrelevant , they 're armed with small ageing arms . 
  they 'd be faced with a well trained and well equipped army . 
  russia would n't need to get up close to wipe them out . 
  cluster bombs , artillery , missiles , air strikes . 
  bear in mind they wo n't be concerned about collateral damage and would happily wipe out 10,000 's of civilians to wipe out the rebel forces . 
  against that their experience is worthless , they 'd be wiped out in no time . 
   however the us was going at it pretty much alone . 
  i remember several other countries being there with the uk nearly matching the us numbers in iraq . 
  you can be the best trained soldier in the world , when all you have is an ak47 and you 're fighting an enemy with advanced weaponry and limitless resources , you 're going to be taken out pretty quickly . 
  was he after their lucky charms ? 
  a lot more metric than imperial though , we still measure roads in miles and for some reason height and weight in imperial . 
  but we 're mostly metric . 
   russian ground attack cruise missiles are air launched . 
  then they 're not a cruise missile ? 
  never heard a single person say this . 
  there are adverts in the uk which are just the american ones with some whiney sounding yank promoting an everyday product because they could n't be bothered changing the voice over . 
  studies show these adverts do very badly in the uk , most people here do n't like americanisation , heck imagine the rioting if the metric system was rolled back to the imperial system . 
  germanistan , it has a certain ring to it . 
  protesting = / = violently attacking . 
  it 's common sense that if you attack your boss you get sacked . 
  it 's not exploitation , everyone including your boss has a right to work without fear of someone they employ getting violent . 
  you 're claiming that the russians have no long range missile systems ? 
  the country with almost as many nukes as the us . 
  i 'd be very surprised if they had no cruise missiles on their ships . 
  we just need a camp we can put them all in . 
  they were protesting cuts being discussed with no announcement anyone is getting sacked , it was a meeting to discuss that . 
  either way , violent thugs do n't deserve a job . 
  they have a range of about 2,000 km on average , so naval bombardment would be easy . 
  sack all the employees involved , job cut problem resolved . 
  unions organising a mass rally and committing crimes because they do n't want the ability to organise large rallies and commit crimes to be taken away . 
  i mean seriously , they want the government not to vote something into power , and their solution is to attack and throw eggs at mp 's . 
  we should send these 60,000 to syria to be attacked and intimidated themselves , while taking in 60,000 genuine refugees from syria who would be grateful for having a job , rather than trying to bully and blackmail employers because they 're all lazy cunts . 
  not sure about the law regarding this , i do n't think he 's broken any laws as he was meant to be racing . 
  the event organisers are probably responsible due to not having adequate barriers to protect the crowd . 
  our kids are entitled pricks though , and there is the risk of being stabbed . 
  and so it begins ... 
  you might get 50k , whether they stay or not is an entirely different thing . 
  well i ca n't pretend to be an expert on nuclear warfare , an expert in rocketry and a fair bit of knowledge of nuclear weapons themselves ( how they work , effects etc ) . 
  i base the knowledge of warfare on sum of all fears where first strike is to disable the enemies nuclear weapons , of course since it takes time to get weapons there , it 's pointless because they 'll have launched their main arsenal . 
  to destroy enemy nukes would require ground detonations , air bursts are useless against these , but you pretty much said that . 
  whether they 'd really bother aiming for these in a first strike i have no idea . 
  with enough nuclear weapons as in a full scale assault from all powers , we 're talking a couple of thousand weapons at least , the fall out in the atmosphere would have devastating effects , to the point of possibly effecting all sorts of protection we receive . 
  of course it 's mostly theory because a single weapon in tests is n't enough to properly analyse such effects , and tests have been rightly banned for a good while . 
  assuming nuclear winter did n't happen , you have mass death of plant and animal life world wide , the world would become a baron wasteland , some areas may survive but with dropped reproductive rates in all species , and large risk of mutations it would be difficult to rule out world wide extinction . 
  but as a fictional mathematician once said , `` life always finds a way '' . 
  according to wikipedia it refers to a communal religion , which is how i meant it . 
  it 's a stub article so if it 's wrong i 'm happy to just go with religion . 
  i think it makes a fair bit of sense , the alternative is written legislation passed by government for every possible law . 
  since new legal cases come up every so often and parliamentary legislative processes are very lengthy , it makes sense that these cases are used to set a precedent in law , then referred to in the future for similar cases . 
  it makes things much faster and such `` test '' cases are being judged by legal experts rather than politicians . 
  as a note , just because a case sets a precedent does n't actually make it law , it is merely referred to in similar cases , they will still be judged on an individual basis . 
  i see , another dark side of immigration , or just another sign we have way too many cunts in the world . 
  would be interesting to find out if the slave driver was british , if it 's blackmail i 'm guessing they wo n't be . 
  well i 'm not saying russian justice is perfect , but individually this case is pretty much a closed book . 
  guy commit war crimes , guy has received 24.5 year sentence . 
  predominately jewish is n't it ? 
  they believe in a magic sky fairy , ergo they ai n't that intelligent . 
  well you guys started it , every election you go about asking the poles , `` trump is head 2 points according the poles '' . 
  if you guys are going to ask eastern europeans about the election , then people outside the us are going to be forced into it . 
  i thought it was more tactical , because the enemy does n't know where it is to strike and first strike is to disable the enemies nuclear capabilities . 
  also because you can strike from near by ... no expert on this , my expertise is mainly focused on the rocket itself :p, 
  having the radio on , especially singing along to the radio . 
  it 's been 51 minutes and no bleeding heart liberal has responded to this so i 'll do it on their behalf . 
  but they 're human !, 
  there is no written law or legislation in the uk regarding killing people , same with assault and many other crimes . 
  such offences are known as common law , where such an act is enforced by law due to historics . 
  so really , it 's illegal because of common sense , no one has ever felt the need to write it down . 
  but ... 
  wtf ??? 
  romanians can come to the uk and work legally ... how the hell do they get enslaved ? 
  i bet it 's croquet . 
  i bet it 's not , any country dominated by a secular religion ca n't be that clever . 
  key is in the name , ** world ** police .
