  sure it ca n't use its full military strength without starting and probably eventually losing wwiii , but neither could the us . 
  we class germany in the 1930 's and 40 's a superpower and their economy was also in the toilet . 
  you want a source ? 
  99.999 % of the migrants into germany are travelling there from other european nations . 
  germany is n't taking refugees directly from syria or libya . 
  therefore , they stopped fleeing war and persecution the minute they arrived in turkey , greece , italy , serbia and hungary . 
  unless of course there has been a major world wide conflict in the last few months that i 'm not aware of . 
  and they were never seen again . 
  actually i 'd contend it was down to the welfare state created by labour which gave people the choice to do nothing with their lives , people from welfare families did n't need to try in school or bother to find a job creating a working class much less educated than in the past . 
  another thing is that the effects of policy changes a government makes do n't really show until 10 years later . 
  to say their fate worsened in 2010 would mean it was due to policies created around 2000 , since the government did n't just come into power and change a bunch of laws right away , it took 2-3 years just to get them passed in parliament . 
  it 's the guardian though , it 's never been factually credible . 
  curry is a british ( i think scottish ) invention . 
  i whole heartedly think we should , problem is 99 % of them are n't fleeing war and persecution . 
  do n't care , should n't have just accepted everyone who broke asylum process . 
  people would n't be making the journey if we 'd turned them around . 
  the bleeding heart liberals caused this mess , i 've been saying this would happen for months . 
  even if he does , it 's not enough for what we want and we 'll still vote `` no '' . 
  we do n't want to be in the eu , reforms are just his pipe dream . 
  i think he knows this so in 2017 when we vote out , he 'll resign and osborne will take over , that 's probably the plan . 
  it 's a little relevant when the topic is whether germany can handle it by itself . 
  if you 're saying it just does n't want to so it does n't matter then lack of will goes firmly in the can not section . 
  so you mean the situation looks terrible and vulgar ? 
  i thought you meant the pagoda did , which it looks like most modern pagodas ... 
  it 's a pagoda ... do you think all pagodas are terrible and vulgar ? 
  how the hell is russia so high ? 
   it turns out it can . 
  by sharing it out among the rest of europe ? 
  it 's not really handling it itself . 
  you have n't seen that episode of the simpsons obviously , 
   well , the war was not just between south ossetians and georgian forces , and there are also records and claims about russian forces , like georgian forces and south ossetian ones . 
  i 'll read the document and comment after , but excessive force is n't usually covered under the icc 's remit . 
   also , the acts that south ossetian militas bounds russian federation since they allow them to commit crimes south ossetia is part of georgia , or was at the time . 
  complicated regional issue but the crimes of the militia would technically be georgia if you were to bind them to one of the countries . 
  it 's just easier to call them independent , since that 's what the militias want anyway . 
  in the uk they do , because it says it on the marriage certificate . 
  but that might be age of certificates , if it 's changed i 'm happy to be corrected . 
  oh , i read that but the title is russia/georgia and i would n't really class south ossetia as either , russia backed the militias yes , but that 's still not a war crime . 
  indiscriminate and disproportionate attacks , yep but again i relate that back to israel , same argument that the icc used to dismiss that case . 
   separation of church and state , have you never heard of it ? 
  marriage was never purely religious ceremony , since it always affected ownership and inheritance . 
  wedding vows , heard of them ? 
  the legal state side part of the ceremony still refers to god , so it depends what you class as being religious , if it says god it 's religion in my opinion . 
  if the ceremony could have no mention of god then i 'd agree with you . 
  the top one on that list is `` it could have paid to ship immigrants from the mediterranean '' . 
  if that 's what the eu would spend it on , then i 'd rather they did n't have the money . 
  that said i do n't see why the eu should get it anyway , it 'd be even better in the hands of the individual governments who can actually spend it on public services , but the article did n't give that option . 
   i heard a way different story and the text suggests a different story , for the both sides . 
  the text only mentions displacement and death of civillians as a result of war , rather than actual war crimes . 
  icc does n't usually pursue collateral damage in wars , that was the whole reasoning for the icc not taking up the israel-palestine case recently . 
   the relationship that exists between a husband and a wife gay couples are not , thus name only . 
   a similar relationship between people of the same sex `` similar ''  a ceremony in which two people are married to each other a religious ceremony ? 
  i do n't know how it works elsewhere , but it 's not legally binding without some godly wording . 
  out of interest , what is the definition of a civil partnership ? 
  the same ? 
  marriage is vows under god , if you 're not religious , marriage should be irrelevant to you anyway . 
  i 'm a strong supporter of gay rights by the way , but i just think when you can have the same thing but with a different name , you 're arguing a non-issue . 
  the only difference between a civil partnership and marriage is the name and it being declared in the eyes of a mythical sky faerie . 
  you have the same rights , same legal protection and same civil and tax benefits , why be so concerned about a name ? 
  that `` what could europe bought with those taxes '' section actually makes me think it 's far better off in apple 's bank account than europe 's . 
  icc is supposed to investigate war crimes in conflict , not wars itself being criminal . 
  war crimes were n't committed , civilians died as often do in a war . 
  the icc prosecution seeking this is purely political , otherwise why the hell are n't they seeking a 2003 iraw war invasion ? 
   `` i have n't done anything illegal . 
  i contribute to society in many ways , but because one does n't have the exact same outlook on life and values as certain politicians , it becomes a hindrance . 
  ** it reminds me of a dictatorship . 
  this is not democracy ** , '' which is exactly what you have been campaigning for , maybe a dictatorship is n't what you were after ? 
  renting - unscrupulous landlord rents one home to several illegals in the name of someone with documentation . 
  or they could just be squatting . 
  bank account - not required , paid in cash and digital payments can be made in cash at a bank . 
  in the uk , our bills have a slip at the bottom so you can do that . 
  applying for work - probably working for the above unscrupulous land lord . 
  medical care - probably do n't bother , unless they 're really unwell and it 's a 999 emergency in which case they get medical care and never pay because they disappear again . 
  sending kids to school - by the time they have kids , their kids are born in germany and will be granted citizenship , eu rights to family then mean the illegals are granted citizenship eventually ... 
  so the kids get to school . 
  i 'm not saying it 's aliens ... 
  but it 's aliens . 
  not impossible to carry , but you 're right , they do n't . 
  i had 10 clips on patrol which is 200 . 
  by that logic : better attack the innocent people who vote the government into power who make the decisions to send troops who do the fighting . 
  they 're using the storm trooper blasters from star wars , damn things never seem to hit their target . 
  worked in a bar ? 
  you 've confused america with australia . 
  what did you do to deserve that ? 
  everything makes the un sad :(, 
  several others have replied completely understanding and i ca n't be bothered going into more detail to explain after attempting to 3 times . 
  or you 're just idiots . 
  you 're either trolling or need more schooling . 
  i ca n't decide if you 're being purposefully dense , but i 'll give the benefit of the doubt . 
  i 'm saying , if we were n't there to put out the fires before they started the fires , that they would n't actually start fires knowing that there is no one around to rescue them . 
  is that clearer ? 
  someone from turkey e-mails me to publish something for them , as long as they make a little bit of effort to encrypt or use a secure service , the turkish government will never know who it was . 
  i 'm saying if there was n't the prospect of being rescued and media coverage , that they would n't start the fires in the first place . 
  get someone in the west to publish for you, 
  do these shelters have gates that lock ? 
  because i 'm guessing if we locked the gates and left the area , things like this would n't happen . 
  before you jump on me , i mean they would n't set fire if they did n't get media attention or rescued . 
  problem is , you ca n't please everyone . 
  no matter what your viewpoint was , no matter how effective a solution it would be ; you would still have people who were against it and unhappy with it . 
  no party will ever represent your views entirely so you vote for who most suits you .
