  then you have to design the factories to build them . 
  then you have to train people to use the factories to build them . 
  then you have to train people how to use them . 
  then you have to deploy them . 
  this takes years . 
  it was two years from the design of the m4 sherman to the first one entering service . 
  if that 's the case , how come both the uk and us managed to do this rapidly in under a year ? 
  in a war scenario things like this are like writing a blank cheque . 
  i imagine most of the designs are there , you take a modern tank , you strip out the parts that take time to produce , cpu 's , guidance systems and the more advanced weapons , you are left with the armour and cannons , the very basics which can be produced quickly , with no need to test or retrofit factories , you pump out these tanks while designing new tanks in the mean time , but because you already have a line of tanks coming off , you have the time to spare . 
   in a full scale world war iii scenario , one side or the other is going to rapidly lose basic capability in warfighting within weeks because the equipment the us , russia , china , and the eu operates is today is that lethal and there 's absolutely no prospect of replenishment in a timely matter . 
  once one side starts to lose equipment faster than the other , the advantage of the winning side starts growing exponentially until the disadvantaged side is crushed . 
  this is no different to wwii , we make weapons much more powerful , and also able to withstand much greater as well . 
  the only exception is nuclear , but this is end game weapons . 
  the minute these are used the world as we know it is over anyway and it 's irrelevant , but in conventional war it will end up the same . 
  i 'm sure we 'll see who is right in a few years . 
  modern weapons are n't as invulnerable as made out , i mean there was a video in iraq ( or afghanistan ) of an unarmed mob destroying a modern armour vehicle with petrol bombs forcing the troops inside to escape . 
  if petrol bombs can defeat one , you 're not going to convince me that the war would end once all modern weapons were destroyed . 
  against current weaponary , no , but in a third world war i think it 's highly likely it 'd be inevitable to resort to such mass production again , modern weapons may be pretty good , but in regards to tanks for example , how many mass produced tanks can a modern tank take on before being destroyed realistically ? 
  10 at most ? 
  so if a factory can produce 10 tanks a day and you have many factories , you can replace losses by fighting 10 on 1 until you wipe out the enemies modern armour . 
  then obviously the enemy does the same and you 're back at wwii style warefare . 
  the only real exception i see to this is aircraft , jet fighters are far too complicated to make quickly , and there is no amount of mass produced fighters which could take on the f-35 for example , the only problem an f-35 would have taking on even 50 enemy aircraft mass produced with basic missiles and guns , is running out of ammo . 
  but this may not actually be a problem , you can counter modern jet fighters with ground based anti air systems , which can be mass produced . 
  this does make advancement difficult as forward lines will have air cover you ca n't compete with meaning you will need large scale ground incursion to advance and secure an area so the air craft can be taken down . 
  aha , so basically because people do n't agree with you , you throw a tantrum like a 3 year old , you do n't want to debate the issues you just want to scream and shout because if you do n't agree , what does the evidence matter ? 
   i only come here to give you guys a bit of a hard time every once in while whenever i 'm bored . 
  how fulfilling your life must be given how often you are on here . 
   this subreddit is crowded with rightwing assholes who think they are merely `` conservative '' rightwing = conservative . 
  unless you mean far right , in which case there are n't many far right on here as they 're banned pretty quickly . 
  being right wing is n't a bad thing , just because we 're not all tree hugging lefties does n't make us evil , if you opened your mind just a tad you 'd be able to see that . 
   but in fact are brown as a motherfucker . 
  i do n't know what this means . 
   i do n't give a fuck about a xenophobic town in slovakia why even comment on the article then , not wanting a bunch of unskilled incompatible refugees move to your town is n't necessarily xenophobic . 
  but i 'm guessing you did n't feel this article was worthy of your time . 
   i do n't give a fuck about some unemployed guy from britain i 'm not unemployed , but i can multitask and use reddit at work , being able to manage my workload and multitask is why i 'm paid the big bucks . 
   who thinks that due to some bs poll in eastern europe he can go ahead and claim that as an argument for non-repsonsive government . 
  i can use this poll with all the other polls and how this is leading to the rise of far right parties in the eu , which is n't a good thing , last time this happened a short austrian got all uppity . 
  but respective governments ignoring people on this matter will inevitably lead to votes for parties that will directly address it . 
  i 'd rather we were much stricter on entry conditions and reduced the refugees by stopping them at the border with armed forces if necessary so they are sorted out and fake asylum seekers are sent back . 
  that refugee camps are properly staffed so rape and violence do n't happen . 
  then we might not end up with far right parties elected who would just begin genocide to fix the problem . 
  so you see why some of us may hold an opposing view to you , without being on the far right ? 
   today , we have in europe , a very strong conservative union . 
  also responsiveness has never been higher . 
  but that 's not the case , how many articles are posted on here with german ministers saying they 'll just force legislation through another way ? 
  that 's not listening to the people one bit . 
   so please do n't tell me that all this is part of you going against that devil government that just does n't seem to listen to your poor little opinion . 
  i do n't care , i 'm against the european union , the more they act the way they do , the more i know the uk wo n't be in the eu any more . 
  i like europe , but the eu is an undemocratic monster that just needs to die . 
  exactly as i said , the people know how to work the factories . 
  the most important thing in eastern ukraine now , is that the people there know how to work the factories when they 're rebuilt . 
   who are the `` we '' in this sentence , though ? 
  anyone . 
   in other words , there 's nothing stopping you from adopting japanese values that you like . 
  just leave the rest of us alone . 
  cultural values are adopted by the majority of a country so it becomes enshrined in the nations culture . 
  which is how multiculturalism is supposed to work . 
  you can choose to ignore them individually , but that does n't mean the nation has to change to suit you . 
  care to explain that claim ? 
  or is that all i 'm going to get ? 
  great retort . 
  you call it a childlike argument but you 're unable to argue against it . 
  well the truth is hard to argue against . 
  yeah , just ignore when i said :  russia was too heavy handed with its response , russia were n't right to flatten the georgian military , my point is georgia was n't entirely innocent . 
  not weapons factories , just factories in general . 
  but factories can be refitted to produce weapons , look at world war ii , factories were producing weapons at astronomical rates , they were n't all initially weapons factories . 
  the people of those regions never wanted to be part of georgia , less so having shells fired on them from georgia for no reason what so ever . 
  yep , so why did the shellings in the 90 's require georgia to suddenly fire shells in 2008 ? 
  here is what i read as the cause of the shellings :  during the meeting with the presidents of abkhazia and south ossetia in february 2008 , russian official declared moscow should `` reshape its relations with self-proclaimed republics '' . 
  [ 1 ] russia 's duma called a session for 13 march to discuss the issue of recognition of the unrecognized republics in the former soviet union . 
  [ 2 ] on 6 march 2008 , russia lifted commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) sanctions imposed on abkhazia in 1996 , and declared them outdated , `` hindering the implementation of economic and social programs in the region and is causing unjustified hardship for the people of abkhazia . 
  '' [ 3 ] russian decision was met with protests from tbilisi and lack of support from the other cis countries . 
  [ 4 ] shalva natelashvili , leader of the georgian labour party , warned russia 's lifting of economic sanctions on abkhazia meant georgia would lose abkhazia . 
  [ 5 ] slovenian foreign minister dimitrij rupel said the european union was concerned by this development . 
  swedish foreign minister carl bildt , raised concerns about the dropping of trade restrictions saying , `` that could look like a de facto annexation and that would be a matter of great concern if it were the case . 
  '' [ 6 ] so russia lifted some sanction and georgia was worried the people of the region would then join russia , so they shelled south ossetia to provoke an international incident ? 
  if this is the case they got what they deserved , their military wiped out . 
  are you trying to claim that everybody in that region are russian military ? 
  everyone , even the women and children that were killed in the surprise shelling ? 
  it was unprovoked shelling , russia was too heavy handed with its response , but georgia was not even remotely innocent . 
  russia did n't even occupy georgia , so it 's not the same . 
  and was that before or after georgia decided it was going to shell unarmed civilians in south ossetia ? 
   they 've won the least profitable parts of a poor country ukraine all the industry is in the east , in a war you need factories . 
   their problem is that their economy is a quagmire , irrelevant in a world war . 
  war economy will allow russia to fight on an even footing , as long as the workers are being fed and kept alive , they will work producing the weapons . 
   same was with georgia . 
  georgia shells south ossetia unprovoked . 
  yep , they were completely innocent in that entire affair . 
   russia is about to go bankrupt due to the low oil - and gas prices and a spending level based on old prices . 
  they 're bringing the saudis to the table , a bit of negotiation and those oil prices could recover . 
  the first part is sarcasm . 
  the second part is n't he faced all 8 by himself , they stabbed him because they 're cowards . 
  hopefully they 'll be deported straight back to afghanistan where death awaits them . 
   lock them up in closed asylum centra with a few years of heavy re-education before they 're released . 
  i was just taking it to the next step to show you how ridiculous a suggestion that is . 
  re-education and a work camp , you 'll need to set them up in small towns in the middle of no where , probably poland . 
  there is a small town in auschwitz which could host such a camp . 
  why stop with just this age group , many undesirables which do n't fit into the social norm could be sent here , the conditions are irrelevant , out of sight out of mind after all . 
  yeah it 's all his fault , i mean , they did n't even fight 8 on 1 , they stabbed him . 
  it 's animal behaviour .
