   they can not be sent back into an active war zone ; not only would that be inhumane , but it would be unlawful . 
  who says ? 
  it 's a near by raf base , they could fly them into damascus easily . 
  not really bothered , asylum is to grant safety , food and shelter . 
  they are currently being provided that , if that 's not good enough for them , they 're welcome to go back to syria . 
   but it would be unlawful . 
  not if they withdraw from the asylum process . 
  it 's surrounded by an empty plain of sand ... also known as a desert , a small one albeit , but a desert none the less . 
   it should be obvious to anybody with half a brain cell that they 're being held captive . 
  really ? 
  so they should have been left to drown in the ocean ? 
  they illegally entered another countries waters and were rescued by the raf since cyprus does n't have the capability to rescue them . 
  they are being held in a shelter while cyprus processes their ayslum requests because there is absolutely zero chance they will be processed by the uk government . 
  they would be stuck somewhere waiting for asylum to be processed regardless . 
  they can withdraw their applications and be sent back any time they like . 
  `` what does this button do ? '', 
  there is no point , just let them walk out and leave . 
  why are you reading into something that is n't there ? 
  all i did was comment on the geographical topography and you 're acting like there was some sort of implied meaning . 
  the base is surrounded by a small desert ... let them leave the base and walk into it . 
  no he is n't , he only offered one because of all the support ukip were gaining , pre-ukip he had no intention of ever offering one . 
  after the boat ride obviously , they did n't just sail across the sand . 
  do you think cameron is loyal to the party above his own interests ? 
  stop paying them benefits until they take one of the positions . 
  i 'm sure the young people in germany could fill the gap too , seeing how there was a report not so long ago that german youths were feeling disenfranchised by lack of job prospects . 
  they walked in there voluntarily ... let them walk out into the desert voluntarily too . 
  sure he is , he could just not have a referendum , he 's not running in 2020 anyway , why would he care ? 
  and loads of people stood in front of those signs smoking away ? 
  you 're not aware how the police work here . 
  what would happen is i 'd call and they 'd claim there are serious crimes going on and they 're unable to attend . 
  aha , the us infrastructure is better set up for cyclists than ours . 
  but from your response i can tell you know jackshit about anything . 
  oh really , you cycle down mountains often ? 
  and i 'd be ridiculously tired , very cold and half dead from cycling into manchester all the way from the dark peak ... 
  is it ? 
  what exactly has been cut which will hurt the economy ? 
  it 's got america in it , it 's the cool kids party . 
  ah , ignore my criticism then . 
  it does n't help that the media give every academic with a controversial opinion platform while not the ones with scientific breakthroughs . 
  i do n't think they should be ignored when they say something knowledgeable . 
  but this academic is offering an opinion , not researched facts , she has looked at human rights law and decided this should allow sex offenders near children , it 's an opinion . 
  i then offered my opinion that her highly out of touch view is because she 's an academic and you call me an idiot , well i have a first in computer science and masters in physics , i assure you if she had come up with some facts and figures i 'd be all ears . 
  it could have been hit by a meteor as a more likely conclusion to a missile strike , if it had been a missile strike someone would have detected it , you do n't fire a missile 30,000 feet high without setting off alarms in various parts of the world . 
  i do n't see metal fatigue as an issue because the sort of explosions are different , explosive decompression `` crushes '' the aircraft and generally it does n't disintegrate , that 's not to say explosive decompression ca n't cause disintegration because it can and has , it 's just not all that often . 
  this kind of disintegration points to a combustible explosion , powerful enough to separate the plane into two pieces and kill everyone on board instantly ( no distress signal ) . 
  i 'll wait until they release more information , it 's just so unlikely to be metal fatigue i just ca n't see it . 
   academic move along , nothing to see here . 
  planes are pretty resilient , the sort of situation that would have to arise to cause a plane to break up in the air would n't just happen like that , and the crew would have sent a distress . 
  whatever happened , happened very quickly . 
  there are exceptions , but i was referring to the supermarket and boots meal deals in the thread . 
  there is a place 15 minutes away that does healthy organic food if i want to spend # 5 a day on it . 
  cutting wastage is n't shrinking , it 's economising . 
  people who lay about and do n't work are just that , wastage . 
  illegal to smoke in any public space or vehicle . 
  it 's also illegal to smoke in entrances but this is largely ignored , because the thing about britain is you can make all the laws you want , but we do n't have police forces willing to enforce them . 
  neither is obstructing traffic by coming the wrong way down a narrow one way street and refusing to either ride on the pavement or go back despite already being in the wrong . 
  not sure what i should have done , just sat there and not moved ? 
  unsafely and illegally reversed out of the street , then as the cyclist passed , bent over the bonnet and spread my cheeks ? 
  come on , he was a dick and i returned the dickness . 
  i know the highway code btw , i just do n't have one to hand . 
  will be interesting to see what happens , difficult to justify nato in the middle east to remove dictators while having a crazy dictatorship in nato . 
   japan air flight 123 suffered explosive decompression and except for the loss of the vertical stabiliser , stayed intact until it hit the mountain . 
  the crew were in contact with the ground for half an hour after the explosion . 
  this russian flight could have only been cause by combustive explosion . 
   china airlines flight 611 perhaps , but i 'm sceptical that correct maintenance and repair was n't carried out after all these instances in the past . 
  not to mention the preflight check revealed no cracks in the bulkhead . 
  does the us force people to lend them money ? 
  i just thought it was greed of the money lenders . 
  has to be an explosion in my opinion as well , i 'm not sure about it being a missile , but a bomb on board looks likely , which if is the case we wo n't know for ages until the debris has been looked through . 
  yep , we should . 
  but until then ... 
  i do n't think so , the plane would n't decelerate quickly enough to cause enough force , and it would stall way before that anyway . 
  i think the solution here would be cycling paths on every road , but they just do n't have them unfortunately . 
  i have n't cycled since i was hit by a car cycling to work ( yeah , drivers can be dicks too ) . 
  so i walk , where i occasionally run into cyclists on the pavement acting like they some how have right of way . 
  i 'm not a dick driver myself , i only get pissed off at cyclists when i 'm inconvenienced by them doing something wrong . 
  it had a tail strike in 2001 which was repaired ... 
  it has been flying since for 14 years without a problem and even the initial investigators have ruled out a connection . 
  i 'm not being biased , i 'm telling you there is no maintenance or technical fault which can cause that . 
  you 're talking about a major malfunction which caused the plane to explode without any faults being reported by the pilots ? 
  when has that every happened ? 
  of course , and i agree they 're not responsible and it was flying from egypt so it was the egyptian inspectors who last checked it . 
  but it does n't matter in the end , it was n't a maintenance failure . 
  a bit over simplified when the chav 's only way to feed and home himself and his family is the borrowed money . 
  he might not pay you one day , but you wo n't lend him money again and he 'll starve . 
  cyclists have to obey the same laws as cars here , ordinarily , as long as the cyclist keeps to the side it 's not an issue , but this is a street without enough room so common sense should prevail here anyway . 
  there is also a pavement on both sides which i pointed to and got the response `` why should i ? '', 
  ( as i said , he was a nob ) , which is why i just kept edging forwards , most normal people would accept they 're wrong and let me pass . 
  i think they 're busy spending all that money on digging up half of manchester to completely honest . 
  not really , it just looks like poor research . 
  if they obeyed the rules i 'd have no complaints to be honest . 
  when they complain about being forced to the left when they 're entitled to a full lane , while at the same time cycling through red lights . 
  i blame the government , put a cycle lane on every road and enforce road laws on everyone , with cycle lanes on every road , cyclists have no excuse and neither do drivers for driving in them . 
  they 're not supposed to but they can , but this was a one way street and a narrow one that ca n't fit both a car and a cyclist side by side . 
  they 're not supposed to ride the wrong way down a one way street , and they certainly should n't demand i get out of the way , he could n't have fit even if my tires had been scraping the curb . 
  from his shouting he seemed to expect me to reverse ( illegally ) back out of the street , he was just a nob but it 's a common trait in some cyclists , i 'm sure there are a lot that obey the rules , but you only have run ins with the ones that do n't . 
  the plane split in two in mid air ... 
  there 's no such mechanical or technical failure that would cause that except for half the planes bolts being loose or something , and even then the preflight inspection would notice that . 
  it 's irrelevant who 's responsible for the maintenance because it was n't a maintenance fault , and if it was i 'll eat my hat . 
  actually yeah , people were saying germany and the eu needed to change their rules on cockpits so it did n't happen again and have a two man cockpit rule .
