   there is no nuclear war going to happen . 
  even if another world war happened , there would be no nuclear weapons used . 
  no one thought a second world war could happen either , you 're being very naive here , all you need is a crazy extremist in power in a nation with these weapons . 
  easily , missiles can be fired from 100 miles away and travel much faster , the raf has jets in the air at all times patrolling and we have ground based air defence systems . 
  i mean it does depend on which coast , if the did it in the shetlands for example , they 'd probably make it to land first , but there 's nothing worth bombing there anyway . 
  oh , no doubt and you 're correct . 
  but nato also do it to russia , basically it 's just us trolling them and them trolling us . 
  under international law , they 're doing nothing wrong . 
  let 's face it , the top general of the raf has already said if the russian airforce attacked the uk in full force , the raf even with its superior jets would be overwhelmed and defeated within hours . 
  so just a couple of bombers that the raf could wipe out easily flying close to our airspace , who cares , the raf would blow them out of the sky before they even reached the shore . 
  unless russia starts doing it with large airborne fleets , we do n't really need to be concerned . 
   why ? 
  for the reason i said right after i said that , because if you have a country with nukes while we do n't , they 're all powerful , they could invade us and we ca n't retaliate since they can nuke us to oblivion . 
  either everyone dismantles or no one does , that 's the unfortunate reality . 
   not even remotely comparable to now . 
  economy was thriving then , it 's thriving now , the downtown is over and was n't anywhere near as bad as recessions of the past . 
   the last time the mod said anything about it was 2012 , iirc it was around # 2.5 b a year . 
  even if it was like # 100m it would still be not worth it . 
  it is about # 2.5-3billion a year , which is hardly anything in the grand scheme of things . 
  it 's a small price to pay to remove even the smallest threat we could all be instantly annihilated , or invaded . 
  removing nuclear weapons is an ideology that is incompatible to the reality of foreign affairs , we 're very close to world war iii if you pay any attention . 
  there is a high risk of an east vs west proxy war in syria and we have some loon who wants to dismantle our army to defensive only . 
  the world is a dangerous place and positive thinking and a perfect world vision does n't remove that , because not everyone else wants to live in peace . 
  to be fair , our air space is several miles from our coast and the raf can respond to violations before they even reach the coast ( in theory ) so it 's a little different . 
  while other people have them , they ca n't be dismantled , if everyone dismantled them fine , but if they did n't , the one 's who kept them would be untouchable . 
   the world economy has already achieved that . 
  because the economy was so dire in 1914 ...  it 's an outdated system that is no longer relevant . 
  it 's a waste of money that could be used in much better ways . 
  how much do you think it costs on a yearly basis ? 
   you would n't use a hammer on a screw , ffs ... a better analogy may have been `` you would n't use 1 tonne of dynamite on a nail . '', 
  he is , but that is n't what nuclear weapons are for , they 're to prevent major wars like in the last century . 
  they 've been preventing major wars for 70 years . 
  nuclear weapons are n't there to prevent small groups of people attacking and killing people , however if nukes were regularly used in the middle east to wipe out terrorist groups in response for attacking us , they would have prevented 9/11 . 
  there 'd be terrorism , they 'd just be absolutely incapable of being a threat to western nations . 
  what with having entire groups obliterated in one , the radiation poisoning and the fact no one can easily travel between nations anymore . 
  russian planes have never flown over our air space in recent times , they fly close to our air space . 
  the last few interceptions were over the english channel , this is international air space , anyone can fly here . 
  stop taking everything the scaremongering media tells you so seriously . 
  i would n't pay him any attention , he 's getting far more coverage than he should because he 's the opposition leader . 
  he wo n't ever get elected and i doubt he 'll last long in labour . 
  basically what happened in the leadership election is , he got 250,000 votes , but most of those were new members . 
  the green party got 2 million votes in the general election and only won 1 seat . 
  most of the new members were green party voters and voted a looney left winger as leader . 
  right wing parties collectively got over 50 % of electorate vote with most of the left wing vote being to a new labour candidate ( new labour are more to the centre than traditional labour ) . 
  this country does n't want a left wing government and rejects left wing policies at elections . 
  he wo n't ever be elected pm so anything he says is pretty irrelevant . 
  temporary or not , it is communisty , the state is taking private property away through legislation rather than financial purchase . 
  i 'm pretty certain such things are against the rules of the eu , but it 's germany so i guess as they write the rules ... 
  if the legend is true , it just contains gold that was stolen . 
  technically it now belongs to poland as so much time has passed , but a lot of groups will claim they are entitled to a portion due to the suffering the nazi 's did to them . 
  but to be honest in my opinion , all those groups have been recompensed since . 
  if it does contain traceable stolen art though , i agree with you it should be returned . 
  i hope they find it . 
  i also hope they get to keep it and all the groups that will stake a claim can be ignored . 
  is it building 10,000 houses a day ? 
  good luck germany . 
  thanks , i 'll do some reading tonight , it 's always good to learn new things . 
  then school was wrong , they basically labelled everything east of west germany as the soviet union . 
  could have just kept the original headline . 
  when i was in school , no , the cold war was n't covered in very much detail , in history i was taught wwi , wwii , 1066 , war of the roses , 100 years war , english civil war , catholics vs protestants . 
  things like the cold war were discussed briefly and were n't part of the syllabus . 
  things might have changed since then , but history was n't a subject i took to gcse . 
  in all honesty i did n't pay much attention to the media when i was 10 and it was n't a subject we learned about in school in any detail , we were taught what the cold war was and that it was against the soviet union and the us , but no specific geography and i believe ussr and soviet union was used interchangeably . 
  learned something new though . 
  ah , that 's where i 'm confused , i just thought the whole thing was ussr . 
  til . 
  am i mistaken ? 
  i honestly thought the ussr comprised of all of eastern europe . 
  mate , i 've been on reddit for years and even a couple of the mods know where i 'm from . 
  just because someone disagrees with you does n't mean they 're a kgb spy posting online propaganda . 
  your tin foil hat has boiled your brain . 
  but poland is former ussr ... ~ ~ til ussr and the whole soviet area are n't the same thing . 
  you do n't exactly get the best of brits in eastern europe unfortunately . 
  some of us are well behaved , i have my own holiday photo 's i could share . 
   the white flag is an internationally recognized protective sign of truce or ceasefire , and request for negotiation . 
  it is also used to symbolize ** surrender ** . 
  you 're reading too much into my joke about france and being prone to surrender , slappe af . 
   the dpa is the largest german news agency . 
  if they announce that they were fooled by this fake story , then it is a fake and enough reason for you to delete it . 
  i 'm not german and do n't follow that news agency , why would i take anything a news agency i 've never heard of as gospel ? 
  this is irrelevant anyway , it 's fake , it 's removed . 
  do n't be silly , the furthest the majority of brits go is tutting loudly . 
   us anti-is officials had 2 fears on russian in syria : `` their different attitude to collateral damage & what if they bomb forces we support ? '', 
  the main point here is different attitude to collateral damage . 
  our forces are useless against islamic state who use human shields because we 're so afraid of killing any innocents , which given the 200,000 we killed in iraq is a little ironic . 
  russia wo n't have this qualm and they 'll bomb regardless . 
  expect islamic state to be defeated within a week or two . 
  sounds like someone was having a little bit of roid rage . 
  i think it would be far more cruel than sending them back to syria , to transport them on ryan air . 
  obama will say `` continued air strikes against moderate rebels will be a red line '' . 
  they will continue and obama will say `` well i 'm only here for another year , fuck it '' . 
  it happens i guess , makes you wonder where dpa were getting their source from to fall for this ? 
  because of a tweet from a different news agency to the one i posted ? 
  no bother , someone pointed out it was hoax and i figured it 'd be removed , in my defence dpa did n't say it was a hoax until after i 'd posted . 
  white flags are surrendering . 
  ah , i 'll remove it if it turns out to be the case . 
  to be honest i only posted it because an editorialised version got removed . 
  the simple solution is to just shut airports to ryanair , it will immediately be put out of business . 
   you have to design the `` mass producable '' tanks . 
  then you have to test them to make sure they work .
