  now i 'm just imagining a 50ft theresa may rampaging across europe . 
   `` nukes did n't stop the theresa may apocalypse '' - jeremy corbyn, 
  having had enough of the migrant camp in calais , teresa may decided to extend british borders even further , to paris and enforce her authoritarian will on our liberal neighbours . 
  that 's fine , theresa may does n't govern france . 
  ah i see , understood . 
  depends how many nukes are involved , if all active warheads are deployed ( very realistic outcome ) then there are enough to obliterate everything by covering every bit of land mass . 
  but you 're right , that wo n't really happen since remote regions wo n't be targeted . 
  a lot of people will just die in agony from the fall out , the ones that survive the radiation have nuclear winter and starvation to look forward to , not just because the winter will mean less food , but because animals and plants will die just like humans , so finding food will be hard . 
  survival is possible but most calculations suggest that surviving plants and animals will be few and far between , the earth would just become a dead icy wasteland with life beginning anew as it did when life first began . 
  so 2 billion years or so later , we 'll have intelligent life again , yay !, 
  `` nukes did n't prevent the eu referendum '' - jeremy corbyn, 
   this is especially true for middle eastern culture . 
  i 'm trying to make sense of what you said . 
  what you do , is you grow weed on the roof . 
  you avoid the fine and it pays for itself . 
  ah , thought you were asking it in a loaded way as if they never did it . 
  my apologies i should n't assume . 
  i have no way of providing exact figures as they 're publicly available , i can only provide sources of it happening . 
  well you did n't ask about frequency , what does it matter ? 
  if they both do it , they both do it . 
  to be honest i doubt i can get exact numbers because that 's the kind of thing militaries do n't share . 
  i can get evidence that nato do it and did n't claim otherwise , nor do doubt you that nato does it 1/10th as much . 
  only moderately , as in they moderate who they massacre which is just gays , christians and jews , not like the is which massacre everyone . 
  no , the main amount of time is spent in the sub-orbital cruising stage , stage 2 . 
  this is where the missile travels the globe to where it needs to be , the m51 takes about 30 minutes to travel to the other side of the world ... 
  so the world would end in about 40 minutes if you consider the other side detecting and retaliating . 
  nordic food ? 
  a leg of lamb and a tankard of mead ? 
  what they want is sending right back syria . 
  because middle easterners are less than animals ? 
  `` i expected to kill people and live in luxury , what the fuck is this ? '', 
  5/6 are called mohammed so ... 
  the illiterate ones are all the russian kids they stole . 
  now my wallpaper , was pretty free . 
  yep , but not prisoners , killing prisoners of war is illegal :  according to the icrf , the `` viking '' fighters tortured captured soldiers . 
  besides , according to the materials of the criminal case , nikolai karpyuk took part in the execution of 11 captured soldiers . 
  source : http://eng.kavkaz-uzel.ru/articles/32998/ \u00a9 caucasian knot that 's another case of this group . 
  murderer sentenced to prison ... 
  no one disputes he killed the russian soldiers . 
  some people are ridiculously honest and would declare x goods just because of that . 
  source : deal with people on a regular basis who declare and provide things they do n't need to all the time . 
  guess it depends on the university , that said the event is open to more than just su members , so it 's still a public event regardless . 
  if they want the ability to enforce these bans it has to only be open to su members , my first ever freshers as it was connected to the bar and i fell afoul of one of these ridiculous bans , i challenged it and they did nothing but seethed quietly in the corner , while muslim students the ban was supposed to be protecting were completely unoffended by me flaunting it . 
  the m51 is a brilliant piece of kit !, 
  it 's still being tested for underwater . 
  the engine itself carried the rosetta probe , it is a three stage sf missile , very accurate and efficient . 
  the first stage can reach sub-orbit in just 3 minutes where second stage will cruise nicely to its destination , which once reached third stage will release warheads to earth and they 'll reach their targets in just 2 minutes . 
  i 'm not sure if these are using the new galileo guidance systems yet but i am waiting in anticipation to see how this rocket performs !, 
  i agree if it 's drawn on jewish stuff yes , there is the obvious nazi motivation . 
  since the original point was just graffiti i was assuming any where . 
  if someone drew a swastika on a bridge or something i would n't necessarily say it was a hate crime as it could be just some bored teenager , heck , i think i even graffiti 'd a swastika once when i was a kid , and i did n't support the nazi 's nor do i now , nor have i ever . 
  i was just being edgy . 
  `` unless it 's a farm '', 
  in the uk a swastika drawn anywhere is classed as a hate crime , so forgive my assumption . 
  but to be honest it does n't matter what they 're drawing , if it 's on people 's houses then it 's just plain wrong . 
  basically `` this is a different social view and should be banned from the world , begin the book burning '' . 
  at least now we know where all the religious nuts in this country have gone . 
  no , they would enforce it if it was a private event in a private space , but this is a semi-private event in a public space . 
  there is nothing to enforce because no crime is being committed . 
  private event open to the public ? 
  nope . 
  this is n't a private event in a private space , they have zero power , if you attended a su meeting with one of the books , then yes you could be , but that 's not what the freshers fair is . 
  well this is already crime anyway , trespass , criminal damage , harrassment . 
  i thought op was saying just drawing a swastika , which as long as it 's not against other laws , free speech . 
  but that was n't even my point , my point is if people stop being bothered by it as a symbol , the symbol loses all its power . 
  for those that do this on jewish houses , these are cunts and should be hung . 
  not at all , but think of it like this , people stop being offended or being bothered by the swastika . 
  the symbol loses all of its power and disappears anyway . 
  i also think most of the swastika graffiti in the world is just teenagers being edgy rather than neo-nazis , sure they use it too but i bet they 're the minority of cases . 
  so things that should n't be a crime because of free speech , and people getting triggered because of a 2 line symbol which when it comes down to it is a two line symbol . 
   huh ? 
  when i was in oxford freshers ' fair was limited to two floors in the examination schools . 
  must just be oxford , i attended bradford and leeds unis , in bradford it took up the entire student area . 
   call the police and have you removed from the premises , that 's what . 
  no they ca n't , the student union does n't own the campus , only the university can do that . 
  i 'm saying they ca n't enforce these bans even at the events , not world wide . 
  that they have absolutely no power outside of their little cabal meetings . 
  if by `` buzz '' you mean fly just outside it . 
  regularly , it 's perfectly legal to do , do you really think that nato would never do such a thing ? 
  i 'll find some sources tonight , but i would ask you how they get all this aerial surveillance from russian borders without doing so . 
  * `` it 's crazy ... 
  but it just might work '' *, 
  but i 'm not busy saying or believing that , but when the white house admits that coalition forces were responsible for 200,000 , you have to think that maybe you can quote that number . 
  the beginning of the iraq war baghdad was bombarded by cruise missiles and general bombardment , there have been many drone strikes and those numbers eventually add up . 
  i 'm not sure they can even do that as the fair takes up most of campus . 
  seriously , if you went in with a magazine and they told you it was n't allowed and you said `` go fuck yourself '' what can they actually do ? 
  nothing is what . 
  anyone can just walk in there . 
  just a note guys , student unions can not ban anything . 
  they can not enforce these bans , so everyone in oxford should buy these mags and go to the uni . 
  which part , or do you just not like it and deny it ? 
  the white house has admitted to those casualties caused by the coalition . 
  i 'd say the leader of the coalition saying they killed 200,000 civilians would be pretty good proof . 
  the un have this figure up at 1.7 million , so the fact i went for the lower figure ... http://www.globalresearch.ca/shocking-truth-of-british-involvement-in-the-deaths-of-6-8-million-in-iraq-and-afghanistan/5478758, 
  but there uses for that 1 tonne of dynamite , such as letting people know if they use 1 tonne of dynamite on you , you 'll use 1 tonne of dynamite right back at them . 
  yep , i read it thinking it 'd be a laugh reading through the conspiracy theory rubbish , i was disappointed to find a real sane article . 
  editorialised tinfoil hat wearing nonsense . 
  we only have enough nukes to destroy half the planet . 
  some would say this is half as many as we need . 
  i agree that its not cost effective , having it submarine based is n't cost effective , it 's strategically effective .
