  the only advantage russia has are its sheer numbers . 
  not really , in the bigger picture . 
  under the nato arrangement , invasion of any nato state would bring the wrath of both britain and the us upon russia anyway . 
  if russia were going to take on the full force of nato by invading the baltics , then they 're not going to be concerned by british troops being there . 
  you 're right , i 'm just questioning the wording of the title and article , as the article implies it would deter russian aggression , when in reality if they were going to invade , a couple of hundred british troops are n't going to deter anything . 
  do n't forget we 're the only eu nation to take refugees directly from the syrian camps to try and stop them making the journey across the med . 
  we can do that too . 
  yeah , it 's completely out of touch with reality to expect parents not to put their children in very real danger . 
  tell me this though , they find bodies of children but no adults , funny that . 
  it 's almost as if they were thrown overboard as a burden . 
  i admit it , british tax money is spent on british people first . 
  the rest of the world can burn in eternal hellfire for all i care , because other countries being shitholes is for their countries to fix . 
   the rest of your delirium i wo n't even address . 
  the intellectual limit of the left . 
  `` you 're wrong , i 'm not going to tell you why , but i totally have a reason you are '', 
  i 'm sure the several hundred thousand russian troops in russia will be shaking in their boots at the thought of those few hundred british soldiers stationed so near . 
  africa will run out of working age men to keep sending . 
  the progressive left have never been able to intellectually construct a coherent argument . 
  it 's just `` i think this '' then decrying opponents as racists . 
  russia has no intention of invading turkey , so it 's irrelevant . 
  they should start with cracking the largest migrant smuggling gang in operation . 
  the german government . 
  i do n't recall anecdotes being any less valid in this sub , experience is how personal opinion is formed , so if i speak from experience why would it invalidate my opinion ? 
  anything positive about russia in this sub is exactly the same of endorsing russia whole heartedly and sucking putin 's cock . 
  clich\u00e9d stereotypes are the best , it allows you to joke without actually being racist or offensive . 
  or would you have preferred a funnier more offensive one ? 
  source ? 
  i disagree , i think the arab spring was a directly caused by the iraq war , i base this on my opinion not fact so if you can source some material i 'll back down . 
  but it 's my opinion from the events of the time that having a previous dictatorship overthrown and a `` democracy '' where not only can people vote and have a say , but women can now go to school and speech is no longer censored ( despite all the bad in iraq ) , triggered the revolutions in dictatorships across the middle east . 
  the thought that they can overthrow these powers and bring about democracy on their own . 
  there are some conspiracy theorists who would say that western intelligence had some involvement as well ... or aliens or something . 
   there is no such thing . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ankara_agreement  anything else is nothing but a trade agreement which have absolutely nothing to do with membership in eu ( even though certain governments outside of eu like to say otherwise to fool their citizens ) . 
  a trade agreement is a big part of the eu and the big selling point , they have this but no free movement and they 're labelled , by the eu itself as an associate member since the ankara agreement . 
  i 'm going to go with what the eu classify turkey as in this case since they 're the top level source on this . 
  a bit a difference though , turkey do receive some of the benefits of an eu member , russia receive no benefits from nato . 
  hell you can downvote all you like , it does n't change the facts : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ankara_agreement the only thing turkey does n't yet get are all of the trade benefits and free movement , everything else is near enough the same . 
  ie , they 're not in the eea . 
  the criticism is n't directed at him for what he said , more directed at him because he indirectly created the islamic state by spearheading numerous invasions . 
  `` and this is why we helped kill 2 million of them since 2003 '', 
  all thanks to siemens . 
  the article is mum on that in my opinion , it says there is a risk of investment but it does n't say why that would lead to an accidental exit . 
  i really hope the guy yesterday who said they did n't have this ship to ground ability can reply to this and admit i was right . 
  they 're an associate member of the eu , which means they 're a member of the eu not in the eea . 
  which is what i said . 
  * associate eu member - did n't need to say that though because i pointed out they 're not in the eea . 
  they 're basically an eu member not in the eea . 
  indians get treated normally in this country , there are n't many who look badly on indian migrants , the ones that come here are skilled because they have to be to get in , they work hard and they integrate well . 
  if you 're asking from a stereotypical point of view , then i imagine a few people would assume `` good afternoon tech support , have you tried restarting it '' are the first english phrase people in indian learn . 
  we have a few gaming companies in this country but they 're difficult to get work at , i 've applied for lionhead studios countless times . 
  i 've done some contracting work for ea games but that was about 18 months ago and was a bit of functional programming improvement to the game control/processing/action engine for the star wars battlefront game . 
  since then i 've had 1 other piece of contract work with maxis ( part of ea ) , as you may note this work does n't require you to be in the uk as i bid online for the work . 
  as i have a lot of experience with pure data which maxis games use ( sims , spore etc ) when work is contracted out i can manage to get it , but it 's few and far between . 
  most of my freelance work is n't in the games industry which is a shame as it 's where i 'd like to end up . 
  there are game studios it 's just hard to get work there . 
  i imagine it thinks video games are the cause of all the crime and violence . 
  turkey is a member of the eu , not the eea . 
  turkey does n't meet the requirements needed to become part of the eea , and while edrogen rules , i doubt it ever will . 
  edit : downvotes for bloody semantics . 
  from wikipedia : `` turkey has been an associate member of the eu since 1963 . '', 
  i clearly just said they were n't in the eea so they can not work here without visas and they do n't get the same benefits as full members . 
  instead of downvoting , try doing some research . 
  because it 's only going to get worse ? 
  as i said elsewhere in this thread , following public will is n't usually the answer , but as a democratic government there should at least be a compromise . 
  in this instance there is no compromise , there is the government doing the exact opposite . 
  precisely what an extreme party would eventually do . 
  i think you 've missed the point and assumed i agree with that . 
  was the joke a little too edgy for you ? 
  mate , when you grow up and enter the real world you 're in for a really big culture shock . 
  safe spaces do n't exist in real life . 
   not entirely true imo . 
  extremism isnt decided by majority vote , but rather by whether or not people are tending too far in a single direction on one issue . 
  even a majority of people can still be extreme . 
  i agree , i probably did n't word it well but what i meant was 80 % can still be extreme as you said , a party not following this extremism is n't extreme from a political compass point of view , but more extreme in that they are being undemocratic , especially if , as in this case , they go in the complete opposite direction to what 80 % of the population want . 
  i 've said this all along with social media , when celebrities complain about death threats for example then get the police involved . 
  it 's the internet , this has existed on the internet since before it was made so simple to use even the most dimwitted could post 256 characters of drivel . 
  there is a block button , even an remove account button . 
  if you do n't do these it should n't be a police issue , if you do these and get doxxed and still receive threats , fair enough . 
  in the uk police get involved in `` cyber bullying '' which consists of children sending such messages to each other on facebook . 
  it 's ridiculous that police resources are wasted on stupid shit like this , block and move on . 
  or tell a teacher or someone . 
  if someone really wanted you dead , and i mean was really serious about killing you , they would just use your social media , dox and find you and kill you and it would n't be very hard to do . 
  tl ; dr - it 's social media , if you do n't like how the internet is run , do n't use it . 
  depends how you call her a populist , currently she is a populist based on social media opinion , which is overly left wing . 
  this does n't make her a populist in reality because the majority of the german population does n't agree with the same narrative that social media does . 
  turkey ? 
  the nation with all the european slaves was opressed ? 
  in * your * opinion . 
   and said she had received rape and death threats . 
  after technically making a death threat yourself , whether joking or not . 
  not like you deserve sympathy really . 
  what subject are you good at ? 
  it 's completely self-reliant , dave . 
  i think a couple of people sniggered a bit . 
  i guess you find very little funny , especially with all that time you waste writing complaint letters . 
  fuck you queen lizzy !, 
  which is evident by the desert or ice age we now live in , all this damage done we see every day , which is n't even slightly the same as it was 200 years ago . 
  newsflash , jokey comment is n't factual . 
  it 's a self driving car , why would it need a test driver ? 
  i appreciate that blanket closing the borders is impractical .
