  but you just said why that does n't work , even if the nukes are in germany , what guarantee do you have that the us will launch them ? 
  alright , i 'll bite . 
  why should the uk parliament put eu citizens on the same level as the ones it is elected to represent ( uk citizens ) just because we have mep 's ? 
  i do n't think it really counts when the country has natural borders , if they were german nukes ( they 're not allowed their own ) it 's be a non-issue . 
  but they 're not , they 're us ones which do n't really need to be there , given an icbm from launch can hit anywhere on the planet within 15 minutes , why does any country feel the need to have its missiles outside of its own borders ? 
  because our government is an elected representative of our entire nation , not regional fifedoms . 
  as such our government represents the whole population , while mp 's represent their region . 
  each of these respectively should come first . 
  we can call these new constituencies `` safe spaces '' . 
  no , the uk should prioritise in order with uk citizens being top , above eu citizens . 
  because we were perfectly fine with it when russia put missiles in cuba ... 
  happy with our number , but not happy about this getting pushed through at all . 
  in fact , the fact we do n't have to take any makes me wonder why we even got a vote on this ? 
  identity politics means better mp 's do n't get selected as candidates due to their race and gender , which is pretty much discrimination . 
  no , the fences are around our own countries . 
  but the bbc is n't left wing biased at all . 
  parliament is n't representative of the uk population by race . 
  there are n't enough white mp 's for it to be representative by race . 
  by gender there are too many men but not overly out of representation . 
  why would n't a parliament of a country have more white people in parliament when the population is predominately white ? 
  this is just left wing shite , the best mp for the job regardless of race or gender is what we want . 
  i think the standard protocol is a years of training equivalent to final year university , which a lot is done in the hospital itself . 
  it 's not unreasonable and they can probably work at the same time for example in a&e where these procedures are n't really required anyway as the procedures are pretty much standard any where you go . 
  that said though , there is a cost associated with retraining them . 
  i would also so importing these doctors is a bad thing as well , syria is in turmoil and needs doctors and nurses , if they all move here a lot of people will suffer . 
  they can be , but you need to be able to see pass the test in the first place , a surgeon for example may be one of the best in the world , but if they are n't familiar with micro surgery or the latest techniques they ca n't perform surgery in the eu . 
  hospitals will not allow doctors to perform outdated procedures so they will need to be taught the new ones . 
  they will obviously be able to learn them easily, 
  was referring mainly to doctors and engineers than computer science . 
  not out of the stone age no , but if you 're not familiar with the latest technology and hospitals in the eu are n't using techniques you 're familiar with , you need a years retraining in medicine . 
  because they do n't have the technology we have , so they could n't have been trained to our standards . 
  alright , fuck off then . 
  typical , fuck what the people want . 
  well you 've just guaranteed the uk will vote out of the eu which will lead to it 's eventual destruction . 
  congrats brussels . 
  actually , moving them to a nation of their own would be a perfect idea , preferably an unconnected mass like greenland . 
  then when they fuck up that country , they ca n't migrate because there 'll be an ocean and a current that sends bodies to the arctic where no one will see them . 
  this is really pushing it now ... next there 'll be a 102 year old who used to sweep the road leading to the camp . 
  there comes a point where this needs to be stopped ... she was a radio operator ... 
  i mean , basically this is admin ... a telephone monkey taking down notes for the commander . 
  i 'm all for prosecuting people who actually were involved in the murder , but now going after accountants and admin staff , which someone had to do it , should they have been shot for desertion ? 
  i suppose if they did n't keep prosecuting people it 'd be forgotten about , then what would germany have to feel guilty about . 
  he should have been deported straight after this video . 
  being an ungrateful cunt should be grounds for asylum refusal . 
   but obviously you had to throw some silly ww 2 reference in as soon as germany voices an opinion that you do n't happen to like threatening to overrule the rest of europe if they disagree is n't an opinion . 
  your sojourn across europe in the 40 's was n't just a differing of opinion . 
  these are threats and direct action . 
   it seems more like some members of the european union have forgotten that they have handed over some of their sovereignty the moment they joined the union . 
  they did , into a collective pot , not into the hands of germany to dictate how things are going to work . 
   france and italy agree on this topic with germany , why again should the opinion of europe 's three biggest member states not hold any political weight ? 
  the uk is bigger than italy by population and economically bigger than both france and italy . 
  or do n't we count ? 
  op is actually a genius . 
  op did n't write the article he linked . 
  i 've been bitten a few times , it 's not as bad a wasp sting . 
  probably messing it up , scooping them up onto your hand they do n't usually bite . 
  even so you can just catch them in a bowl or something if you do n't want to risk it . 
  did they ? 
  that article was written about 70 years too late for the nazis to give that drivel a good looking over . 
  a bit of scaremongering , i live in the country side and get these in my house often , recently had a very big one in my bath that i let back out of the window ( could n't even fit it in my hands ) . 
  they 're harmless and rarely bite . 
   1 ) racism = privilege + power stopped reading . 
  writer is a moron . 
  un can suck my balls . 
   this is an important task because many people in europe are racist , european countries are arguably the most racist in the world and are doing way too less about it so you want us to import much more racist and intolerant people ? 
  i know a journalist who would be perfect for kicking them through doors . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sumer_is_icumen_in - 12th century . 
  they 're being used to restock another vault elsewhere . 
   why would we notice anything at all from climate change that would only be completed 50000 or 20000 years from now ? 
  do you really think we 're talking about that timescale ? 
  potentially , it was a random figure but i remember reading somewhere the next ice age was due in 30,000 years which is a fair way off . 
  i 'll have to find that source when i 'm not in work . 
   some , in the polar regions . 
  why do you put the bar so low ? 
  really , i do n't understand . 
  the worst that can happen is that we focus our investments on renewable energy production and energy efficiency , and switch to a predominantly vegetarian diet . 
  that 's it . 
  to avoid that , you 're willing to risk flooding the entire world 's coastline and turn the equator into a scorching desert ? 
  that is so absurdly irrational i really do n't know what to say anymore . 
  i 'm all for everything except the vegetarian diet , humans are n't herbivores and there is no reason to switch to a vegetarian diet , just switch where we get our meat from . 
  technology is already progressing enough that we may no longer have cattle in the next 100 years . 
   have you read the article ? 
  they explain their method . 
  do you think that method is faulty ? 
  why ? 
  yes i do , solar activity and natural variation are n't taken into account , there are more factors than just atmospheric composition . 
  there is also ice coverage which is a big factor too , while we have a rough idea where the glaciers were , ice cores do n't give you this information . 
  so if you have no idea how much of the sun is being reflected off the earth due to glacial coverage and not just atmospheric reflection/refraction ( which you can calculate with ice cores ) how are you supposed to accurately know the temperature of earth ? 
  you 're missing important variables . 
  http://www.metoffice.gov.uk/climate-guide/climate/what-affects-climate yes i read the article , there is no mention of these factors . 
   no , the composition of the ice is dependent on the global temperature . 
  my science is telling me this is n't correct , ice forms dependent on local temperature , if the average temperature is 11 degrees and the local temperature is -12 degrees , the formation of the ice crystals would n't matter whether global temperature was 9 degrees or 15 if local temperature was -12 ... 
  unless i 'm missing something your source . 
   so you do n't trust any predictions ? 
  you also do n't fill your gas tank , because you do n't believe your car will run out of gas until you observe that it stops driving ? 
  that 's not what i 'm saying , i 'm saying our sample data is too small to accurately predict . 
  your analogy is n't really the same as there is proven science behind filling a gas tank , if there is no fuel going in , there is nothing to react and produce energy . 
   you do realize that `` i do n't believe man-made climate change is real '' , in the public discourse , is just another way of saying `` i do n't want to do my homework '' ? 
  so supporting that claim supports those people . 
  for now the leading hypothesis is that man-made climate change is real ... perhaps that will be disproven eventually , but that slim possibility is hardly relevant for us now .
