  if we had land based silos we would require twice as many missiles due to the strategic loss . 
  while it would still be cheaper than submarines to do so , we now have many nuclear weapons across the uk land based . 
  if you watch sum of all fears , the movie is based on a tom clancy novel and is fairly accurate . 
  in a nuclear war the targets of the first strike are the enemies own nuclear retaliation capabilities . 
  if anyone ever was to nuke us they 'd go for our nukes first , where would you rather them be shooting , a port in scotland and the ocean , or a few hundred locations all over the country ? 
  it costs more , but given my answer to that question , i 'm happy we pay it . 
   how many times in history have countries fought to total extinction ? 
  what happens is , they leave the border and start negotiations and probably come to a peace treaty . 
  they fight for resources , there has never been a nuclear war that could lead to extinction , it 's not really a point i can argue against because no major conflict has ever occurred since nuclear weapons . 
  2 small ones were used in world war 2 and japan became subjugated by the us after using them . 
  they do n't have to annihilate us to win , but do we really want ruling by another nation because they could ? 
   so that make much sense logically when looking at history . 
  we can only now easily obliterate another nation , i can give you historical examples where invaders have wiped out entire cities after invasion , seeing as that 's the extent of technology that existed at the time , it 's apt as an example , genocide has existed since the dawn of humanity and entire people 's have been wiped out by it . 
   yea ... that would also cause catastrophic damage to the planet , that 's not a `` oh now russia is gone , we 're all totally fine '' , that 's an extinction level event . 
  doubtful , radioactive fallout is overplayed , there are the birth defects in cattle and sometimes people , increases in cancer but people live through it , its been less than 100 years since hiroshima and nagasaki , less than 50 since chenobyl , it would take world wide nuclear attack to be extinction level . 
   what other nations would even consider attacking us ? 
  certainly none that would also fear a retaliatory strike . 
  i bet russia would n't mind sending a message to nato by taking out the second strongest nation in it within a matter of days . 
  it 's not whether anyone is willing to , it 's about safeguarding against the possibility of it every happening . 
  global hostilities come and go and usually things move pretty fast . 
  nuclear weapons take time to produce , we could n't dismantle them then suddenly rebuilt them within a year or two , it does n't work that way . 
  luckily i 'm qualified in the field that means i know what it takes to make one . 
  you have dismantled trident and suddenly the global climate requires it again . 
  you need a couple of things , plutonium , currently supplied , when required by sellafield nuclear power station , 1-2 % of used nuclear fuel rods are plutonium . 
  as we do n't need it often , it just gets stored away as wastage and left to decay , orders are put in 30 months in advance for when weaponary requires renewal , as fission-fusion bombs require a fair bit of fuel , the fissile material we currently use is plutonium , of course , there is no reason we could n't switch to uranium-235 as the fissile material , but this would require a redesign to our warheads . 
  then you need technicians and the facility to put the bomb together , i mean uranium and plutonium is fairly soft , like lead so you can mould it without smelting , but you have the fissile material separated into components around the hyrdrogen core ( the fusion material ) the fissile material is greater than critical mass , it 's separate to avoid it going of prematurely . 
  then this is wrapped in high explosives , usually dynamite fitted with electronic charges . 
  the dynamite will explode , throw the fissile material together , which will explode in a run away fission reaction , which will compress the hydrogen to undergo fusion triggering a fusion explosion . 
  sound simple ? 
  well they have to be designed in such a way that all this happens and that takes considerable work and expertise and if you do n't have the facilities to do this , you have to build them before you can even begin . 
  remember this material is radioactive and technicians can only work on the warhead for set periods of time to avoid radiation sickness and poisoning . 
  it 's a lengthy process . 
  going on in conjunction to this is the delivery system . 
  modern thermonuclear weaponry ( fusion-fission ) use a multiple independently targetable reentry vehicle system ( mirv ) . 
  this complex device deploys multiple warheads and decoys to different targets independently , using advanced orbital guidance and deployment systems , it also tells you that you need to make a few more of those warheads listed above . 
  this is a complicated piece of machinery , it needs to be able to withstand launch , being in orbit and keeping its trajectory while deploying multiple warheads . 
  it takes about 2 years to build one with a design and 5 years without , longer still without infrastructure behind it . 
  the there are the rockets themselves , because you need to get the mirv into orbit , rocketry being my main expertise are very complicated and impressive pieces of machinery , if you do n't have the design and infrastructure to build them ( like us ) you need to find someone who can give you theirs , the us supply our rockets , but what if we 're not on good terms . 
  now you need to create an engine system , a fuel storage system , a fuel injection system ( all three without causing an explosion , fuel needs to be provided just right to maintain thrust and not too much to cause an explosion ) fuel needs to be stored correctly so it does n't overheat and explode , this is the main cause of rocket design failure through history . 
  coming a close second is navigation , the gyroscope and/or guidance system needs to work perfectly to get the mirv where it needs to be , this requires precise calculation , not only a precise trajectory but the ability to realign itself and correct its course is needed . 
  then you need somewhere to launch from , we use submarines currently , but if you scrap trident you need to build some submarines , this i 'm not on expert on but i 'm guessing submarines take a fair bit of work too . 
  tl ; dr you ca n't just change your mind once you 've gotten rid of it . 
   protection is a fallacy . 
  it does nothing to `` protect '' . 
  its aim is to prevent , but is both insufficient and redundant in that role in the modern world . 
  prevention is protection , its aim is to stop attack from major world powers , it does this well . 
  unless you have a source which can show a major power attacking a nuclear nation . 
   right , like libraries and swimming pools and sports programmes and junior doctors wages . 
  all complete wastes of money that add nothing to society . 
  i said wastage , as in mismanagement , the nhs is a massive clusterfuck of wastage . 
  if the government ever took action , it could save billions without ever reducing front line staff and service . 
  the nhs does n't need all those senior managers , administrators and being ripped off by private drug companies . 
   trident is outdated , not independent , completely inconsequential in the grand scheme of the global nuclear arsenal , that 's your opinion , i 'm in a large discussion about it itt and i 'm not willing to start another , if you jump in on that one and read my points i 'll happily engage , otherwise i 'm just repeating myself . 
   no way constitutes a threat to any radical groups which might actually wish to attack us it 's not meant to , it 's to stop other nations attacking us . 
   its renewal is opposed by members of all the major parties and military advisors alike . 
  bollocks , provide a source for any one of these , not one major party except the snp is against the renewal , jeremy corbyn does n't speak for the entire labour party and not one military advisor has opposed it to my records . 
   it adds nothing to our society . 
  it is the very definition of a waste . 
  just protection from instant annihilation , the risk is small , but i 'd rather be protected against it if we could . 
   okay ... but the us has been at war plenty of times since the development of nuclear weapons which proves this as not true . 
  not with a major superpower it has n't , while other superpowers have nuclear weapons , the us can not just attack people without impunity , the international community can condemn the us and give it consequences , if it is the sole possessor of nuclear arms , the international community can do nothing about it , which is why i said they can engage in conventional warfare with impunity , ie , they do n't have to obey international laws . 
  the would have defeated all those countries easily if they 'd just ignored international law . 
   so why would it be different if this hypothetical enemy invaded the uk ? 
  for the example i gave initially , we fight them back , even if we win , all we win is getting nuked , if our forces leave our borders to counter , they can be destroyed by tactical nukes . 
   actually it 's not since it would never be in russia 's interests to let the us be the only nuclear power , or to assert more influence in the world . 
  it would just trigger another cold war exactly , it 's not in india 's interest to give up theirs and allow pakistan to keep theirs , you follow this pattern and the only way you can get rid of them is if everyone does , which is my point . 
  if there ever comes a time everyone will get rid of theirs , i will be fully supportive of it . 
   which would never really happen , but okay . 
  even if that were the case , russia is a huge country and if the possibility of that exists would obviously make plans in their own country to prevent or limit the damage ( or at least make sure they could ` hit back ' with just as much force ) . 
  without nuclear weapons , how ? 
  their cities and over 90 % of their populate just perished , their entire armed forces are gone . 
  as big as russia is , the us has thousands of fission-fusion bombs . 
  it only takes a few hundred to completely obliterate russia . 
  as for it not happening , why ? 
  there would be no backlash for doing it . 
   i do n't get the point of this discussion though , we know these are situations that are never going to happen . 
  the point is , nuclear weapons will only be dismantled if every nation with them agrees to dismantle them , if that does n't happen no one will . 
   this is the problem with the debate about trident is that it 's never about reality , it 's always doom-day scenarios which will never happen . 
  they do n't happen because of mad , you 're missing the point of my scenarios , when only one side has them , the risk of these scenarios increases exponentially . 
   you can say # 3bn is `` hardly anything in the grand scheme of things '' , or you can say that we need to make hundreds of millions in cuts to public services in order to `` balance the books '' . 
  you can not say both . 
  we 're making # 12bn of cuts to part of the system which are a waste of money , trident costs # 3bn a year , there are no cuts to be made here , the americans wo n't do it for less . 
   and so this hypothetical enemy is just going to drop a nuclear bomb or threaten to do so unless the country surrendered ? 
  no , they do n't even have to use nukes , nuclear weapons prevent conventional warfare between major powers because they would eventually escalate to nuclear weapons . 
  since you ca n't win a conventional war when the lower will just go down the mad route . 
  if a single superpower has nukes and another does not , the one with nukes can engage in conventional warfare with impunity and a guarantee to win because not only can they not lose , because if they did they can just obliterate the enemy . 
  they can use tactical nuclear weapons to guarantee a conventional victory . 
  tactical nuclear weapons such as the ones mounted on artillery shells are much smaller than the world ending icbm 's , they only need to wipe out enemy forces , rather than the nation you want to occupy . 
  also consider a scenario where say the us now are the only nation with nuclear weapons ( pointless doing russia because we already see them as overly aggressive ) . 
  the world stage now changes completely , the us decides it 's going to invade syria , russia objects and sends some troops in to go after is themselves and keep assad in power , the us are unhappy with this and tell russia to remove their troops or else . 
  things escalate and the us launches nuclear weapons on mainland russia and decimates it , while engaging in conventional warfare with the remaining ground troops in syria . 
  the us has no intention of occupying russia , so what does it matter if they turn it into a radioactive swamp . 
  russia was completely unable to retaliate or defend itself . 
  this is why it 's either everyone or no-one . 
   it 's still not comparable . 
  i mean the world is radically different from even 50 years ago , a comparison to 100 years just does n't work . 
  you said that economically a third world war ca n't happen , i 'm questioning this pointing out it 's no different now . 
  wars make a lot of money for people . 
   actually that 's the exact opposite , the idea that they are a requirement is incompatible with the reality of the world we live in now . 
  well i 've told you above why they are needed , they are needed because others have them , if no one had them they would n't be needed .
