  when it comes to nation states providing evidence you either believe them or you do n't . 
  there is no formal geopolitical process for proposing evidence that discredits another nation states evidence . 
  it 's not their responsibility no , but while they have n't provided proof , they have n't said there was n't a ukrainian jet in the area either . 
  just to clarify this , there is a civil war going on , there just being a jet in the area does n't actually mean it shot the plane down , just that there was one there and as mentioned , i do n't think it was shot down by a jet . 
  so if russia says , there was a jet in the area , they 're not lying until they say `` and that jet shot the plane down '' ( i think rt did actually say that at one point though ) . 
   as a person that fundamentally believes in establishment and westernism i am inclined to believe the united states over the russian federation . 
  this does not mean i am not sceptical however , being sceptical is the key to doing your own research and gaining a better understanding of the events which surround said event . 
  i do n't believe either , i believe the independent investigators compiling a report , which is why i have no idea how i can be being downvoted , to disagree with me is to disagree with what the report says . 
  the rest of what i say are allegations which are irrelevant ; i think there probably was a jet in the area , but it had nothing to do with shooting the plane down and was probably carrying out some civil war related mission . 
  i think the western media were also spilling out propaganda as much as russia and i think the likely conclusion is rebels got hold of a buk system , were poorly trained and when an aircraft was detected , just fired the missile having no idea it was a civilian craft - which is my opinion . 
   plus you can detect whether images have been doctored or not , it requires specialised software but it 's possible . 
  if you have the original image , yes . 
  but the us wo n't release them . 
  i 'm not implying they are fake or should be dismissed . 
  but it 's irrelevant to the point , if you dismiss radar evidence because it could be fake , you may as well dismiss satellite evidence too unless you have an original . 
   all it requires is a little pod placed on the underside of the aircraft , it 's not hard to do or costly ; in fact its often referred to as the poor mans stealth because that 's basically what it is . 
  which makes an aircraft seem bigger , so what you 're saying is a smaller than an su-25 craft may have been near the area but ca n't confirm range , and had a jammer on it to make it look like an su-25 ? 
  what 's smaller than an su-25 ? 
  private one man aircraft ? 
  it 's a little far fetched . 
   that 's not what it did though , it just showed there was apparently an su-25 in near proximity . 
  why is n't that enough ? 
  why have n't the us disputed this with satellite images to say the air craft was russian or something ? 
   phrase 1 : report does n't say who fired the missile , it only points to the territory if has been fired from , and that territory was under separatists ' control ( so no chances ukraine did it ) i say it 's highly likely separatists did it , but there is a small chance they did n't and it was ukraine . 
   phrase 2 : report does n't say anything about the country of origin of the missile , so `` not by russia '' is lie . 
  my comment is n't where the missile came from it 's who fired it , the russian military did not fire that missile . 
   phrase 3 : yes , ukraine did has many of these systems ; however report states the type of the warhead that hit the plane -- and ukraine does n't have this type . 
  the amount of deserters to separatists is absolutely minimal ( < 100 people ) according to official stats . 
  ukraine left only one ( 1 ) buk system to separatists , and it has been documented that it was severely damaged before abandoning . 
  whose official stats ? 
  osce have it a little higher with countless amounts of equipment seized . 
  the report says they do n't officially have that warhead , but as i say , it 's very very unlikely to be ukraine who fired it , just as the report says . 
   ukraine left only one ( 1 ) buk system to separatists , and it has been documented that it was severely damaged before abandoning . 
  documented by ukraine , who have been proven to be spreading disinformation over the conflict just as much as russia . 
   phrase 4 : i have n't found any official us declaration with this statement . 
  contrary , us has said many times that russia is supplying equipment and ammunition to separatists . 
  i concurred with that too , however : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/apr/16/pro-russian-separatists-seize-ukrainian-armoured-vehicles it 's well documents they have been seizing heavy equipment anyway regardless of what is coming over the border . 
   end . 
  four phrases , all absolutely wrong . 
  so you say , but you have n't sourced anything . 
  but so were the west , i mention the fighter further down . 
  while i do n't believe it was the fighter , regardless , there was a big shit stir on all sides of the fence to shift the blame . 
  i 'd rather just go with what the report says , someone shot it with a buk . 
   please read with your eyes , and not just the headline . 
  deception may use a transponder to mimic the radar echo with a delay to indicate incorrect range . 
  [ 1 ] transponders may alternatively increase return echo strength to make a small decoy appear to be a larger target . 
  if we dismiss such proof based on the probability it could be radar jamming , then you also have to dismiss a fair bit of other evidence such as us satellite images which could have just been doctored . 
  but jamming aside , ukraine does n't have overly modern jets and i 'm sceptical they could successfully jam russian equipment given their aa is the only real advanced military they have . 
  but even so , you can still show an object leaving somewhere and being somewhere and concluding it was a ukrainian fighter . 
  that said , they only say `` nearby '' as in firing range , which is about 100 miles . 
  also to mention , the report dismisses this and i do n't believe it was caused by a fighter . 
   there is no such thing as `` radar proof '' ... and you source this by linking me to radar jamming ? 
  yes you can show a fighter was in the area at the time and where it came from , russia has the most air defence system in the world , i 'm pretty certain a pilot ca n't fart on a plane without russia knowing about it . 
   the pilot released the story to a kremlin owned run and funded newspaper , which was picked up by other such trustworthy sources as globalresearch . 
  http://www.globalresearch.ca/meet-the-pilot-who-shot-down-malaysian-boeing-mh-17-vladislav-voloshin-the-plane-was-in-the-wrong-place-at-the-wrong-time/5421363 i did n't believe it then , do n't believe it now . 
  i was just pointing out it happened as part of massive shit stirring . 
  the investigators report already ruled it out and i 'm going on what the report says over anything else at the minute . 
  really ? 
  the report is bullshit ? 
  the report as it stands ( still under investigation ) is that it was shot down by a buk platform by either rebels ( this is more likely ) or by ukrainian forces ( less likely ) . 
  but not by russia . 
  ukraine has lots of these platforms themselves , and at the start of the conflict a lot of ukrainian military personnel defected to the rebels , so for them to have buk platforms and operators is n't that far fetched . 
  the us have even said that the rebels are well equipped due to defecting ukraine forces , and that 's without all the weapons russia has given them . 
  i believe they were pointing to a ukrainian fighter which was in the area at the time , and that was n't helped by the fact russia provided radar proof and ukraine denied they had anything there . 
  a ukrainian fighter pilot actually admitted to shooting it down at one point , take that as you will but there was shit coming from all sides . 
  i 'm guessing her detention is standard practice for someone with human remains in their home without a valid reason , and that 's why the compensation is so low as it only relates to the false allegations of necrophilia . 
  the fact they had to investigate her for possible involvement in murder and had to detain her as standard practice , which is the majority of her complaint . 
  did they ? 
  all i saw was `` we did n't shoot it '', 
  that is an example of sphere of influence not a definition . 
  20 % of irish-uk trade is a tiny amount of total trade income, 
  they transmit data yes , but the voice recorders wo n't pick anything up if the crew are killed/knocked unconscious suddenly . 
  the data recorders record speed , altitude and general instrument data . 
  it would n't show the reason the plane broke up , just that it did . 
  no electronic or mechanical failure could cause it . 
  although i 've said it could n't be the tail strike , if it was , it would show the same data as if it was caused by a bomb . 
  the regions wanted independence , you know , like you guys on the maiden square wanting to be part of europe . 
  georgia began intense strikes . 
  peacekeepers were sent in and georgia fired on them , i mean any nation who has their peacekeepers killed would respond the same way , do you think if separatists had fired on the us advisers in kiev that the us would n't have sent a massive force in and ended the rebels in the east ? 
  also stalin was georgian and a bit biased towards them . 
  `` months of provocation '' non-violent provocation though , did n't exactly deserve a large scale heavy artillery strike . 
  the people there wanted independence and demonstrated for such . 
  georgia responded to this with a massive overreaction . 
  yes there was provocation , but it 's no excuse to use that level of force on a region full of innocent civilians , most of the deaths were innocents and not militants . 
  people always forget that artillery attack , was completely unprovoked and killed civilians . 
  gay marriage existed 15 years ago , just exists in more places now . 
  exactly , try pissing off sweden and forcing them to cut trade with you and see how denmark , norway and finland react . 
  they 're free to do nothing but we all know they 'll be cutting trade with you as well . 
  the people of those regions wanted to be a federal state of their own , russia has given them that . 
  i suppose when georgia fired heavy artillery on them , that did n't convince them to remain part of georgia all that much . 
  and the obvious nuclear war that would follow . 
  russia were kicked out of the g8 and sanctioned heavily after the georgia conflict . 
  also georgia were n't innocent in that war . 
  the explosive was probably very very small , if proper checks were done , it would be a liquid less than 100ml . 
  that 's a small amount of residue to find but it will be there . 
  it 's probably easier for them to look at the damage and decide if that was cause by an explosion or not . 
  the flight recorders may be some help but it depends , if the explosion caused the separation , the explosive decompression would be so fast the recorders may show mere seconds before everyone was killed/lost consciousness . 
  ever seen white people working in curry houses ? 
  no , because they do n't hire non whites , there is no shortage just reverse discrimination . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted , in comparison to total trade , # 3bn is barely anything .
