  it 's not , but we can pick and choose what traits we adopt from other cultures , which is how multiculturalism is supposed to work , we adapt the positives and none of the negatives . 
  in reality this does n't happen because we 're unwilling to disregard the negatives . 
  what we could take from japan is putting its own people first , is being at the forefront of technology and is encouraging people to work and be successful , and is not having politicians that give in to emotion and govern responsibly . 
  you do n't need the negatives of hyper competition in school and work . 
  it could be , 3 rapists walk into a british bar , and the bar tender says `` you poor victims of war , please take my home , car , all my money , my wife and underage daughters '', 
  reddit was around in 2008 ... 
  aha , so how is this comparable ? 
  i work higher than average hours than in japan but i should work more because you do n't like what i said ? 
  seems you 're just getting yourself all emotional and proving my initial point . 
  already work those hours , your point ? 
  people are far too emotional in the eu . 
  people need to man the fuck up . 
  we 'll take your women due to the risk to them of you allowing in actual rapists , knowingly , into your country . 
  everyone of your comments on here , why do n't you write him a letter and offer to marry him while he 's in prison . 
  it 's actually a thing you know . 
  not himself too !, 
  oh woe is fucking me , the poor thing !, 
  do n't want to home a bunch of incompatible unskilled people in their town ... obviously they 're xenophobic . 
  do n't listen to their concerns or anything , just ignore them and force them to do what you want . 
  because that will make the refugees have a pleasant experience living there . 
   and to not lose focus here , people hating on migrants the way you and `` that town in slovakia '' do , are a loud minorty . 
  what , on reddit ? 
  because the polls suggest the people not wanting to accept these migrants way north of 50 % , but i guess you do n't venture out of your closed minded social bubble very often to realise that most people do n't read the guardian and most people do n't want their taxes spent on giving these people who are already in safe countries a free ride . 
  but you 've probably never paid taxes . 
   `` 97 % is a minorty ? '', 
  how fucking daft can you be mate ? 
  well you said it and i could n't agree with you more , it was a very stupid thing to say . 
  i 'm glad you 've accepted your stupidity . 
  acceptance is the first step . 
  he fooled every single tester and other engineer so the board knew absolutely nothing about it . 
  thanks to your male conscription , the band nightwish formed after erno and thoumas had finished their service . 
  had they and tarja formed earlier they may have drifted to obscurity . 
  so there is that to be thankful for i guess . 
  despite all the companies doing it ? 
  did this engineer or programmer work for all of them ? 
  you forgot restriction on free movement , this is an absolutely huge want of the electorate . 
  this not even being negotiated is exactly what will get us to leave the eu . 
  this annoys me even more , the last thing anyone wants is far right party 's getting into power , this is exactly how far right party 's get into power . 
  i must have missed that discussion , i 'd never consider this good . 
  97 % is a minority ? 
   do n't see why everyone is so anti-refugees on reddit . 
  most of them are n't and even if they were , why the richest european nations ? 
  they 'd be safe in any number of countries . 
   i do n't think 90 % of the people here realise how fucking hard of a concept that is when you all have lived in a stable home for your whole life . 
  probably , but 90 % of reddit are bleeding heart left wingers , and you 're right . 
  they do n't actually understand the issues , they type long winded ill-informed posts like you 've just done . 
   imagine your parents struggling to get you and your family inside to a country 500 miles + away from your home to hopefully make a better future that does n't involve war . 
  these refugees have done this already , now they 're trying to move to richer countries , this now makes them economic migrants as per third safe country rules in un convention of human rights article 31 . 
   i ca n't even begin to imagine my parents doing that because we have n't gotten to that place in sweden . 
  that concept to me is unimaginable . 
  and so to say that we ca n't handle refugees in europe is a joke . 
  we can handle genuine refugees , but when 30 % are violent criminals and another 50 % just economic migrants , why should we ? 
   you guys think that these refugees will bring problem just because they 're muslims and that they 're only here because of our wellfare money we have in europe and so on and so on . 
  but think longterm . 
  maybe their parent wo n't get much from their education but if we get their children in the same school as you and me have gone in what makes you so arrogant to think that a person having fled a war ca n't go through the same school as you ? 
  https://humanism.org.uk/2012/08/30/news-1102/ - this , they choose not to . 
  it has nothing to do with being muslim as i 've said , i think all religions are bad . 
  it 's to do with their culture , they come from nations that few women as second class citizens and that non-believers of their religion should be killed along with homosexuals . 
  this attitude is n't specific to muslims , as the christians among them feel the same . 
  this attitude is not compatible with western culture . 
   the refugees that has come to europe is just a fraction of all the refugees that currently are located in turkey , libanon and around places in syria . 
  and you seriously see some 100k + as a threat ? 
  turkey and lebanon are much more culturally compatible . 
   and you seriously see some 100k + as a threat ? 
  it 's into the millions , germany accepted 800,000 last year , at least research the numbers ffs ...  i also see the argument here that the syrian refugees come here illegally and therefor should be denied entrance . 
  seriously ? 
  yes , they could have been granted asylum going through the correct processes in greece or italy . 
  they are forcing their way through europe , because most of them are n't genuine asylum seekers and would be denied if they went through the process . 
   do you expect them to know all the countrie 's law and such ? 
  all they know is that germany and sweden accepts refugees . 
  that says something about how the other countries have been handling this situation . . 
  when police and border guards are stopping them in their tracks and trying to get them to register as refugees it should become pretty obvious . 
   we helped the jews who had the flee their homes in ww2 . 
  now we have to help the refugees that are fleeing from their home in syria . 
  the jews were facing very certain death , as i said , the majority of these syrians are n't facing such persecution , especially not in turkey , greece , italy or wherever else they end up initially . 
   go ahead and downvote me but it 's just so sad to see so much anti-refugee texts . 
  people seem to forget that those people could might aswell have been you and me . 
  they 're as much humans as you and me are . . 
  the `` but they 're human '' argument , being human does n't entitle you to jack shit in this world , you have to work for what you want , not get it for free , you 'll soon realise this yourself when you work in the real world for a few years , then when you see `` refugees '' coming across europe , through all these safe countries to live off your taxes all their lives getting what you have ( possibly more ) without working for it , then come back on here and tell me how you feel about their entitlement then . 
  because i paid for a commodity , the commodity is mine , if it suddenly is n't mine i should be refunded for it . 
  otherwise no one will buy property in the first instance meaning property will fall into dereliction as the government ca n't afford the billions it costs to maintain them all as state property . 
  and i disagree with all those proposals . 
  i meant authoritarian not autocracy , it was very late . 
  because they made the eu house votes on population so those few we countries get all the say . 
  what are a couple of ee countries with only a few million people compared to that ? 
  ee countries get more of a say in the un than the eu . 
  this measure is extreme , what if you have a holiday home for example and you only use it 3 months of the year , you either have to allow refugees move there or pay $ 50k ? 
  it 's ridiculous , it 's meant to clamp down on big developers and investors sure , but they are huge companies who can employ a security guard and state `` it 's occupied 12 months a year '' . 
  they 'll loophole this and the people who suffer are the middle classes . 
  this is also a stepping stone legislation , how long before it becomes `` if you have a spare bedroom in your private home you need to move out to a smaller home or be fined $ 50,000 '' . 
  no government should be able to dictate what you do with your own property , any that does is a dangerous autocracy , it 's why the old soviet union was bad and it 's why this idea is bad . 
  forcibly removing private ownership ? 
  that 'll get the upper and middle classes on side !, 
  government does n't say anything , just tells zuckerberg to remove all the posts . 
   because us nato allies asked for support , because they are wary of russian aggression . 
  that 's why i said outside of nato bases , us has troops in non-nato bases as well . 
   although i agree russia is well within its rights to have its troops in its borders . 
  however , it constantly violates the airspace of nato/us allies outside its eastern and western borders . 
  nato jets also violate this , although the news articles from the uk , russia did n't actually violate the airspace , just came very close . 
  the border spans a very large area , it ca n't be that difficult to cross if you really really wanted to .
