  in the article she just says `` she 's a bit of an odd ball '' . 
  no actual reason why . 
  it 's eye contact or nothing !, 
  sham marriages are illegal . 
  fraud in fact . 
  stereotype warning : they went from wearing vests and gold chains , chain smoking and eating sausages with strange names and being in grainy black and white footage . 
  to being plumbers , builders and electricians . 
  tchaikovsky anyone ? 
  pretty sub par by russian standards . 
  nah , we 're pretty good at double standards . 
  as i 'm not romanian and have been trying to follow this ( difficult as no english sources ) is this guy any better ? 
  sure , but i saw this story on a credible news site and this is what popped up first and i 've never read global research . 
  so i know the story is true , even if the site is a tinfoil hat site . 
  hahahahahahahahaha !, 
  i mean , i know they 'll try , but they 're kidding themselves if they think russia will actually pay them . 
  was n't he removed from government or quit or something ? 
  it may be a made up blog , but that did happen , that pilot did come out and say that . 
  he 's lying , but still . 
  did n't believe it anyway so not really the point . 
  the only other place was rt and well ... 
  it 's rt. 
  i was thinking that , but i then my answer was going to be `` probs '' . 
  you could say that private tabloid would never write anything bad about something which would lose them money , such as their advertisers or benefactors . 
  but i see your point , it just makes me trust neither of them and rather gather from a few sources . 
  they 're all as bad each other . 
   earn to read your own goddamn comment . 
  also , your entire article is a hearsay . 
  it says so in the fucking article . 
  yeah ? 
  i did n't source that nor claim to source that . 
  i can source that . 
   i think my iq just lowered by a sizable 10 points . 
  i am done here . 
  ca n't have a lot left to begin with , the confirmation is n't that they 're claiming it , the confirmation is whether they were responsible , they already claimed responsibility . 
  op 's point was `` is have n't claimed responsibility '' but they have . 
  my source was is claiming responsibility , maybe learn to read what i was responding to i said `` is did claim responsibility : [ source ] '' so disputing what i said because the source does n't contain something else is a bit foolish . 
  the more likely explanation in my opinion is that the separatists were on the buk and had little training on the system . 
  once it 's locked on firing it is a push of a button , the training is in reading the radar , identifying and firing patterns . 
  an untrained crew spot a blip on radar at roughly 33,000 feet , if you 're untrained fighters you do n't necessarily realise that , that is pretty much civilian altitude , you lock on and fire . 
  which is why the eu is fucked . 
  i 'll reword ... `` 20 % of irish-uk trade is a tiny amount of irelands total trade income '' i was n't talking about the rest of the world , their growth will be considerably higher than that . 
  simpsons already did it : http://simpsons.wikia.com/wiki/burns_slant_drilling_co . 
  summoning the kracken . 
  you 're dismissing a source because kiev , despite the fact the osce have said ukraine lie in the media , have dismissed claims . 
  there is an information war going on , russia and the west are pouring out propaganda , if you 're going to dismiss one side because the side you support disagrees then your opinions are already decided . 
   the ukraine government or a ukraine media outlet ? 
  i 'd also be interested to see the source , it 's not like depleted uranium shells are uncommon . 
  it was a ukraine media outlet but a ukraine general or something ( i 'll find the source because it 's hillarious ) who said it . 
  it was n't depleted uranium shells , the claim was full on nuclear artillery shells and that 's why they 'd lost control of the airport ( https://lucas2012infos.wordpress.com/2014/09/21/theyll-ridicule-us-ukraine-defense-minister-claims-russia-used-nukes-21-september-2014/ - turns out it was the defence minister lol )  then it was most probably accurate , but unrelated and unimportant . 
  agreed . 
   why is this a problem ? 
  why do they have to deny a ukrainian jet was there ? 
  because russia said there was one there , you ca n't say it 's propaganda if no one disputes there was . 
   so are you saying rt/the russian state have lied or not ? 
  i never said they had n't , and yes they did . 
  but so did ukraine and western media . 
  i remember an article from ukraine saying russia had used nuclear artillery in donetsk airport . 
   i downvoted you once for not reading the wikipedia source i linked , but that 's it . 
  i have n't downvoted you apart from that . 
  i 'm on minuses , i did n't mean you singularly . 
   could you specify more specificaly what sort of range of this `` area '' that the jet was supposedly in ? 
  i did n't read anything other than being in the area , which i assume is firing range , which is a radius of 100 miles ~ . 
   there probably were several military planes flying over ukraine at that point , but defining what size this `` area '' ( i guess it 's the range of su-25 weapons systems ? ), 
  is would be very helpful . 
  about 100 miles , so no surprise there was one in the area . 
  you said `` the report as it stands ( still under investigation ) is that it was shot down by a buk platform by ... '' . 
  you clearly stated it 's not your opinion , but report . 
  this is lie . 
  what part is a lie ? 
  the report is still under investigation , and that it was shot down by a buk platform ? 
  have you even read the latest ? 
  first , you said it 's not your opinion , but report . 
  and second , report does n't say a word about a citizenship of a person launched the missile . 
  russian , ukrainian , separatists , report simply does not touch this question . 
  so report does n't rule out the possibility of russian personnel launching the missile . 
  it is in the report and the report has ruled out russian personnel . 
  osce never reported `` countless amount of equipment seized '' . 
  yes they did : http://www.osce.org/ukraine-smm/121504 click the buk part . 
   great . 
  provide another source then . 
  http://www.osce.org/fom/119991 - ukraine suppressing media freedom . 
   you said `` us '' . 
  guardian is not an official us position . 
  and second , it 's about six ( 6 ) apcs . 
  not a word about aa missiles , and it 's nothing compared to hundreds of tanks separatists operate . 
  equipment is being seized , because each piece is n't listed individually it does n't exist ? 
  stop being ridiculous . 
  http://www.kyivpost.com/content/kyiv-post-plus/separatists-seize-more-ground-build-forces-for-attack-on-mariupol-381395.html ukraine media - 250 pieces seized . 
   burden of proof lies on you . 
  the general rule is `` one stating has to prove his statement '' . 
  i am providing sources , you 're just responding with `` nope , not true '' . 
  your counters should provide sources , until they do i wo n't be responding now i 've given you 4 in total . 
   i 'm not the one talking about satellite evidence though ... you are . 
  all i 'm saying is that there is no such thing as `` radar proof '' . 
  if you want to take that to also mean that there is also no such thing as satellite proof without the original images that 's fine with me . 
  but i have not claimed that anywhere , nor have i argued against it . 
  so there is no proof to what happened outside the crash investigation ? 
  because that makes the report incorrect . 
   why does the us need to ? 
  if the us had to disprove every conspiracy theory that came out of russia it would never get anything done .
