   how amazingly sheltered . 
  in a debate in philosophy , which is exactly what this is , neither side is wrong . 
  these debates usually discuss differing views and thoughts and do n't involve belittling another view as it 's all philosophy and thus it 's all correct from a certain point of view . 
  if you wish to engage in such a debate where you are discussing the function of a metaphysical element , it would be worth noting that belittling quips such as this are unwelcome and just show you as someone who lacks the intellect to debate such things rationally and consider all views ... 
  which is key to such debates . 
  refugees come in to a nation to protect them from death , that is the only reason they are here and the only premise they are taken in on . 
  if they are not happy with that situation they can withdraw from the process and return home . 
  if society also had to provide work , education and entertainment the laws on refugees would change internationally and change dramatically , then barely any refugees would be taken anywhere , including those in very real danger . 
  why ? 
  because countries just can not afford it . 
  the choice of the refugee here is be bored or face death , why ca n't he find a hobby or attempt to better himself on his own ? 
  the reality is , the receiving country saved his life , pulled him from a burning building so to speak . 
  it 's not the countries responsibility to do more than that . 
  are n't they fleeing from certain death ? 
  exactly the same as you said in the uk . 
  neither are very good . 
  they do n't contribute to society , heavily involved in crime and leave everywhere they go a shit hole . 
  there is n't a great deal to like about them . 
  happened decades ago and all the people responsible are dead . 
  get the fuck over it . 
  on random phone apps you swipe right if you like someone with . 
  i know , i won quite easily . 
  with little military infrastructure and no long range missile capability ? 
  we can cause devastating damage from a distance , you can not , you also can not just build that without it taking years as you have no rocketry infrastructure . 
   who 's being naive ? 
  you think germany would n't have the capability to creater a greater army than the uk ? 
  after our submarines and silos destroy every single factory and army base . 
  how do you propose you 'd create this large army ? 
  what 's it like being so naive ? 
   germany would have been the most powerful country in europe for a long time as they are now . 
  powerful in what way ? 
  the british army is considerably larger and more powerful than the german one . 
  they 're economically more powerful sure . 
  germany has had 3 reich 's fail , you thinking fourth time lucky ? 
  source ? 
  no , but you can come into the country illegally , work illegally and live illegally in the uk . 
  what i mean is , they wo n't apply for asylum in france because they wo n't get it . 
  so may as well go to the country you 'll be better off as an illegal . 
  rebuild the viking empire ? 
  if you 're not a genuine ayslum seeker , then you ca n't apply for asylum in france . 
  he 's the tokan white guy . 
  do n't put words in my mouth pal , i said the middle east is too broad a term to discuss and asked you to be specific about what part of the middle east you were referring to . 
  not that it 's too complicated , but that the region has a very long history , is a very large area and there was a lot of british involvement . 
  if you refer to british involvement as a whole , i can only simplify and say as a whole it was positive to the region , until our recent involvement and the 1970 's iranian revolution , things were pretty sweet there . 
  my grandparents used to visit tehran regularly , it was a popular and safe destination for western tourists in the 50 's and 60 's . 
   you 're awesomem the immigrants are scum and other countries shitholes by virtue of not being britain . 
  i never said that , i just said i did n't care and that british tax payers money should be spent on brits first . 
  there is a difference between thinking people are scum to just generally being ambivalent . 
  short term , no there is a big economic benefit . 
  long term , we will end up worse off economically . 
  short term - more people paying taxes to support an ageing population , working in jobs the native population are too skilled to do . 
  long term - eventually the immigrants will also retire increasing the ageing population much more , requiring many more taxes to support . 
   abject . 
  abject poverty . 
  we ca n't be good at everything , never been good at school english , i 'm never going to write a book but i work in science and it 's not really required for what i do . 
  i 've never struggled with mathematical equations just because i get words wrong i do n't use very often . 
   your bullshit about benevolent colonialism is just that , and nice one dodging the inherited clusterfuck in the middle east due to british fuckery . 
  middle east is a big place and you 're not being specific , we had a lot of involvement in the middle east and it was n't all a cluster fuck . 
  in fact other than planting israel where we did , i 'd say our long term involvement was positive . 
  imagine if the ottoman empire had fallen apart without us being there , i 'm thinking the middle east would be a lot worse off . 
  but again be specific , it 's too broad a subject and area to argue my point on . 
  the problem is that nato would have to respond with armed force , nato has bases in eastern europe on the proviso that nato will protect them . 
  if nato just did n't bother to protect them , then these eastern european countries probably would n't want nato bases in them any more . 
   is that like when theoretically you do n't have anything to eat but practically , hey , humans are meat too ? 
  abstract has more than one meaning . 
   that 's probably because as we 've established above you 're either illiterate or a small child of some sort . 
  established how ? 
  you could n't name any country which has suffered as a result of english colonialism , india is very well of country for the region and china is the strongest emerging economy in the world , it 's hardly like they 've suffered as a result in the long run . 
  in the short term colonialism was bad , but in the long term it brought prosperity that the countries would otherwise never attained . 
  not illiterate , otherwise i could n't respond , disagreeing with you does n't make anyone illiterate . 
  not a small child either . 
  just a casual functioning drug user who finds smoking opium a relaxing and buzzy high that he does on occasion . 
  i would n't have said that , russia considered ukraine part of russia anyway . 
  india is a very successful nation though , it has poverty but i 'd contend that it would have had abstract poverty regardless . 
   also the chinese were not too ecstatic about the whole opium trade thing . 
  i still am happy about that opium trade . 
  morocco would , libya is in a shambles . 
  i do n't think it 'd take a great deal of effort to control . 
  maybe not , but i 'm thinking if russia attacked a smaller member and nato did nothing but fist shaking , then a lot of smaller members would suddenly rethink their membership . 
  that 's one hell of a bukake . 
  they 're factoring in purchasing power , i 'd say that artificially makes us higher than we are , as i pointed out the mistake with op , there is the financial wealth of britain , and there is the quality of life every joe bloggs experiences . 
  my point is just attacking nato will start wwiii , the troops do n't specifically have to be british . 
  which countries are you referring to when you say we left them in turmoil ? 
   no-one is `` well-off '' generally because `` well-off '' is determined based on the average and lies above it . 
  you invented the goddamn language , use it . 
  quality of life is a world wide measurable statistic that the uk falls massively behind on . 
  i used the language correctly . 
   also , since you pointed out that he 's comparing and contrasting british with greek living standards let me thank you for the clarification and say that he can go fuck himself . 
  there being a worse country in the world is n't justification that we too have to suffer . 
  yeah , that happened world over . . 
  quality of life is the best indication of a countries wealth , if the population has a low quality of life ( like the uk has ) , just because the country itself is rich does n't mean it is n't bankrupt , bankrupt is just a misuse of the term , what op is saying , is that uk citizens themselves are n't well off generally , which is correct . 
  so spending tax payers money on `` refugees '' which will further lower their quality of life is n't something a government should be doing . 
  it 's not like the government has # billions to throw about on refugees , it 's currently cutting public spending . 
   thank you for trying to label my intellectual limit though , as if you even know me . 
  when you answer an argument with `` i 'm not even going to engage that '' you leave yourself open to such judgements . 
  if you want to join in a debate contribute , if you just dismiss an opposing argument regardless of quality , it only shows you in a bad light , if you do n't want to engage it , do n't say anything . 
  i 'm thinking if they invaded their initial targets would be the nato bases , so it would factored in they would be hitting british troops in that . 
  i 'm not underselling us , while alone we 'd struggle against russia and lose , we 'd put up hell of a fight and it 'd be a loss on numbers , but they would certainly lose more men and weapons than us win or lose . 
  add in the rest of nato as well and russia would n't stand a chance . 
  our armed forces are better trained , they 're not conscripts or `` volunteers '' and they 're well equipped with advanced weaponry .
