  the us actually has capacity though , it 's a massive land mass with an already massive population , as long as they 're homed outside of major cities there is plenty of room . 
  the same is n't true for countries within europe . 
  you just put the ones that have come in germany , they put down the welcome mats , it 's their problem . 
  plus a german guy annoyed me on eso on saturday with his `` i speak 6 languages and i hate the uk '' for about 6 hours none stop in mournhold . 
  build a big wall with guards armed with non-lethal weapons . 
  it works for israel . 
  i recall referendums , or are referendums only annexations when it suits the west , because a referendum with a high 90 's turn out and overwhelmingly in support speaks for itself, 
  alliance = / = colonisation ? 
  all admirable aims , but then they go too far , `` mr x commits crime in his country but we 're going to campaign to free him because even though he is a criminal , we think because he 's not treated well in prison he should be released '' . 
  or they make reports like this and try to make out like hungary are being evil bastards . 
  low birth rates usually means low abortion rates as well , a lot being down to good family planning . 
  i can speak norwegian and french . 
  because we 're one big european group and would have discussed this vandalism prior to committing it . 
  has n't the eu * always * been under capitalism . 
  if russia feel that strongly about it , surely they can pay for it to be moved to russia where it can stand in all its commie glory . 
   which can be annoying for teacher , since you ca n't really avoid looking at the cleavage of a girl leaning forward on her desk when trying to explain something to her yeah , there 's nothing more annoying than cleavage in your face . 
   `` modest every-day clothing to avoid misunderstandings '' , i.e. 
  no see-through blouses and short shorts . 
  no word about covering arms/legs . 
  in fairness , whether reasonable or not , they should n't come into a country seeking refuge and ask for anything to be changed . 
  they should be grateful for being granted refuge . 
   crimea is more complex ? 
  no , it 's very simple . 
  russia invaded , occupied , and annexed part of their neighbor . 
  so we just ignore a 100 years of history ? 
   remind me when nato did that last . 
  he probably dived all along then . 
  because nato has been so welcoming to russian expansion in return , cuba was never isolated by the us for russian alliance during the cold war . 
  nato and russia are two massive military forces of opposing ideologies , neither would be happy with the other approaching them and both respond aggressively . 
  plus crimea is more complex , it is russian territory that was gifted and is n't even remotely ethnically ukrainian . 
  put it in reverse , if russia created a large military alliance with china , then started having south american countries respond and creeped up to mexico , how do you think the us would respond ? 
  neither side is in the right here but you ca n't put the blame squarely on russia . 
  left wingers hate britain , it 's no surprise . 
  but the man on the street does n't see these figures , the man on the street sees the people . 
  you need to leave a few though otherwise we 'll have no plumbers or electricians , or builders . 
  i thank these evil eastern europeans for doing so . 
  they 're supplying weapons , there 's no reason they could n't multi task if they really were involved . 
  societies that reward people who work and not people who do n't tend to be better . 
  the rabid lefty socialists do n't want you to believe that though . 
  russia has been supplying syria with weapons for decades . 
  at the start of the syrian civil war they shipped advanced anti air and anti sea missile systems . 
  they also have an arms agreement which even predates the arab spring by a year . 
  in the words of tyler durden : `` freeing ourselves of these symbols of the past is the only thing that can set us free '' . 
  why does everyone keep saying it happened 3 weeks ago ? 
  this has been going on for months with numbers just increasing . 
   all merkels fault . 
  when you make world wide broadcasts saying all migrants are welcome ... what do you think is going to happen ? 
  when you pressure other eu countries to not send migrants back in banana boats , but actually help them get to europe , what do you think will happen ? 
  yep merkels fault . 
  you know the syrian issue predates the ukrainian conflict right ? 
  also that a nation is capable of doing more than one thing at once . 
  blame merkel . 
  i have n't been to holland in a while , but i have n't seen any reports of anti-german sentiment . 
  you were probably just really unlucky and some dutch teenagers decided to do it because of the german plates . 
  it 's not like you had american plates , if you had those you could say you came back to a burnt out shell and completely covered in shit with `` go smoke a pancake yankees '' smeered in human bodily fluids , and i still would n't even be slightly surprised . 
  it causes a similar issue , while i agree muslims bring a much worse problem ( lack of integration and the fact their religion is ridiculously violent ) . 
  the social problems people want addressing in the uk is exactly the same , increase in labour pool which deflates wages . 
  then people not speaking english , we brits are miserable bastards that do n't like change or anything different . 
  probably said something loud and crass to the wrong people . 
  they also complain the girls are n't young enough . 
  the same poland that kicks up a huge fuss when the uk wants to limit eu migrants . 
  found one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbcctwbc8q0 all that sexual frustration . 
  germany trolled the refugees . 
  ah ok , apologies then . 
  bound to zurich !, 
  how the hell can any immigrant afford to live in zurich ? 
  local people who happen to speak arabic and get outside a closed border and happen to look middle eastern ? 
  they are upholding it , the schengen agreement applies to people with right to travel in the eu . 
  it 's all part of the same crisis , they 're coming from the middle east into europe , the route is irrelevant in the grand scheme of things , the route is just local issues affecting which ever countries it falls on at the time . 
  poor people from war torn syria . 
  yet they have a loud speaker and have had some where to charge it . 
  if you add it to all the other sanctions and the constant creeping of nato . 
  plus i 'm no where near as calm as putin , i 've played a lot of civilization and i 've never held off on nuclear war just because the population of my cities will reduce a bit . 
  nor should you , most of us who are bombarded with it daily see it for what it is . 
  maybe you only noticed 3 weeks ago , but i 'm pretty sure we were fishing them out of the med and dropping them off in italy some months ago . 
  expect this to be passed around the western media to paint hungary as a bunch of racists . 
  a majority vote removes the uk veto on this , so e-mail your mep 's to make sure they vote to tell germany where to go . 
  i knew this was going to happen when they starting trying this on eastern european countries . 
  eastern european nations are much less bureaucratic and will deal with the crisis in a more hostile way . 
  good on them though , if the eu had n't been pussy footing around on this issue and merkel had n't promised them a home in germany . 
  they would n't have to deal with it . 
   amnesty international . 
  if i was putin , i 'd be nuking someone . 
  until the eu starts enforcing it 's rules , this wo n't happen . 
  it would n't work , they would still come in large groups and try to get into europe . 
  the current rules on the eu are they must apply for asylum in the first member state they arrive at . 
  it 's actually illegal for them to carry on moving through member states as they are doing . 
  because of this , i think it 's unlikely they would also stop at a processing centre outside the eu . 
  sort of a stew with meat and spices , it 's a broad term to cover a variety of dishes , korma , balti , biryani etc. 
  it has to have some sort of solid in it , so a type of meat or whatever vegetarians eat , in a sauce of spices . 
  i hope that explains it well ... 
  the previous tail strikes that lead to crashes were poor repairs followed by poor maintenance . 
  if a tail strike is repaired properly and adequate maintenance is carried out so any fatigue is spotted , there should be no issue . 
  the japanese flight for example had n't had an additional plate put underneath the bulk head which was required to keep structural integrity . 
  i do n't think ( i 'm not 100 % ) there has ever been an incident following a tail strike when the repair has been carried out and maintained properly . 
  there have n't been any terrorist attacks in the uk since ukraine , so while they do see us as more of an adversary ( i agree with you here ) . 
  it 's only a presumption they would n't have shared intelligence if they had it ... of course now we kept it to ourselves , chances are they wo n't share any information in the future . 
  to be fair , we had no reason to withhold it anyway to a degree , i get there 's national security risks but i 'm sure a call of `` we have intelligence this was a bomb planted by is '' would at least have been something . 
  of course they did , no dispute there . 
  just nice to point out both main parties wanted this for when the elections come .
