  if the discussion was about whether we should scrap fossil fuels and go renewable , i 'd be all for it and i agree we should do that . 
  when it comes down to climate change there is another outcome not discussed so i skirted passed it : if man made climate change is negligible but climate change is going to happen anyway , no matter what we do we need to be ready and prepared , so investment in inevitable migration or adaptation is needed for an unpreventable event . 
  perhaps not , but they 're in the region `` advising '' just because they 're 10 miles over an arbitrary line is more or less the same thing . 
  you 're right , i do n't know what point i was even making there , apologies . 
   turns out , some do . 
  and they come to the same conclusions as 97 % of climate scientists today , until they are told to shut up by their bosses . 
  the 1970 's reports on climate change have since been debunked as the temperature dropped globally to normal levels and has started increasing again . 
  back then scientific models were predicting end of the world by 2020 , which we now know is n't going to happen . 
  this was n't down to them being stupid or just wrong , it 's because they had only just begun studying it and as we 'd had a short term increase in global temperature , the models and simulations showed absolute catastrophe for the planet . 
  it 's all down to the short period of data taken , as that data is taken over longer periods the models and predictions greatly improve . 
  that said the article is about global temperature increase due to increasing co2 levels , this is n't disputed by anyone , well , no rational thinking person . 
  i 'd like us not to mix up climate change and man made climate change , because there is no doubt about climate change , there is also no doubt pumping co2 contributes to it . 
  my only uncertainty comes from the effect of it . 
  fossil fuels come from long dead life , at some point the earth has had this amount of co2 in the atmosphere to begin with . 
   we 've got ice core data . 
  volcanic activity is trivial in comparison to what we do . 
  ice core shows the atmosphere over time which is the best comparison we have , there are some rock deposits which offer similar insight but as yet this is n't as accurate measurement wise . 
  volcanic activity is naturally offset to be honest , when you consider the amount of co2 absorbed by our oceans . 
   if you think our direct temperature measurements are insufficient , though , then there is no possible evidence that can convince you . 
  i do n't think they 're insufficient , i think only 100 years of them is insufficient , take into account the global temperature could slowly increase 2 degrees over 10 years due to some random event that 's 1/10th our entire sampling and it would cause panic in most models , then if the temperature dropped back to normal levels we 'd realise the mistake ( like in the 80 's ) . 
  but if you have say 10,000 years of temperature data you can come up with a much more solid conclusion that 's difficult to refute . 
  i realise this is n't going to happen until we can retrospectively measure previous temperatures . 
   so , of these four options , i 'd rather take the measures and risk being wrong , rather than taking no measures and risk being wrong ... 
  i 'm strongly in favour of renewable energy , just because of its longer life and investment in such energy has potential uses in future technology , such as space travel where a consumable resource is impractical . 
  because just like the un , a majority vote of the general assembly overrules individual vetos . 
  general assembly votes can modify the eu constitution for example , something which a veto would n't be practical . 
  saying `` i will not dignify that with a response '' just means it happened . 
  otherwise he 'd say `` no i did n't and lord ashcroft does n't have secret pictures of it happening '', 
  yep , i do n't say these things without merit : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-30847689 but like i said , they 're `` advising '' . 
  a veto is a special get of jail card we have where if the eu comes up with some legislation we do n't like we can use it and not have to follow the new rules . 
  yes , that 's why you get stories of children being shot in the face with rubber bullets , the idf do n't tend to use live rounds on unarmed citizens . 
  there is also a big wall too . 
  currently the uk can just veto these quota 's so we do n't have to take any of them . 
  if it 's taken to a general assembly vote ( do n't know if it 's called that but it is in the un ) then our veto ca n't be used . 
  detailed below in another comment in this thread and it took 15 minutes to type it out . 
   you mean mud slinging by pressure groups like the heartland foundation which is funded by big industries such as the koch brothers and exonmobil ? 
  no , i was very specific in the first post . 
  counter evidence which comes about due to natural climate change of the earth and long term environmental monitoring . 
  i would n't trust research where there is a clear conflict of interest , such as this . 
  i also imagine any oil company does n't normally have an environmental science division . 
   the science against man made climate change is overwhelming and overwhelmingly supported by climate scientists . 
  you mean for man made climate change . 
  the evidence i 've seen relies on monitoring of climate shifts locally and globally , the problem is as this is a natural process in earth the problem is sifting through what is caused by man and what is natural , this overwhelming evidence you mention is n't as overwhelming as you 're making out . 
  all climate scientists agree that climate change is happening , however the opinions then vary wildly when it comes to man made involvement . 
  from a basic stand point , pumping greenhouse gases into the atmosphere will have an effect , there is no doubt on this and i do n't dispute it , but how much of an effect and if this is leading to a catastrophic event which would n't occur naturally is open to speculation at this point . 
  we have only been recording the climate of earth for the last 100 years and it 's not a long enough sample for events of this magnitude which take hundreds of thousands of years , its the equivalent of a sample of 100 people for a survey then claiming the opinions are representative of millions of people . 
   it 's amazing that the opposing side which does not believe in man made climate change has been so thoroughly and completely discredited by the facts . 
  i do n't oppose the idea , i 'm on the fence , i 'm not saying it exists or does n't . 
  i can say the opposing sides have n't been quashed at all , as i said above , climate scientists are largely in disagreement about the effect we 're having on the climate compared to it 's natural course . 
  man made climate change is an event of epic catastrophe that would n't happen naturally . 
  the world hotting up a bit is not what this refers to , i 'm not sure if you 're mixing this up or not but there 's no doubt pumping carbon into the atmosphere is bad . 
   they do not have a let to stand on . 
  if you let yourself believe that there is still any uncertainty in this debate then the heartland foundation and other climate denying organisations have achieved their objective . 
  well my sources are directly from climate scientists and if they do n't agree it 's not as factual as you 're making out . 
  i do n't listen to those organisations . 
   it 's like trying to disprove gravity . 
  it 's not up for debate . 
  i do n't think you 're qualified to make such a statement . 
  the article says 3 womens groups reported it , if it 's still going on then i 'm guessing nothing it happening . 
  you think these crimes are investigated and punished ? 
  served in the army , went to war . 
  would defend my country to my last dying breath . 
  the kind that does n't also have counter evidence of just as much weight . 
  as someone who says there has n't been enough research into climate change and man made climate change is just a theory with conflicting evidence when you contrast it to natural climate change models , on changes which have existed for millions of years . 
  i think heading down the green taxes route is premature at this point and i 'd like to see a definitive proof one way or the other . 
  cowards ... 
  your mothers probably know each other . 
  so they do n't even ask for anything on that list at either port ? 
  yes , but i think you can get an add on for firefox . 
  someone is n't doing their job then :  ireland/britain routes irish ferries recommend all passengers bring a passport with them . 
  irish and british citizens do not strictly require a passport to travel between the two countries - some form of identification is however required . 
  please note that all nationalities except irish or british require passports . 
  non-eu nationals should check with the british or irish embassy before travelling as they may also need a visa . 
  passengers who turn up at our ports without valid documentation may not be allowed to enter either ireland or britain . 
  useful means of identification when travelling on these routes are : * passport * driving licence * european identity card * bank cards * photo id ( school or college ) * utility bills * birth certificate http://www.irishferries.com/uk-en/faq/passports-identification/ everyone except british and irish citizens need passports or eu identity cards . 
  just hit the `` translate this page '' button . 
   if that were the case people would already be going through ireland . 
  these migrants have no way of getting to scotland . 
  there 's a bit of water separating us , they can get to northern ireland easily enough , but getting a ferry across to the mainland is n't as easy from there . 
  yet they 're still a thousand times more tolerant than the nus . 
  video aside , powerful enough to stop a horde of immigrants walking through its country . 
  i did n't realise my grammar was so badly off . 
  i have n't seen my grandparents in a few years since i moved away . 
  i 'll have to give them a skype call and practice more . 
  why does it matter , the us have troops in syria `` advising '' rebel groups . 
  i doubt that , he 's a very militant , far left mp . 
  if he lurched to the right he 'd be seen as a massive betrayer of principles . 
  not to mention failing the mandate of the 250,000 left wing labour members that voted for him . 
  that 's the point , it is n't a lot for them . 
  2,000 per state , 200 per major city in each state . 
  hadrians wall is south of the border and does n't reflect the actual border at all . 
  the wall is also only about 3 ft high , i guess people were just shorter in those days . 
  wo n't be that simple , you 'd have a left wing pro mass immigration country in the north with eu membership with no monitored border . 
  people would travel to scotland then just freely travel to london . 
  it 's clear the calais camp over night . 
  it 's not easy to just remove scotland from hmrc and make them issue their own passports , then putting up a big wall and enforcing the border . 
  because he 's going to become magically less leftwing in 5 years ? 
  they need a majority vote , the eastern european nations will hopefully stick to their guns and vote against the quotas , the uk will have to because otherwise we 'll lose the veto . 
  countries i imagine will support the quota 's being , greece , italy , germany , france , spain , sweden , belgium , ireland and holland . 
  that 's only 9 so it 's a hope it will fail .
