  it 's not state-owned ... 
  can confirm : am person on the internet . 
  dress up like syrians . 
  which bit ? 
  the bit where cyclists have the same rights as cars and therefore have to obey the same rules as cars , or the part which says they ca n't ride on the pavement except where it 's marked that they can ? 
  i think that 's a given , no matter how catastrophic an internal failure is , planes do n't fall in two pieces on their own . 
  as a brit , i hate cyclists , if they 'd all just fuck off to the netherlands where the infrastructure allows them , that would be great . 
  just this morning i had some idiot demanding i move to the side to let him passed despite the fact he was coming down the wrong way down a one way street and the road is n't wide enough . 
  do n't worry , i just kept edging forwards so he knew his bike would n't survive being run over . 
  then when not driving it 's jumping out of the way on the pavement because hell , the highway code apparently does n't apply to cyclists . 
  does n't becoming a religious zealot dictatorship get them kicked out of nato ? 
  but those railways are for internal movement , in the event of invasion they would move their supplies to their western border making the rail lines irrelevant , they would probably supply directly from st petersberg and do what they did in wwii and loot the occupied nations , also for a temporary occupation supplies still are n't a great issue . 
   those are russia 's immediate peripheries . 
  russian armed forces could not even make it into central europe in peace time , let alone wartime fighting against some of the most advanced military equipment on the planet . 
  they 're currently in syria ...  i 'm not discussing this any further , russia simply could not take western europe ; let alone central europe . 
  why do you bother discussing anything , the minute you ca n't think of an argument back you just say you 're not discussing it any more . 
  the only argument you 're making is for long term occupation and if they attacked right at this second which is n't how things would go down , they 'd prepare , plan and the occupation would n't last long . 
  # 0.35 - for a tesco 's own pot noodle , you might say it 's unhealthy , but those meal deals you 're going on about are just as bad . 
  yeh obama , that 's why congress has to keep voting to raise the debt ceiling , because you 're doing so well . 
  while that is true , europe has no real defence in place to stop any sort of large scale invasion , especially since 2008 . 
  a lot of nations have been scaling back on defence spending . 
  the only real defence against russian incursion is in eastern europe and the baltics where the majority of nato bases are . 
  but these areas are pretty much in russia 's immediate peripheries , which as you say they have capabilities . 
  once these regions are taken , the fact that western europe ( on the mainland ) has no defences ready , regardless of logistics russia would n't have much trouble overwhelming the defences and occupying . 
  how long they could hold it is the real question , i do n't for one second thing they 'd be able to hold on to the continent for more than a week ( if that when britain and the us begin the counter attack ) seeing as their supply lines would be strained and there 'd be considerable resistance , i think they 'd be driven back easily . 
  but my point is , if they wanted to take , and hold mainland europe just for a few days , they could . 
  but there is n't any real reason or worth in doing so . 
   as englishman you ca n't write jack shit in english . 
  you not being able to understand is n't my language failings . 
   that still does n't change my point and fact . 
  or mine , which said mainland europe and did n't include it . 
  because i was comparing it to germanies blitzkrieg with vast numbers , britain is strategically harder to invade . 
  i said they were a sizeable part of nato , not europe ... 
  while connected , scandinavia is n't referred to as mainland europe . 
  firstly : http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/559408/britain-uk-raf-typhoon-military-attack-trident-nuclear all i can find at the minute , but i originally read it on bbc news so i 'll find that and edit since bbc is a lot more credible than express . 
   not armchair analysis from enthusiasts . 
  those figures are accurate because they 're pulled from military professionals , they say estimates because not so shockingly , countries do n't give out detailed information on the make up of their armed forces . 
  i directed you there , not for analysis but for the numbers and models listed for poland , those models and numbers are accurate , military analysis aside , poland would be facing 100 to 1 out numbered at best with slightly more modern weapons ? 
  they 're not defeating russia in all seriousness . 
  yes , but britain was n't included in what i said , mainland europe and germany and france alone could not defeat a russian invasion , they just do not have the army , france has the largest army in mainland europe and i doubt even with every other nation it could hold off such massive numbers from russia . 
  numbers only go so far , russia is mainly 1980 's technology ( with some modernisation ) and north korea is mainly 1950 's technology , it may only be 30 years but it 's a massive difference, 
   you actually said all of mainland europe . 
  which does n't include scandinavia , britain or the us ... britain and the us are a very sizable part of nato , so mainland europe is not the same as nato . 
  the article i read ( not sure if it was the same ) the vehicles in the maneuvers were 1970 's and 1980 's apc 's . 
  with modern vehicles you would n't have that problem because spare parts would be in abundance . 
   no , because they would n't be influencing europe or gaining anything ; they 'd simply be causing a bit of disruption to europe . 
  which europe can quite clearly handle , see russian food sanctions , invasion of crimea , incursions into nato airspace and the turn away from russian natural resources . 
  not necessarily , it 's a bargaining tool . 
  when the ukraine sanctions were put on russia , russia stopped importing certain produce from europe , french farmers and i 'm sure others then protested the government as they were suffering , france then began suggesting lesser sanctions ... now i do n't recall what happened but if you can influence a major european nation to go a little easier on you , then you have some influence . 
  my point mainly is n't that russia is a large of a player as the us , but that it 's larger than most nations in its influence . 
  if you set the bar at us level influence then there is only one super power , if you lower it to say italian or japanese influence , then russia certainly are a super power . 
   compare this to the invasion of iraq , that also started out as a conventional conflict ; where the american army absolutely destroyed the iraqi army in a matter of days . 
  russia took months to take back a single city ( grozny ) that was located on russia 's immediate border , america defeated an entire country half the world away in 21 days . 
  but look how the us did it , i watched the scenes on the news of the war . 
  baghdad was practically levelled with cruise missile strikes , the us was n't alone it was a nato invasion and i 've not once said russia could even compare remotely to nato . 
  most of the iraq army surrendered before the fighting even started , sadam held the country together with brutality , but when it came to defend their nation , there was no joint loyalty . 
  bbc news even reported that the us began test firing artillery a few days before the invasion date and a bunch of iraqi militia walked over with hands up and tried to surrender , the us were firing into the middle of an empty desert to test the howitzers . 
  a lot of the chechen fighting is on the ground , i think it 's a little naive to think russia could n't take over the region completely if they began full scale missile strikes and bombings but to my knowledge , they 've never gone at it that way , but i have n't read the chechen war in any great detail , but given at the time russia 's solution to wars was to just send in a big bunch of conscripts who were poorly trained , equipped and did n't want to be there , i 'm not overly surprised they could n't take a city quickly . 
  since 2008 , the russian army has changed a lot and is n't like that any more . 
   sure , it 's a lot ; but they have almost no force multipliers . 
  western armies are based entirely around force multipliers . 
  i read that , all of it but he also agreed with my point about europe , european capability just is n't there , i said mainland europe ( not britain or nato as a whole ) and the only major armies are france and germany and they alone would struggle against a russian invasion , it would be like wwii , germany did n't flat out kill 100,000 's of troops with their blitzkrieg , most of the enemy forces retreated and survived . 
  the speed and sheer volume of the advancements forced them to retreat and france was occupied , despite the losses to the french , belgian armies being quite minimal when you think about it . 
  would be the same with russia , fast advancement with large numbers , overwhelming local forces taking mainland europe . 
  of course the surviving armies that retreated to scandinavia and britain , with british and us forces will then counter attack and they wo n't hold the continent long , but they could do what i said . 
  who 's we ? 
  because historian do . 
  www.globalfirepower.com - i see where poland is on that and a detailed list of their armaments and models . 
  so yes , i do know . 
  it was said based on a full scale aerial assault from russia that our air defences and air forces could not possibly win , not because we lack superiority , but that the sheer numbers would overwhelm us . 
  this is true , however the same convention on third safe country clearly states that once they 've entered a safe country they can not then freely move on to claim asylum . 
  i think a lot of that is the lack of upgrading of vehicles in the first place , the vast majority of forces are still using out dated vehicles where parts are no longer produced . 
   so you do n't actually think we should , seeing as how everyone who arrives in germany will have to cross some european country . 
  that 's not true , there is an asylum process where they could be taken directly from camps , but we 're not going to do that ( actually the uk are ) when others are coming from european countries . 
   and you probably wonder why no one takes you seriously in your life . 
  one to talk pal , out of context and clear sarcasm , but i guess it would n't fit your narrative since you ca n't engage intellectually you 're resorting to shit posting . 
  really ? 
  because the first kid to die was n't that long ago and i 've been saying it since we first decided to ferry them over here . 
  i said europe , not nato . 
  i did n't claim russia could defeat nato , i said it vastly outnumbers all of europes forces , once the us retaliate it 's game over for russia . 
   russia would n't even be able to successfully occupy poland right ... 
   britain france and germany alone would be able to take on russia 's rather sub par military . 
  top british generals have already said that despite our superior technology and training , the sheer numbers of russian forces would overwhelm us . 
  it 's not that they have better armies , it 's that they have rather large one 's . 
   a superpower is a word used to describe a state with a dominant position in international relations and is characterised by its unparalleled ability to exert influence or project power on a global scale . 
  if that 's the definition , let 's go with that . 
  russia are a permanent un security council member and there is nothing that can be done about that . 
  they are a major importer of farming and major exporter of natural resources , partly why their economy suffering is low oil prices , but where the prices are low they have accessibility to europe through pipelines . 
  they could cut supply to europe and trade with china and ban all imports of food but they do n't , this could hurt them more so why would they , but the fact they could cause considerable economic disruption to europe would meet this definition ? 
  as for unparalleled in your definition , i disagree because if that is the definition , then there can only be one major superpower at any one time . 
  russia will never be able to compete with the us , but they 're on another level if you compare them to australia for example . 
   that is nowhere near what russian can do ... 
  it can barely win regional wars , the chechen war is a great example of how terribly organised , corrupt and low moral the russian army is . 
  but these wars are guerilla wars , sporadic acts of `` terrorism '' ( depends if you class them as terrorists or freedom fighters ) which are n't really winnable wars anyway . 
  if you look at other nations in similar wars including the us , it 's a struggle even for them . 
   that 's because germany was a super power . 
  russia simply is n't . 
  germany then does n't meet the criteria you just used to dismiss russia being classed as one , germany simply had a big army , politically it had little influence . 
  has enough nukes to end the earth , has a large enough army to single handedly successfully invade and occupy all of mainland europe . 
  the only thing it lacks is a large economy , but economy alone does n't dictate superpower .
