  you 're the one defending them here . 
   you blame literally everyone on that boat for the christians that died , even the christians that survived the massacre . 
  the double think with you is insane , you honestly need to go back to school . 
  you 're not even making sense lol , are your emotions getting the better of your rationality ? 
  i blame the ones who have mentality that this action is ok , regardless of religion . 
  did n't give any numbers , op admitted this point , not genuine refugees when moving from a safe country - article 33 of the convention of human rights . 
  hate and generalisations ? 
  i have nothing against muslims , i have things against people murdering other people because they share a different belief . 
  but if hating people who kill other people for no good reason is wrong in your mind then you might find the term `` vitriolic '' ought to be applied to you . 
  there is dialogue , you admit yourself the majority are not genuine refugees and the majority are harmful . 
  when i probe this further you call me vitriolic . 
  if you ca n't answer these basic questions , do n't debate . 
  was happening in international waters but in the economic zone of the eu yes . 
  the raping is happening in eu . 
  here in lies the real issue , only a minority are truly in trouble and the majority as you just admitted are as i 've categorised . 
  i fully support helping those that need it , but for that majority , you do n't see a problem letting in 100,000 's of people full of hate to save a few thousand who need help ? 
  you do n't think we should do what i said and push them back out of europe in large fully funded camps so those few genuine refugees can be allowed in and the rest sent back ? 
  because while you say i generalise , i do , but accepting 100,000 's of people into europe who will cause considerable harm is not the way forward . 
  i did n't group the entire ethnic group , i 'm talking about the refugees coming through europe committing these crimes who are not representative of an entire group . 
  which demographic ? 
  age ? 
  gender ? 
  religion ? 
  because i 'm willing to bet even if we pick western born male muslims between the ages of 18 and 34 the amount of rape and murder committed is significantly lower in proportions to the same male muslims coming through europe currently . 
  i 'm not a christian , i just find killing people over a different religion high grounds to refuse asylum . 
  yep , full of idiots putting words into people 's mouths . 
  aha , you think putting words in people 's mouths wins arguments ? 
  i think throwing anyone off a boat to drown because you disagree with their religion is bad . 
  i think letting people who would do such a thing into our countries is a bad thing . 
  no , a group of 70 threw off christians on a boat of 300 , so while they did n't all do it , the rest just watched people be murdered and did nothing . 
  you might not share my mentality but if i saw people being killed for no reason i 'd try and do something about it . 
  it 's a problem specific to upbringing , you spend your entire life in a country and social lifestyle where women are second class citizens , gay people should be killed and so should people who do n't share your religion , how else are you supposed to think ? 
  so while there are reasons for the behaviour , it does n't change the fact they will struggle to integrate and a large portion will cause a lot of problems criminally . 
  i bet if you took the proportions there 'd be a stark contrast . 
  there 's a difference though , a couple of people out of a few thousand politicians , even stretching that , a couple out of 650 at one time compared to a tenth of them on a boat and the others allowing it to happen , and the majority in a refugee centre . 
  if they 're on boats and refugee centres i 'd say it 's highly likely to be these ones . 
  the boat had several 100 people on board , it was n't a handful of people sending christians to their deaths . 
  these refugee centres have thousands of people in there and rape is rampant . 
  it 's again not a handful . 
  we call those people retards . 
  it 's funny seeing the reaction to this on there too . 
  `` how can this be when everyone in this left wing circlejerk that bans dissenters thinks he should be in power '', 
  do n't be so negative , i think a change is on the table still . 
  i would n't be surprised if they both emerged from the meeting and elton john was then as straight as a roman road . 
  isis are n't right outside damascus , the moderate groups are , it seems to make perfect sense to wipe out the enemy closest to home . 
  to me anyway . 
  i imagine those rebel groups which are n't professional soldiers would be wiped out very quickly . 
  the white house would then issue a statement deploring an attack on us allies and promising some sort of sanctions against russia . 
  sanctions will continue and these clashes will just keep happening . 
  you can almost hear the banjo 's playing . 
  a circlejerk within a circlejerk . 
  i 'll add , willing to do manual work to the list then . 
   volkswagen board member olaf lies an unfortunate name in these circumstances . 
  i believe there is intelligent life , i believe they 're also limited by physics like we are and can not travel here because nothing goes faster than light . 
  there are some theories which show advanced life is a lot rarer than we thought as a star needs to be in the right part of a galaxy as well as the planet having the right conditions too . 
  except these are nordic countries and it 's more like : this country is too cold , this country is too cold , this country is definitely too cold . 
  there 's a russian guy who comes to my local and buys everyone a shot of vodka then proceeds to tell us all how england can be lead to world cup victory . 
  i 'd say he integrates pretty well . 
  acting to stem the tide by distributing and homing them ? 
  it was much better when i first started going in 2006 . 
  now it 's becoming a bit like a gaming comicon . 
  still , where else am i going to see dunderpatrullen ? 
  bloody brits , coming over here and running all the nightclubs . 
  4 million skilled , working and socially integral migrants . 
  would have happened after privatisation anyway , which was inevitable . 
  private energy firms would also have imported and jobs would still have been lost . 
  i do n't buy fairtrade stuff because it 's more expensive , does that make me a bastard to those people trying to earn a fair wage in third world nations ? 
  but they shout louder than everyone else so you would n't think it . 
  define `` near '' because 50km is n't all that close . 
  i 'd also say , so what ? 
  a lot of people on here say `` ukraine can do what it wants its an independent nation '' , well so can russia , as long as those forces stay in russia . 
  seems better conditions than a warzone . 
  do you have a link to that ? 
  i was basing the only recent incident from the article of this thread . 
  yup, 
  which is easily reached , just need to have vw hit the emissions that they claim . 
  but it ca n't be worse than a war zone , of course i only ever go to j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping twice a year . 
  if the rest of sweden is like j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping , then i find it hard to believe you could be disapppointed , unless you left your pc at home . 
  they 'll remain unexploded anyway , unless an ally comes along . 
  i think they already do in this regard . 
  you can find the schematics on wikipedia , these bomb types are n't used any more so the information is n't confidential . 
  the only recent death has been a german builder digging one up , no amount of information sharing would prevent that . 
  well , there is always the risk russia will jump around attacking people they do n't need to . 
  but they have only said the islamic state so far . 
  does n't really matter , even if she 'd actually kicked him . 
  you see someone running from the police for committing a crime , you try and stop them and you 're congratulated for it . 
  why is this case any different ? 
  normally if they find you hanging from a rack in a wardrobe in stockings and with your dick in your hands they can identify the cause of death pretty quickly . 
  just because the company is german , what makes anyone think the german government or country as a whole is responsible for this ? 
   `` all tenants have known since 2009 that the accommodation was temporary subject to redevelopment of the estate , and all new tenants who have arrived in the intervening years have been made aware that this housing was only available for a limited period , '' he added , saying tenants were aware they needed to vacate their homes in january . 
  the argument for the protestors is completely voided by this . 
  i do n't see the issue , who cares who 's dropping the bombs and wiping out islamic state ? 
  as long as it gets done . 
  did n't realise warsaw played yesterday . 
  sounds to me like the tourist deserved it . 
  i think we should go back to the days when you could punch people for being a cunt , i mean he made a complaint , they corrected it and he refused to pay still ? 
  although they did jump him 3-4 on 1 which is a bit cowardly to be honest . 
   having dual citizenship is illegal in ukraine . 
  they 'll have to change that policy to be part of the eu then . 
  i 'd question why they could n't ask the question to the people of these regions anyway .
