  they can travel and call the areas , it 's not like there 's anything stopping people asking survey questions there . 
  she did a lot of good , unless you were a militant worker in a union or just never wanted to work a day in your life . 
  to be honest i could n't give two shits about their opinion . 
   i know you 're not interested in the actual discussion , but just for the fun of it : even assuming ukraine restores the control over the crimea and the separatists in the east , and if every single one of them votes against joining nato , the support would still be about 53 % . 
  i thought the east had the largest population with the exception of kiev ? 
   i 'm glad you 're considering all these territories to be rightfully ukrainian though !, 
  as you should be . 
  i do n't dispute that they 're part of ukraine , the parts of the conflict i do dispute appear to get brushed over on here with `` but russia invaded !!!, 
  ! 11one '', 
   at least labour do n't rape kids usually it is labour doing all the kid rape , who was in charge of rotherham council ? 
  georgia was a bit different to ukraine , georgia fired on south ossetia with heavy artillery . 
  it 's not like there was n't actual , physical provocation . 
  their reaction of invading and destroying the entire georgian military in no time what so ever was probably over the top . 
  but georgia was hardly an innocent party . 
  then i have n't missed your point , there is a very strong ethnic russian presence that hold russian passports living in ukraine , you could argue they are ukrainian i suppose , but they would n't identify as ukrainian themselves . 
  i 'm not thinking that at all , i have n't mentioned that . 
  i 'm saying currently we have a situation where 19 of 28 states do n't want something and are being forced , if they voted for it then fair enough but i 'm asking if it was the nations , ie in power government there , or the meps that voted for it . 
   the poll was conducted through july 22-27 , and 2,011 respondents over 18 years old were surveyed in various regions of ukraine except for crimea and areas of donetsk and luhansk regions uncontrolled by the ukrainian government . 
  the poll ' s margin of error was 2.3 % . 
  basically , all the regions that are ethnically russian were n't asked , betting that figure would drop below 50 % then , do n't you ? 
  shots fired !, 
  the day texas runs out of chilli, 
   it 's not up to them . 
  you know what is up to them ? 
  supplying gas . 
  considering the ethnic divide in ukraine , this would probably be the best solution , on the proviso that east ukraine became somewhat independent and did n't join russia . 
  then again , west ukraine has nothing of value , all the factories are in the east . 
  if you go to east london and poll people , i assure you only around 80 % would have british passports and citizenship , living in a country does n't make you a citizen , not in this day and age . 
  in the eu i could go live and work in germany myself , i could answer a similar poll , you 're saying me , a brit is now german because i happen to live and work there ? 
  as was in this case ? 
  mate , the president said it citing no sources . 
  how do you know it was in this case ? 
  russia falling apart would be very very dangerous . 
  they have massive amounts of weapons including nuclear , that sort of destabilisation will result in these weapons getting into the wrong hand . 
  russia has a history of rogue generals attacking on their own , add a region in turmoil and the whole wider area is going to be in danger . 
  then this is very strange , was this the council voting and the national leaders disagreed ? 
  it is n't , but if there 's no dialogue open to begin with you 're not going to achieve anything . 
  hell , if you publicly open dialogue and russia still refuse , you make them look like dicks to the whole world , it 's kind of win-win . 
  have you done a demographic on ukraine ? 
  it 's not that simple . 
  you 're american though so i forgive your ignorance . 
  i know , i 've read the article op posted . 
  the point is the eu is forcing 2/3 's of the eu to do something it does n't want to . 
  this is n't related to yesterday . 
  this , the west can not interfere in ukraine , because a war is the end of the world . 
  russia could roll tanks into ukraine today , it could execute every ukrainian on the streets , it could put missiles ready to launch in the centre of kiev . 
  other than economic sanctions and diplomatic isolation , the west would n't lift a finger to physically stop them . 
  wrong you say ? 
  we did n't lift a finger physically in wwii when the invasions first began either , because we did n't want a major conflict . 
  it 's a shame to say , unless they attack a nato member ( which they 're not stupid enough to ) the west wo n't do anything and that 's not going to change . 
   then you use economic means to crush it . 
  same as what happened to the ussr . 
  every time in the history of this world , a country has become more isolated from the rest of the international community . 
  the more extreme its governments have become . 
  look at iran and north korea , look at palastine . 
  isolating russia will create a more hardline and aggressive russia . 
  when russia ends up in the same position and mentality of north korea , what then about those 1,600 nuclear warheads ? 
  would you trust north korea with those weapons ? 
  of course not . 
  isolating russia in this way wo n't end well for anyone , i do n't particularly want a nuclear war to happen just to teach russia a lesson . 
  nato does n't negotiate with russia , russia does n't negotiate with nato . 
  until both sides sit down and make concessions , this will continue . 
  if you honestly think this situation can be resolved by saying to russia `` play ball or we will destroy you economically '' then you 're a fool . 
  ukraine is n't 100 % ukrainian . 
  unless you support ethnic cleansing of the large russian population , this survey is meaningless . 
  then why are n't 19 of them following the vote ? 
  but what were the voting numbers ? 
  i do n't care what the vote was about , i care that 19 of 28 states do n't want it but they 're being made to . 
   you 're worried about refugees that just had their houses and lives destroyed by isis turning into extremists ? 
  i bet less than 1 % had that happen . 
  i can agree to that , but we were n't talking eu wide at the time , unless i misread the thread . 
  source gives no numbers , just says this :  four countries were strongly dug in against the proposal : slovakia , hungary , romania and czech republic . 
  but other member states had the votes to pass it , using an eu rule that allows certain decisions to be made without a consensus . 
  4 strongly against , how many were just against ? 
  european detroit ? 
  at least now we know where germany will dump the migrants . 
  so what i said is correct then , the uk parliament should put its uk citizens first over eu citizens ? 
  i do n't get why you 're arguing with me in this case . 
  it 's not like they have a warehouse full of them :p, 
  depends how you do it , 28 sovereign nations and 19 do n't want it , the vote was n't majority by nation . 
  do it by population and smaller nations do n't get a say , since the large bloc of germany , france , italy and spain contain over 50 % of the population , and tend to agree with each other . 
  given my country is exempt , the fact i take issue with this should be something . 
  this is exactly what will happen !, 
   well , russia is an imperialistic offensive state and would use their nukes offensively . 
  that 's why our defensive nukes can deter any russian aggression . 
  that 's on opinion , there 's no evidence they would do this , they 've never even threatened to use them on anyone . 
  the us however has threatened to use nukes , recently in iran . 
   also that will be my last comment in this thread . 
  i went through your posting history and you 're demanding that russia should invade finland and sweden . 
  so yeah , cash your kremlin pay check and go home . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  i said why would norway be worried about russian invasion when finland and sweden are in the way , i was n't saying russia should invade them at all !, 
  i was saying that there is n't much of a reason to worry unless they do invade . 
  how about instead me cashing a kremlin paycheck , you learn to read english you moron . 
  no , but what 's that got to do with the uk parliament putting british citizens first ? 
  eu citizens are n't represented in the uk parliament ? 
  you 're just skimming around my question here , the eu represents britain and 27 other countries , the uk parliament only represents uk citizens , so why should the uk parliament not put uk citizens first ? 
   like how their actions in ukraine were n't unfortunate and not very serious because the west did n't provoke that action at all by supporting the coop of an elected government , then having a new government elected while discounting the entire eastern region ? 
  brussels tries to enforce will on 2/3 's of nations of eu - eu democracy in action . 
  1997 when labour got elected .
