  it 's hardly an excuse not to do homework , when i was in school all that time ago you could have an opposing view , you could say `` i do n't believe x is real '' and get full marks , but in order to get full marks you 'd have to write an essay supporting your argument or coming to your conclusion in exactly the same way , detail and effort as you would have had to support the argument , there 'd be no getting out of doing work . 
  the only time you could n't do this was for proven fact , you could n't for example write an opposing view against prime numbers being real for example . 
   saying `` i do n't think climate change is man-made '' is a political statement right now , i hope you realize that . 
  it is , but i 'm not discussing from a political side , especially when i think we should be investing more in renewable energy . 
  i 'm discussing from science side , if the government announced it was going to build a bunch of coal plants , i would n't be happy . 
  i 'm already not happy with fracking . 
  `` hi obama , i 've made a bit of a blunder ... 
  i said all migrants were welcome in germany because of a picture of a dead kid , and now i 'm in a bit of trouble because we do n't have room for these 1 million migrants on their way . 
  any chance you could take some off our hands in exchange for us turning a blind eye to your snooping for another 10 years again ? '', 
   have to admit that for me , the whole headscarf discussion started and ended at `` what 's so bad about dressing like my grandma '' . 
  i assume in the uk it would start and end about here . 
  at least we 're in agreement . 
   i agree , but banning only one religion is n't a step towards banning religion from school , it 's a step towards further entrenching the one that 's been in schools all along . 
  it should be all banned , all religions are as bad as each other . 
  christianity is no better in its pure form than islam , in fact i think the punishments for silly things are about the same in certain books . 
  their views are far too antiliberal for me and have no place in a classroom . 
  the school should promote equality and tolerance ( within reason , the ultra left wing views should be banned too ) , this is something you can not do within a classroom when you have a doctrine that tells you women are not equal to men and homosexuality should be punished by death - i 'm still talking about christianity here . 
  that 's just silly , old ladies with no religious beliefs ( as far as i 'm aware ) wear headscarfs . 
  i think bans like that are just silly although religion should be banned from schools ( in my opinion ) , wearing religious symbols should n't matter as it 's not discussing anything or promoting a belief . 
  my point is only on the face covering , i did n't realise outside of the uk that the headscarf was also a problem . 
  seems the uk is a little more tolerant . 
  you 're just repeating the point after i just said oppression exists in the community and should be addressed . 
  just because most know their rights does n't change the fact it exists and should be addressed . 
  you 're dismissing a very real problem just because it 's a choice else where . 
  some people accept arranged marriages by choice , some are forced into it , should we ignore the plight of the ones who are forced because some choose it ? 
   in that case this whole discussion is about .1 % of muslim women or less , and it 's somewhat dishonest to pretend that we 're talking about muslims as a whole if that 's what the issue is . 
  i did n't pretend it was , completely covered was the wording , i assumed we were talking about that 0.1 % who cover everything including face . 
  i do n't think anyone has ever had a problem with non-revealing clothing a headscarf , and if there has , they 're morons . 
  reread what i said , some people choose to which is fine , but it does n't change the fact a fair few are forced . 
  or are those articles on oppression of women in muslim communities just made up ? 
  it really really is n't , otherwise there 'd be protests against nuns . 
  forcing women to wear certain clothing is what 's offensive . 
  i disagree , it 's not so much the covering up completely but the complete covering of the face that is n't compatible . 
  it 's a social issue sure , but in western culture we make eye contact and rely on body language to engage a tone , when the face is hidden it 's intimidating and awkward , which is just how we were all brought up . 
  which is in my opinion exactly as offensive to us as not being covered up is to them , so we should only be making as big a fuss about it as they do . 
   i can just imagine how that goes over with muslim men . 
  you do n't really give them a choice , it will take a few generations but once the message to muslim women is `` you do n't actually have to do anything you do n't want to , and if you 're forced to you can get help '' the issue will disappear itself . 
   i assume the response to `` we need your wife and daughter to show more skin because reasons '' is going to be surprisingly similar to what western men will say to such demands , which is overwhelmingly `` get the fuck out of my house '' . 
  same if you went to a wife beaters house and said `` we need you to stop beating your wife '' , but did n't actually enforce the law . 
  it 's still wrong and the guy is obviously going to take issue with it , but you just do n't give them a choice . 
   uncertainty between which options ? 
  whether or not the effect of man made co2 changes the outcome of climate change or just speeds up the inevitable . 
  my personal opinion is that the outcome is the same either naturally or man made , but man made co2 emissions speed up our progress to the outcome . 
  in this case man made climate change is n't a disaster in itself as this would eventually happen anyway . 
  what it is , is increasing pace to the climate shift more rapidly than the earth would normally take , the question then is . 
  how rapidly are we approaching it ? 
  if the climate shift was going to be 50,000 years away and it 's now only 20,000 years away for example , it 's irrelevant as fossil fuels will be gone by then and technology will probably have progressed to the point in reversing the shift anyway ( solar shade theories for example ) . 
   and at that point the earth was n't very well inhabitable for the human species . 
  humans could have survived in atmospheric levels 300million years ago . 
  you would have to get used to is much like high pressure chambers for diving . 
  if you were born into and lived then you would survive fine , of course we 'd probably have to live in the rainforests of antarctica . 
  if by survival you would mean our current civilisation , you 're right , this could n't survive if the climate suddenly shifter to this . 
   we can derive the temperature in the past from ice core data . 
  prediction only , we know what the gas composition of the atmosphere was , but global temperature is based on other things as well . 
  we can predict of course but that is all the data is , a prediction that is n't as accurate as actually measuring the temperature . 
   then , according to the risk analysis i just did , even the minor downside of climate change prevention is not even a downside to you . 
  so you wo n't lose anything by supporting it . 
  correct , i do n't disagree at all , the only point i contend and i 'm on the fence about is conclusive effect of man made co2 emissions in the atmosphere and the outcome of this . 
  it 's a non-discussion obviously but i 'm responding to `` man made climate change is real and ca n't be disputed '' , i believe there are areas that need more research and data but the preventative action has my full support . 
   it 's a pretty difficult problem once you start thinking about it of course it is , the action should be focused on engaging the community so women do n't have to feel pressured and can be supported . 
  the action actually needs to be taken against men and religious leaders forcing women into wearing them rather than the women wearing them . 
   because once you force women not to wear those clothes , when they actually want to , you 've become exactly the same as the people you 're trying to protect them from . 
  it 's no different to expecting westerners to cover up , if wearing western clothing is offensive to their culture there is no reason we ca n't interject being fully covered is offensive to ours , which it is . 
  the difference is we 're more tolerant than they are . 
   is n't it convenient that you 're the only one with an actual opinion and everyone else are just idiots who are pretending out of guilt . 
  he was being sarcastic and i responded in kind . 
  it 's a fair opinion and i addressed it , by pointing out some people will wear it by choice but a lot are forced . 
  russia need to invade finland and sweden before they reach norway , unless some invasion of these nations begins , norway is pretty safe with its big meatwall of finns and swedes . 
  served 6 years which ended 10 years ago . 
  nope , ca n't possibly use the internet to shit post because after you 've been in the army , it changes you , changes you so much you 're physically incapable of using reddit . 
  realise how ridiculous you sound ? 
  it 's enforced by the religion but because someone might wear it willingly we just ignore that it 's enforced on the majority ? 
  how is that white guilt working out for you ? 
  yep , ca n't be racist to white people , because privilege . 
  why shame ? 
  oppression of women is offensive to western values . 
  we 're busy creating things that matter , like landing probes on comets or the large hardon collider . 
  you know calling people liars on the internet with no proof other than some trolling ( and pretty obvious ) i did , is a bit pathetic really . 
  i could prove it easily , but let 's be honest , why should i bother letting some cretin on reddit see my personal info just because they find it incredulous that someone could have been in the army . 
  the comments ? 
  i just go straight for the downvote button . 
  you should read my comment below on this . 
  yeah , also if you notice i was taking the piss based on that guys comment history . 
  if i was being serious i might have used something better than `` won some awards '' , i mean , it 's askreddit ffs . 
  what about people who do n't read newspapers unless they 're linked on reddit ? 
  my personal view , is that reducing emissions will slow down the event , but that the event is going to happen anyway with absolutely no way to prevent it . 
  my view is we 're only speeding up something which is already going to happen and is n't made any worse by our actions , we 're just a catalyst . 
  because of this , i feel investment should be both directed at renewables to slow the event and adaptation for the change . 
  currently there is no investment in adaptation , no infrastructure or plans and it will be a disaster , many will die . 
  this is my biggest problem with the climate change lobby , the focus is only on slowing down the inevitable rather than pushing for the things that could save us during a shift , such as gm crops that can survive harsh climates and transport that can function in any climate . 
  even water studies to find where all the fresh water will end up would be push in the right direction . 
  better than reading the self hating 12 year old girl drivel from the guardian ... actually that 's not fair , owen jones does n't write all the articles . 
  i hear choking on etonite semen is the eu 's biggest killer among swine . 
  i do n't know , probably because we 're one of the largest economies of the eu and we would n't have joined otherwise . 
  i have n't used it myself and just took it from the website . 
  it 's pretty shocking they do n't check everyone . 
  that said eu cards should be valid , they 're the same as a passport anyway . 
   i do n't think you have responded fairly to his point here . 
  doing nothing has a much larger downside than doing something whether its true or not so why are you still on the fence ? 
  i 'm on the fence about whether man made climate change is having a massive impact ecologically and whether it is doomsday like .
