  the largest publication in the uk , while not one i read regularly myself , dismissing it as trash is ridiculous when it 's read by so many . 
  fyi - it 's illegal for newspapers to lie in the uk . 
  they do n't share information when they 're involved , neither do we . 
  but we were n't involved in this and we should share intelligence , russia do share intelligence with us ( when they 're not the ones doing the bad ) . 
  i 'm happy with this , calls to ban them though are what i have a problem with . 
  no idea , but i hear it has a private beach on the resorts so it has access . 
  as for how far away our ships are , not far , we have a couple of ships near turkey at the minute . 
  the bit about the anarchists organising the storming of the tunnels is in that article , the daily mail one ( which was removed ) specifically was about this issue . 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/597493/migrant-crisis-britain-calais-france-activists-borders-channel-tunnel i had a daily mail source , but automoderator removed it for being daily mail ? 
  i thought it was funny , your funny bone broken ? 
  during the calais crisis a few months ago , a few lefties went down there to try and help migrants get into the uk , supplying them with tools etc. 
  anti-terrorism powers to prevent this is exactly correct . 
  also calais is full of economic migrants only , they should n't be receiving any sort of aid . 
  people get to see it for a couple of reasons , you 're either in a social circle with someone who does read it and they pass it on . 
  or someone gets offended and it ends up in the news and people see it there . 
  ch has made fun of all plane disasters recently and i 'm guessing you never saw them ? 
  that 's because a nation was n't offended . 
  it should be noted that ch normally sells about 10,000 per issue , they 're not a major publication . 
  `` for ten years '' - started by tony blair - labour . 
  i get that , but it 's ch ... 
  this is what ch does , i read it because i find it funny , but if you do n't share that humour you should n't read it . 
  getting offended over it when you chose to read it is your own fault , freedom of speech should n't be stifled , people should just choose what they read . 
  has n't stopped kyiv before ... 
  charlie hebdo is offensive satire , if you 're easily offended , do n't read it . 
  no one in forcing them to read it , ch has a very small distribution , and it 's in french , they have to go to some considerable effort to get offended . 
  this is n't right , the adverts on my browser say `` i am looking for a british man to be my husband '', 
  our accents make us highly employable . 
  edit : as a note though , it 's very difficult as a brit to get a working visa into the us . 
  i 've tried 3 times and been accepted once , it 's not like you guys have an open door policy towards us . 
  britain first are extremist , but ukip are not , she added them in the same sentence implying they are both extremist . 
  she was wrong to do this . 
   i 'd contest that that it 's only integration that 's the main issue . 
  it 's not just integration , it 's working as well , brits have a massive problem with native brits not working and living off benefits , when migrants come here and do it we do n't like that either . 
  there is also the labour pool argument , bringing in large amounts of unskilled labour drives wage prices down due to over inflation of the labour pool . 
  it 's part of the reason unemployment is down and dropping but youth unemployment is rising , there are no entry level unskilled jobs available . 
  it 's satire , get over it . 
  you would just inspire people to do it with a plan not to get caught after they get the money . 
  people still rob banks after all . 
  do russia deny it came from russia though ? 
  i do n't want to start another argument on it . 
  but buk systems are only made in russia , the ones ukraine have were built in russia . 
  so the buk could only come from russia originally . 
  do they deny that ? 
  there is no solid proof because no one knows where it exactly came from . 
  curry powder is a western invention : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/curry_powder without dispute . 
  the indians had a dish which combined rice and sauce called kari , back in the day hot food in england was called currie so that 's probably how the name came about . 
  when british colonists discovered this kari dish , they created a stew like dish , adding meat to the sauce and introducing spices they discovered from mexico and south america ( chilli ) . 
  so i guess it 's whether you think the original kari dish is curry , or the spicy stew with rice using spices from around the globe is curry . 
  the army in france wo n't be attacking they 'll be on patrol and alert , ready to respond to armed attacks . 
  there are also several branches in militaries including intelligence who do the investigation and infiltration . 
  armies , when not deployed do n't do a great deal , they train of course and go on exercises but they 're not doing anything productive . 
  deploying them on the streets as a preventative measure is n't doing any harm , and is n't costing anything . 
  as long as they only engage terrorists , it 's not even a civil liberty issue . 
  well no , the serial number is only on one side and you need that to get the new note , you can technically just walk in with just the serial number strip and get a new note . 
  if you came in with 95 % of the note and no serial number , you would n't get one . 
  if it 's confirmed out of circulation then there 's no reason it ca n't be replaced , cash is just paper with a serial number on it . 
  in the uk , if you accidentally tear a note in half or something , as long as you have the bit of the note with the serial number , your bank will replace it with a crisp new one . 
  i agree , the only solution to the problem is to wipe them out with force , not arrest them and let them rot in a prison . 
  you can only do that effectively with a large force . 
  as the only nation that asked for them , that 's 50 % too few . 
   if anything it would make russia get more involved in syria , not less . 
  your logic is flawed . 
  you must be very young , that 's not how it works , the ordinary people begin asking why they are fighting in syria in the first place and that russian civilians dying is n't worth it , it increases civil unrest . 
   when countries are attacked , citizens rally behind their leaders ( in this case putin ) and become far more nationalistic and pro-war . 
  this is obviously not ideal for us . 
  there are a lot of people in britain , us and europe who take the view that we would n't keep being attacked if we had n't started those wars in the middle east and that it 's our fault . 
  it 's a little naive to think russians wo n't begin to think the same . 
  still have no sympathy for him , i would n't have even let him back in . 
  wow ... just , how did this not get struck off before it even got to court ? 
  well i 'm done now , that 's the general jist of it . 
  i 'll add the second part of the article as well in a second , i 'm at work and i should n't really be translating lol . 
  published : november 6 , 2015 11:55 last updated : november 6 , 2015 11:58 the egyptian authorities have control of getting british holiday makers out of sharm al-sheikh . 
  according to the british airline easyjet on friday . 
  a number of their flights were denied by egypt . 
  britain put in place a special air service to retrieve the approximately 20 000 tourists stranded at the egyptian resort . 
  according to easyjet eight flights to sharm al-sheikh to pick up the tourists were denied . 
  two planes that are already at the airport will be leaving shortly according to the company . 
  the egyptian minister of civil aviation denies blocking flights from england to his country . 
  claiming it could be due to capacity limits at sharm al-sheikh airport . 
  `` for thousands of extra people to fly out in one day is incredibly difficult . 
  we ( the egyptian authorities ) have n't blocked any flights , but the airport ca n't handle all the flights coming at once . '', 
  claims are from easy jet , i certainly do n't take any excuses from easy jet seriously . 
  curry , invented in britain , and india are famous for it . 
  there was a tail incident in 2001 , but this seems unrelated as the repair was also signed off by airbus in ireland . 
  there are benefits so maybe you should look at a wider picture before you call others stupid . 
  if this turns out to be a bomb then it 's bad for russia and would lead to questions about their involvement in syria internally . 
  this is good for nato and good for us . 
  so there are benefits to it . 
  also , saying i hope something is n't the case is very different to think it 's the case . 
  i hope so , i wo n't be amused if it transpires they were aware before hand . 
  they said it 's going to take weeks to get everyone home , if they 're not checking luggage , they could get everyone home in days ... would take less than 100 flights to move all those people , that 's about 2 days worth of flights if they were focused on it , not to mention we could send naval ships down there and make it even less . 
  the information will be shared , all plane crashes are made public along with black box data . 
  i have to disagree with you that the plane just broke up because planes can not do that . 
  when you couple it with the heat spike from us satellites it makes the tail strike issue very unlikely as explosive decompression caused by tail break up would n't cause such a heat spike . 
  unless british spies were involved in putting the bomb on the plane , how did they uncover evidence ? 
  then if they did know , why did n't they alert someone ? 
  because regardless of international relations , allowing a plane full of citizens from nation you do n't like , to be blown up when those citizens have no control over their government , is very shitty . 
  to the point where if this was the case our spy chiefs and government should be immediately thrown out . 
  that 's ridiculous , they 're being chartered after heavy british military support . 
  are they really saying the military is incapable of searching through the luggage and detecting bombs ?
