  is did claim responsibility - http://www.channel4.com/news/isis-mosul-syria-iraq-france-charlie-hebdo-paris french intelligence say it was isis , the only people saying it was n't are two random redditors with a history of posting bollocks on this sub . 
  could , but wo n't . 
  the woman involved in the charlie hebdo attacks fled to syria and is believed to be in isis territory . 
   there has not been a single terrorist attack organised by isis in europe , because they simply can not spare the manpower and do n't have the capability to pull one off . 
  except there are n't enough homes to give out . 
  `` one mans terrorist is a student unions key note speaker '', 
  depending how your country works , you can get diplomatic exceptions which would have allowed it straight through , well you can get these in the uk . 
  you mean after surely . 
  nuclear wars do n't last very long , the first missile reaches its target in about 40 minutes , retaliations would have happened about 20 minutes later so that 's most of the world obliterated in an hour . 
  the only people who will know the nuclear war is happening are the higher ups in government and they 're going to be a bit too busy to make a statement . 
  the idea the bbc would find out and broadcast during the war itself is laughable . 
  but what would be broadcast after ? 
  i think it would be amateur radio 's broadcasting , for help , shelter maybe even music or messages on a loop . 
  i always have an image of earth in cowboy bepop when i think about the aftermath of earth . 
  technically ... that is correct customs procedure . 
  i mean , you 'd think they 'd have had all this sorted out before it reached customs but the customs staff are n't to blame for this , it 's the higher ups . 
  is n't it in there ? 
  i read it somewhere then . 
  http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/international-transactions/outward-foreign-affiliates-statistics/how-important-is-the-european-union-to-uk-trade-and-investment-/sty-eu.html 51 % of our goods come from the eu , we are a massive importer . 
  if the eu negotiates a trade agreement with the uk then it will do absolutely fine , just like the uk will . 
  if it does n't negotiate a trade deal , britain will suffer and the eu will lose 20 % of its trade income leading to a complete collapse of the euro and massive recession in the uk . 
  so there is a choice , leave amicably or self destruct . 
  they also know saying things like this will make headlines and get some lefties to protest for them . 
  thanks , i 'll take a look . 
  and i 'll only be using it to check my work e-mail and order my shopping . 
  everything else will be tor . 
  i normally use firefox but recently it 's been very slow . 
  they do , but the us is faced with immigration the same as the us , i provided the history of racism in us higher education as it focuses a fair bit on immigrants from mexico . 
  i just find education link to racism is so broad it should n't matter where it is conducted . 
  in my opinion racism is based on social values and not on education at all . 
  eastern europe is more conservative and with a greater sense of nationalism than western europe , i think this would lead to increased racism rather than education . 
  so a study done independent of either west or east should give a better indication of whether education makes a difference . 
  and we should have no borders and distribute global wealth equally , comrade ? 
  and what do the researchers do about it ? 
   edit : also , if someone is racist , they obviously are fucking stupid . 
  you do n't really need a harvard study to know that . 
  i agree with you , but the study links education level , not common sense . 
  i have provided two studies below which show education level does n't have anything to do with racism , both university studies . 
  so an argument that studies like this have been inaccurate before is n't valid ? 
  or coming up with a reason why higher educated people may lie ? 
  as for sources which dispute both these studies , i can indeed provide them , but these highly educated people dispute them for the same reason as me , because let 's face it , if these studies were true , how could institutionalised racism exist ? 
  university of michigan study that racism is equally balanced among education levels - http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2013/08/130811005342.htm a history of racism in us higher education - https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=ohlvpif8acac&amp;pg=pa37&amp;lpg=pa37&amp;dq=lower+education+racism&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=hjygziyfpo&amp;sig=8bv-cw6lncgwblbw8vwdqzk849m&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cdwq6aewbtgkahukewiywefrypbiahwiprqkhyymabq#v=onepage&amp;q=lower%20education%20racism&amp;f=false, 
  it 's a survey ... not science . 
  surveys are wrong all the time . 
  i can provide you a distinguished source which shows that murders in a region correlate directly with ice cream sales , it 's quite a famous study . 
  it basically shows links like this are n't always 100 % accurate . 
  i would dispute it on another basis too , more educated respondents are far more likely to be in professional positions which would be greatly put at risk by being labelled racist than less educated people , and therefore more likely to lie on such studies . 
  i like this idea , pay the native people universal basic income , then anyone who migrates has to work to make their own way . 
  it 's absolutely fair . 
  use chrome for every day usage , use tor for porn and illicit activities , problem solved . 
  what about all those racist well educated people ? 
  racism is n't linked to anything , the un only publishes stuff like that to say `` if you 're racist you 're obviously stupid '' . 
  while to most it does n't matter how you look aesthetically ( which is all race is ) , you have racists in all walks of life , what about people who do n't like ginger people , there is no difference between being prejudice against someone based on hair colour than skin colour . 
  we still took a fair few in , but expecting us to take in millions , especially if you consider the populations of both countries at the time ( would be a sizeable percentage ) , was of course going to meet opposition . 
  we are , we 're sheltering and feeding them on the base . 
  which is all we 're legally obliged to do . 
  not naturally , but i was poking fun at racist estonians ... 
  forgive my ignorance i have n't been following the story but i read that article ... a private nightclub burned down and people got hurt , but the local government is responsible ?? 
  edit : thank you for the replies , i did n't realise it was a result of widespread corruption . 
  the article only says `` anti migrant xenophobia '' , well the few paragraphs i read before i wrote him off as a douche . 
  cyrpus is uk territory ... well , that was an easy annexation ... 
  cyprus , obviously . 
  anti migrant stuff is n't hate speech ... get a real job , hippy . 
  bananas do n't grow in the middle east , estonia ... 
  she ca n't be fired , she 's an elected official and they tried to remove her but no one voted to do so . 
  you know , the death camps did n't come right away , there was propaganda against them , then boycott , then ghettos , then death camps . 
  not that this would ever happen . 
   ... fuck it . 
  come on , argue your point , britain is currently taking refugees from syrian camps only . 
  if your goal is britain , surely sitting in a syrian camp is your best option , britain is n't going to accept anyone who endangers their lives and breaks the law . 
  ukip are politicians not experts . 
  have you read the economist ? 
  you 're psychic ? 
  because most analysts say it will pretty much stay the same . 
  of course not , i also doubt the guardian and free speech groups would have been defending it as much as they have here . 
  but if it had been #killallblackmen ? 
  if i change that to russian cluster bombs and laser guided missiles , does it make you accept my point ? 
  i was just trying to clarify why numbers are only relevant to a point . 
  i know , tried without a comma so it means both public places and public vehicles . 
  but english is n't my strongest subject . 
  britain is germany 's biggest customer . 
  do you really think germany is going to just not negotiate a trade deal and fall into recession ? 
  that us cluster bombs and laser guided missiles could even those numbers out fairly quickly . 
  yeah , but read it , technically he won through intimidation , he was n't democratically elected in the fair sense of the word . 
  it 's all just pretend democracy , two near identical parties who have the same policies but only vote against each other to make the other party look bad . 
  actually that 's a fair point . 
  right , and how exactly does it affect the gay jews ? 
  because surely they just think `` what a nob '' ? 
  not at all , but he is n't being either of them , if he was spouting out `` i hate gays and jews '' but he just does n't want to be near them , which as long as he 's the one doing the avoiding , is harming no one . 
  which is fair enough ... ? 
  outwards because only sales people knock on my door and it 's a great excuse to beat them with a door . 
  cypriot government has agreed to process them , they wo n't be on the base once that begins . 
   except it is n't . 
   no , they were rescued by the raf because they were within british territorial waters : `` they came ashore on 21 october after a cypriot fisherman spotted two boats that appeared to be in distress about three miles from the other british base , raf akrotiri . '', 
  right , i 'm sure the non-existent cypriot air force and navy had it covered . 
   no , they 're not being processed - nor would the majority be willing to stay in cyprus , i imagine , a country with an atrocious record of refugee treatment . 
  yes they are , it 's in the article somewhere in the beginning , the cypriot government are beginning to process them . 
  i also do n't care if they 're not willing to stay there , it 's asylum , you take what you get . 
   well , there 's ample evidence of that . 
  they should n't have gone out of the asylum process .
