  i think that is a sign of something to come . 
  tldr ; i think what happened to us is happening to the egyptians . 
  interesting , thanks for the comment . 
  you and i are just different species . 
  you might find this take interesting : http://slatestarcodex.com/2013/03/04/a-thrivesurvive-theory-of-the-political-spectrum/, 
  oh , those were not precautions . 
  i 'll tell you straight to your face there are very few sects of islam i would be happy with in my country . 
  not sure if you 've noticed this , but the people in chechnya doing this are using the language of ` human rights ' as explanation . 
  their definition is n't the same as yours , but it is morbidly fascinating to see . 
  my point is that they are n't going to budge for economic reasons because they believe they have a moral imperative . 
  they believe you are the immoral one for not doing the same . 
  i know a lot of people readily classifiable as far right , and very few of them fit into the category you 're talking about . 
  so i think a lot of people in this thread believe you 're railing against something that is 90 % symbolic , an idea , not real people . 
  in the present day there are very few attacks by extreme rightists against homosexuals or minorities in europe or america . 
  this is a statistical statement , not a claim to perfection . 
  i am of course referring only to natives . 
  the majority of homophobic attacks appear to be accomplished by those who obviously do n't identify themselves as europeans or americans . 
  what is irking the others is that you do n't appear to accept this . 
  we 're not denying history , but we wonder if you 're denying the present . 
  should the kurds obtain a new state , do you believe ( like israel with the jews ) , that most kurds would move to it and that it would lead to peace long term ? 
  sorry if stupid question , but it is nice to ask questions directly to people who have more at stake than an internet armchair debate . 
   also we all know the only reason you have any sympathy for these guys is because you 're sick of islam and any secular movement in me is good enough . 
  even saddam and assad getting a lot of praise from you westerners simply because they are better alternatives according to you guys . 
  sounds like a good synopsis . 
  we know they 're murderous . 
  we also know they 're not a threat to us . 
  is this unpleasant ? 
  yes . 
  but what would you have us do ? 
  do you just expect us to let an pkk heaven emerge right next to our border ? 
  whether by force or negotiation pkk 's presence needs to be removed from rojava there is no other way . 
  i see where you 're coming from , but once the kurds have a state does it not become politically possible to move the kurds in turkey into it ? 
  once that happened they should moderate and come to peace , like the irish did with the british once they got their state . 
  we understand that , at least some of us who do n't have our head in the sand . 
  however we are very suspicious because you all seem a little crazy . 
  i saw the blood on the stadium walls , disgusting , but i also saw the crowd gutting unarmed soldiers , actually young boys on a bridge . 
  who exactly am i supposed to root for here ? 
  the killers or the lunatic material ? 
  no offense . 
  if the shoe fits , wear it . 
  you do understand that terrorism is connected to sectarianism , and then to war ? 
  terrorism does not happen in a vacuum . 
  for each member of isis , there are at least 1000 other people who also wish you dead but who currently do n't have the courage/idiocy to join them . 
  then for every 1 of those people , there are another 1000 who basically agree with the core position of isis but wo n't become violent under ` normal conditions ' . 
  that is the real problem . 
  terrorists are attempting to ` wake up ' those other supporters - that 's why they 're trying to get a reaction from us . 
  the arch duke of one country got assassinated by a terrorist organization and it became the prequel to the worst war in human history up until that point . 
  it is true acts of terrorism are not a big problem by itself , not even 911 . 
  the real problem is that it leads to much bigger things that affect everybody for a long time . 
  tldr ; terror is the canary in the coal mine , not the deadly gas that could kill you . 
  i think it was actually that woman in roger rabbit that did it to a lot of teenage boys . 
  old issue . 
  the historian niall ferguson says the turks during the ottoman empire had zero trust in each other and that was the fundamental reason for its decline . 
  no , there 's no genetic relationship , just a similar culture . 
  i do n't know that there 's no relationship , especially since the tymoshenko memes : http://periodicoabc.blob.core.windows.net.optimalcdn.com/images/2016/07/27/natalia3.jpg we prefer to call germans and swedes `` degenerate '' while hoarding hentai . 
  how can we be xenophobic if we 've this much tentacle porn ? 
  you see how the other side 's logic eats itself !, 
  poor pizza delivery dog * wipes tear from face *, 
  did n't specify push-bike !, 
  bi = 2 , cycle = wheel = two wheeled . 
  technically correct !, 
  it 's the best form of correct :-), 
  this is n't specifically to do with pak/afghan sex gangs , but it 's easy to find stats showing extraordinary differences in crime rates between race/ethnicity : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_crime_in_the_united_kingdom#race_and_crime_in_london there 's a bunch of special pleading every time the subject is brought up but the raw data is undeniable and * not believed by the majority of liberal people * . 
  this does n't imply one should hate a particular race . 
  it 's like how we treat men and women differently in society . 
  we know very well that men are responsible for nearly all the murder , it 's not sexism to suggest that this is true , nor should we hate men for it . 
  are you a penguin ? 
  while the red/blue teams are real there are a lot of arbitary lines that i think internet culture will ultimately explode . 
  it is more than plausible that americans exist who think you have the right to an abortion but also a right to bear arms : there 's no contradiction between those two ideas really . 
   but it 's kinda hard to debate when you first have to sign a peace treaty and prove you 're not the enemy before you can make even the simplest argument . 
  this is normal human instinct i think . 
  have you noticed how people , including ourselves , are almost searching for `` hints '' of the enemy in a statement being read , * before * reasoning on it . 
  this is one of the reasons i appreciate the anonymous boards . 
  i 'm sure you 've seen dozens of times in which a highly upvoted post on reddit encourages other redditors to ` research ' this person 's history to ascertain what they they are on !, 
  the good news is that i think we 're actually breaking out of the echo chambers that are so frequently described . 
  there is no way you and i would be in any form of contact before the internet . 
  it 's the wild west for sure but i think it 's a good thing , it is the social/political consensus of the television/radio media that ought to trouble us really . 
  we have had unidirectional media , information flowing one way only , for many decades until the internet . 
  tldr ; leftists , rightists , arise , and defend the internet ;-), 
  the horseshoe theory is not real . 
  certainly there exists violence extremists on both ends of the political spectrum , nothing could be more obvious . 
  however there are several problems that reduce the horseshoe theory , hypothesis really , to being worthless . 
  the center is more homogeneous , the peripheral of the spectrum is heterogeneous i.e. 
  there is a flowering of ideological diversity at the ends . 
  it is typical in my experience for fascists , reactionaries , anarchists and libertarians to be given the far right label , but it makes no semantic sense . 
  something similar exists at the left end . 
  it is true those are minorities on the right , but now you 've lost resolution because that 's about all they have in common . 
  it is possible for the center to become extreme and violent also , something not predictable by horseshoe theories . 
  it seems to me that there are two circumstances under each large amounts of political violence are possible in our society a ) - when extremists take over the government , they then need to reassure their monopoly on power so they have to kill anybody ( especially the ones similar to them , competitors ) that could threaten their niche because they are under constant threat of being killed themselves . 
  i think this is the obvious one , and b ) - when the center shifts by a little bit but with a large number of people ( it 's like a ideological earthquake ) . 
  people at either end of the political spectrum are ideologically immersed ( thoughts are more sequenced , correlated , joined up ) in a way that a naive person is not , a naive person who suddenly moves to the left or right is likely under stress and will do stupid shit because he 's surrounded by similar naive people under stress . 
  i think it is also possible for a and b to be true at the same time , just to complicate things further . 
  tldr ; the horseshoe theory is too simple . 
  political violence has more to do with insecurity or lack of information under stress . 
  when you think about it : if extreme thoughts lead to extreme thoughts in groups , then we should see a runaway feedback loop and this should be very common . 
  that seems to be exceptional instead . 
  what actually seems to happen is that if everybody in the group believes the same thing they become complacent instead . 
  the horseshoe theory is n't actually true . 
  it is certainly true that intolerant or violent people exist on both ends of the political spectrum , but the horseshoe theory , hypothesis really , has too many flaws to be useful . 
  from the center it looks like it makes sense , but at either end there exists a large diversity of subgroups .
