  one would at least not avoid biological explanations as our people obviously do . 
  as one great evolutionist once said `` nothing in biology makes sense except by evolution '' . 
  this is very fucking far from how society perceives evolution theory in relation to human society today . 
  believing in it would mean looking at the human species as being functionally identical to that of dogs . 
  we know they have different shapes , characteristics , temperaments . 
  measurable things . 
  easy to make predictions about and test . 
  looking at humans through the same lens as the dog species is ` racism ' . 
  if so , then i am a racist and have no moral dilemma with that . 
  ironically the only way to actually prevent biological differences from causing political problems is to actually fully grok what they are and change them using technology . 
  so from my position it looks like the left especially and liberals are not even truly trying . 
  i understand why it is a taboo area , but i also do not think the spectre of race ( and class , which is the undernote ) has been dispelled just because the present has decided examining itself using genetic information is taboo . 
  it does not work for memes to be in conflict with genes . 
  the liberals are likely to lose the 21st century if they do n't reconcile their perspective with the science because their core claim was political rationality based on science . 
  the chinese making leaps and bounds in the genetic sciences together with the internet puts a very severe strain on western society . 
  i use an instant pot . 
  it 's pretty amazing you should check it out . 
  countries do n't necessarily automatically grow when they 're left alone in peace and cooperation . 
  it looks like there 's a large number of states in mena , even sa would go back to the dark ages without our existence . 
  historically and i would argue presently , the prospects are very bleak outside of america/europe and recently japan/china and some other asian states . 
  i 'm not calling it right or fair or explaining why it is but i think it is true . 
   did europe decide to take the plaque bellow the statue of liberty as the basis of its immigration policy or is the author posing misleading question to justify his far-right drivel ? 
  i think you 're pretending not to see that the `` spirit of the times '' is oriented in that direction for many western europeans . 
  europeans have inherited ideas ( been marinating in them ) about how to live in the world which are inspired by american television - their soaps , their news . 
  it might be for internal consumption in their part of the world but it has affected our thinking too . 
  usually without our realization . 
  the problem is that for making good decisions you need to use first principals . 
  you ca n't go off ` it felt like a good idea at the time ' , that 's letting teenagers run things . 
   the governments and main political figures of the eu decided to deal with the current migration crisis for obvious reasons from my seat it looks like pragmatism came * after * the call that merkel made for migration . 
  classical political flip flopping . 
  so : first the emotion , the motivation , then the later justification , rationalizations once some of the implications became obvious . 
  i would call that very poor leadership , rulership . 
  merkel has proved that her kind is incapable of ruling , i think it takes something more than gut instinct followed up with frequent polling in order to see the right political path ahead . 
  i think we 're in a period we need strong leaders and we do n't have them . 
  ah yes , that eternal enemy of the left - the `` jewnazi '' . 
  teasing aside , the political spectrum is very broad and the overton window is getting wider . 
  in the liberal order that won world war ii you mostly had center right and left people on unidirectional mediums like television and radio . 
  it should not be shocking to either of us that the internet causes more people to take up positions further along to the left or right . 
  i believe this is mostly a good thing . 
  you ca n't throw the word `` nazi '' around arbitrarily because most of their policies were n't `` extremely right wing '' . 
  most of their ideas were center right and left which is why it was thought of as a `` middle way '' ( and oddly enough became psychotic ! ) . 
  bnp are national socialists , look at their list of policy and you 'll immediately see there 's not much `` far right '' about it . 
  it 's one spoon ukip , two spoons labour party . 
  using nazi as a synonym for the far right is a dangerous category mistake . 
  it is a slur because they were extremely violent , which douglas is obviously not so it is inappropriate . 
  if you genuinely think douglas is a nazi and that he is far right , then you are saying that probably 25 % of the country are even more nazi-like than the actual nazis . 
  perfect example :d, 
  renaissance was great but local . 
  i always say `` retake constantinople ! '', 
  turks wonder why ? 
  i say `` no reason . 
  just sounds like something we were supposed to do . '', 
  it 's always blown my mind that from the pyramids to cleopatra , is about the same gap between ourselves and cleo . 
  makes sense to me . 
  i suspect murray has a chance of becoming the next prime minister as this unwinds over the next couple of years . 
  i 'm hoping he can be the next benjamin disraeli . 
  they are big shoes to fill but i think we all know we 're in for some tough times and obviously may , cameron are n't up for it . 
  here is a curious fact . 
  any time i 've seen people standing up for the british , it has almost never been an actual white british native . 
  < opinion  it 's mildly ridiculous but if it takes a ragtag band of irish , sikhs/hindus and some jews to be headlining the movement in the opposite direction to the last twenty years , i 'll take it over nothing . 
  i am not sure whether it is that the media do n't select their nationalist natives for interviews/discussion ( which produces the effect of handing that ground to the national socialists in the form of the bnp or ` middle right ' ukip ) or if the british are simply too coy for their own good . 
  right wingers are frequently discriminated against when job seeking in the uk and that 's in the back of many people 's minds i think . 
  that disincentive to moderate right wing promulgation is a problem for the left if you 're thinking strategically because it makes the most extreme examples the defacto representatives . 
  the only white native representative of british nationalism i 've heard of in the popular media is nigel farage . 
  the rest are very recent additions to the island . 
  they may be getting press because they 're outliers like douglas . 
  i do n't especially favour nationalism but its opposite looks like a terminal illness . 
  i was referring to this : https://www.edge.org/response-detail/26714, 
  that guy has a point . 
  ties are terrible . 
  people look better without them . 
  my idea : it has nothing to do with left or right , west or east and everything to do with groups inside some european governments who fully intend to instigate political instability for some purpose . 
  we can speculate on various purposes , maybe it is to form an eu army and what better way to prompt us into doing so than a ` little excitement ' . 
  it could be the opposite also - a path to a breakdown of the eu by us/russia . 
  or it could be part of an ideological struggle we do n't understand , like not comprehending the meaning of bolshevism/nazism while it spread into certain classes early on . 
  one thing is sure . 
  a lot of innocent people are going to suffer . 
  europe has always had a red century , every century , we are fools if we think this one will be any different . 
  i have an idea . 
  it is a strange idea , but i suspect that even the ` puppet masters ' of our world are themselves pulled by strings from a lower , alien level . 
  i suspect inside our genomes there exists a mechanism that causes war to break out , a genetic ` prompt ' for accelerated natural selection . 
  to me the wars look too mechanical , too algorithmic to be coincidental . 
  i do n't believe it is plausible to orchestrate wars through human agency in this way but it could be possible through some unknown form of group selection . 
  some biologists believe there exists something like a genetic time bomb , where mutations can abruptly multiply ( caused by culture/technological feedback ) in a few human lifetimes with catastrophic consequences . 
  i am thinking it is something like this . 
  i think a very simple mechanism , a threshold is passed and then political violence appears spontaneously , later to be retroactively explained with plausible sounding reasons . 
  it could be genetic , or the cause factor could be climate/geology . 
  we know in history the sun has periodically disappeared for years at a time . 
  imagine the effects on the pre-scientific world 's politics ... maybe we are that world in some important respect . 
  tldr ; lovecraft could be right . 
  `` the most merciful thing in the world , i think , is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents . 
  we live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity , and it was not meant that we should voyage far . 
  the sciences , each straining in its own direction , have hitherto harmed us little ; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality , and of our frightful position therein , that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new dark age . '', 
  i do n't know . 
  i think there 's some crossover between left and right . 
  we can start with the fact that europe is badly governed . 
  * any * coherent and logical policy may have worked better than the botch job merkel and co managed to prompt into being . 
  i doubt my opposite numbers are any happier than i am that people photographed chopping heads off yazidi , kurdish women are neighbours . 
  there are important examples that show it 's more nuanced . 
  lky of singapore .
