  sadly i suspect we will experience a die-off , immense disruption some time in the next half century . 
  if you accept that simple truth , you know that our current economic system is finished . 
  i think you would be interested in two books of mine : collapse of complex societies by joseph tainter the age of em by robin hanson, 
   it 's more like we already got the easy achievments , and now we 're trying to get the last ones , those that require real effort and focus . 
  i understand that is the case for many areas such as those you mentioned . 
  however i do n't think we have picked all the low hanging fruit because i think really many inventions e.g. 
  engines , nuclear , oil extraction were not easy , or appear easier to us because `` now we know the answer '' as it were . 
  i suspect there are sections of technology which we have unintentionally blacklisted because our mental model of reality is systematically flawed . 
  and that we can not achieve greater things in other fields without having those breakthroughs as prerequisites . 
  an example would be mobile telephones existing because ` spectrum ' became available from the government . 
  or how nuclear technology is n't even taught in universities in england for political reasons and is effectively banned in the united states ( last new nuclear plant when ? ) . 
  or how land in urban areas has become expensive because the government has ( not a metaphor ) forgotten it owns vast quantities of real estate ( in the trillions ) . 
   here 's probably been quite a few inventions of new housing insulation materials . 
  there is aerogel but it was invented in the early 20th century and has been the next big thing since at least 1993 , i have magazine articles on it from back then . 
   if we get into conflicts because growth and progress metrics are not satisfying , we definitly should look into these metrics first , before doing anything stupid . 
  i agree growth should be actually sustainable , but i think also we should n't expect economic growth of the kind we had before - implications for pensions and other systems , they should be unhitched from assumptions about population growth or prosperity . 
  singapore has a good model here , they force the population to save at high rates so they pay for their own medical/pensions ( 36 % savings rate ) . 
  hard to explain at once . 
  here is short view : 1 . 
  all social and political progress ( less violence , more stability ) is contingent on having wealth and most people having a stake in society . 
  all wealth ultimately comes from technology . 
  here trade/globalization are indirect flows from technology . 
  if it is not `` doing more with less stuff '' , it 's not technology . 
  wealth is real prices going down so your euro/dollar goes further . 
  result : without technology we become the taliban . 
  so , if we do not have technological progress ( the stagnation since the 70s i 've been referred to in this thread ) , then we will eventually socially and politically regress . 
  not right away , but over the centuries . 
  my position is that we 've been taking the wrong paths on some subjects and that is preventing the kind of technological change we need and we ca n't compensate by simply throwing money around . 
  examples : reduced energy prices , cures for lifestyle/old age diseases . 
  western society has effectively banned biotechnology and nuclear technology in most of its countries because both paths require society to consider awkward truths that get in the way of long cherished beliefs . 
  i do not believe for a moment that the middle east , africa , china or anybody else survives the stagnation or implosion of the west . 
  the west is simply too large , too interconnected as part of the world system , it is the core , everybody else is the peripheral . 
  if we go down , everybody goes down . 
  i do n't mean we do that deliberately , but simply as a function of the scale of what we 're talking about . 
  this is because even supposing a heavily linked economy to the west like china managed to survive our demise , they face the same problems we faced that caused our stagnation . 
  after you use computers to modernize your economy , then what ? 
  basically i 'm saying the `` developed world '' has a problem very similar to the `` middle income trap '' , hope that makes sense . 
  hopefully cheaper tengas . 
  it 's not about the metrics . 
  we actually do need technological development . 
  there exist many real problems we should be trying to solve . 
  for instance the people in this thread have a 50 % chance of developing alzheimers . 
  the fact you mentioned only computer science related products is interesting . 
  the claim of peter thiel is that since the early 70s technological development has been almost exclusively in computers ( from ai to electronics ) . 
  little else has changed . 
  food is about the as expensive as it used to be . 
  cars are a little better for mileage but no major new forms of transportation exist . 
  almost half a century since men landed on the moon . 
  biotech and nanotech have been busts . 
  aside from the internet , it 's hard to think of a single new invention since the internet was invented . 
  i do not mean the popularization of something already there , like mobile telephony , i mean like x-rays or radar or a new way to insulate houses or build things . 
  music of the 90s/2000s/2010s is instantly forgettable but probably not related . 
  they do seem to do okay , but i wonder if that would be so under any political system . 
  it could be about the people ( which is a network ) and not the framework within each they 're situated . 
  they must be closely connected but not the same . 
  to be in support of democracy in the 19th century or earlier was the position of an extremist . 
  further to that : the modern interpretation of `` human rights '' is about as old as the un , 50 years . 
  this is off topic , but what about internet values ? 
  i think we have them already , but not formally . 
  the major difference is that technological and real economic growth has stalled since the 70s . 
  we ca n't spend our way of problems in the way we used to . 
  that makes conflict more likely and more costly . 
  i suspect you 're correct , and also that the theory of mimesis explains why the poor poles would get the hatchet first . 
  the real antipathy is towards the muslims . 
  there 's a lot of scapegoating going on and not a lot of honesty . 
  most environmentalists i know did n't care about the paris agreement/deal . 
  it 's mostly an `` issue '' to middle of the road types . 
  real environmentalists know that if you were being serious , then the paris thing was kind of a joke to start with . 
  a lot of environmentalists and rightists ( for ecological reasons ) are on the same page about the solution , which is population controls and controlled reductions as seen in japan . 
  the idea that countries like egypt could double or triple their population ( presently 100 million ) without war or famine is preposterous . 
  my country 's economy is about the same size for fuck 's sake . 
  for context , the previous egyptian revolution has something to do with the fact that the price of food leaped in price beyond most people 's means - it was n't ` democracy ' that brought people out onto the streets , it is that they became more hungry than scared . 
  that applies to about 5 % or less of the electorate . 
  most people are n't wired into the matrix like you and i. 
  the truth reallly is that western civ is at stake , because it 's been in a stagnation technologically and economically for nearly half a century now . 
  among intellectuals this is now a near consensus view , from right wing peter thiel to left wing paul krugman to larry summers . 
  it is just that the public has not gotten the high brow download of what 's up yet , especially the upper middle classes . 
  not true . 
  the west has been stagnating for a long time , well before most of us were born . 
  since the early 70s at least . 
  most negative trends or stagnant trends start there . 
  hey , have we found one of those yet ? 
  it 's time we obtained our own empire !, 
  with hookers and blackjack !, 
  the bot has intuited that somebody should eat tony blair , that has to count for something . 
  cromwell was n't any good , he knocked down part of my castle in the valley over the hill . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to accuse them of amnesia , i think it 's the other way around for most of them . 
  they 've been navel gazing about it far too much while new and novel problems grow up around their ears . 
  i think we have many mixed up ideas about republicanism , democracy , aristocracy and monarchy . 
  we 've blended too many different things together as `` the english '' and rejected them , despite having swallowed at least half of their political ideas that helped cause us to reject them ... tldr : bring back the ard ri . 
  i have a hateful comment in my comment history just like this !, 
  thought that was going to be a link to youporn . 
  i endorse all british neologisms such as : fiddlesticks . 
  topper . 
  by jove . 
  tally ho . 
  tiffin . 
  it 's a shame they and others do n't come up more in conversation , i dare say . 
  and hitler did n't break a single law during the invasion of poland . 
  i realize that the left and right had many misguided ideas about genetics and heritability , from supremacist ideology to lysenkoism .
