  you know your side is green . 
  if there are greens , then you are safe . 
  if there are others , then you may be unsafe . 
  so you select for greens to be safe . 
  then you meet an orange . 
  an orange is not a red , he could be on your side or want to kill you . 
  it is safest to kill the orange because then the chance of death for you today is 0 % , even if that means other oranges turn red . 
  this is the awful logic that makes good people do evil acts . 
  it is game theory . 
  the rapes and torture are harder to explain than murder . 
  there i think we 're going beyond what is rational and into stranger territory i 'm not sure i even want to explore . 
  actually all the mainstream documentaries on world war ii e.g. 
  the nazis : a warning from history , a bbc production , state that bolshevik terrorism was a major causal factor in the rise of the fascists in europe , and that a majority of those anarchist/bolshevik bombings/assassinations were jewish . 
  you can imagine what the newspapers made out of that . 
  so it is not inappropriate at all . 
  genocide kills the innocent , but it does not come out of nowhere . 
  it is a fact that the factions fighting against the syrian government are sunni . 
  we could have got a ship , or at least a small boat out of that guy and you had to go and ruin it . 
   yanis varoufakis i 've a computer science degree . 
  this guy does not understand ai at all . 
  almost nobody in the journalist circles has even heard of the most important result of ai research and its implications : moravec 's paradox . 
  the tldr is that the middle class gets automated before the blue collar labour . 
  not exactly obvious , not promoted information . 
  my opinion : i note that during the industrial revolution , the working classes did n't get a ubi . 
  it is far from `` obvious '' that ubi is a solution for anything . 
  currently sam altman is experiencing in america with ubi to get some good data . 
  we should look to the data first before coming up with grand theories of society . 
  a lot on ai , maybe most of what you hear on this subject is bullshit . 
  people have their computers and phones and think that makes their opinion on a computer science issue informed . 
  it does not . 
  i actually know very little about the orthodox , they appear to interpret reality quite differently to other christians but we do n't hear much about them in western europe , so their motivations are a little mysterious . 
  if i were to guess , they may have apocalyptical visions of the future that motivate them . 
  your point and mine are not in conflict . 
  both of these things happened . 
  i did n't claim a genocide did n't occur . 
  if you read that from me , then you read wrong . 
  the op was ( maybe not intentionally , language can get away from us , esp . 
  on emotive issues ) implying culprits vs victims , good guys vs good bads with the language used . 
  that is problematic if the ` good guys ' are headchoppers . 
  i see it like the soviets vs the nazis . 
  you do n't need to pick a side . 
   and let 's be honest , if al-qaeda had taken bosnia seriously , they would n't have to go through this . 
  not sure i understand your meaning . 
  where were the orthodox from ? 
  greece ? 
  the motivation may be economical or ecological but the ` sticker price ' is usually ideological so this is n't obvious , that is to say often violence is a second or third order affect . 
  what makes it problematic is that even when the original causal factors are changed , the thinking that was created does n't change , causing further repetitions . 
  i do think we irish , right or left , are powerfully wrong about the middle east and africa . 
  they are so removed from our context that i believe we have a kind of dangerous naivety while having too much confidence that we understand what we see . 
  well , i am glad to hear it . 
  i think also , at a strategic level - the military doctrine of ` balance of powers ' suggests why this may be so . 
  cruelly , this would imply violence might be more likely to be given life from a loafer in washington or bahrain who likely has no real stake in a conflict . 
  it is confusing . 
  can you explain the differences ? 
  i wo n't claim to be an expert , but the more i have learned about this , the less straight forward it has become for me . 
  i 've heard about this genocide for a very long time , but only recently did i realize that terrorist organizations such as al-qaeda were in and being supported in this conflict with support from middle eastern countries , and all the way up until this day there are large numbers of isis fighters from bosnia . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33345618 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-qaeda_in_bosnia_and_herzegovina, 
  too modern for me . 
  let 's go back to hibernia . 
  i wonder if it 'd work better if we had a formal confederation instead of a union . 
  we on the right , even the far right , think the people who attack sikhs are losers . 
  does n't make sense on any level . 
  life is unfair !, 
  nice :d, 
  if he plays it before the french election is concluded ... 
  there may not be a eu after that . 
  intelligence and technology efforts can be overwhelmed by a technique called swarming . 
  when you 're trying to find a guy called mohammad in 100,000 mohammad , all of which talk a difficult to understand language with few good translators , who all share very similar ideas and even look quite similar to us , and your job is to find the threat ... 
  it keeps happening that they kill the wrong people because of their self-similarity and now you 've an extra ten mohammad to be worried about . 
  that is before we even talk about the fact there is no data at all on the majority of the migrants because they threw their paperwork away and even if they have paperwork the terrorists were printing real passports and other official documents using the real machines . 
  tldr ; this is not straight forward . 
  even a coarse filter at the border would have made their jobs much easier . 
  these things are n't cleanly separated in some cases . 
  for the 100th time , there is a problem with that analogy . 
  terrorism leads to sectarianism . 
  sectarianism leads to war . 
  it is actually a power law in action . 
  terror kills 100 people . 
  sectarianism kills 10,000 , war kills millions . 
  has it gone clean out of people 's heads that a terrorist attack was the approximate cause of world war 1 ? 
  of course it was n't just that attack was it ... 
  it was a series of events that built up . 
  just like how terrorism and sectarianism turn the temperature up until war occurs . 
  nobody ever expects war to occur ( balance of power theory ) , that is why it occurs . 
  nobody ventures into combat thinking they 'll lose . 
  our present situation is actually much worse than plain old nationalist terror . 
  it is compounded by religion . 
  ever heard of the 100 year war ? 
  religion is a huge multiplier in a system of violence that already has a power law working in it . 
  it 's actually silly string . 
  the right , has been , and always will be , closer to the heart of what it means to be a particular group of people . 
  tories are more british than labour . 
  republicans are more american than democrats . 
  i do n't expect you 'll agree with that but it is true . 
  i am saying that for the first time in a long time , i saw that portion of the population have their spirits lift , to feel a lot more like themselves than they had been for a long time and i even felt a little proud of them myself . 
  when you watch some people walk tall , it is something you can tell without being able to clearly define it . 
  and now you can complain about something if it makes you feel better !, 
  i noticed the same thing talking to some turks , liberals i think , on europe 's discord chat . 
  there was was their vision of the world , and then there was totalitarianism . 
  it 's like talking to a zookeeper who knows of two animals - himself and his cat .
