  cheaper labour , social policy that encourages high taxation , these are all grist for the mill of the middle class . 
  this is not about race . 
  it is about class conflict disguising itself as racial conflict , a very common theme in history . 
  you imported these people just so you could develop a conflict . 
  that is the reality . 
  this is typical of ` red tribe ' . 
  we 'll be openly racist , but also be more likely to give somebody different a chance . 
  if you look to the southern united states you see similar things . 
  despite being constantly associated with racism , it is probably there that a black and a white are most likely to have an understanding , work together , get along . 
  it is in the north where there is real segregation . 
  towns filled with anti-racists who will never give a black person an opportunity , it is quite the paradox . 
  the media is guilty of not illustrating complex stories . 
  it is not wrong to discriminate against men under some circumstances . 
  i pay higher insurance for my car because most car crashes are by young men . 
  there is no easy way to determine i can be a careful driver so insurance companies use probability theory . 
  already knowing what the outcomes are is an easy way to obtain the high moral ground . 
  x was discriminated against but see what a good boy he was . 
  it ignores all the ys that fucked up . 
  this way you always have moral righteousness on your side . 
  it is logically bankrupt . 
  in britain the whores refuse to meet with caribbean men . 
  look at the escort websites . 
  most of the profiles say it . 
  they have learned that if they do n't discriminate they get brutalized by these men . 
  they treat women extremely badly as a matter of course . 
  there will be little recourse to the law because of the profession . 
  of course these ` little facts ' will rarely be mentioned by television shows or newspapers . 
  discrimination is not intrinsically immoral . 
  since i am in internet debater mode , i am not sure that is true either , although your comment makes a lot more sense to me with that clarification . 
  i broadly agree ( at that abstract level we 're talking about ) but i think there 's also an interesting something that does n't get talked about nearly enough . 
  some economists would say that a currency should be common between similar areas of economic development and otherwise be something else . 
  we often use countries as an abstraction in internet arguments but it 's a leaky abstraction . 
  take italy . 
  if you split the north from the south you 'd only be formalizing the existing difference . 
  similarly if you grouped all the african americans into one place then it would be a different country to the united states along most metrics . 
  taxation , inflation , crime , interest rates , they would all be dramatically different . 
  i do n't know what to do about that , but it 's a flaw in our model ( which i suspect holds back poorer ` states ' ) - this idea of using currencies and borders on the basis of geography . 
  our monetary system obviously conflates map with the territory . 
  maybe in the future we 'll have special zones like they do in snowcrash or the diamond age . 
  this was true many centuries ago . 
  here 's an example of why it is n't true today . 
  ireland 238,020 population : five million egypt 330,779 population : one hundred million these are gdp rankings ( in millions of usd ) of two countries . 
  assuming gdp is a linear function would be assuming the population of egypt is 7.5 million people or that ireland has a population of 75 million people . 
  since neither of those two things is true , there is something wrong with the base assumption . 
  the flaw is that gdp production is not linear . 
  some people and some countries produce wildly more than others because of technology development . 
  this was all a mistranslation , they meant `` rocket doctors '' . 
  the connection between population size and gdp is very weak . 
  it only makes sense at the worst extremes we 'd never want to get to . 
  anybody pushing the idea they 're bound together is the kind of person who sets up ponzi and multi-level marketing schemes . 
   clean or work in the fields or construction without any serious qualifications and sometimes without a full fledged work permit . 
  this * used * to be true . 
  it was completely true 50 years ago . 
  it has n't been true for a long time now . 
  basic cleaning work , service sector work is n't very specialized . 
  but the construction , farming and affiliated mainatence is now highly specialized . 
  you can see it in the bifurcation of the wage market , some making higher wages than most middle class jobs and some making less . 
  even in jobs of less specialization there is a higher premium on high levels of coordination ... 
  things here are not what they seem to the average middle class person . 
  farms and builds today are very sophisticated operations . 
  building , farming , even some maintance tasks can not abruptly absorb large numbers of people , especially if there are cultural , language or political issues . 
  these are `` red tribe '' sectors , i 'm not sure if a lot of people in europe understand that . 
  try sticking these people in civil service , accountancy firms and legal firms instead . 
  it 's so hot i 've had two smoothies * in the evening * during a cold shower . 
  it 's a huge lifestyle change but it makes it easier to sleep . 
  it 'll never catch on . 
  in the old paintings ( ingres ? ), 
  we used to imagine you all surrounded by pillows and whores while drinking coffee and eating sweets . 
  there 's an entire philosophy dedicated to this observation called mimesis . 
  explains a lot about human nature . 
  there 's a few interesting topics here but i 'm afraid i must become economically productive in the next hour . 
  it looks as if you 're one of the old liberals , which is fine but your offspring are people who would hang you for being a ` nazi ' . 
  i 'm really not the problem , we could have a dialectic , as could some species of marxists , but i repeat : the new ` liberals ' are not very liberal at all - they believe they have the moral high ground and ought to destroy people like watson , e.o wilson for the greater good . 
  and to the left a good part of them are simply off the chain barking mad . 
  tldr ; * anyone scientifically literate * - and there is the problem . 
  biology class got compartmentalized the way the mutually incompatible explanations of the trinity did for theologians . 
  south america but i suppose south africa is on a similar list . 
  i know , the neoreactionaries say `` cthulhu swims slowly , but always to the left '' . 
  on the other side richard dawkins describes it as `` the zeitgeist '' but it is a curiously underexamined as to why this should be so . 
  it is far from clear that `` progress '' is actual progress in many instances . 
  much of our progress in the half century gone appears to be virtual instead of physical . 
  if you asked somebody from 1969 which was more likely : a black man in the white house ( notice how we call him ` black ' despite him being half white ) in the next 50 years or a moon base , i think you know what answer would have been given . 
  social change is something but without an accompanying physical change it can not persist . 
  gdp growth has been dogshit for the west as a whole compared with former centuries . 
  wages have n't changed for many workers for almost a lifetime . 
  this is the big story behind all the headlines that is n't getting covered . 
  in a nutshell , a liberal atheist/agnostic today saying they believe in darwinian evolution is like `` i 'm not a racist but ... '' for the right wing . 
  the reason why darwin caused such a stir is not because he made claims about evolution . 
  ideas related to evolution have been around for thousands of years . 
  it is because he ( a ) claimed the mechanism was natural selection and ( b ) claimed it applied to the human species . 
  today liberals say they believe in darwinian evolution . 
  most of them * clearly do not * . 
  when have you * ever * heard a liberal or a leftist ascribe something , anything in human society , social , cultural , political to genetics outside of the medical field ? 
  yet it is obvious that e.g. 
  human reproduction is handled very differently in different places and consistently for thousands of years . 
  in one place monogamy , in another polygamy . 
  in one place the ` plumage ' of the female is exotic , colourful and another it is drab and dark colored . 
  these are ** classic signals ** in evolutionary biology . 
  if darwinian evolution is an explanation for diversity then it is an general purpose explanation for * nearly everything * we see about our species . 
  it might not be the full explanation since environmental and social factors are also real but that is surely where one would begin .
