  i think that is only true for other similarly aged individuals , not adults  18 . 
  i think you 're right . 
  i do n't think we 've yet invented an ideology that did n't have violence associated with it , there are even violent buddhists . 
  of course the frequency of violence for different groups is the more pressing concern , but it is troubling that even if we got rid of religious conflict we 'd likely still be forking each other over politics , i do n't know what we can do about that but i think about it a lot . 
  this is a controversial subject !, 
  i 'll see if i can reply without mentioning hitler . 
  i think maybe it does exist . 
  whether it is ` extreme ' appears to depend on circumstances . 
  in a weird way that few partisans seem to want to acknowledge , it appears to be possible to be extremely right and left wing simultaneously . 
  a positive example might be lee kuan yew of singapore . 
  singapore is not simply a place of unbridled capitalism . 
  iirc the people 's savings is under control of the state , and housing is provided for most of them from the state . 
  in the early part of the 20th century the italians and others were also full of talk about ` the third way ' . 
  this ` third way ' is often a kind of mixture of capitalism and socialism . 
  this also happened in the 80s , lots of talk about a ` third way ' then too . 
  tldr ; maybe !, 
  his policies are mostly centrist anyway . 
  he has a core similarity to merkel , and will behave like a weather vane because he does n't really have very strong core beliefs of his own . 
  i do n't know a single working class guy in antifa . 
  it is primarily a student thing , quite similar to the red guards in china and likely to end similarly , which is to say , horribly . 
  what you said is true , but the oldest definition of propaganda i know of is literally `` information from the government '' . 
  good , bad , does n't matter . 
  maybe we need to invent some new words instead of using the same ones to mean several different things . 
  probably prevent a lot of meaningless arguments that way . 
  i do n't know why you 'd be outraged by this . 
  is this propaganda ? 
  yeah . 
  but you know what , we constantly have propaganda on here . 
  even in fictional television shows that should have nothing to do with it there is political propaganda . 
  at the least this tv spot tells you it is from the government !, 
   the wet slapping sound of our tariff-free commerce , the migration of countless millions of my citizens onto your alabaster skin jesus christ . 
  after listening i feel like hunting rabbits . 
  you should definitely acquire a horned helmet . 
  if i were german i 'd wear it everywhere . 
  at meetings . 
  in bed . 
  at lunch . 
  especially in the bath . 
  as for me , i 'll set up a special theme park in ireland . 
  it shall be themed with long forgotten characters from legend , like balor of the evil eye . 
  we have all this good stuff and yet we 've let hollywood walk all over us with their weak material and they had almost no history to work with . 
  and so , the second french revolution began , like the first , by accident . 
  - future historians , if there are any , probably . 
  iirc , we stored the latin and greek texts that would have otherwise been lost . 
  there is no doubt that we owe the monks of those monasteries on the islands . 
  the problem is that we also culled society 's intellect by selecting those bright young men and put them into a situation where they could n't have children . 
  since intelligence is partly genetic , this was about the opposite of what you 'd want . 
  the fact is that about 5 % -10 % of young men account for the vast majority of invention and leadership in society . 
  it might be closer to .5 % - 1 % but the point remains . 
  this is stunning obvious if you examine the pedigree of distinguished scientists . 
  a good  50 % of the time grandad was also a distinguished scientist . 
  i am also not forgetting that many of the scientists in the enlightenment period would have been christians . 
  however all things change , and now we are here . 
  the church has not been a bright light for our society for quite a long time now . 
  what is worse , it appears to be heading in the opposite direction to the one which i want . 
  humanism , humanitarianism , liberalism in general , it is the wrong place to be , it is just the reflection of christian thought through another more secular way , with similar universal values and the exact same problems , that is , none of it corresponds with reality . 
  ** important note : ** gene wolfe is a special kind of catholic . 
  if catholics were gene wolfe catholics , then i would n't be at all worried . 
  that variant of catholic has apparently died out though in most parts so far as i can tell , which is very sad . 
  we seriously need to sit down and reconsider all our priors about society and the state , because i do n't think democracy , republicanism and christianity are going to weather the 21st century very well unless major reforms are introduced , and i do n't think there is any urgency or recognition of the need to do so , so they are likely to be lose badly . 
  i see us as being similar to the soviet union in the 80s , before everything went to shit for them . 
  unless you want to experience an existential crisis for decades , i suggest joining house slytherin . 
  i think christianity was an enormous mistake for my country . 
  i fail to see what the advantage was to us . 
  therefore i became a snake . 
  long live salazar slytherin . 
  it is even in our house sigil . 
  i think we should reach back into our more distant past . 
  maybe we could start with an ard ri automating half the civil service with artificial intelligence instead of the clown show a republic is . 
  then we shall be known as the computational executive of hibernia !, 
  they will fear our robot steeds and albion will quail before us . 
  tldr ; there 's no need to wait for the next season of game of thrones . 
  yeah , this happened to my grandmother . 
   i support using rationality , history and science for governing . 
  well , in that sense we must both be revolutionaries . 
  it seems to me that both markets and planning are not working as well as they used to . 
  heretical i know , but that 's what i see . 
  fascinating that a leftist and rightist can be essentially in agreement on this issue . 
  if there exists enough leftists such as yourself , then that does n't bode well for the center in the upcoming french election . 
  in your name in jest , or are you actually a communist ? 
  just curious . 
  real wages for most of the west have been stagnant for a very long time . 
  it is true that over centuries much has changed , mostly for the better economically , but this is no longer the case and has not been the case for quite a long time for a person 's lifetime . 
  in 1968 or 1969 , the median american male was paid more per hour than he is now . 
  i can source that claim if you are interested . 
  there is a technological stagnation also . 
  outside of computers and computation , not much is changing . 
  there are plenty of reports of change , but not much actual change . 
  think agricultural yields , cost of energy , energy storage , speed of transport , space travel , these are all major areas where no `` next level '' change is occurring . 
  many of the innovations we talk up today , were actually invented many decades ago , including those in computation . 
  i can put numbers to these claims if you 're actually interested . 
  very true . 
  unfortunately , divisions can start off one thing e.g. 
  nationalist , and devolve into another e.g. 
  religious . 
  in civil conflict , there is a exorable process of eliminating any gray areas to ensure survival . 
  in the flag next to my name , there are three colours - green , white and orange . 
  the orange used to represent protestantism , signifying that we were on the same side . 
  so that did n't exactly work out . 
  it is easy to understand why if you put yourself into the shoes of a person with limited information .
