  nobody ( in the public sphere ) is thinking about the long term trends . 
  it 's cat pictures and beyonce and the occasional war . 
  these are products of our current society 's choices . 
  we 're stagnating . 
  we 've got to * wake up * . 
  england is a paranoid , dispirited country - we should be looking at why that is so . 
  people from developed , similar countries can integrate . 
  clearly this is not true for massive portions of the planet . 
  moving from some places on earth to our countries is the equivalent of time travel . 
  nobody imports people from png and imagines nothing out of the ordinary shall happen . 
  the pros and cons of introducing new people to a country should be weighed very carefully indeed , and probably never should exceed 10 % of the population . 
  that is the japanese model and i believe it works . 
  we should not be assuming that everybody can integrate to anywhere . 
  there 's evidence this does n't work . 
  africans have been living in america for centuries and they have not assimilated into the population . 
  why replicate the failure ? 
  integration happens through intermarriage and warfare historically , it looks like if one does n't happen , then the other does , one ethnic enclave against the other . 
  any group of people is a network of ideas . 
  put englishmen in another country and you 'll get english institutions . 
  assimilation tends to work ( sometimes ) when a culture is enjoying an economic bounty , has a lot of economic growth . 
  we do not live in such an age ( if we did , wage levels would be climbing rapidly ) . 
  if large numbers of backwards people travel to your country you shall very likely get backwards activities and institutions . 
  england did n't have a problem with people being murdered for witchcraft , acid being thrown into people 's faces and ritual/honour killings and endemic child abuse until very recently . 
  those are foreign imports . 
  add up every single instance of abuse to child we had in catholic ireland , and it does n't even come close to the level of one notorious `` british '' town . 
  that tells you everything you need to know . 
  it is culture . 
  and culture is made of people . 
  this is n't rocket science , it 's obvious and backed by all observations . 
  it 's just painful for people to admit they 've made huge mistakes on this topic , especially when surrounded by do-gooders who do n't live with the non-natives . 
  tldr ; if i am right , which i admit it is possible that i may not be , but if i am right , then countries such as france and sweden will experience sectarianism like we had in northern ireland . 
  i do n't want any part of that , and it is not because i hate foreigners . 
  sectarianism is awful and can even become the prelude to civil conflict . 
  i like foreigners just fine , only in moderate amounts if they 're supposed to be living here . 
  tldr ; tdlr ; when in rome ... edit : i want to add to this re : `` englishmen in another country and you 'll get english institutions '' , that it ** is ** the case that people in different countries can learn from each other . 
  that really does happen . 
  japan is an excellent example of it happening , and then the japanese improved on those things also . 
  many classic ` japanese ' things like pocket doors were actually invented by the victorians !, 
  * however * this does not imply for a minute that this * shall * happen . 
  one culture has to first recognize the progress of the other culture in order to progress . 
  the chinese today have a lot of genuine respect for europeans , our old books , and are very likely to continue to progress . 
  i suspect not very many copies of edmund burke , john hume , charles darwin and adam smith are flying off the shelves in cairo or brazzaville but if they were , then i would be a lot more hopeful about those societies . 
  to be capable of improvement , individual or group , you first have to be capable of articulating and then criticizing the current state . 
  it 's not enough but it is the prerequisite . 
  you know the kind i 'm talking about . 
  they 're as common as muck on the isle of albion . 
  you like raspberry smoothies too ? 
  i use banana and plain yoghurt and honey . 
  much better than that innocent stuff . 
  oh god , do n't remind me . 
  it 's like living next door to the world 's most angsty teenager . 
  dark eye shadow and throwing televisions onto the front lawn . 
  nobody cares which parent birthed who at this point , ` nehaye ' is just incredibly annoying . 
  maybe when it grows up and gets a real job , sorts out its life it 'll turn into a responsible human being . 
  there 's nothing worse than an anti-english englishman . 
  and i say that as an irishman , so that 's saying something . 
  being overly patriotic is one thing , but self hatred is quite another . 
  if you feel that way by all means make your way to a ` clinic ' in switzerland , but do n't try and spread that mental illness of nihilism here . 
  it 's depression dressed up as fake sophistication . 
  please , no more liberals and/or english-hating english people . 
  we have had enough of those . 
  i 've had a number of arguments with english people who assume just because they filled their country up with non-europeans , our country 's policy should be the same . 
  no explanation as to why that should be so . 
  if you have that attitude , then i 'm not sure why i 'd want you here either . 
  i 've lived in england before . 
  the old england impresses me on many levels . 
  the ` new ' england does not . 
  i have no desire for my country to turn into england-lite . 
  edit : apparently ireland remaining filled with irish people is a terrible moral error :-) i just do not care . 
  i do not think so . 
  your belief monarchy is backwards is part of a widely shared set of beliefs in our countries , actually held by nearly everybody . 
  cheer up !, 
  you 're 300 % more popular than saudi arabia !, 
  we 'd better restrain him fellow euros !, 
  last time our kleptomaniac friend started up it got totally out of control :-) `` haha , what 's this ? 
  another new continent ? 
  in the bag it goes ! '', 
  - the british , probably . 
  either case , they 're no longer a real citizen . 
  filthy catholics , coming into our country , taking away our wine . 
  it is high time we undid this entire christianity thing and went back to ye olde ways . 
  no shame backing out of a dead end . 
  and since we would n't be catholic , also no shame . 
  there better be a harem if they 're getting a sultan . 
  i do n't see the point of a sultan if they do n't get a harem . 
  nonsense !, 
  you 're one of those silly people who believe history is linear and progress means going forwards . 
  in fact nuclear power and monarchy are too sophisticated for our present day society . 
  history is like a rubber tire , it goes forwards , but it has cycles . 
  presently many things in our society are not able to be done because we 've lost sophistication that existed in centuries past . 
  take a good long look at the chateau de chambord . 
  http://www.designlike.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/chateau-de-chambord.jpg-9.jpg not replicable today . 
  people of the future will look back at the early 21st century and laugh at those barbarians - the ones who ate meat from real animals . 
  if technology means doing more things with less stuff , then we 've started to go backwards . 
  that is bullshit . 
  i lived in england during the riots , i followed most of everything that happened and this is news to me . 
  i 'm right wing by the way . 
  probably far more than you . 
  we do n't need to make up shit to have something valid to say . 
  individual responsibility makes sense when a person acts * as * an individual .
