  it seems like we fit the word to whatever we like to see but then we collected everything we did not like and called it ` politics ' . 
  by today 's definitions a state that does n't allow women the vote is n't democratic and so is n't a democracy and yet that implies we 've had it for a few decades only . 
  tldr ; democracy is an untrustworthy benchmark over time . 
  this is kind of one of my problems as a reactionary with how we westerners think of `` democracy '' . 
  it seems like we fit the word to whatever we like to see but then we collected everything we did not like and called it ` politics ' . 
  by today 's definitions a state that does n't allow women the vote is n't democratic and so is n't a democracy and yet that implies we 've had it for a few decades only . 
  tldr ; democracy is an untrustworthy benchmark over time . 
  it would have been straight forward today to prevent this , this tactic only worked because geographical centralization enabled a small group of men to coerce the center . 
  most of our institutions are set up this way and that seems rather stupid . 
  i would be highly curious about what measures exist for emergency government in the attempt of a coup like this one . 
  that is regrettable but two things occur to me here . 
  i 've never heard of the other countries disputing the result , they accepted it as valid it seems , and second i 'm sure you know that the passions of the time were extremely extenuated due to the foolishness of the weimar republic 's economic policy . 
  that 's not really a rationale to murder the opposition , we can not really be westerners if we believe in only 1 thing at the same time , but it explains the atmosphere somewhat . 
  the un failed before so it 's not crazy to think it might again . 
  it used to be called the league of nations . 
  the left and right were both at each other 's throats with beatings , bombings . 
  were the leaders of the opposition parties to the nazis imprisoned or killed ? 
  a considerable portion of the polish jews helped the russians . 
  jerry , were i a fascist , i would simply call myself a fascist and tell you that fascism did n't begin with hitler but has a long european tradition , it 's not something i 'd be ashamed of if i were one . 
  it 's just as legitimate a politician philosophy as trotskyism . 
  it would , however , be wrong , because reactionaries are not fascists . 
  you 're reminding me of a libertarian who ca n't tell the difference between bernie sanders and pol pot . 
  i strongly suspect according to your lights nearly everybody before the enlightenment was a fascist . 
  i think what matters is now , today , most muslims want to kill the jews , all of them . 
  it is possible , i do not know , that their clerics , at least some , say `` no '' to that , but in practice casual observation shows that is indeed what the lay want in their hearts . 
  sorry to see you 're being downvoted , it annoys me because this is not a competition , you 're not off topic or trolling and appear to offering a legitimate point . 
  reddit is a bad place for talking about anything besides fluff and me-tooism . 
  you sure are a jerry , geary . 
  you merely use that word to denote that which you do not like . 
  it is possible to talk of communism without being a communist . 
  or discuss authoritarianism without being one . 
  similarly , one can be leftist without being a bolshevik , or a rightist without endorsing cromwell . 
  i am in fact a reactionary , which by definition can not be fascist because reactionaries do n't believe in `` democracy '' , `` the will of the people '' or any of that crap . 
  liberals do n't either , but that 's another story . 
  many reactionaries are worried that what is happening will lead to a united europe and so spell the end of her . 
  you do n't require reading history books to see what 's going to happen in europe , but in your case i recommend it . 
  i do not approve of political violence except in situations of extreme and immediate duress . 
  i am describing what i think reality is , what is real and what will happen . 
  it is hardly the result of my personal political predilections ( non-fascist ) that liberalism has conjured up future political violence , it is merely a fact . 
  you know you 're a liberal in europe if you believe that a : migration should never be put to a popular vote . 
  b : but hooray for democracy and human rights , whatever they are . 
  c : liberal = = western & western = = liberal . 
  ( error ) d : eu does not have power to control borders . 
  e : but does control the contents of each country as per threats to the visegrad group . 
  i find it fascinating . 
  i ca n't even watch period dramas anymore . 
  i see too many people that could not plausibly have existed in the xxth centuries in europe . 
  completely breaks any immersion . 
  it 's perfectly possible this is true and he hated jews also . 
  there 's a double standard with men and women at play , a prescientific way of thinking belonging to the ancient world . 
  it 's not specific to muslims , it 's just obvious there . 
  you 'll note that the god of the bible allows the jews entering the promised land to carry off the women and children ( rape ) but the men are killed . 
  today a muslim man in europe may have a relationship western woman , but the reverse is considered immoral by muslims , that 's how a lot of the honour killings have happened . 
  we already know many in the islamic world treat women like livestock . 
  isis members have yazidi women they are ` married to ' by clerics but that is not meaningful . 
  both of them did , they 're on the same page arguing on detail . 
  size , not shape . 
   ca n't believe this sub makes me side with muslims who ruin my country  what is happening here is simple these people are extremist muslims who have a fucked up definition of jihad most of us want to prevent the first and are using the second as the excuse because it 's a much easier understanding for the average person to swallow . 
  obviously not all muslims are jihadis , but in the big picture the first is more concerning , if less dramatic . 
   ali arrived for his first shift at the fake firm in august last year , leaving his seat leon car at the birmingham depot , where mi5 officers searched the vehicle with a view to bugging it . 
    however , inside they found a jd sports bag containing a partially-constructed pipe bomb and meat cleaver with the word `` kafir '' - meaning non-believer - scratched on it . 
  surreal . 
  civilization - kenneth clarke . 
  available from youtube and torrents . 
  as i 'm sure you realize , typically historical migration controls often involved mass murder by one of two parties . 
  the original purpose of the state is defined by the maintenance territorial boundary in more modern times with the guise of ` migration control ' at train stations and airports . 
  a friendlier face and in a high visibility vest to be sure . 
  so what happened ? 
  i do n't think it was sudden , it was a slow rot from fluffy and vague liberal thinking . 
  not enough rightist thought was allowed . 
  the germans , french and swedish governments have recently in some sense lost legitimacy as order keeper , the consensus making organs in western intelligentsia have been infected by a peculiar doctrine which involves governments behaving as if they can select their citizenry instead of the other way around . 
  in time i think merkel 's decision will be seen by history as a landmark event in the relations between people and their governments , similar to the magna carta . 
  on our fragility , i think it is not true . 
  i believe europe is merely slowly awaking like a giant from a slumber . 
  the liberals will be crushed by voting or violence throughout the continent and a new order will prevail . 
  the only question is how soon . 
  the irony would be of course that merkel will have obtained what the eurocrats wanted , although perhaps not in the way they wanted . 
  that does n't work , it is perfectly possible to be a westerner and fail your test . 
  being a westerner is something real but difficult to articulate , like most forms of culture . 
  i 've lived with lithuanians . 
  no problem . 
  it 's the whole package that is the problem , not just the crime statistics . 
  but even if they were the best human beings on the planet , it * still * does n't follow we ought to allow them in , because we live here and they do not , it 's our home and therefore we have the right to refuse access to it . 
  any rationale is just an extra on top of that . 
  i keep seeing people doing this , left and right , supposedly for ` science ' . 
  it 's absurd . 
  twitter tweets , facebook likes , none of these things are a good basis for data . 
  there 's already a giant industry in click-fraud let alone fake internet points and that 's with google putting ai and teams of gifted programmers to work on preventing it . 
  you can obtain infinite numbers of internet points if you 're a computer programmer . 
  some of them stand out though . 
  the cheka were especially horrifying . 
  i do n't want a religion ban but i think the first is not like the other two because far rightist and far leftist thinking is native to the west , islam is not . 
  have you heard of the cathars ? 
  it 's a religion that used to exist in italy and france . 
  apparently the eu does n't have enough power over immigration * but * does have the power to fill our countries with black or brown people and then fine us billions of euros if we find that questionable . 
  what a strange superpower . 
  excatly . 
  we send him to a camp where he shall live permanently until he realizes he shall be living there until he dies unless he cooperates . 
  that 's only in theory though . 
  in reality it will be cheaper to run a genome sequencing test to discover exactly where he comes from .
