  centrism is a combination of left and right wing political thought . 
  there are no great centrist political philosophers . 
  the left and right are in most cases opposites . 
  it is possible for a centrist government to be moderate , taking positions on policy where they are half way between rightist and leftist thinking examples : human rights of the un look like a combination of negative ( right ) and positive rights ( left ) . 
  a moderate level of taxation taking 50 % of gdp or thereabouts where a majority of that is redistributed is a centrist policy . 
  so it sounds like i 've described social democracy . 
  however that is the ` soft ' mode when liberalism does not have competitors , the hard mode shows the other side to liberalism , which is that it will kill leftists and rightists to preserve itself . 
  when you combine leftist and rightist thoughts under stress you can produce something that looks like schizophrenia . 
  people have forgotten that before the rise of the third reich , that germany was the most liberal country in all of europe . 
  the weimar republic had every type of intellectual , artist , philosopher drawn to its universities , it was a time of exploration and decadence , for instance there was openly existing sex clubs , gay clubs . 
  germany was a liberal mecca the way san francisco is today . 
  it is not a coincidence that adolf was an aspiring artist . 
  typical product for his time . 
  the highly educated young bourgeois who inhabited that cultural space became the stuff of hollywood villains later . 
  tldr ; few of the people involved were extremists . 
  economic stress + centrism = antisemitism . 
  why ? 
  because it 's * common ground * between the far right and far left , which makes it a great scapegoat for a centrist policymaker . 
  it is like this : the left and right are ideas which are opposites . 
  they conflict , but they also * hold each other in check * . 
  people think to themselves `` well yes , but on the other hand ... '' when you combine the two , and suffer economic or political stress , this check and balance can be canceled out , leaving the potential for violent centrism . 
  i think it makes sense to distinguish between the general case and the specific case , so you ca n't compare nazism to communism strictly speaking - you would need to compare nazism to bolshevism or communism to fascism . 
  there are a few examples of communist and fascist operating with limited political violence but understandably most people prefer not to take the risk with either - which is a big part of why so many landed in the lap of liberalism . 
  it is a century later and i think we need to move forward , there 's value in reading about history but it has limitations . 
  i think the problem today is that liberalism as we know it is a sleeping giant . 
  we 've seen ` soft ' liberalism in our lifetimes because it had no real competition . 
  it has other forms too and i suspect we 'll see them under the rubric of ` human rights ' . 
  it is possible that the failed ventures in iraq/afghanistan were merely the starting pistol and the west has learned nearly nothing from the experience , merely `` bush/blair bad '' , not that the ideas they held were bad or questionable in any way . 
  yes , i 'm not claiming it is pervasive . 
  i do claim it is n't as tabooed as the swastika . 
  really i 'm not even arguing that it should be , and certainly not banned . 
  however it has always intrigued me that it does n't have the same connotations for westerners as the swastika . 
  this is probably a case of near vs far , to use robin hanson 's phrase . 
  oh , i 'm all the way out there , politically . 
  i have however , read a considerable number of books on the history of politics , old and new . 
  it surprises me that people have been perplexed by my comment , because hitler 's quotes on this subject are well known , even if people have n't had the time to read political history . 
  `` things you ca n't see from the center '' . 
  i repeat : can you identify examples of liberal propaganda ? 
  if you examine what hitler said and did , you shall notice he said things that would appeal to rightists and leftists depending on what mood took him . 
  this is because he believed in a `` third way '' . 
  hitler was an authoritarian , but the liberals also believe in a `` third way '' , a middle ground between communism and capitalism . 
  that is the center . 
  what most people think of as `` moderate '' is actually a highly specific species of political thought that has just been very successful post-wwii to recent times . 
  if you think that was crazy you have n't read all that much on the history of western political thought . 
  you live in democracies because liberalism is the political order won the second world war . 
  could you identify examples of liberal propaganda ? 
  expressions like ` democracy ' , ` human rights ' , ` business ' are not value neutral . 
  they belong to a specific genre of political thinking that most westerners identify with . 
  yet this genre is but one of many western ideologies . 
  the thought : `` we should fight for human rights '' should be thought of as being in the same category as `` we should fight for god and country '' or even `` fight for the monarchy '' . 
  it is the organizing principal , even if you agree with it . 
  people who do n't think extreme centrism exists or it can not lead to violence are kidding themselves . 
  liberalism can lead to violence and does . 
  there is a ` missionary aspect ' to liberalism many people are not seeing correctly . 
  tony blair and george bush were centrists who invaded countries . 
  it is easy , very easy , to argue hitler was an example of an extreme centrist . 
  he was constantly speaking to left and right wing tropes , blending them together . 
  most of his policy was not very right or left wing , not for the context of the time . 
  i think the language of human rights makes it very easy to have wars by way of a moral crusade . 
  i have ran into several people who say `` western values should be spread and we should prevent countries from doing human rights abuses '' . 
  i 've fairly extreme political opinions but at least i know i do , it worries me that so many people are unaware of the implications , believe themselves `` moderate '' and think these things . 
  edit : in case it was not clear : i support many western ideals , but i do not approve of spreading them through invasions . 
  if you serve as a good role model other people will copy you anyway . 
  non-westerners do n't like being told what to think any more than you do . 
  what about the display of the hammer and sickle ? 
  the sign of the tankie , a proponent of violent extremism . 
  i am unaware of a benign use of the symbol by moderate leftists . 
  japanese people are often interested in other countries though . 
  they are curious . 
  that 's the difference . 
  the problem with that essay is that nearly all of it applies to what i 've seen of communists also . 
  there are very few working class young men who join antifa . 
  they are middle class or welfare class . 
  right wing protests are also uncommon . 
  violence against police during protests is not common either . 
  of course the right can be violent , but the behaviour of left and right forms of political activism is surprisingly different , perhaps because the political ideologies come out of a difference in personality types . 
   but the west is basically stagnating since the 1970s , as you said , so i don \u00b4 t see why this is that big of a problem for countries like china . 
  two reasons . 
  specifically china and europe/america are not separate economies , they are integrated to the extent some economists call them `` chimerica '' . 
  generally the , let 's call it the `` tech graph tree '' , like in a videogame , is the same for every country , at least in potential . 
  if we run into technical issues , the others do too ( which is part of why i hope the major part of our problem is cultural ) . 
  some people , i among them , believe we are in danger of entering a new dark age . 
  i know that sounds preposterous but i am quite confident this is possible for a very advanced society . 
  whether it is happening is up for debate but i believe most people have gigantically underestimated the probability because they falsely believe technological ability can not devolve . 
   wealth doesn \u00b4 t just come from technology . 
  it also requires resources . 
  the wealth of the west is based on both , we were the first with advanced technology thus we could conquer most of the world , thus giving the western states the infinite amount of resources they needed - for a time . 
  then the west committed its first suicide in world war 1 . 
  now , the west has technology , but it doesn \u00b4 t have the resources . 
  agreed i think , on the resources front . 
  some annoying hard to find hard to substitute items exist . 
  cobalt , phosphorous . 
   not because they are out of reach , because this world doesn \u00b4 t provide an infinite amount of resources . 
  infinite growth is impossible . 
  if you accept that simple truth , you know that our current economic system is finished . 
  i think obviously infinite growth is impossible even as a thought experiment but ` bounded cyclical growth ' is possible , more than possible , most biological living organisms operate like this . 
  in the nearer term than evolutionary time or geological time - i think there are a number of ways to decrease prices of resources . 
  we could simply decide the entire post-colonial era was a giant mistake . 
  today politically impossible , tomorrow who knows . 
  undersea mining , asteroid mining , all real possibilities , but not if we 're stuck without a ride to even lower earth orbit !,
