  we are actually the ones with the problem . 
  the major question is how do you develop , the already ` developed ' world . 
  because unless you have n't been paying much attention , things are not actually getting faster and faster . 
  in computers , everything has improved , yes . 
  outside of computers , there are very few improvements in the last half century in the west . 
  energy prices are exponentially higher . 
  we have n't returned to the moon in half a century . 
  energy storage is total shit . 
  there are no new nuclear plants being built in most western countries . 
  travel is literally slower than in the past , due to security checks and the fact the concorde is out of order . 
  our roads and bridges are in a state of disrepair . 
  agricultural yields are much lower than they used to be during the green revolution . 
  there are very few new materials in homes . 
  the ` genetic revolution ' has been here for 50 years and only 9 drugs per year are developed as a result of it . 
  progress is actually going backwards in biotechnology , they call it eroom 's law . 
  nanotech is non-existent . 
  i could go on for hours . 
  technological development for the west ( beyond the hype ) , the most developed part of the world , is in serious trouble , but very few people appreciate or understand this . 
  the simplest question about tech you should ask yourself , is are things getting cheaper ? 
  or are your wages going up ? 
  if not , you may not be living in technologically transformative times , you may be under a delusion . 
  the first is an algorithm for finding new societies , because it believes all utopias must fail , but that society experiments must be done on a small scale to discover new ways forward . 
  that is a meta-utopian ideal i suppose . 
  there is a society similar to the illuminati which grew up during the enlightenment period , which darwin and many others iirc were involved in . 
  you might consider eugenics ( galton ) to be a utopian project also , although many people consider that to have not worked . 
  i believe that is premature though , we are already practicing ( abortion , prescreening , contraception all make it very much more unlikely that certain groups of people reproduce ) many examples of eugenic processes in our society right now but we do n't normally think of them as such . 
  another example would be the anti-slavery movement in the west . 
  that achieved something no other slave owning society in history had achieved so far as i know . 
  another example would be the united states . 
  i 'm not an american , so this is not patriotic bravado . 
  the us was a utopian project , because it had a vision of a different future and the majority of people in europe did n't think it would work long term . 
  so far it appears to have held up as an experiment i do n't think history is finished yet . 
  in a way i think you might have trouble finding any utopian vision which succeeded , because when they succeed they tend to fade into the background and become mundane . 
  in the future , seasteading is a technique of creating utopias that employs the processes of selection and natural selection . 
  in the past , the lunar society and some other enlightenment societies had visions of the future which seem to have worked . 
  i agree on technocracy . 
  that is an unfortunate name space collision . 
  it is not wrong to mix technology and governance , but they wanted to change more than government , they over reached long before getting out of the cradle and became a religion , which is the primary failure mode of any utopia since it does not admit to failure . 
  we will see . 
  my future gazing is tempered by the fact i find pneumatic tube systems highly futuristic . 
  they used to send letters in the major cities within 1 hour . 
  there are many technically brilliant solutions that do not scale . 
  or which become forbidden due to politics e.g. 
  genetic manipulations and nuclear energy . 
  personally i do expect large advances in robotics , but only because i also expect a large war in urban areas between advanced adversaries , not necessarily governments . 
  before any of this happens though they will require a breakthrough in battery storage , which has been limping along at 1 % per year . 
  that 's not always true . 
  the industrialists and scientists of the past had utopian visions also , and they succeeded beyond their wildest dreams . 
  the last century certainly gave all that a bad rap though . 
  what of countries like egypt ? 
  there 's a problem long before 2050 . 
  its population is 100 million and it does not possess an economy . 
  if the food stopped arriving there would be no power on earth that could logistically feed that many people fast enough . 
  3 days is all it would take for the majority to lack for sustenance . 
  i find it odd we ( in the west ) never talk about vitally important topics such as this . 
  and i think it highly unlikely democracy lasts beyond 2100 . 
  in historic times it did n't last long either . 
  the intriguing question is : what comes after ? 
  and does it happen because of regression , or advancement ? 
  i think that is something we really ought to talk about more . 
  of course . 
  but here ` time ' may mean centuries at the present rate of change . 
  not the exciting message you 'll read about in the newspaper . 
  i note for instance , that the self driving car becomes possible because of advances in deep learning , which occurred partially because of a slight adjustment to theoretical knowledge . 
  a ( in hindsight ) simple oversight prevented machine learning advancing for at least two or three decades . 
  not something that is explained in all those glossy magazine articles on cars that drive themselves . 
  this says to me that the theoretical basis for ai is extremely important for fundamental change . 
  there are no breakthroughs i am aware of ( and i subscribe to miri 's newsletter ) . 
  there are very few people working on agi for instance , which in my opinion would likely be critical to high functioning and adaptable robotics . 
  the numbers are deceptive . 
  i do expect all delivery people to have their jobs replaced , yes . 
  but they do not represent the majority of working class jobs . 
  cleaners , firemen , builders ( centuries of automation and we continue to build by hand because it is still the most effective ) , gardeners , cooks . 
  what do these jobs have in common ? 
  they operate in 3 dimensional space . 
  there exist no robots capable of operating at our level in 3 dimensional space . 
  it is cheaper to create humans . 
  boston dynamics is attempting to build machines which * walk * . 
  because we find this comes naturally to us , we underestimate how difficult it is for machines . 
  perhaps one day there will be a breakthrough , but right now the intellectual ability of machines and the physical ability of machines are not correlated . 
  white collar jobs shall be the ones automated . 
  they deal with information . 
  blue collar jobs are quite safe . 
  the industrial revolution already automated the obvious . 
  this is called moravec 's paradox and it is one of the first things you learn when you study artificial intelligence . 
  and there are so many more people who need to be offended !, 
  that is similar to my conclusion . 
  the fastest way out of this is : 1 . 
  we made some mistakes . 
  maybe you made it worse . 
  see co-dependent relationship on wikipedia . 
  it is not you , it is me . 
  ( bad break up in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... ) 4 . 
  i 'm leaving . 
  i 'm taking the cat ( thanks for the infrastructure ) . 
  you can keep your money . 
  * slam * honestly it is better for everybody !, 
   what your video is defining is not intelligence , that is an algorithm . 
  a way to solve a problem in a finite number of steps is almost exactly the definiton for that . 
  that is exactly what intelligence is ( to me ) .
