  much prefer to live in china than egypt or turkey . 
  there are options other than dictatorships or authoritarianism . 
  the west had constitutional monarchies for most of its economic growth . 
  i saw a lot of young boys being torn apart by the mob on the bridge . 
  i do n't think they had ammunition . 
  that is where this is going because if you have mobs of people roaming the streets for violence , then it is legitimate to bring in the army . 
  an edit : i wrote the above and did n't even know about op\u00e9ration ronce so that 's not a good sign . 
  yes , nobody expects them . 
  yes , it is more than annoying . 
  europe is very badly governed at the macro level , it is just that we 've had a lot of peace and prosperity from a highly productive economic system so we do n't realize it . 
  they are quite real . 
  i got that particular idea , from another turk on this subreddit . 
  he described a turkey in which the more islamic turks were outbreeding a different type of turk . 
  seems highly plausible to me , since the islamists followed this pattern in lebanon and egypt , they treat their women like livestock . 
  yes i know , that 's why i wrote the rest of my comment to clarify why . 
  sure that 's fine . 
  i 'm saying that if a sizeable portion of the country , does n't have to be  50 % thinks it 's okay to combine the government with religion ... that 's the real problem , with erdogan merely being a placeholder . 
  i think it is a problem here too , but in more subtle ways . 
  there 's no major push in europe to christianize the government , but there is too much synchronization in secularism over many issues , i think this is a hidden failure mode . 
  the norms and ideals of the middle classes in america and europe do not necessarily reflect real life , in some ways i think they are replacing religion by substitution and maybe this is why there is so much moral indignation around today . 
  it 's got to be more than that because europe being democratic is a new phenomenon . 
  furthermore the islamists in turkey are democratically elected so ... 
  i agree . 
  there are a portion of people in turkey who act like europeans but it seems like their numbers have rapidly diminished over time . 
  i forget their name , but they lived in the north west i think , may have been the group ataturk came from ? 
  whatever the case they have clearly lost their strength . 
  you will live , to see that you are wrong . 
  there is not a single country on this planet that has improved by the addition of muslims or africans . 
  individuals may be fine , but collectives behave tribally . 
  networks are not people . 
  by the time you get that through your head your future will be dark indeed . 
  your kind has stored up butchery in the future . 
  it is just like those pathetic brutal murders of leftists and liberals in south africa . 
  they could n't admit they were wrong and now they are dead . 
  the rightists are fine , they left the country decades ago . 
  tell me , how many muslims exist in france ? 
  oh that 's right , you do n't keep statistics . 
  tell me , how many violent crimes are by migrants in sweden ? 
  oh , that is right . 
  you do n't keep statistics . 
  you have already lost the argument you just do not know it yet . 
  do not agree . 
  you think this because you have absorbed a bunch of propaganda . 
  the russians think stalin 's activities were also all the things you just described . 
  the idea that the africans have anything to teach the japanese about the organization of society is laughable . 
  you downvote now . 
  in a decade or three it shall be seen as self evident . 
  incredibly vile , i shall never be a part of you . 
  also invented cheese and onion potato crisps . 
  we should reinstall the line of stuart . 
  that will make everything turn out better as everybody realizes democracy is low intensity radiation . 
  that 's why every state outside of the west 's incredible production base fails at it . 
  where can i get the real thing ? 
  am convinced i 've never managed to buy the real thing . 
  well , i do n't agree that jews are a small number within the alt-right , my experience is that at least a disproportionate number `` at the top '' of this network . 
  you have not shown yet that the idea the jews were heavily involved in bolshevism , and represented the majority of the bolshevik government is incorrect . 
  it 's no good saying the majority were caucasian if those were all functionaries at the margins , you have to show the * leaders * were majority non-jewish . 
  i do n't think the idea the jews are `` behind '' this or that leads to anti-jewishness . 
  i mean that it could , but only if you do n't look to the fact that whites are also disproportionally represented in inventing and innovating i.e. 
  the reasons for this may be natural and not the result of a giant evil conspiracy . 
  if you have a small core of well networked intelligent young men it stands to reason they shall be overrepresented in politics or science . 
  in my country it frequently happens that young men from one irish family will find themselves on opposite sides of the political establishment . 
  i do n't think it is a plot by the o'connells to steal my cattle . 
  well , nobody has done a scientific survey so we do n't know for sure . 
  it 's not just actual nrx either , there 's a number of jews commentating around the peripheral of the idea , such as scott alexander and his well known essays . 
  i 'd mention more names here actually but i do n't want to dox somebody accidentally . 
  they might not be a majority , but their influence is high . 
  what are your sources on the jewish composition of the bolshevik government ? 
  i 'd be curious about the circumstances/positions ( suppose they all got deleted from photos in the end haha ) . 
  yes , the core of alt-right thought is the nrx line , mostly geeky political theorists like curtis yarvin and nick land , and probably most neoreactionaries are jewish , at least of the ones i 've talked to , blogs i have read etc. 
  this is similar to how ( development of communism ) there were a considerable number of jewish marxists , but for the right wing and for the internet age . 
  actually even within the identitarian part of the alt-right something like this is true , richard spencer for instance collaborated with a jewish professor in coming up with his political ideas . 
  the idea that the alt-right are anti-semetic is too simplistic , i 'd say on close examination less than 5 % actually qualify , which is about the background population anyway . 
  on the other hand they definitely do n't like muslims so in that non-usual sense they could be anti-semetic . 
  ironically the actual nazis and muslims get along like a house on fire . 
  the political and economic doctrines of neonazis and islamists have a lot in common . 
  i can see how this would be confusing because there 's a minority of very vocal anti-semites but if anything i 'd say the real issue is on the left esp . 
  the british labour party , not a collection of people making comments under youtube videos . 
  correct . 
  the alt-right is a broad term encompassing a lot of different right wing groups under one banner . 
  the unifying element is probably that the cathedral is a threat to the west and cthulhu swimming to the left . 
  probably a majority of the neoreactionaries are themselves jews . 
  a different subgroup from the 88 crew , who do indeed hate jews . 
  there 's an important distinction between openly talking about the hyper representation of one ethnic group in society and hating them for it . 
  i do n't find the mainstream of political thought is terribly good at recognizing that for reasons of political correctness which i think actually do promote hate in a roundabout way . 
  it should be possible to say things like nearly all of the richest countries are white as a blunt statement without caveats or that a third of american black men will be behind bars . 
  these are facts but presently the informal assumption in society or at least the mediasphere/blogosphere is that you can discern anti-white or anti-black sentiment merely by * who * is making the observation which is preposterously stupid . 
  yes . 
  the purists are what identifies the essence of an ideology . 
  yes . 
  most examples to the contrary appear to be micro sized instances hosted within nations with market economies.this is common to many utopian visions , they may operate at one scale and not another . 
  pretty good rant !, 
  we need more reflection here , but maybe split your observations into multiple different posts - this way you get more coverage . 
  interesting parallels with the alt-right interpretation of reality there . 
  personally i think one of the worst ideas coming out of america over the past few decades has been this broad notion of a `` talk it out '' your differences . 
  i do not think that can work for europeans . 
  it is the opposite of the stoic mamma bear russia , which does not quite work for us either . 
  japan is a place where there are many paradoxes . 
  i saw an interesting photo representing that where on the subway there sat a man dressed like the cyberpunk style next to a woman wearing the traditional dress . 
  i repeat myself , but your ( and most people 's ) natural default is to believe centrism is equal to moderation , and i am saying this is n't necessarily so .
