  okay , i certainly hope so , but are those the same kurds i saw in running street battles with knives ? 
  this was infighting , not against natives , but still . 
  it is literally one page . 
  http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ might want to bone up on what you believe you 're protecting . 
  it 's less impressive in practice than in the ideal . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/news/2014/dec/04/-sp-case-against-human-rights  it 's not just the party members you should be considering , but their base , which makes up at least two thirds of the population . 
  look up the history of liberalism . 
  it 's a specific suite of political thought . 
  leftist and rightist partisans are at least half the population so that does not scan . 
   how much of the will to power or something have you read ? 
  none . 
  it does n't contain my philosophy , you 've made a category mistake . 
  however nietzsche was n't a fascist either , not even the huffington post 's team of marxists thinks that . 
  so ... http://www.huffingtonpost.com/brian-leiter/nietzsche-and-fascism_b_5458843.html tldr ; no gold star for you . 
  it 's related to it because there is frequently a conflation of free speech with democracy on forums such as this and twitter , to the extent that people are using them as synonyms . 
  i 'm saying that it is possible to have one without the other and you 're saying that democracy is merely a prerequisite to what we want and not a universal solution . 
  the liberal parties are n't `` everybody else '' , they 're not close to a majority , never have been . 
  they 're the same people they have been for centuries . 
  doctors , lawyers . 
  the difference is that they used to be better , dare i say it : better educated . 
  for instance : i notice that almost nobody espousing the liberal position is able to tackle any of the points brought up by rightists or leftists on here . 
  it 's just assumed that liberals are right as if it were a birthright . 
  how many of you have even read the un declaration of human rights ? 
  do your friends who argue for it , have they read it ? 
  looked more than a bit sinister there !, 
   technically she did a shitload of right before she did that one big wrong . 
  unfortunately 1 wrong move can cancel out 99 positive moves . 
  like a hellish stock exchange . 
  that 's why being a politician is a thankless vocation . 
   or at least can be perceived very differently to be very precise . 
  english is not my native language so sometimes i find it difficult to properly express my thoughts in foreign language . 
  i understood what you meant , but why let that get in the way of my stream of consciousness ? 
  ;-)  now i am interested which are which and why ? 
  some minorities are `` native but minority '' . 
  some examples : jews . 
  been in europe for thousands of years . 
  not really israeli , there are two types of jews and they 're quite different to each other . 
  african americans . 
  been in the us for centuries . 
  roma . 
  same as with jews . 
  some white nationalists want to foist american blacks onto africa . 
  i do n't think that follows because they did n't arrive voluntarily and because they wo n't be able to integrate into african culture because they 're not africans . 
  this has actually already been tried . 
  it leads to liberia ( enslavement of natives , or else the migrants almost certainly be killed ) . 
  there are certainly problems with the black community in america , but now they 're `` american '' problems because of the length of time that has passed . 
  you break it , you bought it . 
  there 's some evidence that african-american culture is worse in violence than african culture , likely for two reasons 1 . 
  they entered a cultural sink in the 20th century that got steadily worse , 2 . it 's likely that africans sold their criminals as slaves first , so there is an exaggerated genetic criminality issue . 
  whatever the case : it 's an american problem to solve . 
  it is like this . 
  the majority culture/native/race should be dominant for the same reason that thomas hobbes described governments needing monopoly power over violence in the book on political power leviathan . 
  that may mean a hard limit on how many non-natives the native population can support politically e.g. 
  80 % native , 90 % native . 
  it would be different for different cultures . 
  it 's definitely not below 50 % because then racial factions will spring up and we will have war . 
  some non-natives are worse than others , especially muslims because they not only do n't integrate but actively attempt to push their beliefs on others using violence or subtle types of coercion , see lky in singapore 's description of them for more details . 
  we view nations as being a bit like corral reefs . 
  they protect lots of little denizens/citizens of the reef that are n't the original `` owner '' . 
  without the protection of the corral , everybody goes into a sink , there 's a die off . 
  like corral , such a shelter takes a long time to build but can be easily destroyed by various conditions . 
  that is incorrect . 
  it 's not a negative sum game but there is an effect . 
  the `` who '' is mostly middle class german couples having fewer children . 
  that is already occurring , but this exaggerates it . 
   are there any white people expelled from their homeland in europe right now ? 
  now you 're using hyperbole . 
  population replacement is population replacement , it 's a description in demographics , not a euphemism . 
  see the majority of migrants in germany do not work and will not work , perhaps ever . 
  this is well known , i do n't think you will dispute it . 
  this increases taxation levels or reduces state spending ability , which impedes the average native german 's ability by a small fraction , to have children , be independent . 
  it requires money to make children in the west , they are a financial penalty , not a financial advantage to a family as they used to be in the agriculture or industrial era . 
  it is similar to how inflation affects everybody but appears to not affect anybody , it 's only obvious over long periods . 
  there are financial incentives in my country and germany for the people in the welfare class to have more children , which is why they do . 
  tldr ; there will be fewer germans and more muslims with the current state of affairs . 
  they are competing for the same state resources after all , the resources are n't a fixed sum but they do have limits . 
   no she wanted to imitate angela merkel . 
    https://qzprod.files.wordpress.com/2016/12/rtsuvwh-e1481040122152.jpg?quality=80&amp;strip=all&amp;w=3500 well that was mildly terrifying . 
  precisely how long have europeans countries had democracy ? 
  fascists before that ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i had some of my people in the concentration camps . 
   nothing is more anti-european and anti-western than supporting an oppressive ideology that wants to take away our democratic systems and our human rights . 
  you 're a threat to our democracy and principles that we spilled so much unnecessary sweat , tears and blood for . 
  being european or western is not equal to democracy/human rights . 
  you 've supped on propaganda too long . 
  just how long do you think we 've had democracy/human rights ? 
  not very long . 
  indeed `` human rights '' is a phrase only half a century old , it is a specific list of rights the newly formed un came up with , it certainly does n't cover everything and besides the requirements are contradictory . 
  were your great-grandparents part of an oppressive ideology ? 
  most of europe 's economic success occurred under constitutional monarchies . 
  here , you are the extremist and you do n't even know it . 
   between a third and half of germans view israel as the moral equivalent of nazi germany . 
  that 's crazy . 
  what is the source ? 
   germany is our house , if you do n't like the rules of this house , leave it . 
  then why do you have any muslims apart from marginal groups like the ahmadi ? 
  free market of ideas ! = democratic . 
  this was never the claim . 
  look up the percent of muslims in france .
