  england 's population doubling in a 100 year period is nothing . 
  and when your growth rates are that extraordinary it 's less important . 
  iirc south africa had an 8 fold increase in population in half that time . 
  mostly without the economic growth . 
  much like venezuela , if there is no commodity boom , it is game over . 
  you can spend gdp on population growth or in increasing gdp . 
  i think africa is doing the former and that this path leads to a die off as it did for my country in the 1800s . 
  i am not unsympathetic , but i think it is a ` natural disaster ' in the making that the media are making light out of or just not wanting to mention because it leads to politically incorrect discussion topics . 
  here is what would make me happier : african countries trading with each other . 
  organic growth ( not government or ngo related ) in businesses . 
  land reforms throughout the continent . 
  these would be signs of sustainable and genuine growth . 
  as i said , most economic growth in africa is fake . 
  i know most people do n't want to hear that . 
  it is a fact . 
  almost every stock exchange in africa contains a variety of companies which are just fronts for the same organizations . 
  the truth is that our economic system has dramatically reduced the costs required for survival . 
  this enables insane situations to prevail for long periods because they can . 
  i 'm not sure i can express this adequately but hope you understand the point . 
  it is possible to have 40 , 60 million people existing in a state of abject poverty without any integration into an economy , for decades , trapped by small groups of violent psychopaths who use their plight to procure money . 
  in no sense is that a real economy as you and i know it . 
  it 's not even at the level of a feudal system . 
  nearly all the economic statistics you hear about africa are lies of omission . 
  the population has exploded , which increases gdp as if by a law of nature , but per capita wealth is getting worse . 
  the truth is that african economies would have to be growing even faster than the chinese did just to break even . 
  this ends badly . 
  egypt is already at 100 milion people , and they do n't have an economy , they have a canal . 
  it is typical of a westerner to look at things like mobile telephony networks and go `` wow !, 
  such growth !, 
  '' , not realizing that a chicken costs as much in east africa as their local tesco . 
  think about that . 
  it 's mind blowing . 
  the majority of the growth ( in humans ) is such no education system can keep up . 
  50 % of the population is under the age of 15 . 
  these countries were richer 50 years ago . 
  i realized the other day . 
  men are heavily discriminated against in the pension system . 
  they live shorter lives but pay more into the system . 
  it makes sense for males and females to have two different ` pension ages ' . 
   it 's hard to accept and understand the idea that someone could be of sound mind and still buy into paranoid conspiracy theories and primitive us-versus-them kill-them-all ideologies . 
  i feel like you might be sliding into the same trap as the one you just described , possibly creating dichotomies where none exist . 
  brevik predicted the migrant crisis , before it happened . 
  that ... is disturbing but true . 
  he wrote extensively on why and how it would happen . 
  that 's why i do n't consider him a lunatic , if still amoral , because a crazy person is n't supposed to get it right . 
  this may not be as crazy as it sounds to most people 's ears . 
  the iranian peoples are n't arabs , i think they 're from the same genetic stock as white europeans . 
  it is also common for iranians to see other middle easterners as the outgroup . 
   you could argue that you need to have a vulnerable psyche to fall for it in the first place i would argue that islam deliberately creates ( as a network , the individuals may not be aware ) the conditions for which this is true . 
  so every time it may look like extenuating circumstance exist , but on a different level the extenuating circumstances would n't have existed if islam did n't . 
  i think that 's what makes this a complex multi-faceted problem . 
  i do n't think the solution is complex though , it does n't have to be . 
  worse , it is transmittable . 
  did n't they try to make brevik mentally ill also ? 
  i think a large number of people do n't want to consider the possibility of being murderous and rational , it interferes with their civilized mental model . 
  it 's fucking vox , like quartz it 's the lazy man 's feelgood primer on how to have the right opinions when you paid no attention in history , geography or science class . 
  never question why they say one thing and not another . 
  it is like those tv dinners . 
  the picture on the front looks fantastic but the product itself is of low quality . 
  looks like the colonies are getting uppity again . 
  time to roll out our trained emu army . 
  the great emu war ii . 
  all your barbies and swimming knives belong to us . 
  in the future men had great haircuts . 
  i do n't know what happened :-(, 
  everybody in the past was awesome . 
  even the evil ones like vlad the impaler . 
  at least he stood for something , not like politicians now , constantly flip flopping like one of vlad 's victims . 
  we do n't even make declarations of war anymore . 
  all the dramatic potential swept down the drain . 
  there is a huge gulf between passively receiving information and actively engaging with other minds , potentially coming across new ideas and topics . 
  i should say just because you are online does n't imply you 'll do this . 
  it 's still a huge leap for society in aggregate though , even if only 10 % of the people actively engage with other minds through it . 
  do you understand that half the population of africa is under the age of 15 ? 
  that 's worth thinking about for at least 60 seconds . 
  it 'd be a genuine social revolution if everybody threw away all their televisions and stopped listening to the radio the way the irish do . 
  they 're filling your mind with shit . 
  ca n't be polite about it . 
  my ` agenda ' is simple : darwin 's observations on human evolution were a heresy two hundred years ago , and they * still are * . 
  if we want to stop violent crime traveling over borders it is conceptually simple to do so . 
  there exists groups of genes associated with violent behaviour , including the so called ` warrior gene ' . 
  people with that gene should either receive a closer examination of their paperwork , or they should receive a penalty that would likely prohibit them from moving here . 
  in some cases genes and behaviour are very tightly connected , it is just that public policy is skittish about using the information . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpmqkytofsk i suspect rick has similar sentiments about the ecb . 
  would you like to buy some real fake doors ? 
  putting money into these kinds of assets is not about making money , it is about perseveration of assets . 
  if you wait long enough , you get to defeat inflation . 
  if you ca n't wait , you can always spread your money across several of these kinds of things for an average , there are also all kinds of financial products that do the same thing . 
  or you can lose 3-4 % per year forever . 
  i should say that that target is quite low and if you can afford to , people should put their money into productive places instead . 
  i do n't necessarily mean the stock market ( way overpriced ) . 
  it is normal to be able to put money into your own business ( assuming it is a real business with real existing income and not a speculation ) and make back much more . 
  i saw a nice trick the other day . 
  you can buy a thing ( that totally sounds like a scam , but is n't ) called a heat recovery drain , some brands are gfx and powerpipe . 
  this enables you to save about 25 % -50 % of your hot water use and your water heating equipment lasts longer . 
  it has no moving parts and lasts forever . 
  i calculate that the payback period is 1-3 years , which is fucking amazing , you 'd never get such returns from the stock market . 
  it is a small example of making money work , but i like it . 
  if i were a landlord i 'd include utilities with the rent and then recoup the profit on that each year forever . 
  had you saved your savings in gold over any significant time period you 'd be doing a whole lot better than having your money in a bank account .
