  it is not about violence or terrorism though , it is about the fact that we live here and ought to live here , other people * do not have that right * . 
  my ancestors were here 1500 years , fuck ten years . 
  minorities should remain just that . 
  the natives of the country should be the majority or we 'll have conflict and instability . 
  america has only managed to assimilate their european migrants , not the rest , who have not assimilated in several centuries . 
  humans are highly predatory and territorial creatures and that is not about to change through a ` change of heart ' . 
  feelings do not last . 
  prosperity does n't last . 
  culture and genetics last . 
  go to paris , walk around and tell me you want that . 
  i do not . 
  it is disgusting and shortsighted . 
  we 're not all french taxpayers besides which we all know most french to have highly questionable economic notions . 
  you would if you could . 
  you 're doing great , but you should delete `` gay '' and `` islamist '' to simplify terms since they are 1 and -1 , they cancel out . 
  fair trials are for citizens , citizen . 
  was n't bhutan ( happiest nation on earth ) an absolute monarchy ? 
  may have changed recently . 
  it 's important to note that without monarchy you lose all kinds of dramatic language , offices like `` ministry of war '' and titles like `` mega duke '' . 
  the alt-right did not exist at that time . 
  it is perfectly possible that a member of the alt-right could engage in political violence . 
  i am merely stating the fact is that as of yet , they have not . 
  there 's an almost infinite number of organizations in society that could perpetuate violence but do n't . 
  neoreaction did exist at the time ( alt-right 's predecessor ) but i did n't read of abb mentioning it . 
  there are many organizations or movements that the left conflate with the alt-right because they ~ ~ think ~ ~ feel it looks vaguely familiar . 
  they are extraordinary incorrect and if it took national review and the new york times over 10 years to get a genuine shot of insight on what 's happening , it could well take them much longer than that . 
  this is because alt-right is not a modern movement . 
  this is something that a lot of people do not understand . 
  it is something precambrian with a tentacle on the internet . 
  fascism is * ahead * of the alt-right . 
  i do n't mean the alt-right is going to become fascist , although that would be one failure mode . 
  i mean the distance between the fascists and the liberals and the communists is tiny in comparison to those three and neoreactionary philosophy . 
  the intellectual roots of a movement are important for understanding its policy . 
  the alt-right is ultimately in thrall to neoreaction and that would not implement fascist reforms because * that would be too demotic * . 
  they do n't think so of course , but it 's like how mao had nothing to do with marx . 
  some thoughts , once processed , can not be unthought , they change your conception of reality permanently . 
  just as importantly ; in order to advance their thought they have to follow in yarvin , land 's footsteps . 
  it 's like how the owner of a house tweaks the couch to match the carpet and it cascades , eventually the entire house becomes unrecognizable . 
  antifa do not understand anything and they will be destroyed by people like macron if they act up , i feel sorry for them because most of them mean well ( the gut instinct is basically correct ) while they misdirect their energies but they 're likely to be crushed by the people they think are allies , not to mention the ` final boss ' , the state does not like uppity young people who look like mimetic competition . 
  i could never do that with my teeth . 
  the beaver persons are coming !, 
  i am not arguing for the naturalistic fallacy , i am saying it is a fact of life . 
  people choose family over neighbours , people in their network over people who are not in their network . 
  it 's a big bit of why human society is hierarchical . 
  these sorts of behaviors do gradually change over very long periods of time , hundreds or thousands of years . 
   what can we do when ( ( ( soros ) ) ) is paying so well ? 
  and also , ( ( ( we ) ) ) imported them not for the class conflict , but to turn the frogs gay , fyi . 
  i do n't hate jews just because i 'm on the far right , there are plenty of right wing jews who share my exact sentiments . 
  i do n't even particularly hate the far left , it 's more nuanced than that . 
  smile . 
  smile . 
  no comment . 
  the alt-right have not attacked or killed a single person . 
  the other groups you mention are at least responsible for dozens to hundreds of deaths . 
  this is the mood affiliation that worries people . 
  the `` liberals get the bullet too '' mentality . 
  was recently startled to find washington and washington dc are not only not close to each other but are on opposite sides of the country . 
  it 's more complicated than the box on the wall tells you . 
  in the south blacks and whites interact more and as a result outcomes positive and negative are more likely . 
  it is in the north the real segregation is . 
  it is also about political ideals . 
  politically europeans are in favour of ` opt in ' . 
  infants ca n't opt in to anything because they have no autonomy . 
  strictly interpreted christianity , islam and judaism do n't have much in common with the modern european thinking because all three of them act as if society should be run by prescription . 
  well , i do n't agree with social policy to have large amounts of migrants in the first place . 
  that put aside for a moment . 
  i would agree with that change to the applications . 
  i think integration may have little to do with the actions of individuals . 
  there may be bigger fish to fry . 
  tribal fish . 
   germans are not born as efficient workers , contrary to popular belief . 
  they are as human as turks , italians and serbs for example . 
  do n't agree . 
  the popular belief is correct , but not naively . 
  intrinsic differences are far from obvious because they are very similar to infrastructure . 
  we do n't notice them until beset by other groups with large differences . 
  i have frequently found people believe things like this , but that on investigation something else is found . 
  it is like how a lot of families believe themselves somewhat dysfunctional but do n't see the big picture e.g. 
  other much worse failure modes . 
  this happens when you 're surrounded by people like yourself . 
  you perceive differences in a narrow way . 
  then you extrapolate outwards to all of humanity . 
  it is normal , human and wrong . 
  if you 've ever been to a university you will have had this experience if the university was any good . 
  once you 're surrounded by people of above average iq , you can have conversations you can not have elsewhere . 
  some kinds of ideas only work with certain groups . 
  nearly all libertarians are white males for instance . 
  germans as individuals may be similar to other individuals of other nationalities . 
  as a * collective * they are ** not ** . 
  they interact in ways which lead to different outcomes . 
  and your ` poor german ' might look like a superstar in a different country . 
  it is really important to grok this point or nothing will make sense . 
  the world will be full of frustration at inequity . 
  that can be so only if you have the wrong model for what is happening . 
  have you ever wondered why the efforts of well meaning humanitarians keep on failing over and over again ? 
  maybe they have the wrong model , eh ? 
  migrants have always been ` discriminated ' against because of kin selection , it is the most natural thing in the world . 
  the irish , the italians , none of these groups recieved a warm welcome to the us . 
  what is actually causing a political problem is people claiming it should be otherwise , giving groups a chip on their shoulder which may disable them for generations . 
  you 're doing this deliberately , it 's not altruism that causes people to worry about discrimination , it is self interest .
