  that does not imply for a moment that genetic ancestry does not matter . 
  the controversy today is never over `` culture '' or `` environment '' , the most right leaning person agrees they are a factor . 
  it is the liberals and the left today who hold the majority of misconceptions about the biology , genetic ancestry . 
  i found this fascinating : http://nautil.us/issue/48/chaos/what-both-the-left-and-right-get-wrong-about-race it often appears to me that liberals agree that biology exists as a formality only , every specific example of how genetics affects the human being or society directly is to be given short shrift outside of medical science . 
  `` it 's not important '' they say , ignoring ample evidence to the contrary . 
  i interpret that as `` it 's a contradiction in my world view therefore i will compartmentalize it '' . 
  this consensus is gradually killing us because the chinese are making major advances , leaving the west in the dust . 
  our society has chosen to turn its back on the science for very similar reasons to that which caused christians consternation over darwinian evolution . 
  i did n't actually mention race in my comment . 
  you did . 
  i would agree that simply dividing humans into white/black/asian does n't make sense . 
  * that does not mean that genetic ancestry does not matter * . 
  the truth about genetic ancestry and humans is subtle and nuanced , but ** real ** . 
  it is not some pie in the sky garbage accompanied by handwaving . 
  http://nautil.us/issue/48/chaos/what-both-the-left-and-right-get-wrong-about-race sample quote : `` overall genetic variation tells us less than specific differences that matter . 
  imagine a group of humans that had a mutation in the foxp2 gene -- often called the language gene -- such that this transcription factor ( a gene that helps stimulate the expression of select other genes ) was nonfunctional . 
  these humans would lack the ability to communicate through language . 
  in fact , this gene 's significance was first discovered through the study of an english family in which half the members across three generations suffered from severe developmental verbal dyspraxia -- they could not communicate orally . 
  this family could be 99.9999 percent genetically identical to their neighbors , but what a huge difference that 0.00001 percent makes . 
  this criticality of particular genetic differences , as opposed to global similarity , is not unique to humans . 
  through genetic manipulation of just four genes , scientists in the lab have been able to turn a mustard weed into a woody tree . '', 
  the whole article is worth reading . 
  i firmly believe that the mainstream interpretation of genetics ( which is mostly influenced by left or liberal sources , it 's not as if amren has a widely watched tv channel ) is about on par with lysenkoism and is just as dangerous if not more so . 
  the opportunity costs by this malformed set of ideas have conservatively led to the deaths of millions and a cost of trillions in manufacturing . 
  people in the west are only going to wake up to noticing something is wrong when the chinese do a sputnik moment on us , because their program is far more advanced and far larger ( at least hundreds of times , it 's industrial ) than that of the west . 
  do you think we would have noticed , if the internet did n't exist ? 
  i think you hit the nail on the head . 
  purity spirals are dangerous . 
  the iranians are from the same ( distant ) stock as the europeans and are quite a bit westernized , especially considering the filters they would have come through before reaching sweden . 
  i believe most chileans are of european ancestry also . 
  that puts this list into an interesting context in my view . 
  in the past syria and lebanon would have been thought of as ` western ' also , it would be interesting to look at the demographic changes in those countries before conflict broke out . 
  i note that the turks will tell you that there are two types of turk , a kind of european turk and another one , and that the second has been outbreeding the first for a while . 
  maybe that is connected to turkey going down the tubes lately . 
  this could be wrong but it is a hypothesis that need to be intelligently and openly addressed by the liberal faction . 
  reproduction , as the inverse of death , is an important topic for understanding human cultures but it has become difficult to talk about this in the way we would be if we were talking of non-human species . 
  it is not fascism to state that humans are animals , it is factism . 
  darwin did n't get into trouble for saying that evolution was real . 
  he got into hot water for saying * humans were part of the process * ( and created great value by ascertaining the cause of it ) . 
  edit : my gentle downvoters , the sort of people who look at one group which is monogamous and another which is polygamous and think `` nah , nothing to do with biology '' . 
  it is not about the process matte , it is about the type and volume of people . 
  had you imported 1 million irish people you 'd have some issues but nothing like groups grasping after violent conflict . 
  everybody loves perry . 
  the more countries the better , and also a high king situated at the cork capital . 
  i shall procure a fencing company to help everybody out during this difficult time . 
  there is little doubt dubliners are a separate species , maybe more than one , it is like distinct 9 up there . 
  do you read the works of bram stoker with sympathy for the antagonist ? 
  this is a very interesting statement . 
   the taliban were ( are ) deplorable extremist wastes of humanity on the level of nazis who supported the al-quaeda who committed an act of war against the us , here you are justifying war on the basis of a second order affect . 
  by implication we should invade saudi arabia , iran , north korea , pakistan and so on . 
  in this view it is immoral to leave these societies to their own devices . 
   while iraq was attacked because bush and his friends wanted more power . 
  i do n't think you 're being morally consistent . 
  actually you 've just used a motte and bailey argument . 
  blair never stopped using the language of morality . 
  the altright believe a network of crypto-theocrats has taken over western institutions without most people realizing because they agree with similar principals without realizing the implications of the same . 
  the nature of progressive ideals e.g. 
  human rights leads directly to war , i could endlessly justify conflict in this way . 
  the trouble is that this world view also finds cleaning up the mess it made repugnant because it labels this colonization or more recently ` cultural appropriation ' . 
  it is the celtic red who really gets toasted . 
  i hope nobody is about to fight to the death for the nhs , although i know from experience of working in the hse that medical care professionals have a distinct tendency to be quite radical !, 
  medical culture is a peculiar little tribe . 
  the northern irish have a fucked up government which absorbs nearly all the gdp they produce . 
  that 's a black hole in any budget and it 's going nowhere until they seriously understand there are problems other than latent sectarianism to worry about . 
  i think a lot of their political problems are distractions from a deeply seated economic anxiety . 
  i think genetically the northern irish ( before the plantations ) have been different to us in the south for a very long time . 
  the scots-irish were a different breed , always fighting . 
  you only need to read accounts of ulster in the old books to realize it . 
  to me it makes more sense that they become an independent state . 
  the alternative is that they become a permanently unstable appendage to ireland , just as they are right now to the uk . 
  it is better that they have their own political path , they ca n't live with mom and dad forever . 
  while we 're on the subject italy should formalize the fact they are two different countries . 
  that 's before we get down to the real problem : their atrocious accents . 
  between the dublin accent and the ni one it 's like the tower of babel . 
  if you examine the broad sweep of events in the past few centuries you 'll see that today 's right wing was yesterday 's left wing . 
  it is true for nearly all policy economic and social . 
  unless you think we have the good fortune to be permanently moving in the correct direction then something is up . 
  that is the reason why the much maligned altright exists and why the rightists hate it so much . 
  a critical flaw is being pointed out in libertarianism and conservatism and neither of them like it very much . 
  come on trolleybus , if sweden can exist ... on a different topic , people are using the word ` altright ' too liberally . 
  it looks like it has become a synonym for right wing but this can not be so because the altright does not believe that demotic rule is sufficient for political authority . 
  this one difference means they are on a different evolutionary path to both democrats and nationalists because both of them believe in the ` will of the people ' , or that the majority is the same as the nation . 
   centrist and liberal i think actually you 're both right . 
  the center is responsible for huge quantities of political violence but it has managed to convince the population that the ` extremists ' are the real problem . 
  it is possible for centrist and liberal ideas to lead to political violence iraq and afganistan were not invaded by leftists or rightists , both of which have a rationale which goes against that . 
  it was the centrist who gave you that mess . 
  g. bush is center right , blair was center left . 
  more similar than different . 
  the newspapers , the box on the wall , the people who produce those information streams originally agreed with the rationale of bush and blair and have retroactively insinuated they were against the wars , where blair was mentally ill and bush was some kind of right wing extremist , but this is not true . 
  one of the real enemies of the west is western orthodoxy . 
  edit : loving this downvoting . 
  in the not very likely event a left wing or right wing policy perspective was being applied to an invasion , then the results would look very different to what we see today . 
  this is because the left and right are internally consistent networks of ideology . 
  what we actually see today is political schizophrenia in the west because of democracy alternating between left and right policy which makes the countries of the uk and usa likely to export violence with either drones , arms or armies . 
  this is an accidental by-product of our system , it has not been designed by a rational person , it 's a side affect of being very powerful and using democracy , media mood affiliation to affect policy . 
  even the most evil westerner imaginable would n't actually do the things we have done because what we have been doing makes literally no sense . 
  governance in the west is a complete fucking diaster . 
  i 'm not even sure the deep state taking over the apparatus entirely would n't be an improvement . 
  i do not want more migration in ireland , there are already huge problems in a short span of time . 
  remember this has occurred only in ten years , formerly we were close to 100 % irish or english/scot .
