  if there were such an event , then it is possible that might resolve some issues . 
  it 's very risky of course . 
  if you could find some actual african-americans - you should ask them their opinion on that matter . 
  i continue to believe that slavery is a scapegoat for maladaptiveness . 
  it 's about making and finding niches . 
   i know irish were often subject to ` racial ' prejudice but white americans and black americans are of visibly different ethnicity 's , not the same with irish and british . 
  what about the japanese/chinese in america then ? 
  discriminated against , yes . 
  obviously non-white , visibly different . 
  today they are richer than the average white person . 
  maybe , just maybe , income and wealth disparities have nothing to do with prejudice . 
  the jews were siloed off from mainstream society in europe/america for literally centuries , and if they could n't find work due to extreme discrimination , guess what , they worked for each other . 
  similar story for the chinese communities throughout asia . 
  these communities tend to be wealthier , not poorer . 
  what is it they say ? 
  compare and contrast ? 
  it is the most elementary stage of exploration and yet the mainstream narrative does n't hold up well when you do it . 
  that is why it depends mostly on bluster , endless repetition of ` the truths ' and name calling , it does n't have genuine arguments anymore . 
  the question does n't make sense on some levels and makes sense on others . 
  it 's fine intellectually , but it is not a geographical place . 
  i feel like an ` internet citizen ' but it 's not a place either . 
  the eu itself controls no territory so there 's nowhere to go . 
  it issues no passport . 
  countries within the eu of course , have lands . 
  if you want to feel very european you could always buy a train ticket and visit all the countries once a year . 
  is this one of those ` if a tree falls in a forest , but nobody hears it ... '' things ? 
  this is probably a huge breakthrough for the islamic metaphysics institute . 
  it is true that modern liberals are different to the old liberals . 
  i would n't call it an improvement . 
  no darwins or newtons are likely to come out of the impoverishment that passes for liberalism today . 
  they have weak , easily broken minds and poor mental models . 
  muh feelings , muh brain injuries . 
  the nearest thing to the old enlightenment spirit is the work of the silicon valley philosophers , less wrong , ssc and peter thiel . 
  they are genuine liberals who remain true to the motto of the royal society . 
  and guess what . 
  they 're actually going somewhere . 
  i can make concrete predictions based on my model . 
  if they are wrong , then my model is wrong and i lose nothing . 
  in fact i would like nothing more than to be wrong . 
  if i am right however we 're running a very dangerous uncontrolled experiment due to naivety . 
  the historical circumstances have close to nothing to do with why america still has ethnic tensions . 
  that comes from a place much deeper and different than what is relatively recent history . 
  you shall notice this by looking at counter examples . 
  like the chinese , japanese and jews and irish in america . 
  of all these groups , the african-americans are the least integrated into american society . 
  i do n't think anybody disputes that . 
  some claim they were the most persecuted . 
  okay , let 's roll with that . 
  the trouble with that assumption is that there are many instances where people have suffered massive prejudice and even genocide , and still managed to ultimately get along with positive results . 
  if you go along to the data science portion of this website , there is a chart that exists of english , irish , welsh and scottish populations going back half a millennia . 
  our population was ** literally halved ** by our neighbour due to complex mixture of things that certainly included hate . 
  people literally were eating each other . 
  it 's in our records ( it is only 150 years ago , which is roughly when african-american enslavement * ended * ! ), 
  and in the empty desolate ruined buildings around my house . 
  this area had a much higher population once . 
  today the british and irish get along more or less fine . 
  it is often difficult for outsiders to distinguish between the two of us . 
  so , no . 
  i do not accept that history is the reason why african americans and other americans are at each other 's throats . 
  it does not explain why in the past harlem was better off ( and producing actual culture ) , why more african americans had two parent households and more optimism in the past despite what was likely higher levels of discrimination . 
  in fact the whole idea that discrimination generates poverty is obviously not true . 
  if that were so the jews and chinese would definitely be poorer than they are , when in fact they are on average richer than most other inhabitants of the countries they reside in . 
  if you 're not mindkilled by politics then maybe you 'll see that as a good thing . 
  it points to several possible positive outcomes instead of the current state . 
  if you 're interested in actual solutions - then i 'd suggest the works of thomas sowell , a black intellectual with genuine non-standard answers to this intriguing but controversial subject area . 
  you know , the definition of insanity ? 
  it 's when you keep doing something that is n't working . 
  maybe it 's time for another train of thought . 
  i 've accidentally made what i 'm sure must be alcoholic smoothies before . 
  my smoothie holder expanded due to pressure from gases after a day out with the lid on . 
  i foolishly placed the container into the freezer for half an hour , believing colder temperatures would shrink the container slightly and allow me to open the lid without breaking it . 
  #muhscience suddenly i heard the most enormous bang and rushed into the kitchen . 
  the fridge door was still flapping back and forth and a huge hole showed the exit of my smoothie lid straight through the bottom plastic freezer drawer . 
  then i spent about half an hour fishing out pieces of plastic and orange pulp out of my bookshelf . 
  there was a strong smell of alcohol in the air and the ground fizzed slightly . 
  that was very nice of them , but it 's still kleptomania . 
  the trouble with colonizing countries is that it turns into a habit . 
  we defacto colonized america , but if they all had to come back thanks to trump , then it 'd be standing room only and we do n't have enough chairs ( or tea ) . 
  sounds like a good plan . 
  sadly such a concoction would cost about 10 euros at my local shop , i shall have to hunt further afield . 
  i 'm a real liberal , the kind from 400 years ago . 
  history is a cycle , like a rubber tire that can be squashed and run backwards or forwards . 
  i believe the majority of people are gradually coming to similar conclusions . 
  a lot of what we today think of as ` modernity ' has to be thrown out altogether because it 's actually regressive . 
  consider the following : * the lack of progress in western biotechnology while china hares ahead . 
  * the inability of modern governments to make plans ( whether for good or evil ) and carry them out . 
  the americans have n't managed to ` fix ' a society for a very long time . 
  it 's not just that though , our roads are filling with potholes which you can laugh at but it is a typical sign of systemic trouble ahead . 
  at present day infrastructure costs it would be priced at hundreds of trillions of pounds just to build half of what our ancestors did . 
  * we have n't been back to the moon for half a century . 
  * our children are expected to be poorer than their grandparents . 
  * nuclear energy is a defacto banned technology in most of the west . 
  they do n't even make the university engineering courses anymore . 
  * today 's millennials would be lucky to buy/make / r/tinyhouses . 
  that 's a pretty scaled back ambition , but how many young people could save up 50,000 dollars today ? 
  * the average student is more formally educated but good jobs are nearly an aspirational day dream . 
  * the quality of education , while on that topic , has been in decline for at least 30 years . 
  i can prove this if you 're interested . 
  * it does appear we are unable to control ourselves from swallowing up the product of the oceans and destroying biodiversity on the land . 
  this is a problem , we should be able to solve this if we 're intelligent , but maybe it implies population controls and our society made that another taboo also .
