  i 'm not saying you need to put all your money into either of those , but that a majority of the population has been tricked into thinking a bank account is a safe place over the years . 
  had we our own currency , somehow resilient to inflation , perhaps though a link with a commodity , then our interest rates would be higher but we would n't experience so many economic bubbles and your grandchildren would be able to afford houses without being millionaires . 
  having centrally decided monetary decisions prevents economic experimentation , at least not allowing some states to learn from the mistakes of others . 
  unless you believe humans have figured out all there is to know about economics , then you should be in favour of my policy , otherwise you are tacitly opting for following a masterplan . 
  that put aside , having fiat is troubling because it sends the wrong information about prices to the population . 
  most americans would be unaware that a man in 1968 was making the same wage as a man today . 
  these are things that * should * trouble us . 
  being in control of our currency , neutral diplomatic status , tax rates , inflation , interest rates , these are the kinds of things that are prerequisites for long term development . 
  there are many good things about european/eu institutions , but the economic framework the more powerful members of the eu are striving for will ruin us and take us down with the ship if we are too tightly tethered to it . 
  i will continue to save in swiss francs . 
  my point is that it is not the case that the descendants of the people who walked off the mayflower are doing much better than everybody else . 
  it is true that a large number , probably a majority of inventions known to us today , were invented or innovated by englishmen and scotsmen . 
  however , today , there is a stagnation , and you should look to that . 
  i understand what a median is , i think the uk is slightly higher than ireland on that metric , but you know , if we have more wealth per capita at our smaller scale , that is a good sign for us . 
  we have more native millions per capita than you do , so maybe it 's easier to be successful here . 
  on the foreign company bit , who cares how we make our pot of gold , waggling our hawt tax levels in the air , look at all our rich admirers , it 's a nonstop orgy of debauchery over here . 
  http://imgur.com/a/86nss now that i think about it , we really are fantastic creatures :-), 
  nobody who watches this video can doubt this will change : http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/rent-row-mayhem-as-violent-standoff-erupts-after-home-blaze-35041205.html you can see all you need to know in their body language . 
  sooner or later they 'll be in prison . 
  you should look at the statistics for race and crime on wikipedia for the uk . 
  it is fucking unreal . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_crime_in_the_united_kingdom basically nearly all the violent crime is by what we are now calling the ` new irish ' here . 
  the same thing is happening here , the public is just slowly waking up to it . 
  it makes absolutely no sense economically for different countries to synchronize their inflation , tax and interest rates . 
  edit : downvotes ca n't make 2 +2 = 5 . 
  economists have been warning this about this for decades . 
  it is true that the anglosphere trades a lot with itself though . 
  the irish ( and scots ) are a huge portion of the fortune 500 management . 
  additionally we 're considerably wealthier than you are on a per capita basis . 
  you lot really need to start getting your shit back together , i do n't know what happened but you really stagnated over the past few decades . 
  i 'd like to see the british return to form as it was during the industrial revolution , inventing technology and aiming high , but as it is right now the chinese are building new nuclear plants for you and i do n't think you even teach nuclear engineering in your universities anymore . 
  fuck no . 
  i believe you were attempting to abolish capitalism en route to installing a ubi system ? 
  even if i were a communist , which i am not , that would be a highly impracticable procedure - here 's another ` far-fetched analogy ' for you , it would be like operating on a sickly patient , having decided that the solution is to pump blood to the extremities you then removed all the veins and arteries , because you believe you have a better way . 
  this is malpractice sir . 
  i am perfectly aware that capitalism starts with unequal starting points . 
  the thing is , this is also true of huge number of things . 
  climate , geography , distance to water transport , genetics , education , culture . 
  social network . 
  any one of those things and more could give somebody a huge advantage over another person . 
  trying to address economic issues while pursuing equality is like a traveler who decides in order to make his way passable , the mountains should be thrown into the valleys to rid him of two problems at once . 
  it is wiser to simply adjust your traveling apparatus to the terrain . 
  it just takes far less energy to build roads than to terraform humankind . 
  it worries me that basic income and ubi advocates are ignoring the low gdp numbers and tepid technological growth we have had since the 70s ( relative to previous 40 year periods ) . 
  invariably the advocates have never heard of the technological stagnation hypothesis , but if it is true ( and most of silicon valley 's leaders believe it is ) , then the ability to pay living wages may not be plausible under any kind of arrangement . 
  people have been telling themselves nice stories about society and technology for so long that many of them , especially the young , do n't realize that an age of technology is supposed to mean lower prices and higher wages . 
  apart from computers and the internet there little in the way of revolutionary change for half a century now . 
  there 's this difference between learning from history and constantly ruminating on the past mistakes , especially if it is getting worse over time instead of better . 
  computers have always been very good at executive action , a logical series of steps . 
  recently a breakthrough occurred where ( to use eli5 ) computers can now ` see ' . 
  it is quite profound when you consider what happened in biological evolution when eyes were invented . 
  the majority of intellectual effort is concerned with observation , reaction , observation , reaction . 
  radiologists have no reason to exist now , not in the future , but now . 
  this is the inventor of deep learning explaining : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hmprxstsvq the medical profession will claim otherwise you understand , but they are wrong . 
  people will flock to silicon valley corporations offering these services . 
  deep learning ( and some other technologies ) enable self driving cars to recognize stop signs , children darting across roads etc. 
  it gives computation a flexibility that even gifted computer programming probably could not achieve economically . 
  right now ai has automated the majority of junior legal positions in law firms , esp . 
  on discovery . 
  this means we have huge numbers of unemployed and unemployable graduates , perhaps you have heard . 
  so this is very impressive , but we still ca n't get a robot to perform actions a 4 year old child can perform without apparent difficulty . 
  there is a wall between the intellectual and the physical that has not yet been breached by computer scientists , despite attempts to do so for half a century . 
  so , gardeners , cleaners , carpenters , cooks , these are people with surprisingly safe jobs likely to be earning good wages in the future . 
  if we lived in an age of increased automation for builders for instance , it would not explain why there is increasing demand for their labour while the supply of labour has been decreasing . 
  the middle class struggles with the realization that they 'll have to pay their builders more than they earn per hour , but the day is coming . 
  < politics  this is the dirty little secret on migration ( its relation to automation ) by the way . 
  it is in the self interest of the middle classes to obtain cheaper working class services . 
  you 'll notice many middle class jobs , like lawyers , doctors , put all kinds of barriers to prevent a surplus of new labour in their fields , often literally controlling ( in my country ) the numbers of students entering these fields . 
  imagine if your builder controlled how many people became builders ... 
  so from a blue collar perspective , all this complaint about `` we need universal basic income '' looks highly suspect . 
  this should be an interesting space to watch !, 
  https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2015/04/17/how-a-toronto-professors-research-revolutionized-artificial-intelligence.html the cliff notes : `` once he settled on a phd program in artificial intelligence , an adviser tolerated his fascination with unpopular neural networks . 
  but for hinton , the brain-like systems were `` obviously the only way it could possibly be . '' there could be no intelligence that mimics our own without a neural substructure that does too . 
  in 1986 , hinton , rumelhart and computer scientist ronald j. williams co-authored a paper that showed how a method called `` backpropagation '' could vastly improve the efficiency of neural networks . 
  backpropagation made neural nets substantially better at tasks such as recognizing simple shapes and predicting a third word after seeing two . 
  by the late \u201980s , neural nets seemed poised to transform ai . 
  but the systems faltered when researchers attempted more ambitious tasks . 
  frustrated , the machine learning community turned to rule-based systems that provided better results . 
  by the early 2000s , the number of researchers who specialized in neural networks dwindled to fewer than half a dozen . 
  ask anyone in machine learning what kept neural network research alive and they will probably mention one or all of these three names : geoffrey hinton , fellow canadian yoshua bengio and yann lecun , of facebook and new york university . 
  but in 2004 , hinton asked to lead a new program on neural computation . 
  the mainstream machine learning community could not have been less interested in neural nets . 
  `` it was the worst possible time , '' says bengio , a professor at the universit\u00e9 de montr\u00e9al and co-director of the cifar program since it was renewed last year . 
  `` everyone else was doing something different . 
  somehow , geoff convinced them . '' in 2006 , hinton and a phd student , ruslan salakhutdinov , published two papers that demonstrated how very large neural networks , once too slow to be effective , could work much more quickly than before . 
  the new nets had more layers of computation : they were `` deep , '' hence the method 's rebranding as deep learning . 
  and when researchers began throwing huge data sets at them , and combining them with new and powerful graphics processing units originally built for video games , the systems began beating traditional machine learning systems that had been tweaked for decades . 
  neural nets were back . '', 
   china is already seeing this , when robots are cheaper than human labor , something fundamental has been breached . 
  not really . 
  china 's automation is mostly the old algorithm . 
  we have long been automating human labour in western factories . 
   i understand about 40 % of the jobs are in danger within a generation ... 
  in first world nations . 
  yes . 
  and nearly all of them are white collar jobs . 
   in third world however ? 
  you 're not going to better yourself as a nation when your most valuable assets , your workforce , is worthless . 
  the third world does not have the problem . 
  they can use labour to copy ( if their society allows it ) our basic procedure for industrialization as china did .
