  this definitely does not imply a high migration policy . 
  it implies it should be zero . 
  actually it probably implies we should reduce our populations like japan - there are simply too many people . 
  like everything , population has a supply and demand curve . 
  the evidence is everywhere ( for decades ) that increasing our population wo n't help us . 
  we 're in a new ` timeline ' . 
  tldr ; everything your high school career advisor and university implied to you , is completely wrong . 
  also egypt is very fucked ( pop . 
  100 million , no economy ) . 
   the eu is ignorant to the point that it seems like they rather see the eu fail than accept that they made mistakes . 
  this is a relatively young organization and yet it already appears extraordinarily maladapted . 
  i think a european community is a great idea . 
  i am not impressed by the union . 
  maybe a confederacy would be better . 
  odds are extremely good there will be a terrorist attack very soon . 
  this should be simple to test . 
  a moderately attractive man-whore shall be paid by the chechen for intimate relations . 
  through a one way mirror , scientists shall observe micro emotions as they flit across the face of the jihadist . 
  if he is n't experiencing pleasure , he is automatically swept out of an airlock after being sucked up by a pneumatic tube . 
  yes , this all happens on a space station - it has to be clean and clinical . 
  i do n't know about you guys , but i 'm converting my savings to swiss francs . 
  currently on par with euros . 
  nothing changes . 
  still will be on par . 
  everything changes . 
  salamanders are great , we should keep them . 
  what confuses you is that you think just because one faction of communism wins over a less aggressive form , you imagine one to be true communism and the other to be a subversion . 
  it is identical to how shiites and sunnis killed each other . 
  or catholics and protestants . 
  they 're still muslims and christians.they kill each other because they are competing more directly , not because they are all that different to each other . 
  obviously protestants and catholics see a * huge * difference between each other . 
  to outsiders there is no genuine difference . 
  same with tankies and anarchocommunists . 
  nonsense , our magic was better than their magic . 
  i hope plenty of lovecraft fans are in attendance !, 
  it 's really not the fault of the conservatives that labour put a panda with a hangover in charge . 
  pandas are notorious for being chinese nationalists , so the selection of the next leader being a anti-trident neo-marxist can hardly be surprising . 
  excuse me . 
  the uk is a * teaocracy * . 
  it 's all coordinated by that creepy monkey you sometimes see on the moving picture box . 
  if you think about it , this should explain a few things . 
  we have to leave those chickens alone . 
  i think you win an award for the shortest short story :-), 
  the problem is that chechnya is a political landmine , it is not desirable to make a new civil war over moral qualms . 
  i 'm sure you saw the train bombing the other day in st petersburg . 
  muscovites are risking a lot of that happening if large numbers of people in chechnya believe their moral agency is being interfered with . 
  it is hard , likely impossible for me to see people who believe in islam as european . 
  they even start to look ` browner ' to me . 
  i think , if a majority of turks did n't believe in islam , i would come to see them as eastern spaniards . 
  it 's this strange and fascinating part of human psychology . 
  even the natives who convert to islam in england/ireland , i find it hard to see them as being natives . 
  it is something at a very deep level in human nature , like how children begin to realize there are two ` types ' of them , and their playmates resolve into the kinds boy and girl whereas previously these distinctions were not noticeable . 
  ironically , there is also a period for children at which girl/boy are okay but the other is terrible !, 
  it is difficult to explain : but i think ideology really is deeply linked to geography in some way . 
  we often think of ideas as being ` switchable ' but with certain ideas , like religious ones , i do n't think that is the case . 
  all religions ( i am not religious , so that has no bearing on what i say ) are ethnic religions . 
  secularists have a habit of conflating this issue for their own reasons ( many of them tilt left ) but the evidence is pretty stark . 
  the japanese borrowed much from the english ( pocket doors were originally victorian ! ), 
  but there was never any point at which christianity overtook shinto . 
  it is 2 % population despite massive influence of our technology and culture upon them . 
  it is the same rate as homosexuality , and therefore classifiable as an aberration from the norm . 
  shinto is deeply embedded into their way of life . 
  removing it would be like removing the people themselves , even the ones who do n't buy it . 
  agnostics and atheists in our part of the world , they will say ( if they think of these things ) as dawkins did , that they are some ` christian ' kind of atheist/agnostic . 
  this is a long way of saying , i think there will be a great deal of trouble between us , and for that i am sorry , but i do not see a way of it being avoidable . 
  i notice ( of the ones i have talked to ) young turks who are pro-secular do not appear to understand the rightist , non-liberal vein of thinking in the west . 
  in fact , they label it ` fascism ' more often than not . 
  this is a major problem because they are only seeing a half ( if that ) of the story . 
  democracy for instance , is a much newer concept in the west than its peoples are led to believe . 
  for a majority of their progress in the world , westerners were under constitutional monarchies . 
  this troubles me , because i believe without an understanding of the full picture , i believe the secularists are doomed to failure within turkey , they do n't truly grok what is going on because they 're fighting the wrong battles , that is why they have lost so much ground so quickly . 
  without a rightist and non-islamic faction in turkey , the secularists can not plausibly win ground , it 's like fighting with one arm tied behind your back . 
  of course since the secularists are largely liberal , they do not like to hear this . 
  nearly needless to say , i suspect ataturk truly understood all of this but his ` grandchildren ' do not . 
  i do n't like that reasoning either . 
  sending untrained men into battle is an elaborate way of executing them . 
  the odds would be something like 100-1 against them . 
  very few men can fight against experienced killers . 
  does n't seem fair . 
  besides , it is already the case that 1/3 of the young men of the alawite faction are dead . 
  i think the best policy is to discriminate based on ideology and actions . 
  this means many women and teenagers would be seen as culprits for supporting isis/rebels . 
  look , i 'll square with you . 
  because this is n't about one thing . 
  i believe you and many others in our country are the victim of a systemic propaganda campaign that causes you to see only one side of a multi-faceted issue , but also on a huge number of other topics . 
  nearly every information source i know of that our people consume is tilted in one direction , an enormous clusterfuck of confirmation bias . 
  when you see people having a political debate in our country , it is like watching catholics debating protestants . 
  sure they 're different , but it 's negligible in comparison to the range of possible religious opinions . 
  remember , if you can not explain an oppositional argument , or do n't even know what it is , then that is highly suspect . 
  i can explain the liberal argument for black poverty . 
  can you offer up explanations that are not liberal ? 
  i can think of at least three that offer explanatory power and the ability to make concrete , falsifiable predictions . 
  what is * your * argument ? 
   yes , in 2017 britain and ireland get along fine , but that does n't exactly give justice to the troubles and the still difficult political situation in northern ireland . 
  also , comparing african americans integration with mainstream american society to britain and ireland does n't quite equate . 
  oh you 're right , but that 's the thing ... ni conflict , and the easter rising and civil war before it , these are true political reactions i.e. 
  our conflict * was worse * , not better . 
  there has never been a serious african-american political rejection of the united states of america . 
  just festering discontent , with the exception of those occurrences where enemies of the united states have attempted to use such feeling for their ulterior motives . 
  there was once a plan to make an african-american city ( a peaceful exit ) , but it failed .
