  yes , we like to rib them . 
  source : ribber . 
  well , we certainly do n't see reality the same way . 
  it 's an interesting backstory not many people have heard about . 
  it 's kind of scary actually . 
  europe should create a society for the appreciation and preservation of lithuanians . 
  i 'm 90 % sure the lord of the rings was based on the peoples of scotland/wales/england / ireland . 
  no word on who is elf/hobbit/dwarf / orc though . 
  we were on opposite sides of that war . 
  we should meet tomorrow morning . 
  pistols at dawn !, 
  ha ha !, 
  love ` perfidious albion ! ', 
  not sure i want northern ireland . 
  maybe we can keep it if and only if they stay over there with their annoying accents . 
  last time i heard it i nearly throttled myself to gain the sweet sleep of unconsciousness . 
  also you 're right about the italians . 
  i have a little story about that . 
  so i was falling asleep on a bus to london . 
  a heap of italians got on . 
  most of them continued standing up in the isle , talking to their friends , pushing their boobs and butts into every sitting person 's face with their italian swagger swag . 
  they waved phones and somehow , perfume . 
  i felt intrigued as any amateur anthropologist would `` who are these new animals ? 
  '' , but english faces were becoming slightly strained . 
  anyway the bus stopped . 
  the italians asked in broken english if it was the right stop . 
  they all got off . 
  soon they came running , but it was too late . 
  the bus driver stared in the middle distance and smoothly accelerated away . 
  technicalities . 
  what is the ec council but ` greater germania ' . 
  germany is smearing a shit around like a misguided roomba in a pathetic attempt to get rid of it . 
  is that why the eu was threatening to fine other nations for not accepting them ? 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36202490 `` the european commission has proposed reforms to eu asylum rules that would see stiff financial penalties imposed on countries refusing to take their share of asylum seekers . 
  the bloc 's executive body is planning a sanction of $ 250,000 ( # 200,000 ; $ 290,000 ) per person . '', 
  hello japanese masterrace !, 
  we love your toilets . 
  i want to know if there 's a scheme to coordinate a fridge with a toilet so a person 's health/lifestyle could be analyzed ? 
  inputs and outputs as it were . 
   rocket doctors my sides !, 
  somebody needs to start making comedies about this . 
  some people say there are no right wing comedians . 
  well , it is not for a lack of material . 
  what a load of fucking shit . 
   peaceful salafis do exist but it is not that because of their ideology per se but because they feel the time is n't right in germany over 50 % of them were fighting for isis . 
  my friend in hildesheim was just chilling , when suddenly the several hundred police appeared out of nowhere and arrested the entire occupancy of a building a few streets over . 
  there is a silent but deadly war happening in europe under most people 's noses . 
  it is like asking a question in a large classroom . 
  if you had a question , then probably 10 other people had the same one but did n't raise their hand . 
  i think that fear of the unknown is very primal and that is what is primarily what is holding back the european project . 
  i think we could work together better under confederation than union . 
  it is astonishing how such a young organization ossified this quickly - that does n't bode well for evolutionary improvement and so it is time for a forest fire . 
  agreed !, 
  it seems like an old disease to point at external problems but all states do it . 
  if governments only solved problems in the correct order/priority , that would be a huge leap forward !, 
  yeah , saw that . 
  i expect more though . 
  this is because it ties in nicely with the egomaniacal islamist ideas about ` changing the world ' . 
  screwing the european project would make them feel like they 're being productive towards their apocalyptical ends . 
  they have a creepy magazine explaining how they will lose in syria and then the end will come . 
  lots of intelligence and police working around the clock right now i 'll bet . 
  is that a bacon reference ? 
  i am not saying i think the probability is 100 % but really any double digit probability is way too high to have your money resting in euros right now . 
  after all : the alternative is that nothing happens . 
  nobody expects the euro to dramatically gain in value any time soon . 
  if nothing happens i 'm fine . 
  if something happens , i 'm screwed . 
  it is the classic : ` big if true ' situation . 
  i suspect the main threat is a panic , leading to a contagion . 
  we have millions of complacent people who could suddenly get the jitters if the currency took a moderate swing . 
  as you 've suggested , there 's a lot of knock-on effects that would be domino like . 
  this would n't be the first time the french screwed around with their currency and then everything went tits up . 
  the last time was epic . 
  tldr ; this is like hedging against a black swan event . 
  i 've seen or felt several ` signs ' that impressed me enough to move my cash into swiss francs this evening . 
  when you have a move from the ` far left ' , it can often make the ` far right ' more likely to win . 
  i do n't think europe is moving 100 % of the right . 
  it 's simply moving to the extremes and away from the center , and this makes a national front victory more likely . 
  le pen gave a speech recently , and i felt very strongly she is already ` the chief ' as it were . 
  she has the right stuff . 
  i suspect that feeling will be shared silently with a large number of others . 
  you do n't need to like her . 
  people with charisma tend to win . 
  the polling , if wrong , tends to be wrong on the right . 
  french , i think , are the most pessimistic on the european project . 
  that seems to be discounted a bit for no real reason . 
  that has to manifest at some point . 
  a single terrorist attack could happen soon , and change everything for only one direction . 
  past attacks have hurt france , and i think this is the first time they have an opportunity to show it ? 
  i might be wrong on this one . 
  surprising number of leftists in france i know have taken a liking to national front . 
  this is just anecdotal , but i have n't heard the opposite happening . 
  i suspect also a number of elites feel a le pen victory could do some dirty work for them that they do n't want to have to be shown doing themselves . 
  all this could be very wrong , but those are my thoughts . 
  we blew the budget on the space station , guess i 'll have to draft a `` we regret to inform you '' for the relatives . 
  did a comp sci degree . 
  my opinion is this . 
  moravec 's paradox implies that all information-centric jobs will be automated first . 
  robotics ( self driving cars are pretty straight forward ) is extremely difficult * in comparsion * and likely will be much slower to automate manual labour jobs . 
  basically the industrial revolution already automated most of blue collar labour , and now it is white collar labour 's turn to be automated .
