  park of korea . 
  the majority of growth in britain was under a constitutional monarchy . 
  japan might as well be a one party state , power has only changed hands once ( briefly ! ), 
  since wwii . 
  these are good places on earth to live , high living standards and minimal corruption . 
  it 's not that i think dictatorships and monarchies are the best possible form of government but it suggests to me that the form of rulership has a weak link with outcomes . 
  once a market economy is accepted and harnessed the thing that appears to matter most is just aptitude . 
  which ruler would you feel more comfortable with in finland ? 
  queen elizabeth or donald trump . 
  your personal situation has much more to do with the technological stagnation ( ex-computers ) the west has been experiencing since the early 70s . 
  rates of entrepreneurship , wages and positive job mobility have been going slowly downwards for a very long time . 
  this is why house prices are so high and why so many people are stuffing their children into universities . 
  you can choose to vote for whom ever you wish , your economic situation is n't going to change much either way . 
  it 's their system , you would have to be extraordinarily popular to displace the incumbents . 
  i understand where you 're coming from but as i see the world , we have been in a stagnation for a long time . 
  when you have a period of low growth there are lots of bad moves and only a few good ones . 
  we do not need geniuses , just some people who wo n't make major mistakes ( e.g. 
  iraq war ) . 
  i do n't need the sun to tell me putting a literal marxist in control of the country may be a suspect notion . 
  there 's lots of things i 'd like to change about may but jesus christ . 
  right wingers do n't believe in `` hate speech '' . 
  most of us are fine with the poster . 
  there 's a lot of ways for that chain of reasoning to go very wrong !, 
  i understand what you mean to say , but you 've ( potentially ) opened the door to being manipulated by political terrorism . 
  the needs of the non-violent would be dumped for the concerns of the least tolerant . 
  that seems intrinsically unfair . 
  it 's not a hypothetical , it 's common for fringe political groups to push their weight around with this technique . 
  sinn fein in ireland has done it for generations . 
  you 're completely wrong . 
  the purpose of terrorism is sectarianism . 
  the purpose of sectarianism is civil conflict . 
  the political/religious violence follows a logarithmic law . 
  that 's what happened in lebanon and syria . 
  it 's like a guy trying to light a match at a fuel pump across from an arms depot , and you 're sitting there saying `` that match does n't count for much !, 
  not even the pack of matches !, 
  you joke of course , but that would be a serious option were it not for the fact all the major land areas of the world have been nationalized . 
  i expect the best bet is to pay off the right nations . 
  it will cost billions , but save millions of lives so it is a good trade . 
  since we are civilized we have to ensure we are not delivering them into the hands of those who would kill them . 
  for some portion not acceptable to most potential trade partners we might install them in a situation similar to g-bay in cuba , except there would exist no bars or guards i.e. 
  one of the many islands england has possession over . 
  they would always have to the option to work towards citizenship in a new country that we provide a selected list to them of , but not ours . 
  the people selected will be allowed to sell their properties within good time , taking as long as necessary but would not be permitted to rent or own property in the country . 
  i assume that some number of the selected will be innocent . 
  that does not matter because this is a collective punishment , this stopped being about the actions of individuals a long time ago . 
  incidentally , this solves our muslim problem in the prison system , because we will be taking them out of the cells for our new program . 
  the alternative to my policy , which could be course be tweaked endlessly , is sectarianism . 
  i assure you this is a better solution to the alternative . 
  i lived briefly in northern ireland , your country would be ripped apart by that , affecting much more than 2 % of the population . 
  the doctor who spend his time caring for patients is unaffected by such a program . 
  the man who spent his free time molesting english children , working to send funds to terror groups , i say that man selected himself long before somebody like me did . 
  agree . 
  nato will not interfere in the action of a cohesive state actor though , which is the best proposal we have here . 
  i think the english public does not understand the danger of sectarianism . 
  we know it from northern ireland . 
  `` love and understanding '' are not the options available when anger runs that high . 
  we 're not there yet but it 's heading in that direction . 
  you can only nip this in the bud by behaving decisively , like a surgeon . 
  presently the english are in the waiting room `` oooh , i hope he gets better ! '', 
  and even `` you ca n't bring a scalpel into the surgery , it could be perceived as a threat !, 
  no man , it 's deeper than a difference of opinion . 
  to use an analogy , it 's the difference between having different software ( conservative , liberal , libertarian ) and simply running a different operating system . 
  the right and left wing are still fundamentally western no matter how extreme they are , from neo nazis to bolsheviks . 
  islam simply does n't have this . 
  our civilizations have had two different evolutionary paths . 
  like i already mentioned , islam is monolithic . 
  it is similar to a cult apart from its size , because it dominates every single aspect of life for a muslim . 
  i belonged to a cult once , i understand how they think . 
  there is the inside and there is the outside . 
  there is no right or left . 
  example : a muslim man can marry a non-muslim woman , but she is expected to convert . 
  the reverse is impossible for most muslims . 
  she stands a very high probability of being ostracized , attacked , having acid thrown in her face , or killed . 
  it is well understood that placing two people into a similar niche causes conflict . 
  islam is an unusually violent religion because of their self similarity . 
  the more similar but slightly different the sects are , the more they hate each other . 
  it has failed to stop this sort of thing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwzat7kxor0 it will fail to stop it in the future also . 
  this is n't about terrorism . 
  that is just the cherry on the cake . 
  it 's about two incompatible ways of thinking clashing . 
  the muslim community are not punishing the child abuser , the terrorist , the domestic abuser , the gang member , because , as polling has repeatedly shown , it is part of who they are . 
  i repeat : it is part of * who they are * . 
  pakistani culture and afghan culture have been like this for a very , very long time . 
  western liberals are always trying to shame right wingers for this or that reason . 
  it is something that can keep a society balanced although it has now exceeded its parameters which is why it is losing the argument the world over . 
  no such phenomenon of political/moral introspection exists in islam . 
  which is a country , a religion , a law , a culture , it is monolithic . 
  let us look at this clinically . 
  2 % of the population will be affected , and only some of that . 
  the 98 % wo n't be affected materially . 
  mass deportations of all individuals associated with isis and other similar islamic terrorist organizations . 
  it 's tens of thousands to maybe the low hundreds of thousands when you count funding sources and affiliated actions . 
  it 's basically between 1/8 and a 1/4 of the muslim population in the uk . 
  the policy is : they lose citizenship and their parents or grandparents country of origin is paid off to take them back . 
  the second policy is a extremely rigorous examination that is more or less prohibitive to most people from pakistan , afganistan and so on to prevent the problem being compounded in the future . 
  look at the massive quantities of child rape from this sub-population . 
  can you even think of anything more emotive ? 
  if the state does not step in and stamp their feet , then what exactly do you think is going to happen here ? 
  hate will grow and grow until enough people think : `` kill them all '' . 
  that is human nature , to be expected .
