   even under that assumption allywe canconclude is that he failed . 
  whether it was a positive direction or not lies in the eye of the watcher and even if i think it was not i know others disagree on that . 
  i think the problem here is that we can not run ` counter factuals ' . 
  it would be nice ( if politics was a science ) , if we could have run ` grexit ' and ` not-grexit ' to see the consequences and then retroactively selected the superior outcome . 
  obviously that is impossible , but if greece was enjoying rapid economic growth , rises in living standards , we would justly assume that the correct political policy had been implemented . 
  the problem is of course it is possible we might have gotten even better results from the other policy , but would never know this . 
  same logic applies if things took a turn for the worse . 
  pity we have schr\u00f6dinger 's greece !, 
   any job involves getting from a to b. 
  any task involves that . 
  i agree that varoufakis fails here , i believe mostly because he is too fixated on ideology . 
  maybe , another possibility is that he was too filled with vanity to do something that might risk his appearance being damaged . 
   i am not sure mr. thiel would have the sense of selfishness you need for such a high office . 
  maybe , but i 'd like to find out . 
   i also do believe that angela merkel for example would exactly be such a person you are describing . 
  what you are doing is essentially claling for a technocratic governement ( or a `` silicon valley of government '' as you called it ) she is an interesting case you know . 
  she appears to be doing the following strategy to anticipate the future . 
  take lots of accurate polls to establish mood and circumstance . 
  ` run ' both experiments at the same time ( sometimes seen as hypocrisy ) . 
  select the most publicly approved result and amp up the experiment . 
  this is clever in a democracy but it has severe limitations in the long term . 
  the public will sometimes be in two minds , the public may not understand their long term interest , the public may become confused or inconsistent ( cake and eat the cake ) , etc i believe in the long run you require : 1 . 
  frequent data . 
  merkel is right about this . 
  a theory of governance ( like an operating system ) . 
  i believe it is the second item that we do not have today in europe , it 's not something we think about much because we appear to think we already have it solved . 
  i have a slightly different definition of intelligence to many people . 
  http://nautil.us/issue/23/dominoes/ingenious-david-krakauer watch the first video called `` what is intelligence '' , it is only a few minutes long . 
  so by this way of looking at intelligence , varoufakis is not intelligent . 
  he did not start on a journey that led him to a positive destination , and now that he has resigned he has removed himself from the ability to solve the problem . 
  i would say he is highly gifted at mimicry , but since leadership involves looking at novel situations and getting from a to b , he was the wrong kind of person for the job . 
  unfortunately it is a flaw in most of us that we like confident people more than we like gifted ones , perhaps partly because the toil of openly worked intellectual labour is often stressful , intimidating for even bystanders . 
  i often come across youtube videos where a person with real value is talking but is nearly unable to communicate ( a flaw in our western education system perhaps ) . 
  a truly gifted leader would be somebody like peter thiel , but currently our political systems in the west do not select for these kinds of minds , so we shall never have a ` silicon valley of government ' . 
  i am fascinated by the chinese selection process for leadership , it is dramatically better than our own . 
  i have n't heard of this , what is this about ? 
  or electronic money . 
  there are lots of ways to do this , including the way it was done in iraq . 
  i doubt logistics was the major obstacle to this political policy . 
  i think that a very weak claim . 
  if that is true , then i am wrong . 
  can i ask then : how do you know this is true ? 
  perhaps his sentiment on a foreign nation 's policy is revealing of his real sentiments at home . 
  or is it a case of one thing for thee , another for me ? 
   troika was rejecting anything else than austerity . 
  i do n't dispute that , but when you are in such a corner , you still have control over your own actions . 
   varoufakis then resigned because that 's not what he had agreed to do . 
  he was looking for other way , apparently in secret they have set up some sort of currency as a way to leave ez in a less painful way but that was highly illegal ( apparently , i do n't know the details ) . 
  this is what the greeks should have done though . 
  whether it is `` illegal '' is a legal/political nonsense . 
  you have the ability and right to control what money you use , end of . 
  for instance i do not agree with the euro but i live in a state that uses the euro . 
  so i save in swiss francs instead . 
  i have at least some control over my actions that way . 
  it has nothing to do with being a leftist or rightist . 
  there were some difficult decisions that he did not opt for . 
  he could have left the currency union and inflated the currency - a known way to balance an economy . 
  it took me a long time to realize that the stories of widespread cannibalism in central africa were not sick stories invented by racists . 
  i think my prior was that `` if that was true , it would be such an outrage that surely everybody would talk about or know it '' . 
  of course , you 've pointed out the reason why that would not be true . 
  i could n't disagree more . 
  he really is not that intelligent . 
  he is very good at looking and sounding intelligent . 
  the guy has no actual plan , it is all applause words and phrases . 
  he uses a technique called guessing the teacher 's password `` universal rights '' `` basic income '' `` democracy '' - all the things that sound right , but when actually installed into power had no idea of what to do . 
  these are great attributes for politicians in a democracy but worthless otherwise . 
  this has nothing to do with being left or right - leadership has to be actually be effective . 
  of course if you have an actual plan and execute it , then you run the risk of being wrong . 
  it is always easier to do nothing and talk about hypotheticals that appeals to your supporters . 
   there are not many underlining issues with integration among the black community at all not close to being true . 
  it simply is n't referenced in the uk media and polite society . 
  the percentage ( relative to population ) of blacks in uk prisons * even higher * than in the united states . 
  and there are good reasons for that . 
  blacks commit the majority of violent crime despite being a tiny minority . 
  they are responsible for a huge amount of crime , both in my personal experience ( been attacked twice ) and statistically . 
  this is easily provable : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_crime_in_the_united_kingdom#race_and_crime_in_london this is particularly damning : `` in june 2010 the sunday telegraph , through a freedom of information act request , obtained statistics on accusations of crime broken down by race from the metropolitan police service . 
  [ n 2 ] the figures showed that the majority of males who were accused of violent crimes in 2009 -- 10 were black . 
  of the recorded 18,091 such accusations against males , 54 percent accused of street crimes were black ; for robbery , 59 percent ; and for gun crimes , 67 percent . 
  [ 26 ] robbery , drug use , and gang violence have been associated with black people since the 1960s . 
  [ 27 ] in the 1980s and 1990s , the police associated robbery with black people . 
  in 1995 , the metropolitan police commissioner paul condon said that the majority of robberies in london were committed by black people . 
  [ 28 ] street crimes include muggings , assault with intent to rob , and snatching property . 
  black males accounted for 29 percent of the male victims of gun crime and 24 percent of the male victims of knife crime . 
  [ 26 ] similar statistics were recorded for females . 
  on knife crime , 45 percent of suspected female perpetrators were black ; for gun crime , 58 percent ; and for robberies , 52 percent . 
  [ 29 ] operation trident was set up in march 1998 by the metropolitan police to investigate gun crime in london 's black community after black-on-black shootings in lambeth and brent . 
  [ 30 ] between april 2005 and january 2006 , figures from the metropolitan police service showed that black people accounted for 46 percent of car-crime arrests generated by automatic number plate recognition cameras . 
  [ 31 ] in london in 2006 , 75 % of the victims of gun crime and 79 % of the suspects were `` from the african/caribbean community . 
  '' [ 32 ] '' this is more anecdotal , but i know that the prostitutes in britain , almost to a woman , refuse to service black caribbean clients because the accounts of brutalization are incredibly common ( and usually not reported to the police ) . 
  if you go to their websites , you 'll see that for yourself . 
  that is n't racism , it is survival . 
  it is not cool though . 
  these kinds of actions are like the cub lions or tiger playing . 
  it is a form of practice for actually killing people . 
  it is like how a housewife might be used to being treated roughly , and then one day she is killed by her abuser . 
  violent people rarely start with outright murder , so these videos trouble me . 
  if you were against slavery in 1700 , that might have been an extremist position . 
  if you were for democracy in europe before world war 1 , that was a extreme position to take . 
  likely in the future there will be other political systems , and adopting them today would be an extremist position , but not in the year 2xxx . 
  tldr ; the center does n't stay in the same place .
