  people should be able to wear it . 
  and i hate communists . 
  it 's getting bad when reactionaries are reminding liberals of their values . 
  this is true . 
  in ireland the population sups down rte as if it were words from god . 
  rte is overwhelmingly biased in radio/television towards the democratic line , they actually think this is neutrality . 
  the only exception i can think of the top of my head is a radio show by george hook which attempts to untangle some of these issues or at least raise them to the level of observation instead of developing caricatures of right or left . 
  in my view liberals used to be sophisticated in the past but are now smugly confident they 're in the right without any theoretical justification for why that ought to be so . 
  they do not read books . 
  i ca n't emphasize that enough . 
  today 's liberal is shadow boxing caricatures , they do n't actually know what the right or left mean anymore . 
  one can immediately catch them out by posing slogans to ask if they agree with them e.g. 
  `` from each according to his ability , to each according to his needs '' or asking them to make a prediction of some sort e.g. 
  do nazis hate muslims ? 
  ( nope ) people like finndacool honestly do n't understand what they do n't understand because the depth of their knowledge is purely from television soundbites and conversations with other people who have the same source of information . 
  they think you 're unsophisticated merely because you brought something up that they have n't heard before . 
  instead of realizing there may be a gap in their knowledge , they think you 're an idiot . 
  i do n't agree , but even supposing your premise is correct , it is then inexplicable why the hammer and sickle symbol of communism remains unmolested . 
  you 're a bit thick , fellow mick . 
  actually a lot of the alt-right do n't have a problem with jews . 
  it 's a vocal minority behaving like a choir . 
  so it does n't even scan with your small fringe group you mentioned . 
  and just like the baader-meinhof group , these extremists are getting away with a lot , including on reddit , because large numbers of people believe in something similar . 
  the things you mentioned , they objectively happened . 
  the other side does n't have much to point to , they have to go as far back as dylan roof or brevik to find far right wing extremism resulting in violence . 
  you know it because if a congressman on the democrat side had an assassination attempt we 'd still be hearing about it but * we are n't * . 
  or not , because the whole point of having a conversation is that sometimes , the other guy is right . 
  it appears to me that the center is busy talking to itself sometimes . 
  struggling with labeling people like me nazis is highly myopic . 
  not every rightist an increment away from the center is a nazi . 
  more conservative than average ? 
  nazi . 
  more libertarian than the center ? 
  nazi . 
  a reactionary ? 
  nazi . 
  liberal but do n't like muslim migration ? 
  nazi . 
  did you know that the actual nazis online love muslim migration ? 
  they see it as a way to cull the jews in the west . 
  if any of the impression the newspapers give was actually true , then you would be fucked . 
  it is the liberals who have become extremists , the center has devolved into something less sophisticated , more primitive . 
  mainstream television shows and news are literally promulgating memes to support wholesale population replacement as if it 's a good idea . 
  the bbc has kindly interviews with women in burkas , fully clad foot to toe , to discern their ` lifestyle choice ' and strange looks from westerners . 
  not a big proponent of all things american culture , but you have this one completely correct . 
  just the other day i was talking to a jew on this forum and he/she said she felt safe to wear kippa in two countries : the usa and israel . 
   so what does being far right means to you ? 
  the political spectrum is an incomplete metaphor for what exists . 
  as you approach the center , people become more ideologically homogeneous . 
  they will claim large differences between each other , between center right and center left but it is mostly splitting hairs , like how catholics and protestants believe they are very different yet they are obviously part of the same subset : christianity . 
  similar with sunnis and shites in the islamic world . 
  if you 're `` inside '' , this is n't obvious . 
  your newspaper talks of nothing but the differences . 
  a common culture is like water to a fish . 
  when you get further out to the edges of the left and right you get a flowering of ideological diversity . 
  you certainly get neo-nazis , but you also get transhumanists and neoreactionaries . 
  technically they are all far right , but ideologically do n't have much in common . 
  they tend to wind up all the same forums for the sake of semantic convenience . 
  neo-nazis tend to get more attention because they are loud and act as a consistent choir , not because they represent everybody . 
  if you are `` outside '' , this is n't obvious . 
  the newspaper talks of nothing but the similarities . 
  i 'm regularly accused of fascism . 
  people are unable to discern what are actually very large differences . 
  on the far right and left there are factions that are anti-semite . 
  i 'm a nrx or neoreactionary . 
  scott alexander ( himself jewish , and a liberal , not a reactionary ) has a good explanation of what that means here : http://slatestarcodex.com/2013/03/03/reactionary-philosophy-in-an-enormous-planet-sized-nutshell/ it was started by curtis yarvin , also jewish ( these are clues ... ) . 
  the key question for a nrx is `` how confident are we that our society is better than its predecessors ? 
  '' , that 's the question we 're interested in . 
  i personally believe the reactionaries have the only right answers with respect to technological development ( historically and recently ) . 
   you hate all other minorities but jews ( ? 
  ) , or something else ? 
  i do n't hate minorities at all . 
  i think however that many of them should stay in their own cultures , evolving in their own way at their own pace . 
  china used to be pretty badly off . 
  we would not have a rationale for invading china to improve it . 
  and it has developed by itself by comparing and contrasting developmental strategies . 
  that 's what we want . 
  this is because a reactionary is similar to a animal conservationist or many varieties of ecologist . 
  a conservationist wants to protect the variety of species that exists , the good , the bad , the ugly . 
  if one dies out , that 's fine , but it has to be through natural causes . 
  reactionaries are the same , but within the human species . 
  we believe mixing different groups together will lead to violence ( `` diversity + proximity = violence , often ironically because of similarities with minor differences ) or allow some species to out-compete for resources over others , indirectly destroying a culture or race . 
  the reactionary takes a ecological look at humankind , each group has a niche or role . 
  a monoculture creates a existential threat if our species encounters a change in the environment . 
  liberals are the true colonialists because they believe in universal laws . 
  that 's why they are so keen to proselytize their faith so much on `` human rights '' and `` democracy '' , they do n't see that this would lead to conflict . 
   far right usually means that you hate all minorities ( including jews ) not so , as i 've explained above . 
  i heavily dislike it as well . 
  i 'm far right , but believe it or not we do n't all hate jews . 
  something you should know in ireland . 
  the hospitals , the whole hse is riddled with doctors ( white leftist and the foreign doctors ) who sponsor organizations in the middle east who are almost certainly hamas/hezbollah by proxy . 
  i 've worked in them myself and honestly it is pretty obvious , little palestinian flags on desks , leaflets with aid appeals etc. 
  iirc alan shatter has poisoned relations between natives and jews in ireland because he is blamed for massively increasing non-native mena migration to the country . 
  if that is true , then it should trouble you greatly . 
  tldr ; do n't identify as a jew if in an irish hospital . 
   it 's likely statistically far more dangerous , but you also feel that everybody 's got your back and that people actually care about your safety . 
  i think this is it . 
  it may appear irrational but it might not be , it could be that incidental murder may be higher in israel but the threat of a black swan event ( mass killings ) is lower . 
  i 'm not even jewish and i 'd feel safer in israel because i 'd know they 're not being to be a bunch of pussies in the event of an attack . 
  this is kind of one of my problems as a reactionary with how we westerners think of `` democracy '' .
