  the center is more homogeneous , the peripheral is heterogeneous . 
  they do n't live very long , average age is 50 . 
   bicycle tanks http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-zsyi8yhnhyu/t9v8pa5jwdi/aaaaaaab95c/up-8cryehnm/s1600/dsc_0101.jpg, 
  i realize that child sex abuse and fgm ( and mgm ) are not directly related . 
  perhaps you 're not seeing or not wanting to see what i 'm trying to say here . 
  i am using the second example to show that in a systematic case of of ethnic identity + crime crossing paths with the law , the law has failed to be implemented despite likely hundreds of thousands of possible cases . 
  i infer something similar is happening with the rape gangs only on an even larger scale , it has been covered over for at least three decades . 
  here i 'll move to what i suspect is true but is not proven . 
  these are a guess at the true picture , reading between the liens . 
  i suspect there is roughly 1 child abuser per 100 uk natives in a lifetime , and 10 pedophiles . 
  the exact number does n't matter , the relation does - there are far more potential criminals than actual ones . 
  i suspect that in the pakistani population we have evidence pointing to a sickening result , that there are 10 child abusers per 100 pakistani origin male citizens , and that a majority  50 % of pakistani males are pedophiles . 
  i suspect that the majority of afghan men in particular are child molestors . 
  obviously a lot of context is missing from my description here , but i am painting you a picture of what most british natives are beginning to suspect privately . 
  there 's plenty of evidence , just not convictions , these are separate things . 
  i know this topic throws more heat than light by its nature , so here 's a less toxic example : consider that the uk has thousands of cases of genital mutilation * recorded * . 
  in several decades it has not once convicted a single doctor for performing these operations . 
  if this is n't about race , nothing is about race . 
  i also do not think it is true . 
  i think the true rates are so wildly different that even a native demographic were it ten times larger still commits less net crime . 
  the bbc is likely conflating two kinds of crime because of its liberal political bias : rape , and cep , which may be related but are quite different . 
  remind yourself when reading the news that the police are n't getting resources to specifically target pakistani and afghan gangs ( not that i 've heard anyway ) , what we are seeing in the news is merely the stupid ones . 
  there are people out there literally killing children and they go into the disappeared category or simply are n't recorded . 
  it 's not my preferred option , but it seems blatantly obvious you can only rape and kill children for so long before no amount of police will be able to stop parents , relatives , concerned citizens from becoming a violent mob , it 's only surprising it has not happened already . 
  when that happens nobody in the british isles who is actually british is going to give a shit . 
  they had it coming they 'll say . 
  you know as well as we do that this is a racial targeted kind of crime , not an individual act of god one . 
  is there a vid with the diplomat 's translation ? 
  it sounds hilarious !, 
  you 're aptly named anyway . 
   presumably neo-nazi views where the fuck did you get that from ? 
  depends on the specific human . 
  there are many rare animals and plants that are useful for creating new medicines or knowledge that leads to useful improvement . 
  a huge number of drugs have their origin in the rainforest . 
  also most of the food we use , chocolate , potatoes , coffee , spices , clothing material used to be unusual stuff from a distant part of the globe . 
  if we said `` fuck it '' back then , then we 'd be impoverished on a multitude of levels . 
  i think most people 's instinct to persevere the natural world is correct even if it 's hard to come up with specific examples , because new discoveries are likely if we keep other species around , otherwise they are not . 
   carolann gallon just look at that face . 
  a certain political demographic comes to mind . 
  the quantity of it is prodigious . 
   the police argued that it would not have been possible to uncover the crimes in operation shelter `` using conventional methods '' . 
  it 's a grim calculus , but i 'm pleased they 're staring straight in its face because if you have a weakness you can be sure these creatures will abuse it , that 's how predators of this particular sort think , they 're human hunters of a sort . 
  look at it this way , some of these gangs almost certainly murder the kids afterward . 
  there 's a lot of evidence that some of them ( thinking here of a case involving honour killings and rape i was reading about ) have been disposing of bodies for a while and just have n't gotten caught before . 
  let 's not be cute , there 's going to be a-killing , we all know it . 
  i understand how it sounds . 
  recall that both the soviets and the germans invaded poland . 
  they killed about 1/5 of the total population . 
  the germans were killing poles in the west , the soviets were killing poles in the east . 
  these are very broad strokes but roughly half the poles the germans wiped out were jewish , meanwhile the soviet ( goes by various names but is same organization ) nkvd were up to their old tricks ( total butchery , their specialism was the industrial scale torturing of populations ) . 
  less well known but accepted by historians : the nkvd is the cheka , both of which were mostly jewish . 
  therefore while jews were being murdered in the west , they were murdering their fellow poles in the east . 
  ironically at kayn they killed several hundred of their co-religionists . 
  there are also plenty of disgusting reports i do n't have the stomach to post here . 
  here 's the wikipedia article touching briefly on it . 
  `` there were large groups of prewar polish citizens , notably jewish youth and , to a lesser extent , the ukrainian peasants , who saw the soviet power as an opportunity to start political or social activity outside their traditional ethnic or cultural groups . 
  their enthusiasm however faded with time as it became clear that the soviet repressions were aimed at all groups equally , regardless of their political stance . 
  [ 96 ] british historian simon sebag montefiore states that soviet terror in the occupied eastern polish lands was as cruel and tragic as the nazis ' in the west . 
  soviet authorities brutally treated those who might oppose their rule , deporting by 10 november 1940 around 10 % of total population of kresy , with 30 % of those deported dead by 1941 . 
  [ 97 ] they arrested and imprisoned about 500,000 poles during 1939 -- 1941 , including former officials , officers , and natural `` enemies of the people '' like the clergy , but also noblemen and intellectuals . 
  the soviets also executed about 65,000 poles . 
  soldiers of the red army and their officers behaved like conquerors , looting and stealing polish treasures . 
  when stalin was told about it , he answered : `` if there is no ill will , they [ the soldiers ] can be pardoned '' . 
  [ 98 ] in one notorious massacre , the nkvd-the soviet secret police -- systematically executed 21,768 poles , among them 14,471 former polish officers , including political leaders , government officials , and intellectuals . 
  some 4,254 of these were uncovered in mass graves in katyn forest by the nazis in 1943 , who then invited an international group of neutral representatives and doctors to study the corpses and confirm soviet guilt , but the findings from the study were denounced by the allies as `` nazi propaganda '' . '', 
  as it turned out , kayn was n't a few thousand corpses , iirc it was half the polish army got liquidated , and there were countless smaller events all over soviet controlled territory , the nkvd had a network of partisans doing their thing . 
  war is messy . 
  everybody got their hands dirty . 
  what i 've mentioned is n't an excuse for antisemitism anymore than we ought to hate the germans for being nazis , the war is over . 
  it would be nice though , if hollywood stopped behaving as if world war ii was a simple morality tale of good vs evil . 
  if the good guys won , then explain joesph stalin . 
  he `` won '' too !, 
  what ? 
  what !, 
  i like to think there is hope for everybody :-), 
  and it 's inexplicable that muslims and jews can not taste delicious bacon sandwiches . 
  this is what happens when you stray from the path of science . 
  we need a visegrad group flag that liberals can get upset over , like they have in america !, 
  emotionally , people do n't like seeing women hurt , especially if they look familiar . 
  logically she ca n't get a pussy pass just because she 's female and white . 
  she helped kill iraqis . 
  i 'd regard the iraqis handing her over to the german justice system as bending over backwards to be diplomatic . 
     no way . 
  most of the population is n't even that interested in politics . 
  there 's compelling evidence from the biological sciences that most of the population is political , it 's written into our genes , it 's not all culture/environment . 
  that fits with my observations , that many people hold latent political beliefs without realizing it or knowing how they are formally described . 
  more or less my synopsis as well . 
  i would instrument three reforms to alleviate the criminal/terrorist/cultural issue . 
  no more birthright citizenship except for natives . 
  citizenship can be acquired , but not as an automatic assumption . 
  refugees receive 5 or 10 year temporary leave visas . 
  the children leave with their families . 
  if bi-racial , they have a choice . 
  the entire point of refugee status was its temporary nature , that must be restored . 
  all migrants including refugees are * preloaded * into interpol/europol databases , fingerprints , dna sequences , the lot . 
  criminals are subject to immediate expulsion if not to country of origin , then to a third party state camp in mena . 
  migrants may be under permanent surveillance as they are in japan unless they can become citizens . 
  there are plenty of ways to be humane yet tough . 
  the question is whether europe has the political will to instrument similar reforms . 
  why is n't this on the front page ?
