  what topic ? 
  is there something more important that you wanting to distribute people to countries with people who do n't want them ? 
  that would seem to be the crux of it . 
  ca n't believe that was downvoted - plaited ponytails are amazing, 
   surely the free marketplace of ideas can take care of a 1400 year old desert religion ? 
  surely the splendor and charity of secular society can convince devoted theists , or at least persuade them into compliance as their children are convinced ? 
  that 's a lovely ideal , but i 've been in a cult . 
  i can tell you the answer is almost certainly no . 
  i had access to books , which is why i left . 
  but had my cult control over the source of books , then that would not have been an option . 
  religion can shut out all other options in a variety of ways , by forcing people to marry internally ( you almost never hear of muslim women marrying western men , it 's dangerous for them to do so ) , by getting people to attack or drag you down if you express dissenting ideas . 
  if we were just talking about a discussion , you might be right . 
  but not if people are bringing violence into it , which they are . 
  i appreciate your comments . 
  i just usually really disagree with them . 
  radical leftism wants a intellectual homogeneity on social/political issues . 
  for instance they would ban charles darwin 's books ( as the soviet did ) , just as soon as the religious far rightists , if for different reasons . 
  well known famous biologists like e.o wilson and james watson ( dna ) have been constantly under attack from the left . 
  a turk i agree with !, 
   mind that there are no such thing as human race biologically . 
  this is a fundamentally non-scientific belief . 
  you can not be scientific in your thinking and believe that . 
  then why are so many of them fighting for isis ? 
  or do you think the reports i 've read of them joining are bullshit ? 
  but they are delicious, 
   what you are saying is that to defeat to the ira we had to defeat catholicism and we had to start with those irish that despised the iras actions because they were the problem . 
  it does n't make sense , its removing an engine to fix a spark plug no , i am not . 
  i am distinguishing between straight forward political actions , and those based on a dangerous ideology which is semi-theological and thereby not based on rational grounds to be debated about . 
  religion is n't up for discussion , it 's buried deep in people 's bones . 
  i know , i was in a cult once . 
   those pakistanis that raped kids also included sikhs , hindus and british people , jimmy saville was n't a pakistani . 
  true . 
  but the * frequency * matters . 
  the number of cases of pakistanis doing this and worse , who are * likely to be doing this and getting away with it * , is astronomical . 
  are we expected to believe that a small town , where thousands of children were getting fucked on a daily basis , just did not know anything about the issue until the police turned up and suddenly it is all like `` well , not me bruv ! '', 
  do you think i think we need those people ? 
  especially since that is n't the only town like that . 
  simply too much trouble . 
   targeting people who break the law and not innocent people is how our justice system works . 
  my complaint is n't actually about justice . 
  it is true that individuals who commit crimes should be punished of course . 
  however i also think groups should be collectively punished for collective crimes . 
  especially when they aid the people doing the things . 
  that 's outside the realm of the justice system and in the hands of the military and similar organizations . 
  i know for instance that the local kurds/turks fund raise for terrorist organizations abroad . 
  i know that a suicide bomber is not a person committing an individual act , but that they have been led up to that by a long series of prompts from their culture which is the people around them . 
  that bears collective guilt , not individual guilt . 
  society is not just a collection of random individuals . 
  some of those individuals have their behaviour * synchronized * . 
  that means there exist patterns , and the pattern i am seeing is that people of the sunni islamic faith ( with its many sects ) are a credible threat to the people around them . 
  they are constantly aiding and abetting terrorism in a thousand different ways , our intelligence agencies have been warning us about this for decades . 
  there exist white people who have committed acts of islamic terror . 
  i am for executing them and deporting anybody who looks , acts or sounds like them upon some objective metric that shows them holding similar beliefs . 
  i view them in a very similar way to zombies . 
  they are infected and can no longer be trusted . 
   you ca n't oppress religion out of existence , it just does n't work . 
  i do n't need to oppress people who do n't exist . 
  if they do n't come in , then the whole problem goes away . 
  i do n't agree you ca n't destroy religion either . 
  look up the cathars . 
   the best we can do is to clearly explain limits to communities from afar and explain how our society works , the protections that personal rights offer and punish those that violate those limits . 
  how 's that going for you ? 
  seriously this wo n't work . 
  i told you , this is religion . 
  i was in a cult . 
  i understand how deep religious belief works . 
  just `` explaining '' to them is n't going to work . 
  it has to be from within and it just is n't . 
   freedom of religion is guaranteed in europe , that is n't ever likely to change . 
  oh , that could easily change . 
  there are no universal laws of that sort . 
   everyone should be able to peacefully practice religion . 
  depends on whether their religion is * peaceful * . 
  instead of contingent on the verses of a genghis khan prototype . 
  you know , this is all rather straight forward . 
  i do n't support people coming to my community who , if they obtain control , are very likely to murder me , turn others into slaves and marry children . 
  all things their holy book advises them to do , and as the situation in many of their countries evidently suggests , is a live issue . 
  here is what is funny in a sick way . 
  because people very similar to yourself are unable to accept the basic truth about europe and migration - that we do not want anything to do with it , the entire european project could disintegrate this month . 
  already the uk is gone , we may follow because of trade , and it is possible that le pen will win in france . 
  if not now , then next time around . 
  this almost certainly means others will join . 
  this is a huge existential risk , and you should not feel good about it . 
  as i see it , germans are putting morality ( a type i do n't share ) ahead of reality . 
  cheer up , your girls have wonderful plaited ponytails . 
  that is something . 
  i have a place near a library shaped like a megalithic rock structure where there is a water wheel and i feed the crows there . 
  the crows are friendly and love pizza slices . 
  yes , i 'm one of the ones who think the japanese approach is the right way . 
  not a shadow of doubt about it . 
  we have huge difficulties integrating black and brown people . 
  and that was when the populations were very low . 
  to do so with millions at once is actually impossible . 
  that is the simple truth of it . 
  i believe we will experience many ethnic problems in the future . 
  migration is possible , with low numbers and over long periods . 
  i think that is the japanese thought also and i suspect it to be the wisest course . 
  a glorious battle for england-kin first time i saw english people walking proudly . 
  so it was important for them to do it . 
  there are social problems in many western states of nihilism , cynicism , so this was a welcome antidote .
