  liberalism without restraint will actually promote massive amounts of violence . 
  it 's like giving in to a bully or turning a blind eye to a bully . 
  a short sharp blow is what a government is capable of , a way of illustrating who is boss . 
  if we do n't do that , then the other option is far worse because normal people will take on what should be a state responsibility , with doubtful results . 
  the government only has so much power over its citizens . 
  if may does n't take a strong line , she 'll be replaced by people who will . 
  face it , the british security services give interviews to isis members to check if they 're `` radical '' before unleashing them into the wild . 
  the policy is fucking crazy . 
  either we go into triage , and try to save what is left , or yes , the other options are indeed stalinist . 
  in my view that is the true choice and everything else is nice stories people wish to believe . 
  mass deportations will work . 
  everybody knows this but some of us wo n't admit it . 
  that 's yesterday 's answer and * it has failed * . 
  with respect to the article it was perfectly adequate . 
  in the hypothetical we 're talking about , it includes natives who convert to islam , i never mentioned race . 
  every policeman and analyst knows there are three components to any incident civil or terrorist . 
  - opportunity . 
  - motivation . 
  - support . 
  in my hypothetical we have solved 99.99 % of cases for * opportunity * . 
  that puts a severe strain on the other two sources of problems . 
  it is mostly narrowed down to what you mentioned , people traveling in , maybe under pretenses . 
  you have to admit that is a much smaller and controllable group though . 
  the ability of intelligence to do useful work would be much more focused . 
  i agree it would never be perfect , but if you reduced the probability of islamic attack from once every six months , to once every century , i strongly suspect most citizens would take that option . 
  it looks like this to me . 
  - bad news for the civil liberties of a truculent minority . 
  - good news for the civil liberties of everybody else + not having attacks . 
  if you like many people on reddit are all about democracy , then i can say that if a referendum was held tomorrow on this topic i am certain my hypothetical would win out and that becomes more sure with each day . 
  my hypothetical will never happen of course but a crude counterfactual to britan can be had with poland , a country with few examples of islamic terror . 
  why ? 
  i put it to you it 's because there 's very few opportunities for the obvious reason . 
  it 's about 5 % national socialist , the rest are different varieties of right wing . 
  most of reddit is fairly moderate , center to center left leaning ( depending on who 's awake , there 's a visible shift when the europeans/americans wake up ) so it 's not surprising you find it shocking . 
  you can find the equivalent of natsoc on this website from the left if you look up the tankie subreddits . 
  i rarely see threads advocating violence on voat , but with the tankies and some other groups it 's common . 
  it 's not my fault , i just sub to / r/lovecraft . 
  ah , the old days . 
  we used to just send them to siberia . 
  if anybody ever wonders why i 'm a reactionary then surely the answer is getting clearer every day . 
  to be fair , ducks are pretty awesome . 
  i can do better , i can point you to the political theory itself . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leviathan_%28book%29 the book explains from first principals how to reduce violence in society using the state . 
  stephen pinker wrote a book describing the reduction in violence from century to century . 
  we are far less violent than we used to be because of our long held law and order , although we ought not be complacent . 
   also peace at any cost is not really worth it . 
  of course . 
  believe it or not , edward snowden is right wing !, 
  many people besides the left/center do n't want a gigantic police state breathing down their necks . 
   who decides how citizens must act ? 
  i 'm not really an authoritarian , i agree that in general it should n't be prescriptive . 
  it is normal to have criminals who have citizenship , people do n't lose citizenship merely for being immoral or even criminal - murderers and child abusers still are citizens . 
  the main exception to this is * treason * . 
  this is a very different crime to the others , because if it succeeds it entails widespread destruction and curtailment of liberty across the whole citizenry . 
  in most countries of the world in history this has been punishable by death . 
  to understand my perspective , you must appreciate that these terror attacks serve the propose of getting two rival groups in the society to war against each other . 
  terrorism is intended to create sectarianism . 
  sectarianism is the first step to civil war . 
  so when i say `` treason '' , i 'm not seeing these events as others might , as a series of criminal acts , i believe that view is ridiculous . 
  the end game is to turn states into syrias . 
  this suicide bomber sister person , she might not lose her citizenship , but it should be made abundantly clear to her that if she vocalizes supports for her brother 's actions and participates in similar activity then her crime is not civil , but political and taken far more seriously than conventional criminality . 
  at least that would be my view . 
  not killing people is not what leads to peace . 
  there exists a fundamental difference between violence in civil society ( nearly always bad ) and the kind of violence that keeps society civil . 
  if the police and army stopped filling their roles tomorrow , the demand for their services continues and likely worsens . 
  if the government does not possess the right policy on the use of force , then the consequences are identical . 
  people who do n't act like citizens , should lose citizenship . 
  not sure if she lives in the uk , but sister of the suicide bomber was posting messages on twitter/facebook celebrating her brother 's accomplishment . 
  she ought to lose to the right to be a citizen for acting in such a way . 
  many members of terrorist organizations are interviewed when they come back . 
  could start by executing them for treason instead of talking to them . 
  he needs to slow down on posting . 
  better to have 10x quality post than 10 normal posts . 
  i told him so on the survey , hopefully he 'll listen . 
  that would be right , except that it is too late by about twenty years in most countries . 
  then why are n't military courts processing isis members ? 
  it is a criminal offense to be a member of the mafia even if the government ca n't prove you were involved in a particular crime . 
  `` how security services handle returning fighters when foreign fighters are detected returning to britain , security services assess whether they have genuinely repudiated isis or remain a hardline fanatic . '', 
  either we get military trials for all known members of isis , aq and similar organizations , or people will eventually take matters into their own hands . 
   african ( christian ) , carribean responsible for nearly all the violent crime in london . 
  it 's incredible . 
  take a look at the wikipedia on the subject . 
  it 's not reported on in a holistic manner so most people are n't even aware it is a thing . 
  i was listening to a guy making fun of him . 
  i asked him what exactly he was wrong about . 
  i told him about the black crime rate in london ( new information to a lot of people ) . 
  he did n't have much to say about it . 
  these people have nothing to say . 
  i think you meant to say `` should n't '' . 
  the cases are n't that similar though , it 's a superficial similarity . 
  britain sent assassins and killed considerable numbers of the ira . 
  they lived in fear of their lives . 
  the ira also were less dangerous than radical islam because they got a bad response from the irish public when they killed british civilians and their political goals were at least comprehensible . 
  this is n't the case with the radical islamists in the uk because there are so fucking many of them with popular support from the broader islamic community * and * their political goals are impossible . 
  we 'd need to kill huge numbers , in the tens of thousands , if we 're applying british anti-ira tactics to our current situation . 
  i say to go for it , and i 'm the most libertarian civil rights person there is . 
  sometimes you got to take care of business , to draw a line in the sand that people are afraid to cross . 
  it 's better than the alternative . 
  if we know they joined isis , aq or similar organizations , we should just execute them . 
  this is not a civil law case , it is about executing enemy combatants , the normal thing to do in a war .
