  it 's their policies and procedures . 
  look up the backstory to the father of the two terrorists . 
  it 's extraordinary how tied the hands of the intelligence services are . 
  part of their job is to sometimes kill the right people , and they 've lost touch on that score . 
  they ( like your government ) literally do allow members of isis ( yes , that they know of ! ), 
  back into the country , just so long as they are relatively sure they wo n't turn ` radical ' . 
  in your country , something crazy like 75 % of salafist males have fought for isis . 
  why are we keeping these people around ? 
  we can just kill them as enemy combatants . 
  quote : `` how security services handle returning fighters when foreign fighters are detected returning to britain , security services assess whether they have genuinely repudiated isis or remain a hardline fanatic . '', 
  the poster is kind of a myth , because accounts during the blitz actually illustrate everybody was freaking the fuck out because futuristic weapons were coming out of nowhere . 
  the v1 and v2 were n't that effective , but the psychological penalty was enormous . 
  they were afraid that a new super weapon would appear ( like gas in wwi , or nuclear in ww2 ) . 
  kind of rational if you ask me . 
  they 'll spit on their hands and hoist the black flag at some point . 
  although today that would probably be to hunt down those awful twitter trolls saying insensitive things . 
  aggggh !, 
  this is so stupid !, 
  i agree . 
  if we notice this , how could the terrorists possibly not . 
  a panic in a crowd of that size would kill thousands . 
  in my personal experience , many muslims have concocted various conspiracy theories whereby all/most terrorist attacks by muslims are done by the government . 
  that or the jews . 
  same thing with the child abuse situation . 
  it 's always somebody else who is at fault . 
  seriously , you 're dealing with child-like minds here . 
  have you seen the movie `` brazil '' ? 
   in fact , something as heavy-handed as that would more likely result in the opposite and serve only to recruit more terrorists . 
  that is literally not possible if you actually expelled all the muslims . 
  i understand you can have many complaints about such a thing , but doubting that it * would be effective * is really magical thinking . 
  of course it would work . 
  `` we 're going to remove every person suspected of aiding terrorism , directly or indirectly , from this entire country '' that would do it . 
  when your government bans surveys on examining the size of the muslim population ... 
   the best case scenario is that we send a large number of them back before this happens . 
  ironically le pen was the shortest route to a peaceful resolution . 
  the longer she 's out of power the more likely a bloodbath becomes . 
  the liberals are holding up a pendulum here . 
  it is to get two groups of people to fight each other . 
  so all these statistics about car accidents or comparisons to conventional warfare are beside the point if it is a game of group psychology . 
  look now , you 're mentioning things i have not said and then asking me to substantiate them . 
  that is pigeon holing and i am adverse to it . 
  the thing about that ` document ' we 're talking about is that i no longer have a copy and it is a writing by a known terrorist . 
  thus my reflectance to look it up , you 'd surely be placed upon a list of terrorism suspects . 
  but at one time i did read it through and was struck by the relevance of its model when the migrant crisis unfolded and continues to this day . 
  that is not to suggest this way of viewing the world contains all the truths , just what i stated : that it was accurate on something held as extremely unlikely . 
  read it without prejudice and see for yourself . 
  as i mentioned to the other fellow , a hedgehog often does n't get many things correct , just something important that is overlooked by a fox . 
  foxes often try to explain away things as ` obvious ' that they never predicted in the first place , it 's a common intellectual failure mode for the garden variety middle class person . 
  that 's what i see and hear from the media and the faux sophistication of this position is not appealing . 
  the far right and far left have more coherent mental models of what 's going on at present than the center and both sides would be able to make concrete assertions about what will happen in the future . 
  the center has no such hold on reality , their model is `` business as usual '' and `` nothing to see here !, 
  you can read the thing for yourself on the web , i do n't want to look it up again . 
  here is the gist : several years back the idea that our governments would deliberately allow large numbers of illegal aliens to overrun the borders was a conspiracy theory to a member of the general public . 
  a tiny number of people on the internet predicted that this would happen , nobody gave them serious credence . 
  quite similar to those people who stated the globe was covered in a giant surveillance network that tracks our every statement and action pre-snowden . 
  there was a series of small communities who believed this but not the general public . 
  `` technically impossible '' , `` only to get the bad people '' , `` they 're too incompetent '' . 
  now that the position ( on both ) is * fact * , it heavily implies their mental model was at least in one way more correct than the mainstream , which has rapidly turned about , 1984 style , to the position that `` this was always normal '' , `` this was inevitable '' , `` this was moral '' , `` this was our fault '' , most of which stinks of gaslighting . 
  as of yet , not a single person has explained to me why the * prior * for the media and government appears to be that refugees obtain permanent status as residents . 
  this is because there * is no centrist explanation * . 
  the most likely answer is that some governments have indulged in treason . 
  at no point were the public ever asked their opinion on the matter , they were told to shut the fuck up and accept it or they were unpleasant persons . 
   hell if you look at gdp ppp we 're talking # 30 . 
  it is a particularly unequal society which is normal for countries that depend so heavily on resource extraction ( the other sa is another example ) , if you look to per capita then it is # 88 , # 87 or # 94 depending on your source . 
  most people in this country are poor , not prosperous . 
   the south africa that doubled it 's population since 1970 ? 
  that 's a twofold increase , not 8 fold . 
  in that moment i was thinking of the majority share of the population , the bantu/zulu etc but that does seem to be off , that looks to be a 4 fold increase which is what you get for iircing on the internet i suppose . 
  i think you 're missing the core point i was making . 
  population growth without corresponding economic growth leads to poverty . 
   we shipped africa in general clothing and food which lead to those local industries dying off or not even getting off the ground . 
  i 'm not arguing that point . 
  it 's not something i approve of either . 
   you just picked the most developed african country , one that shows the slowing down growth rate i was talking about that comes with education , basic wealth and medical availability you should talk to south africans sometime , they 'll be happy to tell you everything you mentioned has gotten worse . 
  south africa * was * a developed country , it has rapidly gone in the opposite direction for a long time now . 
  life span has shrunk by a decade since ' 94 . 
  it is a country with crumbling infrastructure hugely dependent on commodity prices going up that can not take many shocks , it is fragile . 
  you should be very aware that most numbers the government gives are not real . 
  the government is # 1 for making up numbers . 
   because you had such a negative image in your head that you could n't even imagine it looking any better than that . 
  these things are negative !, 
  if sa was doing wonderfully , there would be no shortage of stories in our media about it because it 'd lend credence to their political ideals . 
  do you believe south africa is a place with higher real gdp ( adjusted by ppp ) per capita in 1 decade ? 
  is that a bet you 're willing to make ? 
  i 'll tell you , i am happy to take the other side of that bet . 
  nothing serious , just to check in ten years to see who won . 
  how about that . 
   press freedom index , democracy index these are exactly the kind of things that are not trustworthy or which miss the point . 
  would you rather live in south africa , greece , poland or hungary ? 
  there are two types of people . 
  foxes and hedgehogs . 
  foxes are right about lots of things , hedgehogs about one big thing . 
  because you 're thinking like a fox , it makes it harder to see that a hedgehog got that one giant thing right , and that becomes more important than anything else . 
  crazy people being crazy requires no explanation . 
  he could have been crawling up the walls covered in his own shit . 
  the thing that matters is that he ( as with a small group of people with similar ideas ) got something extremely strange correct . 
  that 's what is important , that is what is anomalous . 
  this is the bit i suspect you do n't have an explanation for . 
  if you do , by all means tell me what it is . 
  these are not parallel situations .
