hey , satellite was good !, 
  no tribute could be more fitting . 
  he deserves to be honoured , we should name lots of things after him !, 
  last year i was out to perth when there was a fair bit of snow , headed back to glasgow and there was only a dusting on the ground . 
  would have been nice to have a bit more but at least it was n't causing havoc with traffic !, 
  definitely !, 
  i was in edinburgh last year when their christmas market was up , they 'd the same sort of stands but it just was n't the same without snow . 
  my family went to munich for a holiday one year , partially to visit the christmas markets . 
  it was cold and snowy and there was a great buzz around the place , brilliant experience . 
  i do n't feel that all of this is properly explaining why we do n't speak irish . 
  i 've already said that irish does still exist but as it has less of a use in the modern world , it has a different place now than the one it used to have . 
  we 're taught the language in school for fourteen years but the education system when it comes to languages is dire . 
  most people grow up hating learning it , which obviously has an effect on its use outside of school hours . 
  it 's more of a `` you have to learn this thing and do exams in it '' than , `` this is a part of your culture , let 's celebrate it , learn more about it and use it whenever we can '' . 
  and at the end of the day , it just is n't all that useful in ordinary life - you might say that 's an appalling way to view it , but it is true . 
  english is used in business , legal affairs and in the government , arguably the most important basis of a country . 
  reviving a language is n't something that happens with the click of a finger , and to make it massively widespread as a first language in the country would require an overhaul to the education system and a lot of our infrastructure that was n't ( and still is n't ) in the government 's interest or budget . 
  so yes , the majority of the population do n't speak * as gaeilge * most of the time . 
  but being irish is n't just about speaking the language on a daily basis ; being able to speak german does n't make you a german person , after all . 
  we 've got so much more to us that makes us who and what we are . 
  and because of how things have developed , we do n't feel that we need the language to define us as a people or as a nation . 
  we do n't want it to fade out of existence , but most of us do n't feel the need to use it every day . 
  it 's an attitude that would have to be changed to get more people to speak it more often . 
  but most people do n't feel that it 's an attitude that * needs * to be changed . 
  personally i 'd love to have it grow even more - and for the government to bring in a programme like the welsh did to give their language a boost . 
  but as i mentioned previously , it 's more than likely that we wo n't be seeing that any time in the near future . 
  we did n't throw it away on a whim . 
  it was squeezed into decline . 
  starting mainly in the 18th century , the english ( who ruled ireland under penal law ) highly discouraged the use of irish as they wanted to keep a firm hold on the country . 
  the language was prohibited in schools , both speaking it and teaching though and about it . 
  although priests tried to teach in illegal hedge schools ( catholicism was forbidden , with priests being forced to leave the country or hide ) , proper teaching of the language in schools affected its use . 
  an influx of english landowners and businesses also increased the use of an aibility to speak english , as those with the money and power were n't the natives . 
  the english used their language for administrative and legal dealings , and made our people do the same , so irish was prevented from being used in all of the important dealings in the country , which had a huge impact . 
  when penal laws began to get a bit more relaxed in the mid 18th century , a lot of higher class irish people who still spoke as gaeilge started to adapt lives more similar to the english wealthy who had moved over , and as such started speaking in english on a day to day basis . 
  when the famine hit ( 1846-48 ) , a lot of the people who were killed or forced to emigrate were lower-class citizens who still largely spoke only in irish , so the language suffered a massive hit then . 
  it actually nearly became extinct at that point , but irish scholars helped to bring a revival of sorts into the country . 
  irish still has n't recovered from all of this , and while it 's the first official language of our country , it 's highly unlikely that it 's ever going to become our primary language due to the historical influence of the english on our country . 
  people are still proud of our national language , but history and circumstances have affected the way we use it today . 
  i can speak it , although i 'm not fluent ; it 's my second language as i was brought up speaking english , like most people in my country . 
  we 're not trying to erase our language or history , but as we 're so close to england , their affect on our language use was huge . 
  in the modern world , english remains far more useful than irish , so we 've developed our own set of dialects of it . 
  who knows , what with government changes to the education system and people wanting to increase the amount of our population who can speak the language , it could continue to grow . 
  regardless , we still have our own culture and traditions that exist using and beside the irish language . 
  i do n't completely agree with you about that . 
  in ( the republic of ) ireland we have two official languages , irish and english , although the majority of the country speak english as their day-to-day language and the number of fluent irish speakers is small . 
  kids learn irish in school from age 5 to 18 , so everyone gets a background knowledge of it . 
  we have the gaeltacht ( irish speaking areas ) and our road signs have irish as well as english on them , so it is n't completely out of everyday life . 
  however , most people choose not to use it once they leave secondary school . 
  the fact of the matter is that english is an extremely handy language to have , as it 's commonly used in european business dealings . 
  it 's also the language of our closest neighbours , whose economy and trade is tied to ours . 
  we 've taken it and made our own set of dialects ( hiberno-english ) that serve us well in everyday life . 
  we still have our landscape , music , history , traditions and culture that help to define us as a people . 
  maybe we do n't speak in irish a lot of the time , but language use changes and we have n't completely abandoned it . 
  i can see how in other countries this could be different , as we 've been independent for nearly a hundred years and are now on generally good terms with our neighbours ( usually only negative at a small level , like digs when england lose a sports event ) . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  obviously germany 's one of the main powers in europe , but i do n't see it as only having two sides - not all of western europe are extremely close to germany . 
  generally the irish tend to get on well with most people , even if we come from a different culture to them . 
  oops , my bad - did n't get much sleep last night so missed that !, 
  what country are you from , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i have n't lived in france but went on holidays in the north , south and south-east when i was younger . 
  the people were always at the very least least tolerant of english-speaking tourists ( we spoke in french when ordering in restaurants etc but would still chat to each other in english ) , but upon discovering we were irish , they were very friendly towards us . 
  eh , the uk have tried to invade everything quite a lot in their history , but i 'm not sure that they 're hated so much as to being reviled by mainland europe . 
  taking good spots by the beach can be achieved by anybody that gets up early enough ; germans are known for being super organised in their sun-lounger-by-the-pool towel-claiming in holiday spots because they get up earlier than other tourists who just want to sleep in . 
  i think it 's fair enough . 
  as to accents , we all find them different to listen to . 
  somebody speaking your language when they were raised with another generally ca n't achieve the same accent as a native . 
  and as for cheese , a lot of countries enjoy foods or drinks that other countries would think is odd ; if they 've made a speciality of culturing different cheese types then that 's their thing . 
  better than the processed plastic stuff , for sure . 
  exactly . 
  last year i got into a huge converstaion with an american ex-military guy on imgur . 
  i kind of presumed that we 'd agree on a lot of things , but it really opened my eyes to how just sharing a language does n't guarantee your viewpoints to be similar . 
  his view of the us was of a young , energetic country always the first to lend a hand in sorting thigs out in the world . 
  specifically , he takled about stepping in to do help in clearing up conflicts , with the middle east specifically in mind . 
  now i do n't know about you , but it always seemed to me that they were going too far to get involved in affairs that were n't really their business in those countries . 
  declaring war does n't at all seem to have helped smooth things out over there , right ? 
  but he spoke of how america had swooped in to fix things without much thanks from the rest of the world . 
  even now , i 'm living in the uk and though obviously they speak english , their views are different from the irish people 's ones . 
  i did n't say we revile the uk , it 's not as strong as that . 
  we 're pretty neutral in regards to france - to most of the continent , really . 
  why such strong hate ? 
  ah here now , have you looked at the junk the uk 's been putting forward in the last ten years of eurovision ? 
  no chance they 're going to win ( not that we 've been doing any better ! ), 
  i would n't consider us particularly close to the us , canada , new zealand or australia . 
  sure , we have a history of emigration ( to the us and austalia , mainly ) and yes , people still travel to those countries , but we 're not near any of them distance-wise . 
  we 're close to the uk , partially due to physical proximity and also because our economy is quite dependent on theirs , as most of our trade is done with them . 
  there is still a bit of resentment towards britain ( more specifically , england ) sometimes because of our history , though it differs between people . 
  i 'm living in the uk at the moment and am pretty sure that they consider themselves closer to other european countries too . 
  yes , maybe both of us speak the same language as the us etc , but we 're not close to the majority of them and our cultures , economies and viewpoints of the world are quite different . 
  the republic of ireland is not part of britain or the united kingdom . 
  northern ireland is not part of britain but is part of the united kingdom . 
  northern ireland is n't part of the republic . 
  yup . 
  we get on with the uk as they 're our neghbours and all that , but when it comes to sports , it 's anyone but england, 
  i think of it as an extended family whose members are closer to some of their relatives than others . 
  i do n't think they understood the whole having to be legally registered as either male or female at birth in most countries and how this person had that changed, 
  no , but on birth certificates in most countries , babies have to be registered as either male or female , so intersex people are usually forced to be legally recognised as one of those . 
  this person 's birth cert listed them as male but after bringing it to court , they 've been legally recognised as intersex rather than having to be registered as either male or female . 
  apparently germany were the first european country to allow newborns to be registered as indeterminate sex , in 2013 . 
  we do n't have gaelic in ireland , we have english and irish ( gaeilge ) . 
  gaelic is the scotland 's celtic language .
