what is for you a modern leftist ? 
  social justice warrior . 
  someone for whom feels  reals , and any actual debate over an issue is to be immediately shouted down . 
  everybody is in favour of accepting refugees , but it 's the left that is in favour of mass unchecked migration . 
  i 'm going to guess you 've never actually been faced with the scum of society . 
  there are some people who simply do n't deserve what breivik is asking for . 
  i 'd say he lost his right to equal treatment by the state when he killed a bunch of kids though . 
  the fact his cell is basically an apartment is bad enough . 
  you 're right , we do n't know who half of these people are . 
  so why take the risk of letting them in ? 
  their countries are shitholes for a reason , and you ca n't blame it all on colonialism and the white man . 
  territorial waters extend 12 nautical miles , which is why you park the fleet 14 miles from the coast . 
  as far as i 'm aware , there are no laws or conventions that prevent this . 
  it 's incredibly feasible given the relative size of european navies and the amount of territory a single ship can cover . 
  that 's not even taking into account aerial patrols either . 
  there are dramatically less people coming to australia these days . 
  conditions on manus are questionable at best , but the policy at it 's core is sound . 
  it just needs to be run a bit better . 
   the us military has always been perfectly willing to slaughter an arbitrarily high number of innocent people to secure its strategic interests . 
  if required , yes , civilians are simply considered collateral damage . 
  what the us does n't do is set out with the goal of killing civilians . 
  their goal is to kill terrorists , even if a few civilians have to die too . 
  if there was a way to kill terrorists with zero civilian casualties , the us would jump on it . 
  those jets only got that close because the ship allowed them to . 
  they could have shot them down from 100 miles away if they 'd wanted to . 
  it 's just not a good idea to shoot down a russian jet . 
  they do need those though , since there 's a proven risk of coming up against a jihadist with an ak these days . 
  whoa whoa whoa , let 's not tarnish the name of a good goat like that . 
  can i just say that there 's clearly a fucking problem when your police need more than a taser and a glock . 
  even american cops keep their ar-15 's in the car 90 % of the time . 
  i 'd like to introduce you to a man called george , he did n't seem that popular in europe around a decade ago . 
  how is so crazy that someone might not be totally male or totally female ? 
  because you are either male or female . 
  biological fact , unless you 're one of those few exceptions with both sets of plumbing . 
  i can identify as an apache attack helicopter all i want , but it does n't change the fact that i am a male . 
  [ here 's a handy guide to let you know if you qualify ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d3/f5/f0/d3f5f0abc2c4dd0028b6b254d6f579f2.jpg ) as long as you come here legally and do n't rock up on an unseaworthy dingy then we 've got no problem with immigrants . 
  you should give it a try . 
  personally i 'd recommend new zealand so you do n't spend 90 % of your time traveling like we do but it 'd definitely be a good experience . 
  you 'd need to be a permanent resident here first , but once you 've managed that you can enlist at any time . 
  it 's actually a fast track way to get citizenship , since you 're required to take it out as soon as you 're able and by serving you qualify a lot faster . 
  i think it 's 6 months or so of service before you become a citizen . 
  dual citizenship is a case-by-case basis for them . 
  i 'd probably have trouble if i was chinese or russian but there 's little doubt they 'd take issue with an australian . 
  i 've met australians serving in the us military too , so while anecdotal there 's that . 
  i can join the british military , the canadian military and the us military fairly easily . 
  the rest of nato i 'm pretty sure i need to be a citizen of that country , but the australian government would n't stop me enlisting with them . 
  it 's less you 're allowed to fight for them and more we do n't stop jews from doing their mandatory service in the idf . 
  i 'm pretty sure most mandatory service countries get a pass too , though we wo n't force you to go back there and enlist . 
   `` we have no file on him and it is not forbidden to travel to syria and fight against bashar '' the australian government will throw me in jail if i fight for anybody other than the adf , nato , israel and new zealand . 
  they 've also effectively barred all travel to syria . 
  does n't matter who you want to fight for , it 's against the law to do it . 
  does europe really not have similar laws ? 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/03/22/u-s-officials-bash-shitty-belgian-security-forces.html ), 
  yeah , hindsight is 20/20 . 
  people are annoyed at belgium though because you 're acting like you do n't need to step up your game . 
  us intelligence considers your security services to be helpless children for a reason . 
  you 're not far off it actually . 
  we 're pushing our infrastructure to the limits these days , i doubt we 'd be able to support too many more people without some serious upgrade work being done . 
   i know australia is already getting pretty fed up with the monarchy , so this is pretty much a non-point . 
  yeah nah not quite mate we love the queen , we 're not keen on king charlie but we 're not in any rush to become a republic . 
  given that he 's likely to drop off before the queen does , king william does n't sound so bad . 
   my question would be what would uk/aus/nz think of american immigrants ? 
  probably what we think of them now , which is basically ` do n't be a cunt and we 'll get along great ', 
  yes , but very few birds can ascend straight up like a drone . 
  the time they spend circling around gaining altitude is more time for the drone to escape . 
  but you 're not poisoning the eagle . 
  you 're just feeding it the wrong drone . 
  you 're basically forcing the bird to sprint at that point though . 
  you do n't need to outrun it for long , just long enough that it runs out of energy to keep chasing you up . 
  drones can also go vertically , which birds ca n't . 
  * `` you are not obligated to set yourself on fire to keep others warm . 
  '' * altruism is all well and good when the people you 're trying to help actually want help . 
  all these migrants seem to want is a free house , a car and a job paying $ 200,000 / year . 
  you 're missing his point . 
  why is it the west 's job to save the world ? 
  from an outside observers perspective ? 
  france is . 
  you 're letting these migrants dictate terms to you when the only thing they should get a say in is juice or water on the flight home . 
  quite frankly , your government looks weak and ineffectual . 
  not even worked up mate , and he seems to be defending turkey a lot for someone who is n't turkish . 
  because in the civilized world we ask permission before doing something like that , something that you do n't seem to understand . 
  if nato does it anyway and turkey sinks the ship , you can expect the rest of the world to look away once your idiot president pushes russia too far . 
  you are n't getting it . 
  there is no possible way for turkey to spin it into them being the good guy . 
  shooting down a russian jet is one thing , sinking another nato country 's warship is entirely another . 
  it 's probably one of the easiest ways for turkey to get thrown out of nato , whether the ship had permission to be there or not . 
  sinking it is not a justified response . 
   chemo will actually always kill you eventually . 
  it 's poison . 
  my aunt had chemo , if anything she 'll likely live longer than if she had n't had it . 
  how 'd the chemo kill her again ? 
  chemo is bad for you sure , but it 's worse for the cancer . 
  the question is are you willing to endure short term pain for long term gain ? 
   why are we condemning those who are n't refugees for being adventure seekers when that is what most of our young people do . 
  because the rest of us have to get visas and a whole lot of paperwork to be going adventuring through europe , and we 're expected to support ourselves while doing so . 
  if you 're a refugee , you do n't get to decide the handouts are n't big enough . 
  you should be fucking grateful there are countries in the world willing to give you one . 
  if turkey shoots at a nato ship they ca n't call article 5 . 
  they 're the ones who will have shot first , they 're the aggressors .
