now i 'm hungry !, 
  why would this be bad ? 
  so let 's assume parliament blocks brexit and the pendulum swings towards a 52 % remain and 48 % leave level of support country wide , what happens to the uk within the eu ? 
  do we keep all our opt outs we currently have , the rebate etc ? 
  how does the uk get treated in the future on eu decisions ? 
  the amount of vile hatred aimed towards the uk , both by european statesmen and citizens can not just disappear right ? 
  we can never , ever , go back to being a proper member of the eu after this whole mess . 
  would the rest of europe not just write us off as a nation even if we stayed , and take a punishing revenge stance against the uk on anything we try to accomplish ? 
  genuinely interested in opinions here , because as a quiet brexiter who did not know which option he was going to choose when he voted , who had only the thinnest margins in his heart which lead to him voting leave , i feel that there 's no way we can ever go back to being a full and proud member of the eu . 
  how on earth can we ever cooperate , when the true face of europe revealed itself and showed the contempt they hold britain with ? 
  it 's boring . 
  the referendum need not make anybody suffer if it is handled like adults . 
  if it is handled like petulant children , seeking to punish either side , then yes it will be painful . 
  for both sides . 
  oh we are still doing this ? 
  this is one of the funniest things i 've read on reddit hahah , you sir are amazing !, 
  irrelevant . 
  petitions have no power , this country will never close itself to immigrants . 
  much appreciated !, 
  off topic , but could you tell me how to pronounce ljubljana please ? 
  i 've always wanted to know and never had the opportunity to ask somebody !, 
  clever , 
  you come across as an edgy early tween , who was probably the cleverest guy in his school class , who thought he could speak an opinion about a subject he 's only read about on reddit , and now someone who works in this industry and is vastly more qualified on this subject shuts you down , you are desperately scrabbling to maintain your face . 
  bow out already lol , you look bloody foolish man . 
  we will go to canzuk countries instead , no biggie . 
  i agree, 
  while i disagree with hi , he said it as brexit being an excuse for a trade war the us wants ... 
  one guys opinion in the rag that claims to be a newspaper . 
  do n't believe this shit lol, 
  i knew it would be linked to london . 
  this is part of the reason why many of us in the uk would sigh with relief if brexit caused london to lose some of its financial primacy . 
  it is like an evil empire with tendrils in everything illicit : /, 
  and i thought it was just us british being the evil bankers of the world hah ... 
  i voted brexit but i agree with you . 
  i think there 's gon na be a long negotiation then the uk will decide not to leave in return for incredibly minor concessions which make us feel like a special snowflake . 
  your not the largest economy in the world post brexit , just fyi, 
  if it 's any consolation , the one event that i really passionately wanted a specific winner , was germany in the football . 
  even coming second overall had n't made up for my heart break at the result :( - edit - why would that be consolation , apologies hah :(, 
  what exactly did you see ? 
  i just looked and hardly any of the posts were abut brexit , they were about a wide range of subjects , expressing both for and against ideas within them subjects . 
  did you even go there lol ? 
  or are you just repeating the anti uk bias on this sub ... 
  did you mean the best ones are british / us ? 
  because your first post says that they are n't , which is where the confusion is coming from . 
  it appears like you dragged them two out to say they are n't best , for no reason , in a post about germany ... 
  i too could not see 5 european teams hah , who 's the fifth ???? 
  the doping issue is a shame , i felt so bad for the russian athletes taking part . 
  hopefully in 2020 the full russian team can take part , in which case you guys will be top 3 i 'm certain !, 
  how about both ? 
  i voted to leave the eu as opposed to staying in it , other consequences that happen because of it we will see . 
  i voted leave . 
  nothing to do with immigration , i support free movement of people . 
  do n't presume to speak for me with your `` common knowledge '' lol, 
  harmonising our laws would still be us deciding on each case to do so . 
  anyways i 'm done with this discussion , there 's no argument here . 
  my point is incredibly simple . 
  it 's a binary bloody point , so not add complexity to it for gods sake . 
  i 've stated clearly that meeting my point could cost britain everything , and it 's a price worth paying . 
  everything else is stuff i would be willing to negotiate on . 
  end of story , i will not be replying to you again friend . 
  you keep adding complexity to my point . 
  there 's no entitlement at all . 
  i 've said the uk should be the ultimate arbiter of law over uk citizens , other than that i have no problem with the eu . 
  free movement of people , joining schengen , contributing to the budget , and some kind of single market access . 
  i 'm well aware that full access requires abiding by eu laws , so i 'd accept a lesser access to the market to get around this . 
  the u.k. will pay in , allow free movement , even agree to harmonise our laws , all to retain a degree of access that both sides find acceptable , but there can be no power over our own elected officials , even if that sadly costs us the single market and free movement . 
  even if our economy massively declines , and we become 15th economy in the world , it is a price worth paying . 
  nothing at all is too small a price to pay , to have british sovereignty and `` freedom '' . 
  too many people for a thousand years have fought to keep us free of a foreign power , no matter how benign that power is ( like the eu ) it is simply unacceptable . 
  there 's no need to build my point up to some complex thing , literally it 's simple . 
  i start with a framework of britain decides for britain , after that red line is in the sand , we negotiate . 
  i 'd give you every thing the eu wants , but this red line can not , ever , be crossed , regardless of the cost . 
  i did n't vote against my interests . 
  my vote is a simple one , it 's beautiful in its simplicity . 
  british people should be the ultimate authority over british people . 
  i love europe , i want open borders with you guys , i want a single market , i do n't even see a problem with contributing to the eus budget , i just do not want a power above my sovereign parliament . 
  you are right about the british government being every bit as corrupt and bloated , but it 's my corrupt and bloated government . 
  but you guys glorify if there 's negative news , blaming it on brexit . 
  you can not have it both ways , if you want to set a narrative , bloody stick to it !, 
  here you go people . 
  this is the new fashionable reply to use . 
  `` brexit hasnt happened yet !!!!!!! '', 
  but any bad news wont have this response , they will say `` see brexit is bad '' . 
  why ? 
  what prejudice ? 
  and the canvas !, 
  i voted brexit . 
  i do not want a special status . 
  i want free movement of people , i want single market access , i just do not want to be governed by a corrupt and bloated eu bureaucracy . 
  i want parliament to be the ultimate power broker of my life , but i absolutely love europe and every country within it . 
  because london is the financial capital of the entire planet because we are in the eu ... lol . 
  edit - this sub and its downvotes , you guys are cute :d, 
  downvoting reality seems to be a european standard tactic . 
  perhaps britain follow your lead ... 
  no you do n't , what a load of horse shit lol . 
  but they will try to down vote it and any comments on it !, 
  do n't lie . 
  the british media is almost unified in its disdain against the leave voters . 
  only the express and the other hideous right wing rags are even remotely positive about brexit . 
  you did n't read it until he pointed out you did n't read it , so you went and read it after the fact .
