  redditor are such children sometimes lol . 
  poor r/europe the silence is deafening . 
  good god man not an inquiry ? 
  how horrible . 
  he definitely does hah, 
  he not only ignored what you said , he compounded his stupidity . 
  if it 's any consolation you were and are absolutely right . 
  `` manpower '' is an irrelevant metric to measure military projection capability , if it was north korea would be a super power . 
  if you are incapable of delivering and supporting a military deployment then you can not project power . 
  only 3 countries have the ability to project power globally , the usa , france and uk , and the latter two arguably can not project power in isolation , they can only do so in coalition with allies , atleast long term . 
  having said all this , i think europe could theoretically develop a military projection capability that could stand toe to toe with the usa on many levels , if it has the political will to do so . 
  it has the technological and industrial ability to create an advanced military . 
  the only thing it lacks i think is the institutional inheritance of how how to field and command such a military , something which the french would have to take a lead on ( and the u.k. if it did n't vote brexit , or if some kind of doubtful deal is made where we are out of the eu but within a european defence framework ) . 
  i support a resurgent europe post brexit . 
  the world needs a multipolar system , and i feel europe is a voice the world desperately needs , if it just realised its potential . 
  i voted brexit btw , i think the uk leaving is better for both sides , if only you guys would stop seeing us as the enemy because of our vote : / we are and always will be your friends , now the eu can become a true federal superstate to rival the usa , something that will enrich the world . 
  good luck with that honey , 
  or until it 's expanded upon and grown within the uk ... you know investment . 
  what a deafening silence from r/europe hah, 
  you are the one who judged me idiotic instantly because i voted leave yet support free movement of people . 
  far too quick to judge . 
  what 's idiotic about it ? 
  i do not want political union with europe , so i voted to end political union with europe . 
  i do however passionately support free movement across europe and a single free trade area . 
  i do not even hate the idea of paying into the eu budget if it 's what 's needed for market access . 
  what about this is idiotic ? 
  i did not vote to leave the eu because of immigration . 
  easy to understand right ? 
  i 've just said i support free movement of people ? 
  try reading what i said again . 
  i voted brexit because i believe in parliamentary sovereignty and i think the eurozone and wider eu is heading for financial armageddon . 
  but i love free movement of people and hope the uk keeps it . 
  - edit - iphone changed people to rope . 
  i do not know where i stand on free movement of rope ... 
  i 'm a brexiter and i support free movement of people . 
  is there no way we can have brexit and maintain free movement ? 
  my vote had fuck all to do with immigration and i will be gutted if i ca n't hangout with europeans in my local bar like i can now . 
  any dual citizenships available ? 
  i voted brexit and i 'll miss you germans the most :p you guys are amazing . 
  if the whole eu thing ever falls apart , give us a call , we would happily form a union with just you  love brexiter ( i 'm not being sarcastic , i love you guys ! ), 
  ryanair is really milking brexit for pr eh ? 
  it 's a dozen articles every day , threatening woe and ill tides for us . 
  simple fact is , brits like to travel . 
  if ryanair leaves the market somebody else will step in , probably a better company since ryanair is shit . 
  next . 
  and it will help with the border with northern ireland , good idea !, 
  come back to us republican irish , it 's the only fair way to handle this . 
  while we are at it , let 's all support catalan independence along with scottish !, 
  i also voted leave . 
  i love poles and romanians . 
  i would have a brexit while maintaining freedom of movement if i could . 
  sick of you fools painting me as racist , my vote has nothing to do with immigration , i just do not want a political union with you . 
  is it so complicated to understand ? 
  indeed !, 
  like you say the uk no longer has the eu as an excuse , you guys no longer have us as a convenient excuse to put off the reforms you need , but that your electorates detest . 
  you have a very tricky path ahead of you . 
  no they wanted a vote rigged towards their bias . 
  they excluded people they knew for certain would vote against what they wanted with a clever little ruling , they are trying to do it again by allowing eu nationals to vote in indyref2 . 
  let 's not get into who 's allowed to vote and when . 
  in the indyref the snp blocked any scottish person who was n't living in scotland from voting , because scots living and working in ruk are more likely to be unionists , did n't they also push to allow any eu national living in scotland a right to vote ? 
  get the hell outta here . 
  keep repeating it in all your replies hah , maybe it will come true ... 
  you use polls to prove your assertion then when polls are used to show you are wrong , you imply polls are shit ? 
  you are stupid . 
  like after the brexit referendum a petition was posted all over this sub that had millions of votes for a second referendum , votes from places like vatican city and north korea ... 
  genuinely thought this too . 
  even read the title more than once to double check !, 
  we should protect them . 
  it should not be a bargaining chip or political tool to wield that we protect them , it should just be done . 
  it should n't be dependent on what they choose to spend , if they spent 96 % of their gdp on defence we should still be there , alongside them as friends . 
  my two cents . 
  if they significantly block brexit , they are dead . 
  the government will come for them with all guns blazing . 
  and there 's no opposition to block them , the lords is like the official opposition to the government at the moment , it 's crazy . 
  i may be wrong though it 's just my read of the situation, 
  i hope the citizenship process is not too stressful , you are very welcome in the uk and i hope you have a wonderful life here my friend , i voted brexit but you will always be welcome here , as will other europeans . 
  i disagree . 
  european immigration has enriched my life so much and helped the uk economy to a ridiculous degree . 
  the biggest thing that gave pause to my brexit vote was the potential loss of this immigration , but i believe europeans will always want to come here , as we will always want to go there , a few forms and queues at the border will not stop this . 
  i respect your opinion , but disagree with you vehemently !, 
  national headlines in ireland if a british bank suggests they might send 12 jobs to dublin ... but nice sarcasm hah, 
  get a grip of yourself man lol . 
  i voted brexit , i do n't care if we negotiate a `` good deal '' as long as we leave , but i wish nothing bad against europe . 
  the eu citizens already here are huge contributors to our country and britain must never turn its back on european defence . 
  we are family , i just do n't want a bloody politics union with you guys , but i love you all !, 
  and we still pay while still in , do we not ? 
  i wonder why this sub is n't supporting this independence movement as vehemently as they are scotland 's ? 
  we funded the eu , it was a net loss for the uk , what 's selfish about that ? 
  do not listen to this subreddit or the uk one . 
  the u.k. has a singular goal with brexit , and that is brexit . 
  any terms and conditions are up for negotiation , but if at the end of it no deal is reached , no fta , this is an acceptable outcome because we will be leaving the european union . 
  obviously it would be better for everyone if the process of leaving had minimised economic impact on the uk and reu , but we have only one stated aim . 
  a good deal is one where we leave the union . 
  anything else is a bonus . 
  lack of anything else is acceptable . 
  wanting what every country on earth outside the eu has is not egoist . 
  get a grip of yourself foolish child . 
  if i leave my apartment early , despite committing to a 6 month lease , i forfeit my deposit but do n't pay rent every month . 
  if i cancel my sky subscription early , despite signing up for a commitment of x months ( which got me free connection and box ) i may pay a fee for breaking contract early , i do not pay the bill for the full run . 
  all this `` brexiters demand blabla from europe '' is bollocks .
