  we do n't want a magical deal from the eu , forcing them on their knees . 
  we want the uk to leave the eu . 
  that 's it . 
  everything else is up for debate , terms , conditions . 
  it was stated very clearly from the start that getting nothing from the eu to achieve this , no negotiated deal , is acceptable if it achieves our singular goal of exiting the european union . 
  stick on all sorts of bullshit you want , about we did n't know it would mean leaving single market , that we want our cake and to eat it , that we were misinformed about the economic cost , but that 's a lie . 
  you also need to stop painting the brexit vote as about immigration , some may have voted for that reason but a lot did n't . 
  it was a very nuanced issue for most people , an incredibly hard decision to make , to reduce this down to such a ridiculously simple explanation is insulting and demeans you as a person . 
  salty motherfucker lol, 
  the only salty one i see is you lol, 
  and yet you think all the banks will move to the continent ? 
  lmao . 
  :( it 's also something i hope does not happen so i will retract it !, 
  i hope brexit makes the eu sort it 's shit out , the world needs a strong eu . 
  well when the euro collapses starting with the italian banking collapse , i 'm sure it will even itself out , 
  counter trade tariffs = # # #, 
  possibly . . 
  wherever !, 
  unbanning rt would be good because it atleast gives you a flavour of what `` the other side '' is talking about , this adds value and understanding . 
  the dm is gutter trash and i 'm glad i do n't have to suffer it here !, 
  could quite well be !, 
  the u.k. could develop its own system in 3-5 years quite easily , we have the capability and always have . 
  it 's cheaper for us to let the us foot that bill however , allowing us to spend the savings elsewhere . 
  it 's entirely independent . 
  it 's no different to using a weapon made in sweden , it does not mean sweden control said weapon . 
  british submarine technology is used on us nuclear subs , this does . 
  it mean we control their nukes . 
  god please never allow the daily mail on here . 
  it would contribute nothing to the community . 
  no it dosnt . 
  the woman who has conceivably destroyed european unity for a generation has no moral ground to hold any such mantle . 
  get a grip of yourself . 
  are you retarded ? 
  this sub is massively anti uk-usa !, 
  let me just say , i voted brexit but i like free movement . 
  i hate being painted as a racist . 
  the us has got a lot of hate in europe for years now , uk since brexit , but there 's definitely an underlying contempt for the anglosphere on this sub . 
  best way to treat it is to laugh and shake your head , it 's the same old sneering contempt europeans have always had . 
  it just changes form every few years . 
  reduce , not eliminate . 
  to behave fairly . 
  what rules are we asking you to make an exception of ? 
  we do n't want single market access and we do n't want full customs union access , we just want what you already offer turkey , canada or south korea , a chance at a fair trade deal . 
  then from your side we have rhetoric about punishing britain , about the eu economically self harming just to prove a point , about rigging things so that the uk can go down in flames as a warning to anybody else about leaving . 
  that 's the childishness . 
  we did n't close it . 
  to say we did is to say every nine eu country has closed its borders . 
  it 's simply not true . 
  i did t say that . 
  i specifically said punitive . 
  please quote where i said i want the uks utmost desires pleased . 
  we are aware what negotiation means and that both sides will have to come down on points , but this does not mean we ca n't reach a fair deal we can both be happy with . 
  punitive is one where the only goal is to punish the uk , which some eurocrats have called for . 
  trade changes . 
  your loss . 
  because brexit was never a single issue thing . 
  i voted to leave because i think the eu is failing and the u.k. remaining inside only increases that failure . 
  i would have liked a full usa style federal europe , with a strong united outlook on the world , it would be a force for tremendous good in the world and i would have put every fibre of my being into supporting such a things . 
  but it 's a pipe dream , and the u.k remaining inside as a reluctant passenger on a half hearted journey towards a sort of ( but sort of not ) federal union , which is weak on external security , weak on defence , weak on unity , was not an option i considered palatable . 
  my hope is that without us inside , you will find a will to grow closer , to face the difficult decisions ahead , and become the super power you have the potential to become . 
  i genuinely hope the eu can become the most perfect , powerful and fairest corner of the globe , even with the u.k independent of it . 
  i would n't mind keeping freedom of movement fyi , as long as external borders were secured . 
  we have diversified our economy and now dominate several key markets , the world is also a much different place . 
  enjoy your pessimism , i genuinely wish you and the eu all the best . 
  i love polish immigration , i think they are one of the greatest things to happen to the uk in a long time , they have enriched my life and my county to a degree i can never quantify . 
  likewise , i am proud of my countries history of taking refugees and sheltering them . 
  long may we continue to do so . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i am hopeful about the european people . 
  i do not think europe even should the eu collapse ( which i hope never happens ) will devolve into warring nation states . 
  where do you get that from what i said ? 
  my point is simple . 
  as a union the eu now has a chance to either demonstrate its maturity and prove wrong the things said about it , to walk into a future with strong friends and clear vision . 
  or , it can be a belligerent little cunt , trying to punish the uk because we decided to leave , showing its own critics internally and externally what a horrible protection racket it is , which in my opinion will be looked back upon as the day the whole house of cards started collapsing . 
  we will still be here !, 
  we are not brexiting from europe , just a political union , 
  i realise how upset a lot on this sub are with the u.k , i wo n't take it personal . 
  once your tempers get under control , once you cool down and brexit is settled , we will continue to be your friend and ally . 
  until then , have at us , we can take it , 
  did we really ? 
  i 'm sure i just heard the prime minister announce to the world everybody is welcome . 
  just because it 's not absolute free movement does not mean the draw bridge is raised . 
  possibly , delusional to expect eurocrats to behave like adults and statesmen . 
  you realise trade does not take a 9 week journey in a wooden ship anymore ? 
  do you have the vision to recognise a chance for the eu and uk to walk forwards into future as friends and allies , free to be who we want to be without fear of pushing the other somewhere they do n't want to go , a prosperous future for both ? 
  if so , clap , clap and work with us . 
  do want to punish the uk for daring to leave , have punitive negotiations and determine that we have to fail for you to succeed ? 
  then cry . 
  cry that you have started the death of the union you so love . 
  the very act of trying to punish the uk will signal to the world what a protection racket you are , you will inflame independence movements across the continent and show the world what a declining power europe has become . 
  the choice is in you guys hands now , no matter what you chose we will tighten our belts and carry on , it 's the british way . 
  i fear you guys however wo n't . 
  will we have tariff free trade on all that salt you 're exporting ? 
  not even going to dignify you with a response while people still live who suffered to help fight for your freedom . 
  and who continue to put their lives at risk all over europe . 
  that 's a lot of pieces !, 
  it 's a looming disaster to threaten people to keep them in . 
  how about you use this whole thing as a chance to engage in serious soul searching and find out what sort of eu you want . 
  if you must give a bad deal to a friend and ally to try scare everyone else into staying , then at some point in the future you will implode . 
  the eu is a wonderful idea , but it needs huge reform and discussion at the national level to figure out its vision .
