  where does it say we are closing our borders ? 
  we will have borders every bit as open as every nation on earth bar this weird little corner in europe . 
  we are opening ourselves to the world . 
  we are joining canada , china , usa , brazil , australia , japan etc etc in the `` none eu '' grave . 
  death does not seem so bad eh ? 
  we will both do fine . 
  the road may be a bit rocky for a few years but ultimately the eu will eager through its troubles stronger than ever , likewise the uk will find its feet . 
  let 's take this speech as an opportunity to recognise we are all european , and the eu is not the sum of our shared bond . 
  it is infact the smallest part of what unites us . 
  she also made it absolutely clear that we will accept no deal if we must . 
  so why not try to negotiate `` frictionless access '' as she said . 
  it is to both our economic benefits to seek to do so . 
  should the eu see no room to figure such a thing out , then so be it . 
  but why not try ? 
  it 's about being adult about the situation , not a petulant little brat . 
  did anybody state it was ? 
  but to a degree , it was because of a perception of british military prowess held by us military decision makers . 
  they gave helmand province specifically to the brits because it was one of the toughest parts of the country to try and hold . 
  it disguises itself as news and is spread as news , used as a primary source by idiots , so yes it is fake news . 
  the entire uk print journalist sector should be outright banned as a `` news source '' both left and right leaning rags . 
  by wanting to make our own decisions lol ? 
  get a grip you lunatic . 
  and a un security council seat ... 
  i 've met loads and it 's always confused me while enjoying the wooosh factor hah, 
  out of interest , and i genuinely mean this with no ill will and feeling warmly amused about it , but how on earth do you not pick up on that lol ? 
  did your brain think `` good god he does not realise this ones true , time to show him ! '' ? 
  it boggles my mind hah, 
  why are you making this about brexit you cock womble lol, 
  :d i love you, 
  ok , thanks for telling us ... 
  i will speak anecdotally , so take it with a pinch of salt , but it 's my experience that polish ( and lithuanians to a lesser degree ) are incredibly well regarded , at least in my northern city . 
  it 's the potential loss of polish immigration that caused my biggest doubts in the referendum vote . 
  i think poland is a beautiful country and polish people massively enrich the united kingdom . 
  my two cents . 
  do you know what sarcasm means ? 
  it 's not just a word you roll out when you look a fool , to try undo the damage lol, 
  this hideous newspaper needs banning from this sub . 
  it 's as gutter trash as the express and its increasingly frustrating to see their clickbaity bullshit articles used on this subreddit . 
  i cancelled my monthly direct debit to msf ( doctors without borders ) because of all the bullshit politics they started getting into in last few years . 
  i donated to them for years . 
  do you know of any good , none political charities , that i can be confident a majority of my money will be used charitably to help people ? 
  i feel exactly the same !, 
  good god , you realise even the worse predictions from economists , the absolute worst case scenario situations that could arise , all say that in 10 years the effects of brexit will be absolutely minimal ? 
  we will be at worst a few percent smaller as an economy than we would have been . 
  get a grip of yourself ? 
  you make it seem like armageddon is coming to the uk and we are about to turn into venezuela hahah, 
  the eu is not europe . 
  this is not the eu sub . 
  get a grip of yourself girl, 
  what 's your point ? 
  i voted brexit but hope we keep freedom of movement !, 
  i never said anything about closer union . 
  i said political union . 
  i do n't want what we have now !, 
  it 's not a conspiracy it 's a reality . 
  i also think staying in halfheartedly would not have been fair to our european cousins , we were a roadblock . 
  i ca n't speak to other people 's reasons for voting . 
  it was me stood in that ballot box with a single x to place , and the margin between which box i marked was tight up until i voted , as the pencil hovered in the air above the paper . 
  i had to vote the option that felt right to me . 
  and i did . 
  long term it will work out . 
  we will not turn into venezuela right ? 
  did you just assume my battlefield ? 
  no generation does until it does . 
  unlike most people i do not write off millennials . 
  you get it . 
  very perceptive of you sir !, 
  every single brexiter i spoke to , including facebook groups like the bruge group , understood brexit would be damaging to our economy , in the short and medium term . 
  we accepted it . 
  the goal of brexit is many and varied depending on who you ask . 
  for me ? 
  a single issue . 
  i do n't want a political union with you . 
  i do n't care about immigration , heck i would have freedom of movement with europe because i 've never met one of you who i did n't like . 
  it 's not about returning to the glorious british empire . 
  it 's not about making britain great again . 
  it 's not about bendy bananas . 
  it 's not about seizing our fishing grounds . 
  i do n't want a political union . 
  it 's that simple . 
  i also disagree we will end in the gutter . 
  we are a modern , highly developed global economy , it will cost a few percentage of gdp , slow growth for a decade ( but we will still grow ) and we may face a few years of recession . 
  it 's a price i am willing to pay , and anecdotally all brexiters understood before the vote . 
  have a nice day , 
  how do you know how old i am ? 
  we have got through worse . 
  we will survive . 
  no matter how hard it will be . 
  can deny . 
  source : am british, 
  absolutely brilliant headline . 
  and yet the uk has no share in the eu assets we contributed to over years ... you guys crack me up . 
  i also wish you a nice day , 
  today we are all european . 
  for a little while atleast . 
  meaning is clear ... 
  insufferable for disagreeing with you ? 
  and pointing out your stupidity ? 
  wow . 
  no , you expressly linked being in the eu with being european .
