  fuck sake , i despise isis . 
  i 've never hated a group so much . 
  i always wondered about this , makes me wonder if things like team speak will be used . 
  that 's actually really good . 
  i think norman means norseman does n't it ? 
  all i know is that the anglo-saxon called the vikings the danes - hence the danelaw for example . 
  the only reason why religion should be in schools is purely to educate people on some of the main faiths . 
  christianity , islam , sikhism at the least . 
  also it should teach about atheism . 
  but it needs to be done at a good age , 15 or 16 . 
  hopefully through education we can teach kids go understand one another . 
  no , that would be hugely expensive for us . 
  we can barely care for our own people , so invading another country does n't sound sensible . 
  a gigantic mistake people without any political background said we would regret . 
  i do agree that muslims need to be integrated better . 
  the issue is that some simply refuse . 
  and when you have large amounts gathered in cities like london , birmingham and leicester , it wo n't help the situation . 
  also , banning the hijab hasnt happened . 
  the burqa is rightfully banned in france . 
  but was the main focus of britain during ww2 to butcher as many civilians as it could ? 
  if britain could have destroyed dresden with no casualties , we would have . 
  i 'm not painting an image of a peaceful europe . 
  we 've been tearing each other to prices for centuries . 
  but the main target has largely been armies . 
  civilians are targeted , the blitz for example , but they were not the main target , just a target . 
  vive la france !, 
  damn , sweden is so keen to destroy its cultural heritage . 
  i 've never seen a country so keen to get rid of it . 
  you should be grateful for the enrichment you will receive . 
  let 's all face the facts , europe is a place with little culture or history , we need to enrich it . 
  islamic extremism is happening . 
  this is going to happen again some time soon too . 
  this is the result of tolerating the intolerant . 
  but yeah , europe has never been a peaceful utopia . 
  but at least you could say that wars were fought by soldiers , civilians died but they were not the main targets . 
  edit : yes , civilians have been targeted throughout wars in history , and some events have been purely to attack civilians . 
  maybe i was a bit wrong on that one . 
  i do n't mind european immigration . 
  middle east and africa , that concerns me . 
  lol , you a hot meal ? 
  lucky cunt . 
  i just do n't remember it . 
  i was old enough but i do n't remember . 
  i was 14 at time ... 
  i know that now , i just do n't remember if i guess . 
  ah ok , i just did n't hear about it i guess at the time . 
  sure , it could be anyone , but its probably isis, 
  it 's just too fucked up . 
  oh do n't kid yourself . 
  i 'll give you my gaming pc if it is n't a bunch of muslims . 
  it 's a good idea to stabilise the eu first before looking outward . 
  over stretching will be our downfall otherwise . 
  plus , is turkey really european anyway ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  lord of the rings and harry potter , and that 's just the start of it . 
  i believe he has 3 middle names . 
  jack churchill is what you would say his name is . 
  churchill is the surname . 
  lol , i find it crazy that a country can struggle to help its own people , yet wants to help destroy someone else 's . 
  how the mighty have fallen . 
  seems now a days we tolerate everything and anything and are scared of not being politically correct . 
  it 's honestly humiliatingly sad when you see shit like this . 
  send them back , plain and simple . 
  could n't give a shit about these country shoppers . 
  * ca n't fund nhs * . 
  * bombs syria * logic . 
  a fate worse than death . 
  fuck off , if britain leaves that 's a huge blow to prestige . 
  especially if we do better than now, 
  god damn , nothing worse than ending up in australia !, 
  was n't alaric i king of the visigoths when they sacked rome ? 
  or am i thinking of the vandals ? 
  true , but the consequences of a war with usa , france , britain vs russia is nuclear war . 
  you 'll never successfully invade a nuclear nation . 
  i hope nobody tests it too . 
  nuclear weapons change everything . 
  go back 100 years and people were far more willing of course . 
  they have bases in the uk ( although i am not sure i like that ) , so they have power projection beyond nato . 
  i do n't really think the balance of power would shift over a small country or two , the americans have a huge navy . 
  britain has n't the money to go to war on a large scale . 
  i 'd rather leave the us too it if they insist . 
  we do n't need to be involved in another world war . 
  this is the thing though . 
  is it worth a possible nuclear holocaust/ww3 to defend a tiny nation ? 
  britain has already lost millions of lives , loads of money and land defending poland and belgium . 
  ok , but would it be worth having over a war over say , estonia or a similarly small nation ? 
  i do n't think i 'd send british troops to defend estonia ... 
  it 's not worth the loss of life . 
  there has to be a line though , were do we let them get too before we say enough is enough ? 
  if they tried to annex all soviet lands ( barring germany and other big nations ) , is that worth it ? 
  the result could be nuclear war after all . 
  well i live in norfolk , england and found out recently that the subreddit / r/norfolk is the filthy american copy . 
  it 's sad : /, 
  lol , ireland . 
  well they hate the majority of the uk ( the english ) but like the rest . 
  he has been putin some real effort into his banter, 
  uhhh , all of our neighbours hate our guts : l the sea is our best friend . 
  english channel and the north sea . 
  i 'm just saying , technically they are german . 
  even though in reality are not .
