  maybe not , but they hold german citizenship . 
  i do n't think ethnicity defines nationality though . 
  they are not germanic , but they could be german , no ? 
  hey , do n't say that you nazi , 
  based on what ? 
  they were apparently born and raised there . 
  you ca n't deny the facts . 
  chances are that 40 % are more passionate than that 60 % . 
  the minority always shout loudly . 
  you ca n't really support a war effort without food or infrastructure . 
  i know that , the population of muslims is increasing though . 
  that does n't mean 60 % of people will try to stop it . 
  look at nazi germany . 
  they did n't get a majority vote , yet eventually they got into full power and a large majority of people accepted nazism . 
  too . 
  bad . 
  do n't forget the young men bringing two or 3 family members over each . 
  everyone new this would happen . 
  fucking merkel is a dumb cunt . 
  she can just fuck off . 
  precisely . 
  we 've all been guilt tripped by our governments . 
  and if we argue against it , prepare to be called a racist , nazi , lizard ufo flying islamophobe who needs to check their privileges . 
  they are all humans and so do n't be xenophobic, 
  the idea they have is `` keep holding them until a yes happens . '', 
  sometimes i wish they 'd just fuck off . 
  really ? 
  i thought all of these guys fleeing were rocket scientists and engineers . 
  he 's obviously committed a crime ( by their standards ) and deserves punishment , but i 'm generally against lashings and beheading , thus i find this completely barbaric . 
  plus , this guy is going to die if it happens . 
  he should have respected their laws , but for fuck sake , why are countries still punishing people like that ? 
  fair enough . 
  how many christians are welcome in muslim schools in london ? 
  it 's exactly this . 
  religion is basically about brainwashing kids when they are young . 
  most people who grow up athiest stay athiest . 
  i 'm not comparing the values of religion to nazism , but why do you think the nazis had so much pumped into youth ? 
  to get them whilst they are young , when they are impressionable . 
  have fun !, 
  i 'd be disgusted if this ever happened to my village . 
  yeah that last point is so true . 
  most of these guys coming over are probably about as skilled as an average labourer or less ( nothing against labourers at all , but does anyone need nearly 800,000 labourers ? ) . 
  in other words , not really `` skilled '' at all . 
  sure , there is handful of skilled workers , although they have learnt in a foreign country where their standards are questionable . 
  exactly . 
  they 're funded by germans and race as german but they 're basically english . 
  ah , you see the mercedes f1 team is based in brackley , england . 
  a lot of the people working there are english , the engines are built in brixworth too . 
  so whilst they are technically german , a more accurate description would be anglo-german . 
  also their german/swedish/finnish / monegasque driver is being destroyed . 
  rule britannia !, 
  land of sports and shite sports teams !, 
  prudish ? 
  nah , that 's not really true . 
  as for your english analysis : we used our empire to crush two of yours  maybe you can recall that :p two world wars and one world cup !, 
  the bad teeth is pure fiction . 
  sadly , the chavs are not . 
  at least we are trouncing formula one , 
  well , apparently according to some people it makes you the anti-christ . 
  bit of a generalisation when people say women of a certain nation are good looking . 
  you do n't see many ukrainian women , the only ones you see are the good looking ones , 
  yes , it is a joke . 
  same as the dutch are swamp germans or the french are `` cheese eating surrender monkeys '' ( apparently anyway ) . 
  it 's playful banter , we always take the piss out of our friends . 
  all this pc nonsense can fuck off . 
  and as i said , i do not think it is aimed at black people , the natives only - the english . 
  and even if you think it is aimed at all of us , then it is still not racist because it is not being selective . 
  they 're economic migrants trying to sponge off of europe . 
  nothing more . 
  ignore those people my lithuanian friends , you 're beautiful . 
   vile national stereotyping it 's a joke and frankly the world would be boring if we did n't make jokes about each other . 
  nobody actually means it offensively . 
  if that really triggers you then you need to re-evaluate your life . 
  british people all make jokes about ourselves and our own country , so others doing it for banter is not really a problem . 
  quite frankly the germans are only talking about the native people of the uk when they say this anyway i believe , so no racism is involved for me . 
  i mean once upon a time european nations used to settle their differences on the battlefield , and now we just make petty jokes about each other . 
  that 's progress . 
   why do people believe this bullshit ? 
  a lot of people were tricked into voting against their own interests during the brexit campaign . 
  the remain campaign was weak and offered `` more of the same '' . 
  to many people that is not what they want to hear , they consider themselves at rock bottom , how can it be worse ? 
  the brexit campaign was more pro active and offered something new , it offered solutions and said everything people wanted to hear . 
  for example - more nhs funding , something most british people want . 
  it promised no more of the `` eu bullshit '' which people knew very little about . 
  like the fishing regulations for example . 
  a lot of people think that whole cap on catches is a disgrace but they do n't seem to understand that if it was not in place , the fish would disappear in time . 
  of course fishermen have to throw back fish to get under the cap , if they were not made to throw them back then they would all be catching loads , leading to them being gone in our seas . 
  this was something my grandparents said as a reason they voted out ... and then of course you have the people who protested voted , i think many of these people voted brexit to make a point , expecting us to remain anyway . 
   for me it 's the only possible way to be able have a proper future with new superpowers like china and india . 
  this is why i voted for remain . 
  if europe wants to remain at the forefront of world politics in the coming centuries we 're going to have to come together imo . 
  i do n't want europe to be an irrelevant place where many independent countries bicker about shit all the time whilst india , china , russia , usa and brazil are making all the big decisions and lead the world in most aspects . 
  i wish estates looked more unique in certain areas though . 
  it seems like every new estate has very similar architecture , same building materials and therefore looks copy and pasted to me . 
  it 's really a case of , in many areas people would rather see natural landscape than a boring housing estate . 
  it does n't make it racist though , if you call every human alive a monkey , then it is not racist because everyone is being tarred with the same name . 
  he is n't selectively picking out one group . 
  anyway , that term only applies to the english people mainly . 
  most of the curries we eat here are easily classified as anglo-indian dishes . 
  we 've edited a lot of them to suit us , take tikka masala for example .
