  to be honest , id favour a closer union with the eu like a legit one with a shared army , government etc. 
  if it could be done . 
  we 'd be a part of something great , i 'd hate for us to miss out on that . 
  they just need to sort a lot of stuff out first . 
  i 'm not a dedicated film kind of person . 
  i 'd happily watch something in another language , battle royale is one of my favourite films in that genre . 
  i also enjoyed die welle . 
  i only get exposed to english films mainly . 
  norwich castle . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwich_castle founded by william the conquerer after he subjugated east anglia . 
  the outside has been renovated to look as it did around 1070 ish . 
  it was a prison from 1220 , and today is a museum and art gallery . 
  it stands in the only city in norfolk . 
  i think the only thing that is left is just the keep , but it looks very nice . 
  die welle is the only one i 've seen , watched it in german class at high school . 
  it was alright tbh . 
  the only other non english film i 've seen is battle royale ( japanese ), 
  1922 , became the largest empire in history . 
  trafalgar was already mentioned . 
  my direct ancestors took part in it , i do n't take credit for their actions . 
  i just take pride in what they did . 
  i often say `` we '' because it is easier than typing out `` the british empire '' or stuff like that . 
  same with football , i say we , everyone says we . 
  dry tone ? 
  not really sure why you think that . 
  and i do n't know why you wouldnt be proud of your history . 
  it is n't arrogance when it is true though . 
  you can deny it all you want , but few countries have done more in history . 
  france and rome are both right up there and it is close . 
  come on , tell me , who is the most influential and why ? 
  ah , no legit arguments back so you just put `` lol '' and a downvote . 
  the british empire lasted 414 years ( 1583-1997 ) . 
  that 's a fucking long time . 
  and you have to consider how large and spread out it was too . 
  plus look at our achievements whilst the empire stood . 
  we 've invented so much shit thanks to it . 
  spread western ideas and the rule of law . 
  we are arguably the most influential country in history , we 've spawned two superpowers , british empire and usa ( indirectly ) . 
  hell , the anglo-sphere is hugely successful . 
  what country are you from ? 
  not entirely true lol . 
  the romans conquered technologically inferior people too . 
  it does not diminish the achievement . 
  it 's fine :p, 
  i 'm british mate haha . 
  i do love the romans though . 
  i was n't really being serious dude . 
  we do n't need to conquer europe , we 've already made the largest empire in history . 
  true , but is that because he did n't want to be a leader of italy or because he could n't ? 
  was he leader of france because that was his only chance ? 
  in all seriousness , i think napoleon liked france , but yeah . 
  nah , i like it as it is :p, 
  london 's demography is quite unique . 
  some places in london are almost all immigrants . 
  england is n't all like that , i am from norfolk and it is almost completely white . 
  in fact during my entire school life ( 4-16 ) i 'd never been to school with a black person . 
  the first time that happened was in college and even then it was only 2 and one of them was not even british . 
  yet michelle obama goes to a london girls school and the entire class were muslim and holding us flags , or almost all of it . 
  i genuinely thought she 'd gone to syria for a minute . 
  white people in london and white people in rural areas often have very different opinions about the whole thing . 
  most anti-immigration views are in rural areas . 
  although london 's views would be skewed on that since half of it is made up of non ethnic british people . 
  edit : if you 're going to downvote me , at least tell me why ffs : l do n't be a coward, 
  i associate germany with sausages and beer , not really kebabs tbh, 
  how people interpret it is what makes it different . 
  most do n't kill infidels , a few do . 
  some like sharia law , some do n't . 
  it is n't strictly violent or strictly peaceful . 
  it has peaceful and violent elements . 
  ( christianity did too , but it was reformed ) . 
  westernised muslims and some other muslims throughout the world practice it peacefully . 
  they do n't kill infidels and wage holy war and they do n't like sharia law . 
  some however , decide that beheading infidels is a good idea and that sharia law is something to follow . 
  whilst it might be peacefully practiced in europe , the middle east is another story entirely , its a bit of a mess . 
  you know , isis and terrorism and all that . 
  yeah you 'd think the government would have a think about this . 
  but they cant . 
  shut it , colonist . 
  holy shit you came from france and visited great yarmouth ? 
  it 's pretty well known in norfolk for being a total shit hole . 
  but i guess the 2p machines and arcade is alright . 
  norwich  great yarmouth any day . 
  part of the reason i love norfolk . 
  why should we be cautious about flying our flag in our country ? 
  if that was me being asked to take it down by a land lord , i 'd refuse . 
  why would you want that shit hole representing the uk : l it used to be nice apparently , my mum was born there . 
  but now , well its a shit hole . 
  the last place in the uk i 'd choose to live . 
  in fact london in general is not somewhere i 'd want to live . 
  the worst places are apparently london . 
  barking and dagenham , brent , hackney and then other cities like luton , hull and bradford are also awful apparently . 
  norfolk is one of the driest places in the uk . 
  so its good to live here . 
  god no . 
  they were part of england at the time , so technically are/were represented, 
  lousy food ? 
  i might be the only person who likes where i am from lol, 
  no , its a total shit hole . 
  you do n't even want to come near it, 
  in masala in chicken tikla masala is important .
