  i never thought a german could make such a good joke , 
  ranting ? 
  who is ranting ? 
  i 'm stating a basic principle . 
  every ethnic group has a right to a country of their own , in my opinion and there 's probably even some international rights thing that says something like that . 
  if members of that group feel threatened , they 're well within their rights to reject multiculturalism etc. 
  i do n't have a great solution because it is n't my job to have one , i 'm not a genius , i have suggestions but i ca n't say that it will definitely work because i 'm not going to pretend to be an expert . 
  the political establishments does n't even talk about that idea i 've mentioned though , they just ignore it and tell us how great multiculturalism is . 
   to choose your loyalty is not so much about ethnicity of course , you 're right . 
  but my original point was that people groups ( ethnic groups , the slavic people , the anglo-saxon people , celtic people , germanic people etc. ), 
  have a right to their own nations and land - no reasonable person can disagree with that . 
  if you are really mixed , then it 's complicated . 
  of course , a very mixed ethnic person would likely identify with the country of birth , and that is fine , but ultimately they 're not a native - so as donkelboons said , what kind of land rights do they have ? 
  it 's all very complicated . 
  just to see how complicated it could be , imagine your grandad is italian , his wife was serbian . 
  your father is an italian-serb born in britain , who then marries an indian and then they have you . 
  imagine that your indian mother has a portuguese parent too add to all this . 
  what do you belong too ethnically ? 
  it 's a problem that i do n't really have a great answer too . 
  it 's not a case of choosing sides though . 
  any sane person would choose germany over turkey right now ( no disrespect to you turks as a people , but your government is in the shitter right now ) . 
  your ethnic identity is n't something you get to choose . 
  all i would suggest is ( using the turkish-german example ) that the person is simply counted amongst the natives if they 're born and raised in germany and are half german by blood ) . 
  they 're not truly 100 % native ( but then , who is ? 
  everyone has relatives from somewhere else ) , but they are half and they 've been raised in that country so it 's good enough without being unfair . 
  if one parent is an ethnic turk and the other is say , a slav who was born in germany to slavic parents , then that person is n't really a german native in anyway shape or form . 
  at that point it really gets complicated does n't it . 
  you 're not a native german , you 're not 100 % slav , turk or european ( depends if you count turks as europeans , i do n't ) . 
  i 'd be interested to know what people in this situation consider themselves as when it comes to an ethnic identity . 
  of course it does n't make or break us . 
  but the common market is quite important , we will definitely lose out in the short term . 
  long term , who knows . 
  yeah , people groups have a right to their own land and countries . 
  it 's not fair to force change on people ( as happened in the uk after ww2 for example ) . 
  yeah but that does n't help when you have no money because you 're propped up by england . 
  that must hurt a lot . 
  `` pride before a fall '', 
  that 's pretty crazy , # 50 per taxypayer . 
  1 trillion sounds like a lot but when you consider the fact i just mentioned it seems fine . 
  love this , even someone not directly involved can see that independence is n't as great as it might sound . 
  article 50 has n't been invoked yet . 
  just wait for that . 
  and spelling is n't by the looks of it . 
  you should look up white flight from london . 
  people voting by foot as you said . 
  it 's the exact reason my grandparents left in the 1970 's, 
  so we will build a wall and make the french pay for it ? 
  yeah that 's not really a strong unifier for me . 
  especially since a lot of them did n't even want to share it lol, 
  hilarious , i actually voted to stay , you wanker . 
  you 're a cunt . 
  it 's impossible to identify as a commonwealth citizen over european . 
  what do we have in common with india or nigeria ? 
  was n't just the north , basically everywhere bar a few major cities . 
  east anglian for example was pretty much all leave except norwich from what i remember . 
  it 's like when foreign leaders said about how bad brexit would be , i 'm willing to bet it made brexiteers even more firm in their belief to leave . 
  it 's really a case of being realistic . 
  i 'm for integration and assimilation because i know that immigration will never cease ( unless a right wing group gets power , god forbid that day comes ) . 
  if it was up to me , we 'd only take in people that are crucial to society , such as doctors or scientists . 
  and then of course they 'd assimilate and become more british . 
  it 'll never happen though . 
  the comment quoted above might well be the opinion of many people here , but it does n't help anyone , because it offers nothing but an unrealistic `` solution '' . 
  they do n't want to go back to nigeria , turkey , iran , india - whatever - they are happy to be in a 1st world country . 
  lol , no i 'm not . 
  japan , south korea are basically completely homogeneous . 
  and they 're rich and good countries . 
  the idea the multiculturalism = prosperity is bullshit propaganda , because one look at either of those countries makes that idea collapse . 
  it 's clear , we assimilate the immigrants who come here . 
  we do our best to make them feel like they belong here , they do their best to be a part of this country , and hopefully in a generation or two they will be regular british people . 
  we need to make them care about this country and its culture because they feel as though it is their own . 
  it 's a `` when in rome , do as the romans do '' type thing . 
  i do n't think its threatened on the whole , but parts of local culture in the uk in certain places has disappeared or is in the process of doing so . 
  it 's just my belief that a country and its people should share a common culture . 
  saying you do n't want multiculturalism is n't the same as saying `` no browns pls '', 
  people feel that mass immigration has flooded their country/city with people that do n't want to integrate . 
  if the locals have no interest in native culture , that native culture dies , no ? 
  or at least shrinks . 
  i 'm not talking about a dance or an event , i 'm talking about a way of life . 
  people feel their way of life is being threatened by immigration and multicultural policies . 
  whether or not you agree is up to you , but you ca n't expect people to set up an `` association '' to preserve their way of life . 
  i 'm not telling anyone to drop their culture , my opinion is - if you want to fully practice every aspect of your culture , go live in the country you came from . 
  i 've got no problem with immigrants ( obviously we still need limits ) that come here and want to be here , and actually make an effort to be a part of british traditions . 
  it 's always great to see that . 
  but if you come here , and do n't bother to integrate , you 're not welcome . 
  or people want to preserve their cultural heritage . 
  but you know , that does n't fit your agenda . 
  obviously these people above have some insane points of view , but regular people who just want to protect their culture are not evil . 
  yes , because being against multiculturalism and melting-pot model is obviously racist . 
  britain owned malaysia , also singapore . 
  we lost both i believe to the japanese during ww2 , which was probably one of the worst defeats we 've suffered . 
  not malaysia is it ? 
  what about the inhabitants of that island ? 
  its unfair to swamp them with the migrants . 
  yes that 's true , but the percentage that died through our primitive bio warfare is nothing compared to the percentage that died before we arrived . 
  i 'm not denying we were ruthless . 
  every empire on earth has been ruthless , that 's how they became great empires . 
  and what relevance does the queen have in this lmfao . 
  95 % of the natives died of smallpox the spanish brought . 
  hence why we were able to settle easily . 
  had we tried it 200 years earlier , we 'd be facing millions upon millions of native americans .
