  i meant popular as in wide spread . 
  and english has spread to all corners of the world thanks to britains efforts . 
  look at it this way , britain planted the seeds and from there the they bloomed into what they are today . 
  the us is a big part of why it 's popular right now but britain is the reason it even spread in the first place . 
  and anyway , britain outputs loads of programmes and films . 
  we have huge cultural influence . 
  hilarious , a german made a joke , 
  bollocks , the only reason the united states speaks english is because we put people there who later become american . 
  the biggest contributor to english is britain then america , not even an arguement if you know anything about history . 
  english will always be our language lmfao . 
  hence why it is `` english '', 
  3 up for us because our language is more popular , 
  the french will never 1 up us . 
  we 've got a permanent 1 up because we 're not french . 
  well , england is angle-land so you 'd better come up with another name , 
  yep , i know that . 
  i know , but many of his beliefs now align with what are considered far right beliefs , such as racism . 
  lets be honest here though , britain first are not facist . 
  at least , i do n't recall them wanting a dictator . 
  the definition `` often fascism . 
  a system of government marked by centralization of authority under a dictator , a capitalist economy subject to stringent governmental controls , violent suppression of the opposition , and typically a policy of belligerent nationalism and racism . '', 
  nationalism and racism yes , but the rest ? 
  doubt it , but feel free to correct me . 
   he 's right though , is n't he ? 
  what % of voters understand the fundamentals of government , or can even identify its branches and their limits/functions ? 
  oh i agree , i like democracy and fully believe in its ideas , but the populace needs to understand things and be informed of the details . 
   agreed . 
  you do n't see china , the me or africa opening their doors for every foreigner . 
  if anything , there 's a genuine risk of certain sections of culture disappearing at this rate . 
  again , i agree . 
  i do n't hate people from other nations or other races at all . 
  i just do n't want my people and culture to be replaced , partly or in full . 
  and those that do come here should assimilate imo , which is largely why i do n't mind europeans coming here . 
  because ultimately they integrate into british society well and by the 2nd or 3rd generation it is hard to tell they are of polish or lithuanian origin . 
  even having said that though , there is limits . 
   tempted to ask , how many nations do you know which have been consistently `` multi cultural '' and nearly as great as britain used to be ? 
  well , rome was multi ethnic more than multicultural but that was my first thought . 
  to be honest they are the only ones who were greater . 
  they assimilated people of every background , so i do n't really think they count as multi cultural . 
  the mongol empire fell quickly , although was that diversity or just the size being unsustainable ? 
  i don '' t know . 
  interesting , til . 
  although i still maintain he would n't be that horrified with britain first . 
  churchill was hardly a left wing `` progressive '' . 
  we will help you remove kebab !, 
   until muslim population is big enough . 
  then what ? 
  we retake constantinople !, 
  i for one think an eu army is a great idea !, 
  well it really depends where about in a country you are from . 
  where i live if you did n't have any contact with people online ( old people for example ) and didnt travel anywhere you could easily believe the uk is 96 % white or something . 
  likewise living in london could give you the impression that the uk is very diverse . 
  football *, 
  i only hope this standing up for ourselves continues indefinitely, 
  buzzfeed is banned here ? 
  mods have done us all a great service . 
  i would n't say `` incredibly expensive '' - definitely upper tier but it isnt like a pasta salad from m&s is a tenner . 
  tesco and sainsburys own brand is fine really , some of the stuff tastes as good or close enough to brands . 
  germany was split into 4 ( later it was just west and east ) from 1945 until 1989 . 
  if that 's not punishing and humiliating , what is ? 
  east germany was under the soviet union , i would n't wish that on anyone . 
  plus what are we really going to do ? 
  wipe the german people out ? 
  forgive them , and move on and make sure it never happens again . 
  something like 90 % . 
  of smallpox . 
  i heard they still sterilised natives in the 1900 's . 
  it was mentioned on reddit a while back . 
  edit : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sterilization_of_native_american_women, 
  wow , fuck the person who said that and fuck anyone that denies the genocide . 
  and then they said `` we are free to talk as we like , are n't we lucky ? '', 
  `` europa '' or just plain old yurop, 
  cyprus is a great place to go , latchi is a nice place there . 
  96 % - surprised myself to be honest lol, 
  except if you are brought up a muslim you have 2 options if you decide islam is n't for you . 
  stay and pretend to believe or officially reject islam and be potentially rejected by your family . 
  better to just make it illegal for all religions to be prepared to an under 18 . 
  lol , i 'm hardly going to sit here and research every aspect of pcs at 1am in the morning . 
  you 're not even european , why are you even in / r/europe, 
  it literally says the first commercial pcs were invented in italy on wiki lmfao, 
  not really surprising given his life was mostly spent in england . 
  i do n't know much about him but if he had recent irish ancestry it would be a shame to not be at least more interested in irish culture . 
  it 's important to know your cultural heritage to at least some degree . 
  pc 's ? 
  the first commercial one was italian . 
  the first `` modern '' computer was proposed by turing in 1936 - a key development in computers . 
  so no , the usa did n't invent pc 's or computers in general . 
  probably half the shit on that list is more complicated then you think . 
  what is the correct pronunciation ? 
  as you may well know , we are not known for our knowledge of other languages :p, 
  montgomery was born in london - anglo-irish too i believe . 
  anglo-irish seems to be a good mix for generals . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but was n't he anglo-irish as well ? 
  i know wellington was - i 've read that somewhere before . 
  it 's a joke because wales was part of england for like 500 years and even now people joke its basically england with gibberish for town names . 
  the main language there is even english now . 
  i like wales though , ca n't wait to batter them in france . 
  look on the bright side , you have a dragon on your flag . 
  it wo n't ever belong to anyone else lol . 
  it 's english , it belongs to the english ,
