  and people wonder why people want brexit . 
  but women can already abandon a child - care homes . 
  and before that they can actually remove it from existence via abortion . 
  women can decide at any point before the legal limit that they do n't want a child , men can not . 
  please tell me how that 's fair . 
  if she accidently gets pregnant and the man does n't want it , but she does , please tell me why he should have to pay for something he does not want . 
  that 's not really equality in my eyes . 
  the woman does still have a choice though . 
  put it into care . 
  i do n't know anything about star treck but the uk would be a group of people sitting next to germany and france whilst discussing whether or not getting their own ship would be a good idea . 
  lol , you 're totally cool with encouraging millions of people to march through europe , most of whom are not syrian ? 
  i do n't even know why you would think it was n't . 
  every time i hear something like this nowadays in europe it is the first thought i have , how can it not be with the current global situation . 
  the german government is so incompetent . 
  how does one fuck up this badly ? 
  well , he is right . 
  3.6 million syrians entering germany ( and that 's a low ball estimate ) will alter the country in the future . 
  good work , merkel . 
  i 'm sure we can sort that out for you , 
  i know , but that needs to be lowered too . 
  both . 
  i have nothing against eu immigration , i prefer it to immigration from most other places ( excluding the anglo-sphere ) . 
  but we just need to stop the influx of people for a little while so we can sort out the problems we have in my opinion . 
  i do n't think that is unreasonable at all , i would 100 % vote to stay if we got that kind of deal . 
  im not on the `` they 're stealing our jobs '' train . 
  i 'm on the `` we do n't have enough houses , schools or hospitals as it is '' train . 
  we ca n't handle this current immigration rate of net 300k a year . 
  my city is smaller than that . 
  i 'm happy with the current eu nations , all i want is the uk to control it 's own borders . 
  like that would make sure brexit never happens . 
  they 're special snow flakes . 
  they think by tolerating the intolerant they are better than the intolerant people . 
  hardly a surprise . 
  everyone with half a brain cell said what would happen . 
  holy shit , 8000 in just germany ? 
  thanks , merkel . 
  20 years is not a long time , europe was n't over ww1 , it was recovering . 
  and yes they may well have been , but that did n't stop them trying to put it off . 
  fair enough i suppose . 
  i think what we really need to do is stop analysing the results as `` x country voted to stay not leave '' and actually look at it as a collective - british people decided to stay/leave . 
  i mean we could really dig deep and look at individual regions that voted to leave or stay - say for example london voted to stay but gets forced to leave - is that fair ? 
  london has more than of a population than some european states i think . 
  or look at where i 'm from , norfolk - we have less than 1 million people , if we all voted to stay but get forced to leave is that still fair ? 
  i do n't think we really need to create divisions like this , but that is just me . 
  and britain as a country is holding a referendum to decide its future in the eu . 
  should england be forced to stay because of scotlands strong desire to stay for example ? 
  this logic is so flawed , it is not far from the argentinian logic that the falklands is theirs because it is close by their country . 
  so if edinburgh voted to stay in the union , do you think they should be made to leave if the rest of scotland voted for independence ? 
  because by this logic that should not be the case - the parts that vote for the union should split with the rest of scotland . 
  the snp are using every excuse they can get to call for another go at independence . 
  i 'm seriously sick of it . 
  jules rimet still gleaming haha  https://static-secure.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2014/6/4/1401898140867/1966-world-cup-final-014.jpg you might have won 4 , but you have n't beaten us in the final so it does n't really count :p, 
  i think we will need more help than that to be honest . 
  just like , let us best you in 90 minutes for once . 
  maybe we can borrow muller ? 
  haha , that is good . 
  you 've definitely gone soft . 
  if you guys are now making jokes , maybe englishmen can finally be good at penalties ? 
  teach us your ways . 
  yeah , you ca n't blame people who had just gotten over a world war for trying to prevent another one . 
  we are all friends now :d it 's gotten so bad that even france is our friend . 
  muslim population growing . 
  anti-semitism growing . 
  nah , not related . 
  being anti-semitic is probably the most unfashionable thing to be if you 're not muslim , it gets you labelled a nazi . 
  we have n't and wo n't ever forget the holocaust , and thus anti-semitism will never be ok amongst europeans . 
  never baguette agincourt mate , england has always been the superior nation . 
  the only thing you lot can do properly is host an invasion . 
  we are coming for you lot in june . 
  first we win the euros against france in paris , then we occupy your city . 
  gods above . 
  german humour ?!?!, 
  this has to stop now . 
  next thing you know you will start producing comedians and making bad machinery . 
  grab the paddles lads , we are going to the atlantic . 
  rule britannia !, 
  i think what you need to understand is the uk and france were not ready to enter another world war when we allowed hitler to have part of your land . 
  it was buying time , i do n't think we liked doing it either . 
  i think you 've forgotten mate , 2 world wars and 1 world cup . 
  do n't think we wo n't put you lot in your place again , 
  england needs to reassert its dominance over you lot . 
  you 've really stepped out of line there . 
  a good war will do us both a lot of good . 
  you better be ready , cunts . 
  they should n't be allowed to opt out, 
  he 's just blocked compulsory sex education - he has been in office for 6 years and not done anything to improve the lessons . 
  oh yeah it 's not good already , we really need to sort it out . 
  it 's hard to make progress when david cameron is such a twat . 
  this guy is trying to ban all mentions of sex i think . 
  first he declares war on porn and now he wants to make young britons ignorant about sex . 
  discrimination ?!!!??!?? 
  i 'd go with one of these : leeds , millwall , mk dons or maybe manchester united . 
  i 'm a united fan , but i do realise a lot of people hate united . 
  it 's easy to say you wouldnt blame them when you 've never experienced real , proper hardship at the hands of an oppressor . 
  also , i would say it is the best to watch . 
  it 's more open . 
  i guess in a european context , france or germany . 
  germany because of our royal family recently and anglo-saxons and france because of recent relations but also cuz of the results of 1066 . 
  in the wider world , the anglo-sphere . 
  yeah but we still joke about not having fought you lot for a few hundred years .
