  the list of issues facing them was huge , and they were really fundamental ones and yet some people still wanted it . 
  you 'd have waken up the next day with no friends and no currency ... 
  most of the yes voters were also young . 
  which worries me . 
  and knowing the government here , they 'll let them vote again in 30 years time , god knows why . 
  `` where are you from ? '', 
  tends to mean where were you born/raised . 
  it 's subjective really . 
  man , i love roman history . 
  you should be proud of that , do n't dwell on what happened between 1914 and 1945 , nobody was entirely clean in that period . 
  hoping to visit one day . 
  according to that map , i live in a part of england that is as dry as small parts of spain and italy ... love norfolk . 
  separatist nationalism bothers me . 
  i do n't see why only scots got to vote on the independence either . 
  i mean it might sound stupid of me at first , but this decision was going to effect me too , who knows how large of an effect that could have ? 
  i consider myself english over british , because i think being english has more identity , at least to me . 
  they are not one and the same . 
  but i by no means want to end the union . 
  also , on a europe wide scale it bothers me that we might leave . 
  i think we have a right to decide . 
  but if we leave it will be a seriously stupid thing to do , i want a closer union rather than no union . 
  i think europe with a central government and military would be great if handled well . 
  i think that is what could be best for the continent as a whole . 
  also , what is wrong with not forgetting our former glories ? 
  what specifically bothers you ? 
  not going to lie , that is very sad . 
  like i know england has no always been kind to the irish , but then you do n't see me booing france , italy , denmark/sweden/norway and germany . 
  i 'm 18 and i ca n't say i 've experienced that . 
  i know one person who likes dortmund but no one else supports a foreign team . 
  why do we want power ? 
  it makes us a serious player on the world stage , it puts huge resources into the hands of the european government , we could do anything we want with that . 
  our population would dwarf the usa , i do n't know about the economics of eu vs usa but i 'd imagine it is close considering you 're combining 3 of the most relevant countries on earth ( uk , france and germany ) which is already going to be big , with the rest of the continent . 
  i do n't know what we would do with that power , i do n't think germany knew what they 'd do when they formed their nation in the late 1800 's . 
  i just think it would help the entire continent . 
  also , the worlds balance of power would be far different . 
  usa , china and europe would all be relevant super powers within 50 years , rather than just china vs usa . 
  we could be a super power , but petty pride is stopping it i 'd wager . 
  is there any real reasons why we could n't do it ? 
  there is a good reason why so many people have tried to unite europe under an empire and there is a good reason why britain in particular dedicated it 's foreign policy towards stopping that happening . 
  it does often come off as rude . 
  i mean during the eurovision the only country speaking their own language is france . 
  everyone else just accepts that english is far easier for everyone, 
  you can work around these things . 
  each country can still have a small army , but if we all put half of what we spend now towards a brand new european army , imagine that . 
  freedom of movement does n't have to be a thing . 
  i 'm no genius , but they would clearly need to do something otherwise eastern and parts of central europe would just up and move to the west . 
  again , the euro could be another issue . 
  i 'm not a financial expert , maybe we could keep the # and still be in it ? 
  there would be appetite if stuff like this was sorted out . 
  it would be a huge task to organise , but once it is done and dusted it will be brilliant for everyone . 
  we 'd be a massive player in the world again . 
  as for the main language , english is the only choice . 
  sure , some people might not like it but it is quite clearly the only choice . 
  it can only be a good thing for europe though . 
  it would make europe a real super power on the world stage . 
  right now you look at the usa as the only one with china fast becoming one . 
  europe could be up there too , if we did as i said . 
  a united europe is more than a match for china or the usa and even russia whom is constantly threatning eastern europe . 
  they would n't dare touch eastern europe again if they had to face all of europe and the usa . 
  we can still maintain our own culture and identity , heck , in the uk english and scottish people have their own cultures yet for centuries have been british . 
  i just think that in the future , this will be the way forward . 
  it 'll happen someday , why not make it sooner rather than later ? 
  it is n't that i love the idea , i just think it could be best for everyone rather than what we have now . 
  exactly . 
  we 'd start offending people in the class room if we did that . 
  it 's a disgrace that we are not taught it . 
  when people refer to ww1 and ww2 they often just say `` britain '' rather than what it was at the time - the british empire . 
  many indians died for it , many canadians and aussies died for it , not right to just say britain . 
  people forget how many indians and sikhs fought in the trenches . 
  evil is a bit strong . 
  you would n't have the country you do without us , 
  cyprus is a cool place though , loved it when i was there . 
  you guys worship a brit ? 
  british . 
  ok , so i 'm proud of what we achieved . 
  a relatively small island-country that had for hundreds of years been ransacked and pillaged got its shit together and became a super power . 
  britain fought hard to gain and keep it . 
  other countries of the time were doing the same things , and we did it better . 
  we did a lot of good during the time of the empire . 
  i 'm not going to be ashamed of something that also produced so much good as well as bad . 
  i think what is important though is to realise that imperialism belongs in the past and we should n't attempt to glorify it . 
  we did some horrific things and some very good things . 
  i mean we helped defeat the nazis which would have been impossible without our empire . 
  times have changed and subjugating other peoples in the 21st century is not ok . we should all move on from it , it was a different generation and time . 
  grudges going back to that are very petty now . 
  and also , the anglo-sphere is a fantastic thing to have . 
  britain , usa , australia , canada and nz are good for everyone nowadays ( well , the usa is good for you if you do n't have oil  ) . 
  a lot of good things have come from those countries . 
  entertainment , medicine , technologies . 
  and english is a very widely spoken language as a result . 
  the english rule of law has spread far and wide too . 
  we 've created democratic allies from the empire . 
  and finally , i 'm also proud about how we decolonised . 
  it was fairly peaceful and we left a fair amount of them in decent condition compared to france . 
  what a day . 
  went from a totalitarian dictator that killed millions of people to a totalitarian dictator that killed millions of people !, 
  well , not every british tourist ... we are generally pretty good . 
  ive heard that french people are particularly unreasonable with english tourists . 
  like we ca n't be expected to learn your entire language for a holiday : l, 
  will it help us though ?
