  that was `` invented '' in scotland . 
   mostly there 's a line mate , and you 're close to it now . 
  watch yourself . 
  i disagree . 
  at least the us economy wo n't go to shit . 
  the best people are already taken though , so it will be a problem . 
  it 's much more complex then just getting people anyway , else every country would have a top notch intelligence agency . 
  i just do n't think you do , because britain has been a huge factor in it for so long that the eu did n't bother pumping too much extra money into its own agency . 
  it 's like how britain has very few people to negotiate trade deals , we 've relied on the eu for so long that we 've simply lost the ability to do it internally on the scale we will need to do it . 
  do the people on the receiving end think its a worthwhile sacrifice though ? 
  would you sacrifice family or friends if you knew that they could be saved if you kept british intelligence ? 
  ultimately that is what you 're asking people , and for the majority i 'm willing to be they 'd rather have their loved ones . 
  i think the best outcome is probably something like assad holding onto syria - i think he 's a piece of shit but as we saw with gadaffi , you ca n't just go around toppling dictators and expecting stability . 
  as for the kurds , probably best if they became some kind autonomous region ( i doubt they are now , no idea though ) or something , a free kurdistan would make turkey very mad . 
  they 'd probably invade tbh , erdogan is an idiot . 
  appeasing turkey is the best way to maintain good relations and ensuring the kurds have autonomy would hopefully satisfy them and reward them for their sacrifice/efforts against isis . 
  it 's such a shit show , you wont please everyone . 
  `` look at those queues , they 're perfect ... '', 
  having less/no access to our intelligence might well mean an increase in terror attacks on the continent though . 
  you should pay a visit to norfolk and speak to some of the older people , 
  it 's definitely insinuating that . 
  it looks like you 're saying that they do n't really know what they 're voting for but it means less foreign people aka that they 're bigots/racists . 
  england 's accents are stupidly diverse . 
  here in norfolk you can barely understand some older folk but go down south to london just 2 hours away and it 's completely different . 
  even suffolk has a different accent . 
  london has a whole bunch of accents by itself . 
  basically there 's no such thing as british or english accent . 
  there 's many english accents . 
  americans are guilty of this the most . 
  where did you live in the uk ? 
  ah here we go . 
  less immigration instantly makes you a racist talk again . 
  i like cities without sky scrapers ruining the skyline . 
  looks cool !, 
  ca n't france just declare them illegal immigrants and give them a choice : either they go back home , or got to prison . 
  does n't france have the final say if they 're granted asylum ? 
  if they 're not granted asylum or are not applying for it they 're immigrants . 
  and illegal ones at that . 
  intersex is not a gender though , trans people are transitioning from one gender to another - so they 're either a man or a woman transitioning to male or female . . 
  if they 're almost full transitioned , they 'd go for their new one , if not , then the old one suits them . 
  if they 're identifying as neither , then they simply have no gender ( in their minds anyway , nature does n't care about anyone 's feelings much ) - they 're in a state of limbo . 
  in short , i 'm talking about male or female and not inbetween groups or other tiny percentages . 
  more men than women commit suicide . 
  but nobody cares because `` male tears '' or they 're too busy talking about privilege . 
  i have privilege , but not white male privilege - i come from lower middle class/upper working class ( whatever you 'd call a working class family on middle class income - i 'm not a class expert ) background where my parents have n't had to worry about money ( they 're comfortable but nothing crazy - not even close to 6 figures ) for years and thus i 've had a more plentiful existence so far than many other people my age . 
  but that 's as far as my privilege extends . 
  it 's something i 'm very lucky to have had , and its had more of an impact on my life ( not in education or healthcare - purely on my happiness and general day to day life outside of official things ) than some idea of a white privilege which simply does n't exist in the uk . 
  but then i also went to terrible schools right up until i went to college at 16 , so my education was not very privileged at all . 
  my first 3 schools were all failing schools ( a year or two after i left , but they were lucky to be satisfactory for the time they were , they 've been failing for far longer than ofsted have known ) . 
  this is why you ca n't just tell people they have privilege , it boils down to more than just `` white cis male privilege '' . 
  people living on less than 20k a year are not privileged for example . 
  men are the most likely sex to commit suicide . 
  well i 'm concerned about both but of course the main concern is the societal change . 
  that 's what we need really , if the uk cares about the nations opinions then england should not be able to dominate the politics of the uk . 
  if the uk simply says we 're all british and have equal say ( ignoring that i 'm english and you 're scottish for example ) then it makes sense to do what we have now . 
  i 'd rather go the first route , because i value the uk and the best way to keep it together is to give the other 3 nations here properly equality with england in terms of voting for stuff . 
  it 's weird , many people here still act as scots , englishmen , welshmen or irish but the politics ignore that . 
  which is why scotland is so unhappy about the choice of prime minister , because despite the act of union we still see each other as `` the other '' - scottish identifying people see it as an english choice because they simply ignore the idea of being british . 
  this division is what is going to kill the union , sooner or later of course ( it nearly did just 2 years ago for example ) . 
  if we want to save the union for the long term , we need to be more of a federated state . 
  either that or we kill the english/scottish/welsh / irish identities ( which wont happen ) . 
  of course the disadvantage of that is that the english people make up most of the people here , and if we do n't get our way you have 85 % of your people feeling unhappy about politics . 
  westminster would probably rather please most of the 85 % at the cost of the other 15 % . 
  unless we divide england up for political purposes in a federation , maybe into the 7 parts we used to be in - you 'd obviously have to try and make equal population areas . 
  then its possible that say , east anglia would vote differently to northumbria etc. 
  and it has a real effect . 
  that 's just my ramblings about the topic anyway . 
  went on for longer than intended :p, 
  kids and actual society between adults is a poor comparison . 
  kids do n't understand the politics behind things . 
  [ yeah but that 's because japanese people are n't beheading people in the streets and shooting up theatres . 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/782/935/ce2.png ) all muslims therefore get lumped into a group where they 're the enemy , even if they 've done nothing wrong . 
  it 's not just muslims though , mainly ( because of what i said above ) but not only . 
  i also refer to black people and asian people ( indians or pakistani ) when speaking of multiculturalism . 
  ah so the slow replacement of natives . 
  excellent plan . 
  they do n't have to be `` very wealthy '' or have `` highly skilled jobs '' . 
  indians here work in all kinds of jobs , from doctor , it technicians to indian takeaway jobs to corner shops . 
  that 's the fucking coolest dog i 've ever seen, 
  that 's genuinely sad to hear . 
  ca n't believe the people that think it 's ok to attack people because they 're foreign . 
  i always point out that the polish pilots were some of the finest we had in the battle of britain to people slating poles . 
  yes , the angles ( south jutland ) and saxons ( modern day north west germany ) , also some jutes from northern jutland came here specifically . 
  they then later became known as anglo-saxons ( of course , that includes the celtic people in england too who were still the majority of the population but they 'd assimilated to the angle and saxon culture - similar to how after the celts came here and spread their culture among the ancient britons , we still call the ancient britons celts because of culture ) when the peoples in england started to think of themselves as one people rather than angles , saxons , jutes etc. 
  i believe . 
  a sense of unity probably brought on due to the danes raiding and occupying their land . 
  anglo-saxon god 's actually i believe . 
  woden , thunor , tiw , frige for example . 
  basically the same idea as norse ones , i guess norse and anglo-saxon paganism was very similar . 
  our days of the week probably come from when english people were pagan . 
  anglo-saxon god 's were very similar to nordic ones , but with slightly different names . 
  hence why germany has similar days of the week . 
  this is the biggest factor for sure . 
  imagine if the uk and france could half their budgets , and then pool that into the total . 
  the uk would free up $ 33 billion , france would save $ 26 billion and the eu budget would be the 3rd largest on earth and that is not accounting for the rest of the eu . 
  germany could contribute another $ 20 billion . 
  $ 33 billion could be a seriously great amount of money to pour into the nhs , education etc. 
  this is why i wanted us to stay in the eu and help make an eu army . 
  i doubt many people 100 years ago would have predicted the eu with france and germany cooperating . 
  do n't be so sure it wont happen .
