  dude , they have tens of thousands of people . 
  they can spare a few . 
  cheers germany . 
  no really . 
  * * statistics are racist . 
  can we get some mods in here ? 
  * ( thanks google ), 
  hey , you should be thankful . 
  the diversity they bring strengthens your nation and enriches your culture . 
  coming from the one who eats frog filled baguettes , 
  lol , well have fun then , 
  of course , but in terms of rainfall , which is normally considered bad weather , it has more i believe . 
  it is n't our job to make english expats adopt the culture of the nation they live in . 
  the weather is fine . 
  the weather in scotland is worse than england . 
  britannia with the most votes, 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  when your country votes to stay in the uk at every chance it gets , then you should stop whining and deal with it . 
  i wont ever think of the empire as an embarrassing thing . 
  `` wider still and wider shall thy bounds be set '' those lyrics do n't have to mean empire . 
  it could mean anything you want it to . 
  the bounds of what is possible to achieve as a nation ? 
  i like the song , the french anthem is all about a bloody revolution so there is nothing wrong with lohag, 
  well if 50 million came our way , sad to say but sinking them might be the best course of action . 
  not something that we want to do though , send them to russia or some shit, 
  that 's exactly what will happen if they got citizenship . 
  germany , sweden and uk will get an influx of them . 
  it was n't wrong at the time . 
  everyone who could do it was doing it . 
  plus we gave it up mostly peacefully . 
  and we did a lot of good things during the duration of it . 
  the roman empire did some awful things but people often think of the good more because nobody alive today feels affected by the bad . 
  we 've gotten over the human suffering brought by it . 
  i personally think the romans were good for europe , maybe in 1000 years people will think the same of britain on a world wide scale rather than just europe . 
  i think land of hope and glory should be britains and jerusalem for england . 
  do you like either of those ? 
  meh , i 'd happily change britains to land of hope and glory . 
  and englands to jerusalem . 
  i do n't like ours much , its slow and used by another country . 
  it only focuses on the monarch . 
  i reckon shed be forced to abdicate before that due to health issues . 
  that 's why i like her , she represents us perfectly . 
  it 's funny , 3 of our best or most popular monarchs are women . 
  elizabeth i & ii and victoria . 
  and they all represented the uk/england brilliantly at their time . 
  everyone likes william though , so its kind of a situation where we 'll put up with charles until william comes along . 
  this . 
  i ca n't stand listening to scots and their independence talk . 
  the bans here are way to harsh . 
  i 've made loads of posts here that have been upvoted hundreds of times , i made one post a while back that they did n't like and i was banned for a month . 
  a month for my first `` offence '' . 
  and it was n't even that bad , it was a misunderstanding since i did n't elaborate in my post . 
  it should be tiered , so the first one is 3 days , the next a week , then 2 weeks , then a month . 
  and maybe perma banned after since if you get banned 4 times , you 're clearly doing something wrong . 
  yeah but russia is n't in the eu and is hardly that friendly with us . 
  and i agree , this issue is n't just about refugees , in fact sheltering them does n't solve the whole problem anyway . 
  if they are moving from the place they first came too in europe ( for example they landed in greece and are now attempting to get to germany ) they are economic migrants . 
  if they stay where they landed , i 'd call that a refugee . 
  if they are willing to go somewhere like romania or hungary then they clearly are not economic migrants , they just want safety . 
  this is purely for syrians . 
  everyone else is an economic migrant regardless . 
  found the welshman . 
  just need some lube . 
  not enough clogs . 
  ha , try going to some of boroughs where englishmen are a minority and see if that first one is true , 
  germany still remembers the last time nationalists took over the country . 
  they have war guilt , when really they should n't . 
  europe can be proud without being nazis . 
  it took an american to come in a european sub reddit and talk some sense . 
  i agree with that entirely . 
   just do n't expect every other country in europe to sacrifice itself for the multiculturalist 's dream . 
  `` you racist xenophobic nazi !, 
  they are enriching your culture . 
  just look at all your bland food ! '', 
  accepting millions of people into europe wont solve it . 
  the only way to solve it is to kill the issue at its root . 
  syria itself needs sorting out . 
  i mean resettling orphans is ok with me , they can be assimilated and become good citizens . 
  this is the correct approach . 
  i 'm glad we are n't taking in thousands of the ones in europe . 
  plus if we take in mainly young children , we wont need loads of houses , they can be taken into care . 
  i 'm pleased with this . 
  the orphans are the ones who truly need the help . 
  any country . 
  wars end and populations grow again . 
  and in unstable regions , they start fighting again sooner or later . 
  where did i say just syrians lol . 
  and anyway , populations grow all the time . 
  i technically do n't own a house since i live at home . 
  let 's be honest here , people who care about their country a huge deal do n't flee when someone attacks it . 
  my family wouldnt die , they 'd be in a refugee camp , 
  it was a joke really but it does have a good point . 
  if they start giving too much out , i 'd be better off being a syrian . 
  it 's a cool flag , i came across it before online :p, 
  the children are born in britain mostly , but that does n't make it suddenly ok . 
  here we go , the white guilt . 
  `` your ancestors fucked his ancestors up , you should feel bad and take him in '' . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  there is nothing english about that city . 
  nothing .
