  the only part of the country where you could say most people are more saxon than celtic is in east anglia and the south east . 
  and even then it varies from person to person . 
  to say that we are immigrants despite being here since around 400-500 ad ( the saxons that is , the celts go here far earlier ) is fucking crazy . 
  that 's around 1500 years mate . 
  it is like saying every country bar the country that humans first appeared in is an immigrant country . 
  and as for loads of different culture that is n't true either . 
  when the saxons came here , the celts assimilated and copied their way of life , making it seem to us like the disappeared somewhere . 
  they did n't , how can a few thousand saxons wipe out every celt in ex-roman england ? 
  they ca n't . 
  the only logical explanation for why the celtic way of life died out in england is that some left and a lot of them decided to become saxon . 
  by an immigrant country i meant a melting pot of different cultures and peoples . 
  england has n't ever been that . 
  literally never . 
  we 've had saxon way of life , celtic way of life and a little bit of norman and viking in the nobility at different times . 
  and the normans where essentially vikings . 
  so really , we have had 3 . 
  and all of them are northern european . 
  america by comparison had french , spanish and english then followed by african , south american , native american , german , oriental asian , the list goes on . 
  that is an immigrant country . 
  most of the worlds immigrant countries are in the americas for obvious reasons . 
  immigrants make up most of their population , the british population has tons of celtic people or people that are partly celtic . 
  essentially britain is not a country of immigrants , we are just a country that has had a lot of influence from outside invaders and one group in particular had a big impact on the genes of the people in certain, 
  i do n't know , if you are born in finland but move to serbia at 5 years old you could be finnish-serbian . 
  i think with nationality it is about your descent and where you 're raised . 
  for example , if an indian couple have kids in the uk , the kids are british-indian . 
  i mean that is a recognised term , if you type into wiki `` british-pakistani '' you will see famous people who are partly pakistani but raised in the uk . 
  black americans are called `` african-american '' ( i do n't like that term really , not all black people are african and not all africans are black ) and that is a common term , so the use of two countries in your nationality is fine . 
  i 'm british-english , i 'm a british citizen who is ethnically english , that is what i fill out in ethnicity things on surveys i fill in . 
  has n't really worked in the uk . 
  ethnic minorities are almost always concentrated in one part of a city or town . 
  we do n't need one diverse group , we need to assimilate the immigrants to be british . 
  they 're immigrant countries , well , canada is anyway . 
  i thought singapore was too . 
  millions of people die every year because of these things . 
  doesnt give them the right to flood europe . 
  it does though . 
  we 've already seen it on a small scale . 
  maybe so , but helping everyone encourages more . 
  yeah , i know right . 
  it was close and next time they vote i 'm expecting a yes . 
  we 're talking 16 year olds here . 
  what does the average 16 year old know about politics ? 
  i can see them voting out next time , most of the no voters will have passed away by then . 
  exactly . 
  the if anything , being a part of a united europe makes us the greatest generation of europeans yet . 
  we 'd have united a continent that has been a battlefield for centuries under one banner . 
  we 'd have helped create one of the most powerful nations in history , and if every other european nation is in on it , there is no shame . 
  if anything it could be considered one of our greatest achievements . 
  as britons and europeans . 
  other people just need to see it like this . 
  i mean england lost its sovereignty centuries ago for the greater good . 
  yet to this day we hold the english identity . 
  it does n't mean we all lose our identities . 
  if this ever happens though , we could still have our own sports teams etc. 
  much like britain does . 
  i do agree with what you 've said there . 
  europe is the only way we are going to be relevant in the long term . 
  imagine if all of europe could become pretty much one nation , we 'd be a part of a super power again , a relevant power . 
  europe can still have its unique identities and cultures but on the world stage we 'd be one . 
  i could certainly be happy with that . 
  i fear what will happen if we leave the eu . 
  it seems like a short sited , pride driven decision that will lead to us becoming irrelevant , like italy or spain nowadays . 
  a once great country that has little or no influence outside of its continent . 
  `` pride comes before a fall '' . 
  i 'd rather britain was part of a united europe than an irrelevant island off the coast of a super power . 
  and this is the issue . 
  god i just wish the government would help the french more to contain the migrants try to get across . 
  i do n't see why we ca n't ... 
  they are not fleeing from danger at this point , they 're in france . 
  by every law we have , they 're pretty much would be criminals at this point , if they are n't already . 
  i 'm thinking we forcefully round them up ( i assume they wont go down without a fight ) and put them on a ship back to africa/middle east . 
  go be libya 's issue . 
  just stop helping them get here . 
  i do n't like to say it but perhaps that is the only way ? 
  how is allowing people illegally entering the continent to stay helping ? 
  it encourages more people . 
  fucking send them back to where they came from . 
  most of them do n't want to be in italy anyway , they want to come to the uk or sweden . 
  or go to sweden , get swedish citizenship and come to the uk without getting on a truck . 
  why are people being allowed to camp at calais for example ? 
  wtf are they fleeing from ? 
  nothing . 
  they 're just here because `` britain is easy '', 
  if we take more , then david cameron is just a spineless politician . 
  we do n't need anymore people with nothing to offer us coming here i 'm sorry that you have to go through the shit that you do , but that does n't make it our responsibility to help you . 
  i wish everyone was as fortunate as people in the west , but that is n't going to happen . 
  i 'm fine with giving a little help to people , but taking them into the uk is not the answer . 
  it does n't solve anything for most people . 
  the money spent on the migrants coming here could be better spent on helping everyone in the region could n't it ? 
  surely there is another way to help them ? 
  why ? 
  because europe should be looking to move closer together , not further a part . 
  if we allow catalunya to do it , what next ? 
  scotland ? 
  cornwall ? 
  venice ? 
  where does it end ? 
  granted i do n't know much on the subject , but recently we had something similar with scotland . 
  it 's a joke that we allow this kind of vote to happen . 
  it seemed to me like half of the yes voters in scotland watched braveheart a bit and read too much on twitter .
