  i guess everyone will have different experiences . 
   come on guys it 's getting close to a century now technically the empire ended in 1997 . 
  rip, 
  there 's two things in this world that i absolutely can not stand . 
  bigotry , and belgians . 
   i found the scottish to be in general more friendly than the english . 
  i suppose it depends where you go . 
  london is not friendly at all really , but other parts of england are quite alright . 
  in the countryside for example . 
  technically the sun never set on british territory . 
  cheers , pitcairn islands . 
  what a mighty array of islands we have . 
   treating a portion of your population as second rate citizens because they identify ethnically with a `` colonial power '' is just textbook ira logic no , it is n't ok . 
  but i can understand the sentiment behind it , latvia see 's it as an attempt to colonise their nation , wipe out their culture etc. 
  and basically absorb it into russia by default . 
  and that is definitely concerning . 
  if northern ireland voted to become part of the republic i would generally expect the people there to drop their british identity/not force it on their kids . 
  if you want to continue being british , move to the uk i guess . 
  it 's just the same with say , indians . 
  if you come from india i do n't expect you to come to the uk and just become british . 
  but your kids that are born here must begin to identify as british-indian at the least , so that over the next generation or two the people feel british . 
  if you insist on making your entire family something else and actively work against assimilating , you 're not welcome . 
  true , but latvia and russia are not friendly . 
  russians in latvia was an attempt to russify the country - steal it basically . 
  the fact that they identify as russian despite being born in latvia says it all to me . 
  they clearly do n't want to be latvian . 
  this is why the germans in former prussian land were kicked out after ww2 . 
  no longer could germany claim the land based on its german population . 
  then , maybe he can make germany great again ? 
  put the french in their place maybe . 
  he did n't `` turn a blind eye '' as he was n't in charge when it happened ( was n't president anyway ) . 
  i guess he just does n't agree it was genocide - i do n't believe he denies any deaths happened . 
  obviously i disagree with him but that 's that . 
  it 's not like he actually believed genocide was a good thing . 
  i never said he was a perfect human being with all the right views . 
  a good leader and their personal views/morals do n't always overlap . 
  plenty of the greatest men and women in history have some `` interesting '' views and opinions . 
  regardless of if he thought it was genocide , he was a great leader for turkey . 
  yeah there are n't many leaders who you can look at and say `` yeah he should rule forever '' in advanced countries . 
  normally there is a few leaders who are idolised ( and maybe there is in turkey , i 'm an outsider looking in ) . 
  but ataturk is a light in the dark if you will , he 's quite unqiue amongst rulers of muslim countries even today , but especially for his time . 
  i may be wrong here , but i thought the labour party ( leftist party ) in the uk was historically anti-eu because it was a party for the workers and the eu was seen as a bad thing or something . 
  apparently it is part of the reason why some of the oldschool labour members ( like corbyn ) are anti-eu . 
  i 'm not 100 % though . 
  such a shame that ataturk could n't be alive today and speak some sense to the current turkish regime . 
  turkey could be a much better place . 
   if they still believe in their grandparents ' religion yeah that really is the pinnacle of stupid we 've had other religions here for centuries , jews especially . 
   the british stationed more soldiers in ireland during the famine just to guard food exports than they had in the entire subcontinent of india i 've heard the second fact before , but this one i have not . 
  i mean that 's obviously horrendous , i find it just awful that people could stand by and let that happen , that regular soldiers with their own families etc. 
  could sit by and watch is really bad . 
  it does n't surprise me that ireland considers it genocide . 
  i had n't heard that saying , but with that sort of influx to america i suppose its true :p was n't jfk and his family of irish heritage ? 
  maybe i 'm wrong on this one , but were there some people who were a bit iffy on electing him because of that ? 
  or was that to do with being catholic ? 
  on the population , as i 'm sure you 're aware , ireland is one of the few , if not the only nation on earth that has less people in it now than it did in the early-mid 1800 's . 
  which really shows you how much has gone on in ireland in that time . 
  it 's funny , we never learn anything about what we did to ireland ( other than things related to cromwell , even then its not in depth ) in the last few centuries . 
  many people in england/britain in general ( although most irish hatred is our way i 'm sure ) probably do n't have a clue just why there is so much tension at times . 
  i feel like one of the few who has an understanding of what we 've done to our neighbours in recent history , what with scotland and the highland clearances and wales and our attempts to make them english . 
  you can see why ireland , wales and scotland are all in agreement about not liking us too much , 
  yeah you 're correct on that point . 
  my point being our colonies were the original usa , the foundation of a super power as it were . 
  the fact that something we put there could eventually become much more , is pretty crazy . 
  as a history nerd , i 'm aware of the huge irish ancestry in america , indeed a lot of that would be down to the people fleeing the famine would n't it ? 
  it 's really bad when you consider that irish people were fleeing a famine and arrived in america only to be treated like shit there too , at least that 's what i 've heard . 
  yeah it was in quebec they settled . 
  but half of them want independence anyway  haha , just joking there mate . 
  america leaving is another sad one because again , the 13 colonies were the first venture into empire for england and then britain as a whole . 
  but we 're good friends , so it worked out in the end . 
  it does also make me a little proud to say we settled a successful colony in the americas that became a world power . 
  and to this day , the 13 colonies ( especially the northern ones ) are the most successful part of the country . 
  nothing sad about india or most others though , they were n't our colonies in as much as we did n't settle in most other places . 
  we just occupied it and controlled the locals . 
  almost all of the rest had an established populace who 'd already built countries from the ground up . 
  and yes britain and ireland are quite close now . 
  to be honest , the only time english ( i do n't know if it is the same for scots and welshmen ) and irish people come into real conflict that i see personally is over football . 
  now that we are not trying to conquer you all the time , relations should keep getting better . 
  canada is one of the countries we have a closer than normal relationship with though , because we essentially created it and settled it ( and they stayed loyal , looking at you america ) . 
  it would just be a shame to see them formally leave all trace of the commonwealth , maybe that is just romanticism . 
  we only just got a krispy kreme shop where i live , we might have to wait a little while yet :p, 
   it might have a small chance , especially as canada 's percentage of citizens of british heritage decreases . 
  we will always be good friends , nonetheless  canada is hard not to like . 
  it would be sad if canada ever left the commonwealth/dropped the monarchy whilst we still have one . 
  we 'd kick them out again !, 
  just like harald hardrada . 
  on the far left is norwich castle , built by the normans in around 1068 . 
  in the foreground is the cathedral , also built by the normans !, 
  [ since there is lots of castle posts , this is how norwich castle looked at the time it was built - the layout anyway ] ( http://thecastleguy.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/img_8416.jpg ) [ here 's a closer image of it  ] ( http://www.tournorfolk.co.uk/norwich/norwichcastle.jpg ), 
  i 'm not a huge fan of that design , but at least it has more meaning than the bland , eu colony design that exists now . 
  this is always the problem with neutral flags and coats of arms . 
  you would be hard pushed to fit 3 different ethnic groups symbols in one flag , so you end up with something that does n't really represent anything , its a committee design - generic almost . 
  it 's like cyprus with their map of the country . 
  really a cross would suit them quite well ( greek flag was once a cross , and still features one ) , but they ca n't do that really . 
  shame , because it is a nice coat of arms . 
  it was an invitation . 
  ah , you must be talking about william * the bastard * . 
  nice gate . 
  my local castle ( and cathedral ) is built from caen stone , by the normans . 
  it 's not a 1:1 parallel , but you have invited a large number of people who follow , what many people would say , is a fascist ideology . 
  that 's the spirit .
