  honestly it 's disgusting if girls actually do that ... 
  i never really liked london . 
  it was his psn name , in full it is `` xxiiiv_henry_pu $ $ yslayer_viiixx '', 
  or what if godzilla attacked venice ? 
  what really gets me are those taoist jihadi 's, 
  i ca n't remember where i found the article but i was having a discussion with someone here before a long time ago about the percentage of muslims in the uk committing sex related crimes and that was another grossly disproportionate figure . 
  jokes on you . 
  the less of you bastards stealing the yorkshire puddings , the better . 
  all the more for me . 
  hon hon hon, 
  we built a wall , and made the romans pay for it !, 
  shit , we need those desperately too !, 
  i wonder if they have any economists in their ranks ? 
  we will need some too , and so will you lot i imagine !, 
  not to mention all that culture . 
  i 'm frothing at the gash with the thought of it . 
   it actually confused me even more . 
  ...  you ca n't be that dense surely ? 
  i did n't say it was , the english language is good like that . 
  i said `` the best thing '' . 
  if i was implying it was the only thing , you would say `` the only thing '' . 
  i hope that helps you grasp english . 
   they are protesting against terrorism . 
  that was the spirit of the protests . 
  you saw the `` terrorism has no religion '' placard and went on a rant . 
  it was a very moderate placard too . 
  it 's not like some idiot wrote `` islam is 100 % perfect !! '' . 
  because it 's still a stupid placard to have really . 
   since you are not a troll , please explain how you complaining about a anti-terrorist protest helps promote `` living peacefully and getting along '' . 
  pretty easy to understand imo . 
  if you deny islam is a problem , you 're not promoting peace . 
  the best thing muslims can do is to acknowledge that islam has problems that need solving when the topic arises , and then hopefully someone/a group of people can work towards reforming it . 
  islam and the west has been at war for years ( maybe fundamentalist islam more so ) , islam is often painted as the enemy , westerners are becoming more and more disillusioned with the status quo in their respective countries ( more right wing ) , it 's simply not a good recipe really . 
  add to that the people who deny islam is part of the issue , and it breeds resentment . 
  edit : and you know what , its unfair to solely blame muslims for being in denial , because theres quite a few young , far-left people in britain who score social justice points by agreeing that islam is not the problem . 
  i 'm convinced you 're a troll at this point , but i 've got nothing better to do so i 'll just answer ...  i mean do you really expect them to march with with banners saying `` we are part of the problem '' ? 
  you ca n't be that dense . 
  they can protest all they want , but having banners that deny islam is an issue is destroying the credibility of it . 
  they do n't need to have banners saying that lol . 
  they just need to stop denying it all the time . 
   this was a protest against isis and terrorism . 
  and you managed to blame for something . 
  i 'm criticising muslims as a whole , but also this protest , for saying that islam is not the issue . 
  of course it is , who can really say it is n't and still have credibility ? 
   no , you do n't want everyone to get along . 
  at least be honest and admit it - the edl folks actually admit it so i respect them for their honesty . 
  but you are not even one of them and yet you lie  lol , ok mate . 
  this part here is where your trolling becomes obvious . 
  i do n't want an admission of guilt , i just want the muslim community to realise that islam is not perfect and is causing many problems . 
  it needs some reforming if it wants to exist peacefully in the west . 
  as i said , saying terrorists are not muslims is like saying the crusaders where not christians . 
  it 's dishonest . 
  i 'm saying i do n't think it helps when they deny islam is part of the issue . 
  which is true . 
  as for your last statement , i have no idea what you are implying . 
  i want everyone to live peacefully and get along . 
  i guess you saw my england flair and assumed i 'm an edl member . 
  typical  . 
   they dont deny that many modern terrorists are muslims . 
  you 'd be surprised by the amount that do believe that . 
  yeah but for me , carrying banners saying `` terrorism has no religion '' is just harming its credibility . 
  you ca n't just deny that islam is the religion of the vast majority of terrorists , it 's simply not solving anything . 
  ( response to your edit ) i 'm not sure people would be so quick to go to london . 
  certainly i do n't think they 'd be any more likely than now . 
  it would still be hugely expensive . 
  london feels so disconnected as well because of the attitudes of people there . 
  for example , i voted remain in brexit but london is clearly massively out of touch with the country ( england ) in general as the rest of it mostly said out bar a few cities dotted here and there . 
  multiculturalism is just worse than what we had before , in my opinion . 
  it 's created a lot of issues and has damaged culture in places . 
  for me it 's a failed project , and i 'm glad my county is not a part of it . 
  i 'm more concerned about what english peoples school results look like than what minorities look like . 
  if young english people are failing we need to see why and do something urgently . 
  of course , if native americans in the modern day left ancestral land because they did n't like the amount of white immigration , that 's fine is n't it . 
  that suddenly is a huge issue . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  re read and then come again . 
  this must be satire . 
  please god . 
  if not : you 're deluded . 
   not only that , but london 's schools are now the best in the uk because ethnic minorities do well on exams . 
  we do n't import people to make our schools better , we have good schools or should have good schools in england to educated the * english * people first and foremost . 
  if that 's actually serious , it shows just how disconnected london is with where i live , hence why i do n't give a shit about london and westminster . 
  both can fuck off and become a city state tbh . 
   it 's not many people oh , that 's alright then, 
  i love that you got downvoted for that . 
  it 's completely true ( about white flight ) , white englishmen felt alienated ( especially in london ) and just up and left . 
  and then people go around celebrating `` diversity '' . 
  and all i really think is that 's partly down to you making native people feel alienated in their own city . 
  i want to click that to see it but if i do , my door will be kicked down by theresa may and i 'll be dragged off to the tower of london . 
  shame, 
  i do n't really know what to say to that : l i 'm a bit disgusted, 
  cheese is the bane of my life . 
  it does to a point , but its cruel . 
  especially when done to kids , as normally the parent is at fault for that . 
  deep fried mars bars are interesting , but with mayonaise ? 
  god help us . 
   he is seen as a bulwark against endless islamist oppression . 
  that says a lot about what minorities endure over there under islamic rule that they genuinely want a guy like assad to be in charge . 
  i only want assad to stay because of stability . 
  but these guys actually want to live in his syria .
