  do i count in that we ? 
  i live in one of the the most germanic parts of england :p  like i might half count, 
  but this was meant to be a thread to take the piss out of ourselves for once . 
  well , i tend to do it often , but yeah . 
  if he is a muslim , he can post this shit , because that is him taking the piss out of himself . 
  if he is n't , then as funny as the joke is , it is against the spirit of the thread . 
  yes but the last major wave was the anglo-saxons . 
  the normans did n't settle , only some high ups did . 
  the english people have been as they are today for centuries . 
  there are probably schools here that are the same . 
  there are some here that have no white people too . 
  the problem in luton from what i 've heard is that some of the muslim community refuse to integrate . 
  the edl is pretty big there as a result . 
  the issue in luton with muslims is they all live in one particular part ( they do in a lot of cities ) so they are constantly surrounded by other asians/muslims . 
  thus , they do n't feel the need to assimilate . 
  and as for authoritarian policies , sometimes they are the best solution . 
  maybe not popular , but occasionally they might be the best option . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  but that does n't make it not an issue . 
  the fact that these people exist is still a problem . 
  i 'm more of a percentage guy than raw numbers . 
  so long as we are still say , 65 % minimum , i 'm fine with that . 
  so long as the other 35 % are loyal britons , then i can accept that . 
  if the other 35 % are not willing to integrate as it were , i would be far less happy with that . 
  it keeps the native people as the main group , but allows others to have an opportunity . 
  a stable 65 % is acceptable . 
  what i would say is i would rather say , 25 % ish of that 35 % came from europe . 
  it is far easier for a european ( not just white , anyone who is a respectable european ) to come here and respect our laws and customs then someone from africa or middle east . 
  plus , the eu is a fine source of man power if we need some . 
  the remaining 10 % should be from former empire nations/commonwealth nations , again it will be easier to integrate these people . 
  ( not too many from third world countries , simply due to integration , people allowed from those types of countries should be a case by case thing , there are some people worth having - we do n't need thugs , extremists or criminals coming here ) . 
  it has bad aspects . 
  for example , it can divide society between religion , cultural or even race . 
  multiculturalism is n't inherently good or bad . 
  it can have aspects of both , however i personally believe it has more negative than positive . 
  and you can have the positives without going full multicultural . 
  you can have curry without loads of indian culture for example , it only takes a small community to spread the good aspects . 
  heck , travelers could bring things back . 
  i do n't think eating different foods alone makes you multicultural . 
  exactly . 
  in fact it was our most popular food for a while , maybe it still is . 
  i 'm sure there is a fair few british foods that are eaten around the world that people do n't even think about . 
  when americans , canadians , kiwi 's or aussies eat roast dinner , the basis of that comes from the uk . 
  in fact i 'm sure you could trace a fair few things they eat back to us , since we colonised those places . 
  i 'm not going to argue that it is as renowned as french or italian , but there is plenty of british food that people would enjoy if they tried it . 
  oh and also . 
  we can be a more open minded people without being multi cultural . 
  i would also argue it has the potential to divide society . 
  take luton for example . 
  our food is fine . 
  i would n't like it , but then i think the same of any native/semi native people in any country . 
  if the culture is still firmly in place though , that 's a positive . 
  i do n't hold anything against minorities that want to be british , that 's fantastic , that 's less extremists and cunts we have to deal with . 
  but i think it is important that anglo-saxon/celtic people remain firmly in the picture . 
  it is n't that i think we are superior or anything like that , that 's ludicrous , but it is about heritage and tradition for me . 
  my views on this are shaped by growing up in a community where there is n't any ethnic minorities , where as someone from london might think far differently to me . 
  so what would you say if for example , white-britons made up only 25 % of the population ? 
  just as an example . 
  you do realise england is derived from `` angle land '' right ? 
  english culture is anglo-saxon culture . 
  and anyway , most people in england are more celtic than germanic from what ive read . 
  east anglia and parts of the south are the most germanic places but even there it is no more than around 60 % germanic . 
  why would we be kicked out lol ? 
  it 's our culture here . 
  tell me , why is that a good thing ? 
  man , i love some humour like this , but this thread was supposed to be taking the piss out of ourselves . 
  unless you 're a muslim . 
  in which case , its fine . 
  i 've finally found a good place to use this one . 
  how many brits does it take to screw in a light bulb ? 
  just two actually - one to secure a stepladder , climb it wearing a hard hat , and attach the light bulb - and another to carry out a risk assessment on the operation and to assess whether it is worth carrying on or whether cuts and the national deficit mean screwing in light bulbs will have to be dropped . 
  at least the growing population is n't muslims . 
  it is n't that i hate muslims , but england is a christian country ( if we are going to assign a religion ) or athiest . 
  the last thing we need after just shaking off oppressive religion is a religion which is often oppressive . 
  `` or breed them out . '', 
  we are being out bred right now . 
  most people over 60 or 70 in the uk are white , but there is a high percentage of minorities under 25 and it is growing year by year . 
  it 's already been said that within 100 years white people could be a minority group here . 
  rip anglo-saxon england if that is the case . 
  `` one pupil in five speaks english as a second language '' what the fuck . 
  i do n't know , i guess they could as i think anyone can form a party . 
  haha , i 've heard all that stuff before . 
  the sad thing is , some people actually think this shit . 
  lol , alright i am not feeding the troll anymore . 
  muslims have raped and pillaged loads of countries , as have the zulu ( in southern africa ) , the japanese , the mongols . 
  it is n't just white people lol . 
  you 're a fucking moron . 
  if the tories do something stupid , who are people going to vote for now ? 
  lol . 
  i 'm pretty sure that was sarcastic , if not then that 's just ludicrous : l, 
  the uk could do that , but we still do n't . 
  our governments are just shit every time ... 
  where she said about be being too tolerant reminded me of this quote . 
  `` tolerance and apathy are the last virtues of a dying society '' . 
  certain things just can not be tolerated , religious view or not . 
  we can not have kids justifying the murder of innocent people . 
  brain washed kids grow up into brain washed and dangerous adults . 
  yeah , but india has held together when it could have broken a part . 
  also , i know china is hardly a beacon of human rights , maybe that was a poor example . 
  but there are plenty of good ones .
