  haha , yeah you make good points . 
  i completely agree . 
  it is all very strange . 
  i can buy a longbow but i ca n't buy a switch blade . 
  banning longbows in england would be a real crime though tbf :p, 
  yeah i think the uk has pretty good knife laws . 
  i do n't really understand why a samurai sword is banned but a fucking zweihander is fine lol . 
  i figured if i walked out and about with a sword , even if it was blunt , i might be asked about it . 
  i believe that maximum blade length is something like 3 inches . 
  these are the uk laws : https://www.gov.uk/buying-carrying-knives i do agree with you , blunt and deactivated weapons do n't really bother me , but it 's just about how a law like that could be misused . 
   you may reserve the right to turn them away unless they prove their kirpan is unusable as a bladed weapon . 
  not a bad suggestion . 
  but does this then mean that i can invent a religion and then precede to carry around a blunt sword ? 
  it would n't really be fair to say one group can have a decorative sword/dagger and another can not . 
   but there is no reason to ban the purely decorative ones if they are welded to the scabbard , sure , i agree . 
  but how do we know what is and what is not welded , do we search everyone carrying one to make sure ? 
  there is a trend for banning circumcision because it is wrong . 
  and sure it is wise to listen to minorities , but we live in a democracy and if enough people want to ban something , it should be banned . 
  true , but it does n't change what i said . 
  they 've deemed it acceptable , wrongly so imo . 
  but if the west is trending towards banning it , we should n't be held back by minority groups that do n't like it . 
  sure , but we do n't know whose are and whose are n't blunt - it 's better to just ban them all . 
  people might be a bit unnerved if they see a dagger in public as well . 
  especially given how often sikhs are mistaken for muslims , that could cause all kinds of trouble . 
  they could , but as i said to another commenter , chef knives have a practical application , kirpans do not . 
  it 's like when people say `` more people die in car accidents than gun crime '' - it 's not comparable , one has a practical use , the other is simply a weapon . 
  look at this image : https://www.satnam.eu/images/26000/kirpan-black-micarta-large-1.jpg clearly , it is a dagger - it is n't meant for anything other than self defence/killing . 
  a chef needs his blades for his job , that 's the difference . 
  there is no practical reason for a sikh to carry a blade anyway . 
  sure it might be a religious tradition , but if englishmen have given up their rights to carry weapons in england , there is no grounds for anyone to carry them imo . 
  people can practice whatever they like , so long as it does not violate the law . 
  we can not allow exceptions to that law based on `` it 's my religion '' . 
  if the jedi religion suddenly decreed that all jedi must carry a sword at all times , would that be ok ? 
  jedi 's actually outnumber sikhs in the uk . 
  obviously it is a joke religion , in the same way that spaghetti one is , but you 're legally allowed to wear a colander in passport photo 's now lol . 
  `` it 's my religion '' can be taken to ridiculous lengths ... 
  i would n't permit anyone to carry a blade ( that prohibit the rules now ) . 
  what if someone steals that blade from a sikh and uses it to kill someone ? 
  it 's the same reason we ca n't allow perfectly law abiding citizens to get away with illegal firearms . 
  a guy about 10 minutes away from me had a huge load of them discovered by police recently . 
  he was old , not planning anything but what if someone got hold of them ? 
  i 'm not kicking anyone out , i 'm telling people that if they do not like western morals and laws , they can leave . 
  same goes for everyone . 
  sitting here complaining about it when everyone but you wants to ban it is pointless . 
  if you do n't like it , israel is open to you . 
  i 'm fine with tolerating religions etc. 
  but i do n't tolerate religious barbarism . 
  mutilating babies has no place here imo . 
  that 's the thing really . 
  there is one jewish state and many muslim states in this world , go to israel or one of the many muslim nations if you wish to practice islam or judaism without restrictions . 
  sorry , but the west gets to decide what is acceptable in the west , not minorities . 
  wow , why say that ? 
  why not just keep it to yourself ? 
  there 's 21,000 non white people ( 9.1 % ) , and 4.5 % of the total population ( 213,000 ) is asian ( asians are around 50 % of uea students ) . 
  for comparison , 85 % of norwich was born in england and ipswich ( non uni town , and closer to london ) is 86 % born in england . 
  sure , if there was not a uni , it would be probably closer to 90-95 % english born people . 
  norwich is n't really `` multicultural '' . 
  it 's like 91 % white british, 
   uk , i do n't get your plan . 
  nobody in the uk does . 
  i honestly hope the government refuses to invoke article 50 . 
  the brexit voters will not get what they want even if we do leave - all we do is shoot ourselves in the foot . 
  nhs funding will shrink , immigrants will still come in due to the single market , the pound will fall further , prices go up - and for what ? 
  literally for nothing . 
   you would have 50 % of your people feeling even more ignored and 50 % feel angry and annoyed now . 
  just wait until we leave and imagine the anger and divide that will set in once people start feeling it - people will be majorly pissed at one another . 
  not to mention the racist attacks that have taken place . 
  and the lies by the leave campaign . 
  i agree about the fptp , i would like a change on that too . 
  did n't realise we 'd left the european continent . 
  i feel less welcome here by the day as an english person . 
  no there wont . 
  there will be bitching and complaining but people wont actually start a civil war lol . 
   now lets hope they will actually leave . 
  fuck no , lets hope we do n't . 
  well i 'm pretty sure if we confirm we are not leaving , nothing should change . 
  that would just provoke more anger from british people . 
  you have the support of 48 % of us , telling us we then can not go back to what it was is a joke , and it will be more uncertainty etc. 
  haha , i did n't say i wanted to threaten anyone . 
  i want to stay 100 % . 
  people are so aggressive right now . 
  i hope the uk survives too , unfortunately i see scotland leaving now :(, 
  if we say tomorrow that we are not leaving , and that is that , nothing will change . 
  because if it does , we will just threaten to leave again , causing chaos for everyone . 
  which nobody wants . 
  i really fucking hope we stay . 
  i just wish these last few days had never happened tbh . 
  it does , but the conservative leader right now is leaving in october . 
  nobody knows who will be in charge next , nobody knows who will be labour leader next and a whole bunch of labour mp 's will be resigning soon too apparently . 
  just have a read of the headlines here : https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/ general elections are not out of the question is what i 've heard , but i 've no idea if that is actually true . 
  i find this current situation absolutely ridiculous . 
  i mean people are actually doing hate crimes towards immigrants now ... what a fucking shameful display of ignorance this affair has been . 
   predicting massive resignations in the uk political scene not doubt . 
  the political scene is fucking chaos . 
  the leaders of both major parties are probably leaving , one of them is being ousted by his own party in a coup . 
  true , and i know that . 
  but it would n't be an irrelevant city , it has only been around 50 to 60 or so years since the major parts of the empire left , it would still be a major city without the eu . 
  not as big , but certainly not as small as you said . 
  it is n't binding lol , they do n't have to do anything . 
  lol what ?
