bit too subtle , 
  yeah but that is n't our best period is it . 
  even as england it was probably from elizabeth i reign until 1707 when england was no longer sovereign . 
  neither *  it is pretty stereotypical of american tv to be soft when it comes to swearing and nudity . 
  i do n't get it . 
  lol , what ? 
  how did you figure that out ? 
  america has done loads of good . 
  not quite . 
  isnt that 4 % mostly concentrated in certain countries ? 
  i thinks that 's the main problem . 
  you 've summed it up perfectly . 
  does the british figure cover the british empire as a whole or just britain ? 
  america . 
  where you can buy guns easily , but do n't you fucking dare swear on tv !, 
  or look at sick . 
  that 's just not going to happen , not for another generation anyway . 
  it 's simple , if a religion is undermining the values of a nation , that country must take steps to stop it spreading . 
  there may not be a country in this situation now in europe , but with a younger population of muslims who tend to be more radical than their parents , it is a cause for concern . 
  in the past when our values have been threatened , we take action to prevent it . 
  just because it is religious , doesnt make it ok . 
  enforcing borders ? 
  he should be burned at the stake for that . 
  what , because you said so ? 
  it is in europe , but it does not make up its identity . 
  i 'm all for freedom of religion , but wife beating is against women 's rights . 
  i could n't give a fuck what fiction book you read . 
  you can not treat women like property . 
  yes , as i said , we tolerate islam but europe and islam are not two thing that go together . 
  islam is an arabian thing, 
  it just bothers me immensely that poland gives them some place to stay , when really they should n't have too ( you are not even a border country ) and they just off and leave as soon as they can . 
  and i 'm not even polish and it still annoys me . 
  there is just no pleasing some people . 
  it 's a clear case of economic migration , these people should be rounded up and deported . 
  imagine inviting someone into your house , giving them a room , eating a meal with them and then waking up the next morning to find out they 'd left in the night for next doors house because they had more money . 
  like wtf , we just helped you out and you just fucked off like a prick and did n't even say thanks . 
  they probably did n't appreciate it much either , like they took it as their right or some shit . 
  like if you are going to leave , at least do it the right way . 
  it 's why the whole thing of walking through europe pisses me off . 
  it is n't the correct way to do it . 
  the uk population is growing faster is it not ? 
  we are poised to overtake them economically soon as well . 
  by 2050 , we will be the largest population and by 2030 the largest economy based on current figures . 
  mate , they have been violated , have some respect . 
  no man should have to see tits . 
  you should get a hobby instead of being racist , go try rallying or something , you lot are good at that , 
  `` what are the best methods of beating the shit out of as many minorities as we can in one night ? '', 
  you 'd be arrested and spat on by everyone . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure if i made a group discussing the best ways to commit genocide i 'd be locked up . 
  thing is , if they ban muslims from talking about this , the government will be called racist and xenophobic . 
  we 've put ourselves in a situation where we ca n't ban things that should be banned and cut out of society and if we try to , we are a racist country . 
  europe is just fucked if we allow this shit to happen . 
  why are these meetings allowed to take place ? 
  beating your wife is against the law , no ? 
  how is this tolerated : l it boggles my mind . 
  so many european politicians are so spineless and pathetic . 
  these people should be deported and banned from entering europe again . 
  yeah , loads of syrians are born and raised in africa , obviously . 
  do n't be such a racist , xenophobic , nazi scum bag . 
  how dare you . 
  did n't a bunch of economic migrants escape from poland recently ? 
  i think it was posted here . 
  poor guys , that bloody civil war going on in poland must have been awful to go through . 
  a federal europe would not be controlled by germans though . 
  not to mention that all these young men that are allowed to say will get their families over . 
  as i 've said , if 300,000 young men go to germany and are allowed to stay and they all have families of a wife and 1 or 2 kids , that could easily multiply to over a million people no ? 
  wait , she said that ? 
  lol . 
  islam might be tolerated in europe , but islam is n't a european thing . 
  europe is about christendom if we are assigning it a religion . 
  too bad , you just promised 800,000 people that they are welcome . 
  it 's your fault . 
  what was the exact quote then ? 
  did n't merkel say she would n't turn anyone away ? 
  here we go again . 
  next they will be telling them that work will make them free  pls do n't ^ kill ^ me ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ joke in all honesty though , this is an awful thing to do . 
  i do n't want to vote for a far right party thanks , 
  i 'm not blaming the groups who stick together entirely , the government should be doing a better job of stopping them stick together . 
  it 's no excuse to start forming right wing parties and being violent towards these groups though . 
  ah , yes everyone loves a strongly worded letter . 
  what ? 
  i 'm talking about far right racists . 
  that 's fine , but it can cause divides in society . 
  you can see it in luton , you have ` militant islam ' and the edl . 
  for now these are just the extreme parts of both groups but there is nothing to stop more people joining in . 
  i think a divided people is ultimately a bad thing . 
  yeah that 's the issue really . 
  religion should be forbidden for people under a certain age . 
  it is leading to brainwashing . 
  brainwashing is more dangerous than alcohol , 
  haha , holy shit really ? 
  til, 
  out of interest , who is going to stop you doing it ? 
  and there lies the problem . 
  western civilisation meets with incompatible view points of muslims . 
  and the muslims wo n't back down on their views . 
  we could just hand pick immigrants we want rather than taking in thousands of people we do n't really need . 
  victorian culture is largely dead . 
  but that was though our own choices . 
  not by taking in loads of immigrants .
