  do n't be such a self hating bitch . 
  that 's a good point . 
  genghis khan is a hard one . 
  yes he killed many people , but its kind of hard not to admire how much of the earth he dominated in such a short time with the things he had . 
  and the mongolians did a lot of good things in their empire too . 
  you ca n't just look at the acts of the people , its more of a matter of opinion on whether the end justified the means . 
  a lasting peace on earth might cost 1 billion lives , but would an eternity of peace be worth the blood price ? 
  it 's really hard to answer because no more war = no more world ears and a united earth could achieve great things . 
  conquers are hard to judge . 
  also , why do n't we teach the scramble for africa in schools and educate people on the likes of cecil rhodes . 
  say why he has a monument or whatever - because at the time of its construction he was a national hero no ? 
  but then his acts had a knock on effect that did lead to positive things . 
  remember , you can sit and criticise our imperial past all you want , but without it the world would be significantly worse off . 
  you 're completely right . 
  it 's ludicrous , we may as well topple all of our statues now . 
  no i thought that comment at the time was a more broad thing than rhodes . 
  maybe i 'm wrong . 
  i do n't think what he did was very nice but it was n't exactly unusual from a historic stand point . 
  people have done far worse . 
  we have statues of gandhi and washington in london for fuck sake , yet british peoples statues get torn down . 
  if you want to look at the negatives of those two , gandhi was racist and washington owned slaves . 
  should all of their statues across the world be taken down ? 
  i 'd remove the ones in london just on the basis that i do n't see why we have them but meh , i do n't care if others have them . 
  no , it was n't a comparison , i 'm just saying we imposed our values using a maxim gun in the past , i however have not done that , so it is unfair to hold me accountable for the actions of my ancestors and long deceased countrymen . 
  that 's north korea logic . 
  and i did n't agree with any of our recent military/ariel interventions in syria and iraq/afghanistan . 
  the americans can play world police on their own . 
  exactly , i hate it when some really stupid people ( a very small amount of people really ) demand compensation for slavery - like it did n't affect you in the slightest and i did nothing wrong . 
  i would n't mind compensating freed slaves at the time so much , that 's alright . 
  but that time is long past . 
  yeah i heard that . 
  it 's a joke , seriously , whether you like the guy or not , he had a huge impact on the british empire and although he did some shitty things , some of the stuff he did do had a knock on effect that lead to positive things . 
  i can understand why people do n't like him completely , but coming to my country and demanding we dismantle our statues to satisfy your needs is just criminal . 
  you get a free education from our universities and all you can do is bitch and whine ? 
  does he realise how shit lucky he is ? 
  seriously , it might sound irrational or silly but nothing annoys me more than people coming here and demanding we bend to their will . 
  i 'm really sick of it . 
  if i and everyone else who is intelligent can forgive germany for ww2 , then you can let a few statues go . 
  holocaust survivors have come out and forgiven them for christ sake , and that was more recent . 
  i wish people would just move on and let history be history . 
  removing a statue of a big british figure wont do anything to change history . 
  haha , it 's a good joke but in all seriousness that comparison would be a bit unfair considering i 've never used a maxim gun to slaughter a bunch of indigenous people even once in my life . 
  what annoys me is a fair few of them are foreign . 
  i do n't go to your home/ancestral home and demand you remove things because they offend me, 
  looks like it : l, 
  i 'd call it `` how to wreck europe in 6 months '', 
  so what you 're saying is that germany needs a strong leader who can bring glory ba ... oh shit, 
  i would guess it is as you said - people realised what it really meant . 
  also i think i saw a stat saying neutrals are more likely to vote for the status quo . 
  plus some people might have voted to leave in the poll to send a message . 
  but yeah asking a catalonian would be more accurate . 
  there 's just no way it 'll happen , anyone who recognises it jeopardises their relations with spain ( much like china and taiwan ) and doesnt a nation looking to join the eu have to have approval from all members ? 
  not only is the constitution an issue , the above 2 are huge as well . 
  good luck . 
  honestly , having read that i 'm starting to think you idolise hitler . 
  yeah liberals take the piss really . 
  they allow far to much `` because its their religion and we do n't want to offend them '' . 
  nothing annoys me more than that, 
  yeah , that 's the problem with islam , the guy i replied to said it himself as well , it 's the word of god and therefore can not be reformed . 
  but i really ca n't see what else we can do , we have to do something . 
  and as for supporting the saudi 's - i fucking despise saudi arabia and everything they stand for . 
  they 're a bunch of lunatics , the only reason they are n't shunned by the international community is because of their oil as you said . 
  it 's kind of annoying how much london gets compared to where i live , just 2 hours away . 
  ca n't you just make more beaches ? 
  you seem to pull land out of your arses anyway . 
  just dig a few dykes , put up some windmills and beaches will surely appear . 
  along with some tulips and edam, 
  nice quote and no offence but i do n't think shiraazs ancestors came from europe . 
  also consider that many of the immigrants follow a religion that is also a political ideology with its own laws and political hierarchy that can and has formed states . 
  it 's just mental . 
   what does n't work is a parallel culture with parts of town being exclusively a different culture with people never leaving never interacting with the outside culture , with people regulating their own laws and not even trying to integrate . 
  that 's just like a permanent siege , a permanent tug of war who get 's the say . 
  yeah but you try telling people on the far left in the uk . 
  you just get dismissed as a racist or a nazi . 
  wait , you lot do n't eat each other ? 
  til, 
  multiculturalism ( the uk is pursuing this ) is where you make no effort to assimilate the immigrants and you allow them to live their life as a muslim or a pakistani or whatever they identify as , in the host nation . 
  this is just a crazy policy imo . 
  that 's what i understand diversity to be . 
  yeah but how will the younger muslims of today and unborn ones of tomorrow feel when they are a huge part of the demographics ? 
  and they will be , muslims will definitely become a majority in many major cities and possibly even in western nations within 150 years . 
  how will they feel about the west when they have the power to actually change it ? 
  sure , it could be fine , but is that a risk that we want to take ? 
  do we want muslims to be a majority fullstop ? 
  i do n't want that for my country . 
  yeah but i mean it 's either reform or wipe out islam and since i 'm not really into genocide ( anyone suggesting that as a good idea is as much of an issue as a terrorist ) and would n't want that at all , reform is clearly the number one option . 
  you ca n't destroy a religion and ideology , you just need to get the people who support it to agree that it wont fit with the place they live and reform it to suit the modern world . 
  that 'd make us all very happy . 
  could n't have put it better myself . 
  the fact that islam is a political ideology as well as a religion makes it incompatible with a western style democracy . 
  it 's just not possible . 
  i agree , discrimination should n't be allowed . 
  but what i do n't like the idea of is people getting in serious trouble for saying things . 
  that is a slippery slope . 
  that and surveillance being ramped up - where does that lead us ? 
  less free speech and less freedoms . 
  yeah but were do hate speech laws stop ? 
  sure , nobody likes people being offensive for no reason - but once you start restricting what people can and can not say - it 's a slippery slope . 
  i think westerners are mostly blinded by a few things . 
  things like all the benefits of living here and all the cool shit we can buy with our generally good wages .
