  but yeah our freedoms across the west are being eroded . 
  heck they are starting to punish people legally for `` hate speech '' which is essentially punishing people for saying things that companies or people do n't like . 
  i 'm from the uk and i think that certianly applies here, 
  we have plenty of those kinds of islands , heck the pitcairn islands wouldnt be bad either . 
  that 's called australia . 
  except we did n't build it , we found it . 
  that pun did n't fly with me, 
  one minute we are lucky to have free speech and the next minute we are in trouble for saying the wrong things . 
  what are you then , a nazi ? 
  banning things because it might cause offence to a few people is such a poor fucking reason . 
  if you do n't like it you know where the fucking door is . 
  that 's clearly not what i meant . 
  i 'm really talking about england here , and england was pretty much completely english 150 years ago . 
  i do n't mind immigrants from the anglospheric countries ( usa , australia , canada , new zealand are the main ones of course ) and europe as much as the rest of the world . 
  immigrants from those places is preferable . 
  africa and the middle east are not places i want hundreds of thousands of people from really . 
  only the most skilled from those places . 
  immigration is definitely needed , but why do we need them from really poor countries ? 
  i thought the eu was supposed to help get workers for us more easily ? 
  well to be honest , east london was too general * . 
  it 's more down to particular boroughs , but in general east london is poorer than west . 
  brent borough is just 18 % white british ( not counting other white people , with them its 36 % ) heck it 's university listed on google is the islamic college . 
  or look at newham which is just 16 % white british ( 29 % white total ) and thats the two most extreme examples oh and in 10 years london lost 15 % of its white people . 
  heck white british people do n't even make up 50 % of londoners, 
  exactly , its the entry of skilled workers . 
  not impoverished people from the middle east and africa . 
  call me racist but i would n't want my kids to grow up in east london . 
  they 're not growing up in england in east london . 
  that place and my home are different countries almost . 
  plus east london is widely considered a shit hole . 
  you can barely say `` merry christmas '' without offending people apparently . 
  in a christian ( the largest religion but i 'd say we are athiest ) nation . 
  diversity equalling success is propaganda and bollocks . 
  britains golden age was when we were not diverse at all as you said . 
  people say skin colour does n't matter and we are all human and then in the same breath they say diversity is good lmfao, 
  no actually . 
  im feeling oppressed . 
  but ... but sexism ?!? 
  what about oppression ?!, 
  or the french version of scotland, 
  great fapping material lads https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:the_british_empire_anachronous.png, 
  exactly , leicester and london for example are already 50 % or less white . 
  not every white person supports ukip , thus support in london among native britons looks low . 
  the number of christians drops and the number of muslims rises though . 
  this is precisely why you ca n't just allow everyone to have their own state when they 're bored of the current one, 
  everyone knows east anglia is the greatest anglo-saxon kingdom . 
  yep , that 's precisely how this place is run . 
  you can get banned for comments they deem `` low quality '' . 
  this is n't even the first case of people not reporting muslims for their crimes . 
  it 's such a joke . 
  religions have come and gone . 
  athiesm is growing in britain . 
  yeah , i think that is the case . 
  i do n't agree with certain aspects of the eu . 
  i want a more united europe , but the eu is n't great right now . 
  yeah i 'm not denying that - but the intense patriotism compared to europe was required - you have to remember that the idea of being an american probably only came around in the 1780 's - possibly even the early 1800 's - many who lived through the war of independence would have still considered themselves british afterwards because they supported british rule - and many did support britain . 
  you had to build a national identity from very little - and it has worked well . 
  true - but they have united a country of immigrants over the course of a couple of hundred years . 
  that 's pretty admirable . 
  i have a strong identity with england , britain and europe - heck i even feel a strong identity with my local area - maybe i have too many :p . 
  but as you said , many britons do n't feel the same with europe , which i do n't understand personally . 
  we 've had our differences and we still do , but that doesnt mean we ca n't be friends and allies . 
  europe 's a fantastic place . 
  nobody has declared war on islam . 
  that 's true - this is how america handles its diverse society - or so it is said . 
  the pledge of allegiance for example - they promote americanism all the time . 
  neighbourhoods full of flags etc. 
  europe is wary of nationalism because we have had a history of wars starting because of it . 
  we need to teach people that it is n't bad so long as they keep it in check . 
  i do n't agree with bombing syria , that does n't mean i have a solution . 
  i do n't need a solution to disagree . 
  i 've no idea . 
  i never claimed to have a solution . 
  the whole idea of any religious court is a joke . 
  just do n't allow them , we have no need for them . 
  it 's pathetic that we even allow these . 
  hopefully the us will free the shit out of turkey if they do n't stop funding isis, 
  i agree , the way this country is going is shameful . 
  pathetic and spineless leaders . 
  well in norfolk the stereotype is that we are all inbred farmers . 
  this is total nonsense of course , i have n't even once considered farming . 
  i never had an issue whilst i was there . 
  people were always friendly . 
  if you are n't careful , we are going to beat you in the finals of the euros next summer . 
  do n't provoke us . 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ think ^ ^ you 're ^ ^ german ^ ^ :p, 
  other than organising a massive piss up , what are they going to do ? 
   it 'll be like the irish fans at the euros , they 'll just get pissed and sing constantly . 
  we did a pretty good job on 1/4 of earth to be fair . 
  you might want to watch out , we might give you lot to norway, 
  here we go . 
  first you 're taking land from the sea and now the belgians . 
  where will it end ? 
  exactly . 
  the uk and us are natural allies , we are cut from the same cloth . 
  turning your back on us because we chose a different path to the rest of europe would n't be a good idea . 
  it 's fucking on now chaps !, 
  i wish images were able to be posted sometimes . 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  an ambulance bomb .
