  our percentage of spending on the system , as a proportion of gdp , is dropping . 
  that does not bode well and mean that we can just `` get a better system '' . 
  it does n't work like that and right now , a few less people would be far , far better than more . 
  how can anyone look at that fact and say we can cope with more ? 
   thats factually wrong . 
  yeah , it was exaggeration . 
  but the point stands , the whole world could n't just live like the west tomorrow . 
  we only have so many resources . 
   except it does n't . 
  unless by ai you mean literally any robot or program . 
  when i talk about ai , i am talking about the sort of ai that , in the next 50 years , will be taking over many jobs and making a lot of unemployment , as predicted by the british government . 
  if we do n't need such a large labour force , we do n't need 65 million people . 
  we can just bring in a policy to get the number down to something more manageable , and then less people can share in more things . 
  yeah but that 's highly skilled migration only , taking in people who are average at best and probably poorer wo n't improve our intelligence . 
   call me crazy but i think getting a better healthcare system is better than losing 10 million people . 
  you going to fund that ? 
  the government is n't . 
   less people living a little better is less good than more people living much better . 
  dream land . 
  if all humans lived like the west , earth would be spent inside 10 years . 
   you are , it 's just weird you 'd bring it up when it has nothing to do with the discussion . 
  except it does ... 
  the same effect that pictures of grim images on tobacco have on smokers buying the stuff , one would assume . 
  support them at what price ? 
  the uk struggles to maintain 65 million people , our healthcare system is on the brink of collapse for example . . 
  if we lost 10 million people tomorrow and replaced their labour with ai , we 'd be fine . 
  we need to develop technology so that we can have less people living better lives , that is the way forward in my opinion . 
  madness is n't it ? 
  we struggle to cope with 65 million . 
   also , some degree of global migration helps the flow of innovation . 
  how so ? 
  the entire earth could do with less people , it would be much better on the environment and hopefully will provide those people with a better standard of living , with the help of ai . 
  seems like an interesting idea that does . 
  it 's to encourage closer co-operation between the east right ? 
  sort of , but they 'd be contained within the same country , just with greater autonomy . 
   most of these are native european being native and being born somewhere are not the same . 
  would you also say that white americans are native americans ? 
  of course not , no one sensible would suggest that , but of course , white people are not allowed to be native . 
  it would have authority , it would govern the overarching aspects of the eu , common policy . 
  think of westminster . 
  the west and east devolution would be like scotland to westminster . 
  they get to manage some of their budget ( allocated by brussels ) in the way that best fits the region . 
  the fact the east is poorer is the reason for this split in my scenario , they 'd get more investment and freedom to build the areas they need . 
  it 's a sort of unification because you 'd have one one government as a central authority in brussels , and two more devolved parliaments , instead of the what , 28 we have now . 
   and they are friendly with a superpower , whilst i 'm sure all of europe would agree that friendship with the us is highly valuable to us ( and i 'd like to think the us feels the same ) , it is not something you can take for granted , it might not always be there . 
  it 's like the defence situation , we need an eu army to secure our borders , we can not rely on a foreign power . 
  it 's exactly like you said , unification is insuring that we will be relevant , maybe not the deciding factor right now . 
  maybe what we need is a western and eastern government for a federal europe ? 
  one can be based in , say , budapest or even prague , the other in rome , brussels , paris or wherever . 
  how would something like that work out ? 
  that way they could have their own policies regarding things that divide eastern and western europe . 
  you get your western style government , the east gets their eastern one . 
  i would n't ever want europe to be bottom of the pile , power wise i mean . 
  ever heard that quote : `` the strong do what they can , the weak suffer what they must '' ? 
  europe as a whole needs to be strong and united enough to have a real voice in world affairs , or it 's needs will not be met . 
  take an example in europe itself . 
  a united kingdom that matters a lot to the eu can get a better brexit deal or even better re-entry terms . 
  a weak and divided britain get the shaft in both scenarios , both to teach the other eu members a lesson . 
   jimmy savile was not muslim and yet he abused young vulnerable people for decades . 
  nobody is denying that white people can also be paedophiles . 
  it 's just that muslims commit a disproportionate amount of sex crimes . 
  and nobody in the media seems to want to raise the issue . 
  it 's disgusting and shameful of this country to ignore it . 
  the law says you 're innocent until proven guilty - and that 's important . 
  unless they can get solid evidence of it happening , and not just rumours , maybe they do n't feel comfortable taking the risk ? 
  in this case they had an informant , unfortunately it wont always be that `` easy '' . 
  it 's going to be bad for both sides . 
  how long is it before native europeans have had enough of this and what will happen if it turns violent ? 
  sad thing is , this is all of our own making . 
  it has been suggested before that the police do n't want to be seen accusing muslims of crimes they have n't committed ( if they 're innocent ) , and thus looking like bigots . 
  i could n't tell you if that is the case or not , but it has been pointed out and i could see it being true . 
  [ le triggered ] ( https://goo.gl/zadywy ), 
  the franks were germans , 
  switzerland was doing fine before that immigration . 
  also , japan is looking to ai as a solution to their problems rather than stupid mass immigration . 
   when was great britain purely british ? 
  i never said that `` purely british '' was a thing , britain 's native population has many ideas about what it means to be british , welsh , scottish or english . 
  i 'm just concerned about the decline in the native population and the growth of all others , regardless of race or nationality or where the immigrants come from . 
  you ca n't use that argument as a justification to radically change a country . 
  and i would argue without those native people , the country is no longer the same thing . 
  can the people living in the former iroquois confederacy claim to still be iroquois ? 
  i do n't think so , and i 'm sure most would agree . 
  why ? 
  because the actual iroquois people do not exist anymore , at least not in large number . 
  nowadays the surviving iroquois number 125,000 tops . 
  take the the french for example , you can trace that peoples history back to historical figures like vercingetorix , a man who lived over 2000 years ago . 
  culture , language and much has changed , but the people group has largely stayed the same . 
  groups have come along and integrated obviously , the franks themselves were of german origin . 
  just as the anglo-saxons who birthed england were of german origin . 
  but what is happening at the moment appears to be different , but only time will tell . 
  hence why i 'm just concerned and not joining some right wing group and calling for deportation or genocide like an idiot . 
  why is it a problem for me to be concerned about that peoples future , or indeed my own ? 
  i 'm not saying that the entire people will disappear , but in certain places and parts of many countries it is happening or has happened . 
  the death sentence is not a civilised way to deal with people . 
  in fact , it is n't even a punishment for many people . 
  if someone said to me tomorrow that i could die , or spend the rest of my life in a cell somewhere , i 'd take the first option . 
   do n't go around building an empire if you do n't want your gene pool ( edit : or your culture ) to change . 
  pretty weak argument that one . 
  i did n't build any empires , nor did my dad or my grandad . 
  east anglia looks a tad hilly,
