  we really are shitting all over our own history ... the west is going to shit . 
  fight me, 
  all it sounds like is our leaders do n't have the balls to stand up for our values and laws . 
  you ca n't illegally enter the eu , and if you try we should not be assisting . 
  we can not afford to have hundreds of thousands a year pouring into europe , and that number is only growing . 
  as has been said , helping them come here is only going to make this worse . 
  i admire his military feats though , the battle of alesia for example . 
  but the man himself was a genius , and his death in my opinion is still a tragedy . 
  it did n't save the republic , it just made it 's fall even faster and his adopted son got it like he was always meant too . 
  i 'd love to see an alternate history where caesar rules for life and what he manages to achieve . 
  his statue should not be removed . 
  the ones at oxford are appropriate because he has an actual involvement with the university . 
  the fucking students trying to remove it were mostly the ones benefiting from his money hahaha, 
  i 'm glad to hear it was a joke . 
  caesar is many people 's favourite historical figure as well . 
  i admire the man , he did some shitty things for sure but so did most great ancient figures . 
  he 's easily one of the most iconic europeans in history , if not thee most . 
  imagine , 2000 years after your death people still talk about and are fascinated by your life and your great military victories . 
  that 's edgy . 
  actually the spanish invented concentration camps . 
  and the camps we used in south africa were not death camps . 
  deaths happened by mistake , not on purpose . 
  meanwhile in britain ... 
  outside of the british ones ( which are stunning imo ) the austrian federal council , both french ones , the netherlands first chamber , and portugal 's are my favourites . 
  honourable mention to switzerland . 
  ca n't stand some of the `` modern '' looking ones , absolutely soulless . 
  when you look at the older ones/classical style ones , you can just feel the history and class . 
  have to wonder where her priorities lie when she is opposed to people getting married but does n't mind millions of people swarming into europe illegally . 
  lol what ? 
  * if she weighs the same as ... a duck , then she 's made of wood !, 
  getting into bed with religious bigots to keep themselves on the iron throne ? 
  where have i heard that before ... 
  technically she had a mandate , her party was elected with a majority . 
  she just wanted a landslide and arrogantly thought she could get away with the shoddy campaign she ran . 
  exactly , she 's betraying western values . 
  she 's an absolute cunt . 
  i do n't think any of those had any real explosion sounds though , correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  to be honest mate , it is going to be very difficult to control thousands of people who all think a bomb just went off and terrorists are there . 
  people just run first and ask questions later . 
  which they will never fulfil . 
  ah yeah , and when they promised to reduce immigration it totally went down to record lows did n't it ? 
  i swear it did ... 
  please do n't generalise everyone here . 
  i for one want to stay , but thanks for that . 
  or , your country committed genocide and you should just admit it . 
  the uk . 
  college is then 16-18 and then uni or whatever, 
  do n't know about anyone else , but i 'd like schools to introduce a proper life skills lesson that covers lots of aspects of adult life and how to go about it . 
  prepare people to be good adults . 
  the odd lesson i had was awful, 
  16 also seems fair , that 's the age you leave high school, 
  god no , not victoria or elizabeth ii . 
  whilst i do n't dislike them , they have n't actually done much to warrant it other than ruling for a long time , they have n't exactly done any governing . 
  the empire victoria inherited was not built through her work for example . 
  atlee is considered one of our best prime ministers , no ? 
  why would we want to associate him with our current bunch of clowns ... 
  nobody can predict the future mind you . 
  we should be wary of the right wing parties , because things can change quickly . 
  also , do n't forget the gains ukip made back in 2015 . 
  they would have been the 3rd largest party ( i think , either that or 4th ) if we had proportional representation . 
  the party appears to be dead in the water now though ( brexit happened : / ) , the tories have got those voters back . 
  the tories are a right wing party , or at least centre-right . 
  those more far right ukip voters will go back to the tories now to prevent a labour victory . 
  did you just insult the emperor !!?!!??!? 
  it 's not simply a mascot though is it ? 
  our royal family owns millions of pounds of property/assets to go with it . 
  they have crowns , everyone is expected to bow for them ( absolutely fuck that , by the way ) . 
  and also , how long is it before there are robots to do maintenance ? 
  and what about if robots are able to program themselves ? 
  humans , like horses , will be obsolete . 
  she needs putting in a home tbh, 
  it 's quite appropriate that the [ top of the shard ] ( http://www.theindustrylondon.com/wp-content/uploads/the-shard-2-1100x614.jpg ) looks kinda similar to the [ top of another famous tower ] ( https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2014/12/10/11/eyeofsauron.jpg ), 
  i will drink from your skull [ check this out lmfao ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5pap13ki9c ), 
  i definitely see the arguement and i do mostly agree with you . 
  the thing with saying `` we '' means in this context something like `` the english people '' or `` the scottish people '' etc. 
  it does n't * have * to refer to culture and often does n't in this scenario , but rather ancestry and the idea of being the decedents of those people , no ? 
  a common history , it is fundamental to a nations identity . 
  when people say `` we '' in sport , it is mainly to feel part of that group . 
  humans are always grouping up , it is nature for us . 
  it does n't really make sense but hey , it 's sometimes just easier than saying the name of the team over and over . 
  accents probably have n't changed much in just 200 years , and the language back then would be very similar to now . 
  middle english is even understandable to us , you could have a somewhat difficult conversation with an elizabethan . 
  old english would be very hard to communicate with though , if not impossible . 
  you should take a look at the early modern english wiki , that goes back to the tudors . 
  gives you an idea of what you could understand from back then . 
  well , 200 years ago is not very long ago . 
  we are talking about , what , roughly 1500-2000 years ago when we speak about rome in the west . 
  england as a kingdom is 1090 years old . 
  what constitutes being english has n't really altered in that time much in that , the borders of england have always remained in tact since then . 
  but roman borders are anything from the levant to northern england , and there is very little connecting ancient rome to modern italy , france , england etc. 
  what i 'm saying is , me saying `` we '' about an english battle 500 years ago is a bit different to saying `` we '' about a 1500 + year old emperor who ruled over the majority of western europe . 
  one civilisation is still standing and the other fell ( in the west ) in the 400 's . 
  but to be fair , all of the peoples formerly in the roman empire could claim the same `` we '' tag in that case because the population was `` romanised '' . 
  bit of a stretch for anyone to say `` we '' though , given how much things have changed . 
  i disagree , brexit is worse than trump . 
  constantinople !, 
  nonsense . 
  we 'll give venice a ring , ask for some ships and get down to business . 
  first stop : constantinople !, 
  i would n't say angles were/are a minority mate , the angles had 3 kingdoms , mercia , east anglia and northumbria .
