  this clown wants us to get rid of nukes . 
  nukes mean we can have a smaller army/navy . 
  who really has the balls to attack our country while we have nukes ? 
  it 's a pretty simple thing to figure out , if you land troops in the uk and even come close to taking our cities , we 'll just nuke the shit out of your country . 
  i 'd rather have as much of europe united as possible . 
  also , i doubt we 'd call ourselves the united states of europe for obvious reasons  i think it would be more like the european federation or something like that . 
  i think a region that just got independence would be less likely though . 
  another thing i forgot to mention though , if catalonia gets independent , do you think their government would hand over control to a federal europe ? 
  doubt it . 
  yes but dividing europe into lots of small states is a bad idea . 
  thing is , we ran many of our colonies for their wealth and resources rather than for the people . 
  i do n't think spain is abusing catalonia for resources is it ? 
  also , is the fact that a guy who is n't me deciding my life called imperialism ? 
  because if so then i 'm declaring my own sovereign nation because of london imperialism . 
  i just see it as counter intuitive to what europe is trying to become . 
  many english people consider themselves english over british . 
  no one here is asking for independence . 
  heck , we do n't even have our own parliament or national anthem . 
  we just use the british ones which equally belong to other nations in the uk . 
  this could well effect europe 's future , so that 's why i do n't want them to leave . 
  of course , the effect of it wo n't affect you at all ( on mobile it says you 're murican ) so really your opinion is meaningless . 
  europe has been centralised before , albeit in slightly different manner . 
  isnt china or even india diverse as hell too ? 
  we can be centralised into one super power . 
  it will just take time to sort out and effort . 
  1.4 million people probably support a lot of stuff , that does n't mean we should do it all . 
  i do n't understand how that guy is justifying saying what he said . 
  what is wrong with some guy born and bred in madrid ruling over catalonia ? 
  it just sounds like petty pride , which is the same vibe i got from scotland . 
  it sounds the same as half the people in england who are anti-eu . 
  quotes like `` some fucking kraut wont be ruling over me from belgium '' come to mind . 
  i 've heard that sort of shit before . 
  scottish independence is not even on the same level as this . 
  we share a language , our cultures are different in a lot of ways but it is easy to move to scotland and not have issues and we respect each others culture . 
  same ethnic group ( although if you want to get into fine details , an englishmen is normally partly germanic where as a scot is a celt ) . 
  and in terms of history , we share lots of history , even before 1707 we were sharing our cultures . 
  on the battlefield : l but we have achieved a lot together since then . 
  what next , independent cornwall ? 
  going to sell rocks to keep the economy going ? 
  cornish pasties ? 
  but then many regions in europe have these things . 
  europe is very diverse . 
  we have to draw a line somewhere otherwise we will never have the eu under one government and president which is probably the end goal . 
  i 'll never understand how someone cant put english and mandarin in the same sentence in this regard . 
  spanish and english make more sense . 
  both are spoken across the globe , mandarin is only useful in china , korea and japan i believe , although correct me if i am wrong . 
  it would be great for the world to agree on a language , but that will never happen . 
  but english and spanish would be the contenders , and the arguements there would be immense . 
  this wont happen unless spain let it happen . 
  if they try and break away they will be worse off for it . 
  nobody other than states which are barely recognised themselves will support them . 
  who is going to support catalonia over spain and risk losing diplomatic ties with spain ? 
  if this happens without the spanish governments approval , i 'll be gobsmacked . 
   who is some fat politican in madrid to determine the rights of these people ? 
  that 's like me saying that i 've decided david cameron is not fit to rule me , and therefore my house and its surrounding land is an independent nation . 
  fuck , why do n't we all do it ? 
  the uk can be divided up into millions of micro nations because everyone is fed up of other people telling them what to do . 
  fuck it , lets go for anarchy , nobody has the right to tell me what to do !, 
  the fat politicians in west minster have no right to rule mighty east anglian land !, 
  yep , a europe that is tearing itself to pieces is great for us all . 
  good , fucking worthless piece of shit can rot in there now . 
  i do n't agree with what germany is doing , but imagine being a family who has lived in birmingham for centuries and having to live there now . 
  2/3 young people there are not even native . 
  these people complaining is a bit much compared to other cities in europe . 
  because they are in fact , economic migrants . 
  and with all due respect to bulgarians , you 'd be a shit economic migrant if your end goal is bulgaria . 
  i 'm in favour of closer ties personally . 
  but immigration rules need to be changed . 
  that 's a big topic in the uk . 
  i 'd love a unified european super state . 
  but i doubt it will ever happen in my lifetime . 
  it does appear to be that way . 
  apparently saudi arabia has no churches . 
  their aims here are pretty clear . 
  which is good . 
  the hate for non believers is one of the biggest issues i have with islam . 
  yeah . 
  someone recently attacked an indian sikh in revenge for lee rigby . 
  no , that wo n't work . 
  apparently in the great war , bavarian troops lead by a bavarian crown prince refused to go east to defend prussia at the start of the war . 
  similar things could happen today , you never know . 
  an eu army would have to be under an european state and a european citizenship . 
  we would have to put europe before our current states . 
  and yet some people want more and more of these economic migrants . 
  if rather spend money on aid to help europeans in a bad place . 
  a `` union '' for a reason , no ? 
  well , just in one particular part with a particular group worshiping a particular god . 
  i dont really want to leave , but equally so in its current form the eu is fucked up . 
  it needs reforming . 
  if it does n't then i know what i 'll be voting . 
  if germany continues , uk is going to leave , so it 's really up to them if they want us . 
  and if we leave it could have a big effect . 
  so their goal is to make germany a muslim country then ? 
  it is n't part of the traditional european identity , whichever way you cut it . 
  qq do you have any evidence to support that ? 
  there is plenty of non-british people here : l do n't get salty, 
  i live in norfolk so the population is almost completely white . 
  that 's basically the reason i 've never met one :p, 
  i 've only ever heard good things about sikhs here . 
  have never actually met one though .
