  i said the empire made london a great city , which it did . 
  i acknowledge the eu helped keep it there , but the empire put it there in the first place . 
  i voted remain , you know , thinking about the future ... no need to start being rude . 
  i dunno , i think being capital of the largest empire on earth made london financially huge . 
  it was an advisory vote , nothing was binding about it though , so it would n't disrespect the people , especially since half of us do n't want to leave . 
   because the uk has been acting like scum ever since they fucking joined . 
  haha , that is why we are a net contributor that helps prop up countries like romania ... 
  seriously , all this hatred towards us is finally coming out now is n't it . 
  i voted remain and i hope we stay somehow , but fuck me people here love to hate us . 
  so what if the gap was 1 person ? 
   i dont think the eu will let the uk go back to their former position in the eu , they cant be a special case anymore . 
  but why ? 
  if we said tomorrow , `` hey we are staying '' - what is wrong with just carrying on as if nothing happened ? 
  you ca n't force us to sign away our privileges can you ... 
  hypothetically , if we just refuse to invoke it for the next year , what can the eu actually do ? 
  what if we just keep them hanging for the next 5 ? 
  he said he would `` steady the ship '', 
   london would be a mild suburb of the financial world . 
  london has been one of the most important cities in the world for over 200 years , i highly doubt that mate . 
  i personally believe it should have to be over 60 % . 
  i really want to be an eu citizen , unfortunately i do not have any recent links the the continent . 
  this is something i said yesterday , i 'd happily pay to be a citizen of the eu , but i do not know how that could work . 
  the only way right now i can see it happening is by moving to a country within the eu and becoming a dual citizen , which is pretty much a last resort and really not something i want : /, 
   time for british people to be accountable of its actions . 
  not really fair on the 48 % . 
  i guess i 've got 2 years to think about leaving anyway . 
  free loaders ? 
  that 's a bit much , we are one of the net contributors to the eu . 
  consider that the uk is a net contributor to the eu . 
  that means that if we leave , then other countries will have to pay more to make the eu budget stay the same . 
  leave voters siding with putin and isis . 
  good job . 
  well the uk will cease to exist after it leaves . 
  does england take up that seat or do we lose it ? 
  the whole campaign was founded on lies and ignorance , what do you expect ? 
  you try telling a leave voter that . 
  norway are a model to follow for them . 
  shows the complete ignorance that almost everyone has on the eu , including myself . 
  but if you know just a little about it , you can see a norway deal is not a good deal for us . 
  how is saying `` i 'm not really a kid '' whining lmfao my other comment is upvoted . 
  also , it is n't whining it is a valid point . 
  why would a country allow a group of people to decide the future of the rest of the country when that group wont exist in 20 years or be affected by it . 
  every demographic except for 65 + voted for remain . 
  but the pensioners came out in force and tipped the scales ... 
  i 'm not really a kid , but ok . edit : why does stating a fact get me downvotes ? 
  but that 's our wall ... 
  i find it ridiculous that 70 year olds get a vote , but . 
  16 year old does n't . 
  16 year olds should be allowed to vote on their future , scotland allowed it in their referendum ... 
  similar to how sloths grab their own arms thinking they are branches and fall to their death ? 
  might be the only time i 'm cheering for london then . 
  it 's far too early to say mate . 
   picked up where you left off that 's basically what it is , except we have n't stopped putting out tv programmes and books so we do our part  . 
  we sowed the seeds , and you are currently doing a bit more nurturing than us . 
  but of course , that will happen in the 21st century when you have more population and are a super power . 
  but i do n't agree with people saying the us is more responsible for it , because the initial contribution was the hardest part and we succeeded in doing it . 
  britain put english speakers in the americas in the first place , we are the ones who india and africans learnt english for , because empire . 
  and of course it now comes in handy for america . 
   if the lingua franca of america was spanish the more popular language around the world would be spanish technically spanish has more speakers anyway , so with another 300 million on top of that , maybe . 
  but the point is , britain put englishmen in america , leading to an anglo-american nation . 
  thus , we 've had the most influence on the english language . 
  because without our initial work , it would not be what it is now . 
  in the 21st century they may have more influence , but then their population is over 3x ours . 
  but before the collpase of the empire , it was britain , we just kind of passed the torch to them . 
  that 's exactly right , sir . 
  haha , when did i say that ? 
  not every english speaker in africa leaves , its a great language to know . 
  it 's the default language on the international scene , plus if you do ever want to move anywhere in the west , english is good to know . 
  that is irrelevant though , english is still there because of us . 
  also , that isnt a fact . 
  yeah because america is responsible for it spreading to africa , north america , parts of asia and australia/nz . 
  i think there comes a point where you have to stop banning things like this . 
  how many people died due to air guns and crossbows last year in scotland ? 
  enough to warrant this ? 
  edit : just looked up english bow laws and one of the questions you get on google with the drop downs was `` can you shoot a welshmen in chester with a bow and arrow '' - wut ? 
  you 've been conquered by the dutch . 
  the netherlands send their regards . 
  i do n't get why the eu as a while can not just deport them , how the fuck can a migrant camp be allowed to exist for 16 years . 
  there comes a day when you have to say `` enough is enough '' and just deport them all to wherever . 
  it encourages more to come the longer it stays . 
  i did n't say all , but probably the greatest evil , maybe , ever ? 
  hard to say but it numbers in the top 5 . 
  i do n't agree with any of the shit interventions we 've attempted recently . 
  including the bombing of syria now . 
  blair wanted to impress his buddy bush . 
  blair is a war criminal . 
  but at least we still have the strength to actually be relevant in world affairs . 
  i mean you 've gone from a great empire to a country a surprising number of people cant even place on a map . 
  and fyi , the refugees are not my problem , we shouldnt be accepting any , i do n't mind funding camps but i do n't want them here . 
  also , i 'm not trying to run away from the eu , i 'm pro-eu so that 's a bit of a hollow insult . 
  stopping a genocidal regime and wiping evil from the earth was worth any price . 
  the world is a better place thanks the sacrifice of many lives . 
  lets be honest though , you 're not really winning any arguements about who has lost the most over the last ~ 100 years . 
  both lost an empire , but one has fallen into mediocrity and is irrelevant and the other is not . 
  god damn it , overshadowed by ireland !, 
  really ? 
  honestly i think crushing that particular regime was `` our finest hour '', 
  wait , i 've just looked at it seems as if you lost and got humiliated . 
  you 're really on the all out attack tonight , i 'd advise against it though as in recent history it has always ended poorly . 
  bit of a weird comparison to draw there , not going to lie .
