  i feel for you , it was shitty sitting out in 2008 . 
  i like the netherlands , like me some orange kits . 
  the roman empire is a more recent thing than an independent wales  the romans collapsed ( finally ) in 1453 . 
  wales has been part of england since around the 1200 's i think . 
  rooting for england ? 
  i hope you 're prepared to be let down haha . 
  they let me down every two years :(, 
  ca n't wait to get beaten on penalties by the germans in the semis, 
  i do n't think colombia should be 5th in the elo rankings . 
  i mean they are good , but 5th ? 
  i 'd put france and chile above them . 
  good . 
  haha , not a bad idea, 
  what is this `` soccer '' you speak of ? 
  what , so native americans are these [ guys ] ( http://www.silverbearcafe.com/private/10.12/images/fat-guy-on-scooter.jpg ), 
  just tell them all the armies of the eu will be at instabul to take it back if they dont stop being cunts . 
  fair point , oh well !, 
  guess silesia will just have to become eastern moravia . 
  it would have been much easier to just use the english flag , start in the middle and expand outwards . 
  too bad i guess :p you could put yellow instead of white !, 
  could n't you just say that the blue is for moravia ? 
   `` what was the point ? '', 
  i 've asked myself this everyday since the vote . 
  absolute waste of time . 
   `` hitler and other nazi leaders viewed the jews not as a religious group , but as a poisonous `` race , '' which `` lived off '' the other races and weakened them . '', 
  hitler used racial terminology when talking about jews . 
  it does n't matter if jews are n't a race , there 's no real such thing as race anyway . 
  '' * antisemitism ( also spelled anti-semitism or anti-semitism ) is hostility , prejudice , or discrimination against jews . 
  a person who holds such positions is called an antisemite . 
  * '' the definition does n't specify race or religion , just `` jews '' which are often considered both a race and a religious group . 
  anti-semitism covers it well enough . 
   yeah , and so were americans and australians . 
  you do n't seem to notice when you contradict yourself , strange . 
  not all were actually . 
  i do n't see a contradiction . 
   the boundary between england and the other countries of the british isles are arbitrary political boundaries , not lingual boundaries . 
  oh , you 're one of those `` borders are bullshit '' people . 
  haha , alright . 
  * this is the hill you 're choosing to die on ? 
  *  how can you not follow your own logic ? 
  english gets spoken in ireland , therefore it belongs ( equally ) to the irish , even if it was born in england . 
  no , that is not the same . 
  st patrick is meaningless in england therefore he belongs to ireland . 
  english is spoken in england and has evolved more so here than anywhere . 
  of course it belongs to us the most lmfao . 
  what an awful comparison . 
   laughably wrong . 
  forcing kids to spend years of their life learning a language no other humans speak is a good thing ? 
  you can force people to believe things . 
  how do you think protestantism took over england , you think the english people chose it ? 
  it was forced on them . 
  morally . 
  morally you can not try and force people to believe things . 
  you fucking knew what i meant . 
   laughably wrong . 
  forcing kids to spend years of their life learning a language no other humans speak is a good thing ? 
  speaking the language of their ancestors , what is wrong with that ? 
  is welsh pointless ? 
  german ( only 2 big nations speak it and tbh calling austria a big nation is a stretch nowadays ) ? 
  you 're some kind of globalist hippy , i can tell . 
   you really sound like a racist , who gives a shit where someone was born ? 
  they had no choice in that just as they had no choice in what race they were . 
  i 'd rather have a good person from the worst country in the world than a bad person from the best country in the world . 
  lol , it 's hilarious how white people who decide they 'd like their patron saint to be a guy who did things in their own nations are racist and yet some american indian not allowing a european-american in his tribe is `` protecting his cultural heritage '' . 
  and what you said there makes no sense . 
  st edmund was an east anglian king , not some thug who is just the `` best we 've got , shame he is shit '' type thing . 
  what on earth is wrong with wanting an englishmen to be the patron saint of england over st george ( a guy who is shared with many other places , just as the st george 's cross is ) . 
  rather have dat wyvern flag . 
  honestly people like you are why the word `` racism '' will eventually , if it is n't already , become meaningless . 
  call me a racist all you like , i 'm comfortable in the fact that i 'm not . 
  and you calling me that wont make me change my mind , so , go ahead i guess . 
  call me nasty words . 
  go on , i love it xx edit :  so you 're saying that opposing inter-racial marriage is not inherently racist . 
  this is the hill you 're choosing to die on ? 
  if we are going by the official definition ( believing one race is superior ) than no , it is n't inherently racist . 
  it would be discriminatory for sure . 
  but since we are talking about official definitions , you 're factually wrong . 
  and as i said above , you saying that further devalues the word `` racist '' . 
  it is applied to anyone and everyone who in anyway opposes anything a race or religion separate from their own does . 
  not only does it stifle discussion but it just devalues the power of words . 
  yeah but a probable 4 year presidency is n't the same as brexit . 
  it 's not even just that , many young people identify with the eu and will want that back . 
  it 's important to understand that in the next 20-40 years the ruling government will most likely be people who are pro-eu and voted remain . 
  they did n't choose to leave and the eu should understand that fact . 
  the leavers will be either dead ( everyone 60 + now will certainly be , and they overwhelmingly voted leave ) or pensioners . 
  the young people in this country are overwhelmingly pro-eu . 
  and this experience has only made that identity stronger imo . 
  i 100 % could see us rejoining in 20-40 years from now . 
   how were the angles distinct from the saxons to consider the amalgamations of those cultures to count as distinct from their imported culture ? 
  anglo-saxon , or the idea of being from england in general , only came around 4 or even 5 hundred years after they came to modern day england . 
  you 're telling me nothing changed in those times ? 
  for a long time , angles and saxons saw themselves as different peoples ( i mean they lived in 7 different kingdoms , 3 belonging to angles and 4 to saxons ) . 
  this passage from wikipedia ( anglo-saxon article ) suggests there was indeed a bit of celtic influence on the early anglo-saxons . 
   by the middle of the 6th century , some brythonic people in the lowlands of britain had moved across the sea to form brittany , and some had moved west , but the majority were abandoning their past language and culture and adopting the new culture of the anglo-saxons . 
  as they adopted this language and culture , the barriers began to dissolve between peoples , who had earlier lived parallel lives . 
  [ 40 ] * the archaeological evidence shows considerable continuity in the system of landscape and local governance , [ 41 ] which was inherited from the indigenous community . 
  there is evidence for a fusion of culture in this early period . 
  [ 42 ] brythonic names appear in the lists of anglo-saxon elite . 
  * the wessex royal line was traditionally founded by a man named cerdic , an undoubtedly celtic name ultimately derived from caratacus . 
  this may indicate that cerdic was a native briton , and that his dynasty became anglicised over time .
