  norway also pays money to the eu but has no say in anything . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  fuck off , the eu is n't killing anyone . 
  damn nice figure for us there . 
  in the uk the bbc is pushing for more diverse tv shows ( or at least they 're being pressured to so ) even though more than 15 % of their employed actors are minorities . 
  in the uk some fucking people think 50/50 is fair . 
  it is n't racist , people have their head in the sands . 
  people need to wake up really . 
  add that to the list of things we 've beaten you at  if there 's room . 
  edit : phone autocorrects if to i 'd :@, 
  f1 fans do . 
  i know the german and austrian anthems well . 
  jerusalem would be the anthem if dave bothered to sort it out . 
  it 's basically a matter of time until its changed . 
  i do n't need rest , i 'm fuelled by the tears of capitalist pigs, 
  i was n't ever truly awake until this day . 
  glory to putin !, 
  you were n't happy about being annexed by russia again i take it , my friend ? 
  i do genuinely love that anthem . 
  it 's the only one that is better than jerusalem for me . 
  if only we could hear them both at the euros in one stadium . 
  i 'd kill someone for that . 
  you ca n't praise putin when you 're sleeping ... 
  ah right ok . 
  i hope they never try it again - but you never know with argentina . 
  for me , it is n't oil or sheep lol - people there wanted to remain british , it 's their home and therefore they should decide . 
  i 'd happily support an invasion to take it back from the argentines if they decide to occupy it again . 
  breaking : ireland lies within british waters - set to be annexed into britain tomorrow !, 
  or better still - maybe the next day britain will be found to be within french waters and should be annexed by france . 
  the faroe islands are close too , once they 've been annexed into the new france , maybe iceland will too since they 're not too far from the faroe islands ... oh and whilst we are at it , the 2014 world cup will be given to argentina because they are closer to brazil than germany , thus giving them ownership of that years title . 
  this logic really is brilliant . 
  yeah but you ca n't send kids back on their own even if the country is safe can you really ? 
  and i did say we should look to have them adopted by syrian families who perhaps lost their children or just want a child . 
  with all the checks and such of course . 
  even if you think it 's impossible to rebuild , that does n't mean you ca n't try . 
  you have to try to do it really . 
  oh yeah my bad , i was talking directly to a scottish guy so i did n't really think about it . 
  year 4-6 is ages 9 , 10 , 11 . 
  you start at 8 but you become nine in year 4 etc. 
  well , i did n't actually say that , that 's how you interpreted it . 
  that 's very mature , resorting to name calling . 
  and you say about `` what the uk has become '' the uk is one of the most powerful nations on earth , one of a few with a nuclear arsenal , one of the best economies , fantastic employment rates , some of the best universities around , a cultural superpower . 
  we had the first welfare state as well and it still exists today . 
  i 'm very proud of my country and its history thanks . 
  your mentality makes me think you have an inferiority complex . 
  insulting my country and calling me names for no reason really . 
  i have n't insulted ireland once . 
  look , i have nothing against syrian people on a personal level . 
  but how is syria as a nation going to function if we let everyone stay ? 
  and what of all the other people living in shit countries ? 
  is it fair we let them suffer whilst some get to leave for europe ? 
  yes , i 'd send him back . 
  not because i hate him , not because he 's foreign and not because he 's likely got different skin colour . 
  no , because you ca n't let your emotions for people drive a political decisions like this . 
  i maintain that the only people who should stay are orphans and even then i think we should look to help them get back to syria with a loving family . 
  syria will need rebuilding , it ca n't rebuild when it 's best people and kids are in europe . 
  the syrian people have to rebuild syria themselves . 
  true . 
  the only person in my junior school ( year 4-6 if you did n't know ) who was openly religious was not a popular kid , people often took the piss or thought he was weird . 
  to be honest though i do n't think anyone should adopt a religion until they are old enough to know what everything means . 
  i ca n't stand parents who have kids and brainwash them from birth into their religion . 
  someone a couple of years younger than me who was at my school was forced to grow up a vegetarian because her mum was a vegetarian . 
  i mean that 's just bad . 
  that 's a shame that is . 
  i was joking with you about the francis drake thing though ( do n't know how much of my sarcasm people get sometimes online ) , pretty much all most people know about him is he helped best the spanish  but i guess yeah he is an example as you said , 
  that 's because : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3dbd2yyen0, 
  you do know who francis drake is though , right ? 
  none should be staying , unless you are an orphan . 
  what merkel has done is crazy . 
  honestly i think most people under 30 are athiest or agnostic . 
  being religious as a young person is mocked basically . 
  actually he did say he wanted to bring back slavery : https://youtu.be/0ybumqhpaeu?t=52s, 
  god wills it ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_constantinople rule britannia !, 
  it is n't a hundred thousand though is it , it 's 18 million people or more who lived in syria . 
  and they have n't lost their homeland , it is just in a state of war . 
  it will finish one day and i think they should be made to go back afterwards . 
  it 's strange , christianity makes up 56 % of the people in newcastle ( random city , i 'm not even from there ) but clearly 56 % of people do n't pray or go to church . 
  i feel like people see christianity as a heritage thing in the census , i 'd like to know the actual number of practising christians . 
  there is clearly a fair few `` non practising christians '' ( i guess people who are christened but do n't participate ? ), 
  about . 
  i dunno , i think the uk is quite safe compared to most places . 
   british refers to the people of britain , originally the brittonic speaking britons ( celts like the irish , but a different branch ) and then the name-adopting british empire . 
  and ? 
  it 's just a name for a collection of islands . 
  you do n't have to use it or like it - but i will continue to use it . 
   great britain is called so to distinguish it from ` little britain ' , which despite the tv show is actually brittany , the region of france which was settled by britons fleeing the saxon invasion . 
  these days , britain and great britain are the same thing . 
  i know that , but great britain is still a term used too so i 'll use it if i like . 
   no , it was n't . 
  i 've already explained the origin of the name to you as being specifically created for the english monarchy to lay claim to the rest of the future uk , and this was 130 years before the act of union with scotland and 220 years before the act of union with ireland . 
  when england and scotland joined , it became simply great britain - how is that laying claim to ireland lol . 
  you 're not explaining anything i did n't already know - what geography are you explaining lol , the british isles are a simple thing to grasp . 
  it is geographic though , british isles does n't refer to a nation or a political entity , thus making it geographic . 
  britain or british is a geographic entity too , great britain is the largest island in it , the romans called it britannia too . 
  it was just a name that made sense for the union when it happened . 
  uk , spain , denmark , sweden , norway , netherlands , belgium , litchenstein , andorra , monaco are all places in western europe with monarchs . 
  only 3 of those are tiny little places as well . 
  having said that , i 'm not a fan of the monarch . 
  and no i 've not been to ireland , but i have used `` british isles '' before and nobody has said anything .
