  says it all imo . 
  spot on . 
  it 's not just about problems in the islamic community for me . 
  even if they were all nice people , there is still a fundamental issue . 
  you 're supplanting a people from their cities , cities which they 've inhabited for centuries , land which their ancestors have lived on for probably over 1000 years . 
  it 's why people celebrating london 's diversity piss me off . 
  that was only possible because people like my grandparents felt alienated and left . 
  white flight is n't a joke really . 
  people feel that their city/community has been flooded and decide to leave because they no longer feel like they belong to their home towns . 
  i do n't think destroying english communities in london was an achievement , but whatever . 
  all you need to do is have a kebab and tell yourself that diversity is good over and over and eventually you 'll believe it . 
  come on i think we know what he is implying there . 
  it 's funny though , you would n't accuse a native american of being far right for saying you are n't iroquois because you do n't have iroquois blood ... 
  when a white european has the nerve to suggest it , he 's far right . 
  i assumed that 's what you 're implying anyway . 
  i disagree . 
  i think people would say some of my view points are a bit nationalistic , but i am also of the of the same opinion of wanting a strong europe . 
  heck , i 've said it before , i would n't mind if europe became a super state one day in the future . 
  it just needs to be done correctly . 
  but that does n't mean i do n't like being english . 
  i 'd always consider myself as such , and that would n't change if europe became a country tomorrow . 
  we can have more than 1 identity . 
  for me the only way europe will remain a relevant power in the long run is if we come together . 
  we need to get our shit together yurop . 
  haha what ? 
  you 're basically saying you would n't mind european culture dying as long as it is not violent ? 
  my mind is absolutely blown . 
  you go and tell the family members who fought and died defending your nation that in the past . 
  i 'm sure they 'll all be turning in their graves mate . 
  lol , trust them to ban an opinion they do n't like . 
  having an anglicised name does help immensely . 
  people think a bloke called steve jones is a regular guy , people instantly associate mohammed rhman with islam ( for better or worse ) . 
  many americans changed their names ( german ancestry americans anyway ) during the first world war and you genuinely would n't even know it unless you 're a member of that family and you 've looked at family history . 
  in other words , i think its just another small aspect that adds up to people being shut out of society and failing to assimilate . 
  i know that first part ( although it was the angles alone that named norfolk and suffolk , which is why they are simply north folk and south folk ) , but the second part is not correct . 
  check out this from wikipedia :  - the roman settlement fell into disuse around 450 ce , and the anglo-saxons settled on the site of the modern city between the 5th and 7th centuries , [ 9 ] founding the towns of northwic ( from which norwich gets its name ) , [ 10 ] westwic ( at norwich-over-the-water ) and the secondary settlement at thorpe  - between 924 and 939 , norwich became fully established as a town , with its own mint . 
  the word norvic appears on coins across europe minted during this period , in the reign of king athelstan . 
   - at the time of the norman conquest the city was one of the largest in england norwich is a very old city , and was well established before the normans even set foot in england . 
  the normans did build our castle and cathedral though of stone from caen !, 
  she 's an idiot , especially after the migrant crisis and how she handled that one . 
  norwich is probably more like `` north settlement '' tbh . 
  norfolk means north folk , so the `` nor '' in norwich means north based on that of course . 
  `` people '' does n't come into the equation . 
  edit : got to love people who downvote facts they do n't like ... 
  i wonder , when the mp 's who favour this sort of thing leave work at the end of the day ( or finish for the day , whatever ) , do they genuinely believe they 've helped anyone or done something that benefits this country ? 
  why the fuck are we faffing around with `` omgz pr0nz ban it all '' when theres so much actual stuff that needs solving ? 
  ffs , just kick these cunts out next election please ... 
   they 're stuck on the same island as those nutcases yes because all of england voted brexit and loves the government ... 
  anglo-mercia stronk !, 
  i like it , so long as the capital is norwich . 
  well half of them anyway :p, 
  much easier to enforce that law on 350k people than what must easily be over 1 million people by now . 
  especially since so many of them do n't have a passport or documents do they ? 
  the problem is , germany will rely on foreign workers to support a huge aging population , which they wo n't be able to simply deport and thus they 'll likely stick around rather than go back to wherever they came from by choice . 
  germany needs to solve this problem quickly . 
  need to encourage more germans to have more kids somehow ... or robots . 
  but that does n't stop population decline . 
  edit : oh and i 'm not just talking about syrians leaving . 
  we both know you 're getting more than just syrians . 
  many of them are just looking for better prospects , which means they do n't really care about your country , my country or any other country in europe . 
  ( see my lithuania example again ) . 
  what do you mean you 're not replacing anyone ? 
  if the population of native germans is decreasing but the population overall is sustainable then clearly someone is being replaced ... is it not a serious question ? 
  how many young syrian men have ( understandly ) fled syria with no intention of going back ? 
  i do n't blame them , but you 're nuts if you think they care about germany like the german people do . 
  the same bunch from syria/god knows where did n't like lithuania very much , or poland . 
  an economic migrant goes where the money is . 
  i care about the continent , 
   plus we are projected to experience a significant decline in workforce in the near future . 
  sure , but is replacing germans with immigrants a good thing ? 
  what will become of the germanic peoples there if , over time , you keep replacing them ? 
  does n't that worry anyone ? 
  local customs and culture that could die as a result ? 
  heck i even saw a mayor ( is that what it would be over there ? ), 
  in a german city say she thought it was a good thing that germans would not be the majority in her city . 
  absolute madness . 
  i 'm not even german , and it bothers me . 
  sure it is good for your economy but the economy is n't everything . 
  in my opinion anyway . 
  i live in the east of england , and it is not the richest place around here , if someone told me that i could have 200,000 refugees to make us the richest area of england , i would n't take it . 
   the first representative polling of our refugees , published today , suggests otherwise . 
  they like the fact that they can be there , but if the hard times came to germany , who would be the first to leave ? 
   very big win for the german economy not such a big win for working class germans though . 
  also probably is n't good for german/european unity , importing millions of people who do n't care about your country/continent is n't usually a good thing . 
  fuck me , why ? 
  that 's brilliant , how is this the first time i 've seen it linked ? 
  understood . 
  i wondered what your definition of `` some degree of global migration '' was . 
  i do n't think we need immigration in order to be innovative , but i 'm fine with taking in an allocated amount of highly skilled workers . 
  japan and korea are doing quite well without taking in lots of people , of any skill level . 
  what we really need to do is take a leaf out of their book in how to produce our own workers that we need , the fact that we are n't producing enough is concerning . 
   if the price is dropping , then it can handle a steady increase in the population but explain , how is cutting the health budget and straining services ( meaning we can not support more people ) , going to help sustain a bigger population ? 
  i really do n't understand the point you 're trying to make anymore , honestly . 
  yes it 's not optimal but how is cutting spending on a not optimal system going to help it ? 
  it 's just making it worse , waiting times are going up , staff morale is low and still falling . 
   if the price is dropping , then it can handle a steady increase in the population did you miss the part where it is more strained than ever in britain ? 
   better does n't mean more expensive . 
  in fact it means the opposite in this case . 
  i am sayin that your current system is inefficient . 
  sure , but the uk already has a very efficient health service compared to the rest of the world .
