  we 've never needed them in the past , so why now ? 
  or is this going to be another left wing lectures about how you should just accept everything people do because they are people . 
  i 've heard that a few times . 
  like op said , is it weird that i 'm actually glad it was just an assassination ? 
  distribution is not the issue , shear numbers are . 
  we have the same population as france almost , but in half the space . 
  freedom of movement is all fine and dandy if you live in a poor country . 
  i 'd prefer us , german , french etc. 
  immigrants to romanians and the like . 
  we could learn stuff from other developed nations and the people there have similar values . 
  there is nothing to learn from eastern europeans really ... in terms of cultural enhancement . 
  if you like that kind of thing . 
  not a fan personally . 
  kind of like english culture . 
  can someone explain to me why the eu is responsible for these syrianrefugees and the migrants in the mediterranean ? 
  his logic is : `` cuz your brown '' basically . 
  he might be slightly racist . 
  why would anyone hate them ? 
  `` tolerance and apathy are the last virtues of a dying society '' why do we tolerate this bullshit ? 
  they should be assimilating , not getting special treatment . 
  sorry , the arrogance might be the german part of us shining through  :p, 
  why do you not like us ? 
  i thought france and england were friends now ? 
  funny that , since half of eastern europe wants to be here . 
  i would say in england , nowadays i hear more dislike for eastern europeans and muslims than anything else . 
  it is not a universal thing , but we do n't really hate anyone . 
  but those two groups would be the most disliked in a poll i reckon . 
  there is a fair few anti-muslim and anti-eu people around now . 
  oh and maybe the argentinians would be up there to . 
  i would n't call them all racists either , until i 've heard their reasons . 
  well , do n't be surprised if we leave then . 
  because people are sick of it . 
  yeah i agree with you, 
  i do n't personally mind poles being here , i dont think they put people out of work . 
  but if it did become an issue i do n't think we can let that continue, 
  i said in a hypothetical scenario , i did n't say it actually happens . 
  what i was asking was , if it was the case and people were being put out of jobs by cheap foreign labour , is that ok ? 
  bad food ? 
  they eat fucking puffer fish ... 
   the poles have took the jobs of 16-21 year olds on sites who were getting paid the same or a lower amount anyway . 
  explain to me how foreigners putting natives out of employment is fine ? 
  i 'm not saying that is what has happened as i do n't know the figures , but please tell me in a hypothetical scenario how this is ok and fine with you . 
  the last thing we need is loads more muslim immigrants - we have issues as it is with extremism in our cities . 
  we need to limit the flow - not cut it off , just be more cautious whilst we improve things . 
  nope , i do n't want open borders with turkey . 
  i do n't agree with turkey being in the eu either , it is n't european anyway . 
  you ca n't deny that there is plenty of people who are voting purely on `` those eastern europeans are taking our jobs '' and that is what i 'm talking about here , thats not a reason to vote out . 
  it 's not good for people not to assimilate though . 
  oh it 's not hard to assimilate ( especially in big cities ) but as you said - some do n't want too . 
  i just meant impossible to tell the difference integrated . 
  2nd generation still have things from their immigrant parents . 
  america and the uk are not really relevant comparisons for assimilation simply because the usa is more diverse than the uk . 
  it 's easier to assimilate there . 
  or lithuanians . 
  i cringe a little when those chavs sit there and talk shit about eastern europeans . 
  they 're not bad people , no worse than the chavs who talk shit . 
  i actually think like you said that third world and muslim immigration is worse than eastern europe . 
  eastern europeans who move here and start a family will be fully integrated by the third generation . 
  not all muslims are . 
  the evidence i use is that i had a couple of ancestors from moravia , they moved to the uk in the 1860 's and by ww1 they were voluntarily fighting for britain . 
  one case but you ca n't deny it 's easier to assimilate if you are n't clinging on to islam . 
  in a regular school curriculum there is n't really time . 
  you 've got numerous other subjects to consider . 
  the state of our history curriculum is sad . 
  i did n't learn anything about the angle , saxon and jutes coming to england . 
  i did n't learn anything about the coming of the danes , the danelaw or alfred the great - absolutely nothing about the origins of england the people . 
  that is the sort of history that needs to be studied by english kids . 
  but hey , at least i can do algebra . 
  at degree level you 've got more time but even then you 're spending more time on certain topics . 
  whilst that might be a nice thing to do , it ca n't really happen . 
  kids learning history need to learn their own history and then you just fill in the important bits around that . 
  for example , you might learn about british/english history and then throw in things like rome , egypt , greece . 
  learning about india , china etc. 
  is nice in theory but in reality there is n't enough time . 
  british kids barely know a thing about the empire as it is , and that 's like our golden age . 
  because white people have done better at conquering and oppressing than anyone else , some white people are subconsciously feel guilty and thus go to unreasonable lengths to appease minorities . 
  my mistake , you do n't have white guilt , you 're just wrong . 
  the british empire does n't give someone a divine right to live in the uk . 
  it 's a sad excuse . 
  almost as bad as people who demand reparations . 
  not impossible , but it 's more unlikely than what i said . 
  what are you saying do n't worry about the future because you do n't have a clue what 's going to happen ? 
  do n't plan ahead ? 
  he 's right though . 
  in 200 years from now israel might be weaker , they might lose us support for any reason . 
  what then ? 
  if they lose the us they 're absolutely fucked long term . 
  although i hope within 200 years europe can unite as a country and support israel too . 
  i got told this on reddit . 
  i said i 'd like to live amongst english people rather than immigrants and this guy was asking me why for ages . 
  he decided i was racist after he read it the first time , i guess he just wanted to push his agenda and prove it and `` rat out a racist '' or something . 
  lovely stuff . 
  the white guilt here is a disgrace . 
  this is what you get when you invite loads of people from opposing groups into a country ( not just aimed at france ) . 
  they do n't leave their problems at the door step . 
  muslims hate jews , that 's a fact . 
  and it is n't a small amount or a minority . 
  it 's very much the majority . 
  you have some serious white guilt . 
  haha , i ca n't imagine that : o,
