  making it the entire east , north and middle of england . 
  that 's 3 of the 4 most important ones . 
  the only `` great '' saxon kingdom was wessex really . 
  research `` offa of mercia '' , he is one of the greatest kings in english history , maybe even the most powerful bretwelda before england was united . 
  [ look at this map ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-34a2c265e3fb093091b9e867919d633c-p ) and remember this , the angles bore the brunt of the vikings . 
  wessex and the saxons would have suffered just as badly if they were on that coast line . 
  alfred could n't pose as a saxon king ruling over angles so he encouraged people to think of themselves as one people - the english , anglo-saxons . 
  the shitstorm of the vikings helped cement that idea . 
  although it is apparently possible that the idea of `` english '' goes back a bit further than alfred , the saxons and angles were similar tribes so it could be a thing . 
  edit : one more thing , bede is the primary historian of the time and he always used the term that refereed to angles over saxons . 
  i assume this just caught on since no one else really wrote down much history . 
  it 's nothing to do with pandering . 
  i 'm not sure i like that idea mind , but it 's hard to deny now ... 
  someone execute this traitor, 
  well no up until barbarossa we * were * the last man standing . 
  i think the government also just blamed the irish for `` breeding too much '' and thought it was nature at work . 
  obviously that 's bollocks though , but that 's what i heard anyway . 
  the famine was an absolutely horrifying crime . 
  he definitely sowed the seeds imo . 
  yeah i mean st.georges day should be a national holiday in england . 
  that would suffice . 
  in terms of a british holiday , the day we signed the act of union in 1707 would be good . 
  i would tell you the date but my chrome app is fucking around : l edit : the agreement was made on 22nd july 1706 and it came into effect on 1st may 1707 . 
  1st may is already a holiday ( may day ) though : /, 
  or ya know , that huge world war from 1914-18 might have had something to do with it . 
  chamberlain is not the worst one . 
  he appeased hitler because he and everyone else was praying for peace . 
  easy to look at it with hindsight and slate him from your peaceful , secure location . 
  as for the suez crisis , sure it made us look bad but it did n't cause instability in the same way may has done and with brexit looming it may only get worse for her . 
  well i mean theresa has only caused huge instability during the most important 2 years in recent history . 
  she will go down as the worst for sure . 
  well , it is n't free speech if certain things are banned . 
  britain 's is bad . 
  uninspiring , dull and slow . 
  it 's awful in my opinion . 
  land of hope and glory for the uk , jerusalem for england . 
  i love jerusalem . 
  it seems very aloof . 
  and people seem to think its a foreign power , which it is n't . 
  [ there is technically evidence to show that lower education = more likely to vote leave . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-38762034 ) the majority of experts wanted to stay , i think it says a lot . 
  do people pronounce ist as is a lot ? 
  that 's the kind of shit we need to be taught in the uk . 
  when i learnt german it was like the equalivilant of the queens english i reckon . 
  i hear `` america '' and `` the us '' the most for sure . 
  of course , the worst part of driving in france is that you 're in france . 
  do n't worry mate , constantinople can in to greece . 
  personally i wish they 'd just be friends with us again . 
  unfortunately so, 
  lol, 
  haha , i 'm not a royalist  i 'm pretty much a republican at this point . 
  i agree , there would have to be some kind of work around for people in higher education or something . 
  i do n't know , but it would help our youth that are prone to going off the rails become adults potentially . 
  to be fair there are some chavs in england who could really use this type of thing . 
  you have a lot in common with us , 
  they would n't be better off or anything . 
  it would be seriously bad for them . 
  the thing about anglo-american relations is that it is more valuable to us than it is to you . 
  i 'm not saying you do n't like us , but obama has been quoted as saying france was your best friend once i believe . 
  that was a real slap in the face of every englishmen especially . 
  where as canada has fought side by side with us through the entirety of two world wars , voluntarily stayed in the commonwealth ( and thus , shares a head of state ) and generally has more in common with us politically . 
  and they did n't revolt , 
  1066 we 'll put down to vikings pretending to be french and as for * that * motto , that 's the monarchs . 
  i 'd dissolve the monarchy , 
  to be fair i 'd still rub agincourt in the face of a frenchmen . 
  solid days work that, 
  and canada . 
  we are better friends with them than the us . 
  to add to what the other person said , bosnia is 50 % muslim , 45 % christian ( catholic and orthodox ) so to call it a muslim country is not really correct . 
  albania is muslim , as islam is 56 % and christianity is 16 % there . 
  albanians though are ethnically european . 
  but that is still only 1.6 million muslims . 
  that 's true . 
  however turkey is also the first major muslim nation you come across near europe . 
  so it 's the obvious border for me . 
  as a result they have much different traditions and have always been on the opposite side of history to the christian nations of europe . 
  just how azerbaijan is also not european imo . 
  japan probably , both because of current and past things . 
  japanese culture seems interesting to a westerner with no experience of it . 
  and their history is cool , sengoku jidai particularly . 
  there 's probably an indian , chinese or chippy in every village , town or city in the uk . 
  most of which are little independent shops for those who do n't know . 
  crazy how many of those shops there are here , they must far outnumber anything else . 
  looks really nice actually , that 's definitely the sort of place i 'm talking about . 
  has a similar population to the city i live right near now as well . 
  yeah i could imagine that is true , norwich is very important to norfolk . 
  norwich is one of my favourite places tbh , it 's a nice little city . 
  i think the problem starts with london getting a lot of funding over other areas , which i totally understand , but that then leads to situations where the council here have to prioritise and then that affects smaller towns like yarmouth . 
  if the council got given a little more they 'd be able to pump a bit more money into our smaller towns . 
  assuming the uk is out of the question and language is n't a factor since i ca n't speak anything other than english , maybe a small city surrounded by nice scenery , like somewhere in austria or southern germany . 
  not sure what cities fit that , but something like that would be nice . 
  to be fair i 'm sure the council in norfolk would love to make yarmouth more attractive but ultimately i just do n't think we get the funding from westminster to do that . 
  i blame london . 
  i did suspect a bit of sarcasm , yarmouth is n't a bad place to spend the day but awesome is a bit far :p i always liked the slot machines haha , i used to play the ones in gorleston sometimes more than the ones in yarmouth ( i went to college in gorleston so we 'd go down to the seafront a lot ) . 
  they 're good for getting rid of 2p 's at any rate , and its fun for kids . 
  i rarely had it but i do remember it being very good . 
  probably for the best it died . 
  to be fair i think a lot of europeans simply say `` i went to prague '' or `` i went to london '' rather than the country name if they only went to the city . 
  which i like , saying you went to the uk and only going to london kills me inside . 
  i hope you tried the fish and chips there .
