  like the other day i was watching johnny english and he said `` the only thing the french should be allowed to host is an invasion '' . 
  and yet we are pretty good friends , we 've fought side by side in two world wars for example . 
  rule britannia !, 
  why ? 
  we do n't see eye to eye on everything , but we are logical allies . 
  we are cut from the same cloth . 
  where i live has just been a breadbasket forever lol, 
  that would be a shit world to live in . 
  i could happily tell you about transport in norfolk : it 's fucking shit . 
  that 's what you need to know . 
  i 'm only playing around mate  you 'll wish you were english after we are finished with you at the euros though :p, 
  in reality , the welsh are just englishmen in denial . 
  wales has n't been independent since the mongolians were conquering asia and the middle east . 
  that 's how long ago it is . 
  yeah , some people are held back if they have special needs - but that 's not too common . 
  it 's like for normal people they just drag you through the education system as fast as possible . 
  does n't surprise me , i attended 2 schools which shortly after i left were declared failing schools ( they were failing when i was there , but they got away with it by papering over cracks for ofsted inspections ) . 
  i guess i did pretty well considering the schools i was at . 
  i like latin , do n't get me wrong lol . 
  it 's just `` imperial europe '' or europe empire - not sure on the correct translation - is n't an ideal name haha, 
  yeah , does sound cool . 
  not real ideal though lol, 
  it would cost me # 2.60 for a single ticket on a 4 minute journey near where i live . 
  it 's literally 1 village to the next . 
  apes ? 
  what the fuck dude . 
  i would also like a free place to live - is there somewhere i can sign up ? 
  a free house in my local area should do just nicely . 
  poland can into space !, 
  what do you mean `` lolno '' ? 
  they 've already said it . 
  downvote all you like , its true . 
  `` the strong do what they can , the weak suffer what they must '' it 's important for europe to be strong . 
  the german states had been divided for their entire existence , but overnight bismarck formed probably the second most powerful state on earth and today it still stands . 
  yeah , but then churchill is probably rolling in his grave too . 
  as are many britons who were around and high up during the empire . 
  what does napoleon have to do with anything lol ? 
  5 or 10 years is ridiculously short . 
  it frustrates me to no end when they say shit like that . 
  the scottish wo n't be allowed into the eu anyway if they leave . 
  spain and belgium will deny entry . 
  spineless bastards . 
  i ca n't believe how weak the west looks nowadays . 
  we used to rule the fucking world and now we ca n't even display our own statues because `` someone might get offended '' . 
  i 'm not advocating for imperialism either , but you can see how bad that fall is . 
  oh come on , if they put all of their effort into it they could . 
  the full force of russia is n't geared to conquering europe , but if they wanted to they could . 
  the us know that , which is why they are still here . 
  i 'm pretty sure russia could take every country they wanted to up to france if they tried . 
  who between russia and france has the capability to stop russia if the us leave ? 
  honestly , speak to most 16 or 18 year olds and they do n't care about anything to do with the empire or anything like that . 
  many young people are far too self-absorbed and just plain ignorant about current world events . 
  i would know , i 'm 18 and i speak to them daily  and yeah we do share a sense of unity with australia , canada , new zealand and other anglosphere nations . 
  why would n't we ? 
  we are descended from the same people - you only have to go back 400 years or so to find our ancestors all in england before they spread out across the world . 
  400 years is n't a long time in the grand scheme of things . 
  heck , in the first world war , australians still saw britain as `` the motherland '' . 
  that 's around 100 years ago . 
  nukes prove that weapons can keep peace . 
  breaking and entering * , 
  the celts that were in england also adopted anglo-saxon names and culture . 
  also , anglo-saxon dna is stronger in certain areas of the country and weaker in others . 
  east anglia is one of the strongest ( saxon coast it was called by the romans so its not a hard one to guess  ), 
  necessary sacrifice . 
  moral of that story : do n't break the fucking law, 
  no , because kate from edinburgh might call the government racist if you do that , and kate 's opinion is pretty important, 
  fucking animals - just deport them for fuck sake . 
  they do n't deserve to be in france or the uk . 
  our politicians are cowards - absolutely spineless . 
  none of the uk government will do that , they 're scared of being called nasty names by john smith from stoke who failed gcse english and works in tesco, 
  a country that has never been independent - haha that 's pretty damning, 
  the last time they were independent was 1280 's - the roman empire has been a state more recently than wales . 
  i do n't call you holland - i always correct people , 
  it 's funny , even the egyptian president considers our civilization superior . 
  yet if you say that to some people their jaws hit the flaw and they call you racist . 
  you do n't have to like the man to take the scholarship . 
  but to ask that we tear his statue down because a foreigner got offended is pathetic . 
  it 's our country , we do n't have to bow to the demands . 
  i do n't agree with rhodes ' actions , he did a lot of bad . 
  but his actions also led to good . 
  i know he 's a dick , but did you know his ultimate dream was a world united under british rule so that the world would not be at war and so that they could `` promote the best interests of humanity '' ? 
  if he had somehow brought about this goal and made peace a reality across the globe for a long time , how would he be viewed ? 
  cape town university campus is built on land he left to south africa . 
  and as mentioned , he established a fucking scholarship for british empire/former subjects abroad to study in oxford . 
  he did a lot of shit , and i know its a weak defence because you can do a lot of shit under '' he had the best of intentions '' but he tried to do the best he could for the future of the empire . 
  hence his statues . 
  that 's not a relevant comparison now . 
  we 've stopped imperialism now , you do n't get to `` get revenge '' . 
  petty things like that lead to more disputes . 
  that 's a stupid thing to say . 
  our barbaric past ? 
  fuck off mate . 
  we did some shit , as every strong nation has done . 
  but we did a lot of good . 
  a heck of a lot . 
  crushed napoleon . 
  crushed hitler . 
  science innovations the industrial revolution . 
  we fucking set the path for another super power to rise ( usa ) and birthed 3 anglo-saxon based western style democracies in australia , nz and canada . 
  they have all done a lot of good too .
