  plus your country is far bigger than the european states , so you have more room to put them . 
  some of those are not even syrian , they 're just economic migrants . 
  where are all the women and children ? 
  anyway , you should n't really say that because `` that 's racist '' and europe needs to be multicultural , so let them all in i guess . 
  come and enhance my shitty culture please oh enlightened ones !, 
  it 's the same in all of northern and western europe is n't it ? 
  haha , alright then . 
  that 's not so bad, 
  right now the uk is like a good roast dinner . 
  we have the yorkshires , the roast potatoes , the sausages , stuffing , some chicken , veg and some gravy . 
  it 's always nice to add some bacon onto the sausages , its great to add some different veg and a good amount of gravy is cool but once you start slapping too bacon all over it and adding too much of everything , it just ruins it . 
  it just becomes a huge , irreversible mess . 
  a little variation is nice , but once you add too much , it is n't even the same thing anymore and it often tastes worse . 
  exactly . 
  but some people would still call that racism . 
  i meant as in the uk to leave europe , 
  like they would actually expose things in there . 
  it would be suppressed if it was too big . 
  i would love to see it though . 
  are you lot taking any immigrants then ? 
  made my day, 
  i 'm not really happy to let in thousands of terrorists into europe . 
  sounds like a recipe for middle east 2.0 to me . 
  imagine it . 
  germany could be letting in hundreds or even thousands of isis fighters . 
  that 's responsible . 
  guess which country will be leaving the eu then . 
  people will vote out if immigration is n't sorted . 
  got to love a bit of multiculturalism to make your boring english culture more interesting . 
  young muslims are really an issue . 
  if they get brainwashed its going to get messy . 
  fuck off then ? 
  taking in more refugees than the uk for example , does n't make you morally superior . 
  not everyone has space for them . 
  great , free houses ? 
  fuck that , i 'm getting a syrian passport and going to ireland !, 
  overthrow assad and support a new syrian state financially , militarily etc. 
  once it is stable power will be handed to the people . 
  could be done with military intervention . 
  these polls mean little . 
  it changed about 4 % in the no favour from the polls to the results i thought . 
  the elections suggested no conservative majority but we got one . 
  it 's the same with the scottish vote though . 
  churchill had a famous quote about voters calling the average voter pretty ignorant . 
  that would require all of our countries to reform immigration laws though . 
  it 'd be cool though . 
  we should have a closer union with the anglo sphere if we pull out of europe . 
  alright , swamp german . 
  well ignoring them would end pretty badly, 
  this is a far better idea than what is currently going on . 
  nice logic . 
  that second option is a real possibility too . 
  and if we do take any in , they should be sent back as soon as the situation is sorted out . 
  they should not be given permanent residence . 
  fuck that , i 'd rather leave . 
  what are we going to do with them ? 
  we have nowhere to put them . 
  we have a shortage of houses . 
  the houses that are being built should be going to british citizens first since if we can not care for ourselves , how can we care for others ? 
  personally , i would set up nato refugee camps in places in syria and iraq that are guarded by nato forces . 
  i 'd happily send the british troops to help with that . 
  that is the right thing to do . 
  we can help more that way . 
  if there is some there , europe can scrape some more money together and build more . 
  exactly . 
  all it will do is encourage more people go come here . 
  we do n't even have enough houses for the people here already . 
  i am intentionally using england ( i know full well the difference , i 'm not an american ) , since wales and scotland have no anglo-saxon in them . 
  that is why i said english people , as in the ethnic english people , are celtic/anglo-saxon in at least some of their genes as it were . 
  i 'm not saying you have to be ethnically english , scottish , welsh or northern irish to be british . 
  i was talking about england in particular , since that is where most immigrants come . 
  britain really is n't a melting pot . 
  85 % ethnic british is not a melting pot . 
  london , bradford , luton etc. 
  are melting pots , but you come to where i live and it is almost a different country in terms of the community make up . 
  it 's pretty much 95 % white in this county and my village has i think just the one foreign family . 
  a lot of england is similar to that . 
  - if you look at america though , most people have no relation to native americans . 
  who , by the way , are n't native at all . 
  every english person has `` celtic blood '' as it were . 
  - the point about loads of cultures is true in england until 1950 's . 
  so over 95 % of our history . 
  and even then these different cultures make up less than 10 % of our population i 'd wager . 
  sure about 15 % are n't ethnically british , but a fair few of those people assimilated . 
  and no , we are not a melting pot . 
  london , bradford , luton and the like may be , but most of england , and the uk as a whole , is n't . 
  heck , parts of london have ethnic english people as a minority . 
  but other parts of england it is much harder to find a black/brown person . 
  haha :p, 
  what are you doing here ? 
  pesky colonials at it again . 
  that was bombing , not a ground campaign . 
  and we were not even the main people in that . 
  does n't your username begin with t ? 
  for a country like the usa i would just call you american , not many people there can claim to have native american in them , thus meaning everyone there has different descent . 
  it is a country that is probably 99 % immigrants , so you do n't stand out there . 
  as long as you respect the laws and customs of the usa you have just as much right to be american as 99 % of the rest of the americans there . 
  that 's such a bullshit thing to say . 
  we are not entirely anglo-saxon , we are partly . 
  it is simply a myth that every celt in england left , most people in northern england and western england are far more celt than saxon .
