  what does it matter if he is american ? 
  i did n't realise you had to be british or irish to understand the geography of the british isles . 
  well , the world definitely has n't moved on from god and it has n't fully moved on from monarchs either . 
  not really sure how you came to that conclusion . 
  british isles is n't an offensive term , i 've never once heard anyone say it is . 
  i know , i would n't use it either . 
  but in a discussion involving just the british isles the mainland would be britain . 
  i know it is stupid but going around saying people have a superiority complex is just stupid . 
  i did n't say they accepted the premise lol i 'm just saying that if somebody was using that term ( i would n't personally anyway ) you know full well what they mean . 
   does there need to be one ? 
  what 's the collective term for corsica and sardinia ? 
  for funen and zealand ? 
  where else in the world do people continue to apply an adjective of a former conqueror to an independent nation ? 
  `` the uk and ireland '' is one letter longer than `` the british isles '' , and for the sake of that one letter you declare an island that has never had brittonic speakers on it to be `` british '' . 
  the uk and ireland is a political term though , the british isles is purely geographic and everyone knows ( at least within the british isles ) what it means . 
  lol , alright mate . 
  british isles is a commonly used term today , taught in schools across the world if you learn about this place . 
  stop being so fucking childish about geography . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10 this guy uses british isles and he is a well respected youtuber . 
  you 're wrong , whether you admit it or not , you 're wrong . 
  its still the term that is accepted around the world , thus i used it . 
  it is n't wrong and it is n't unacceptable to say , what other term would you use for the collection of islands here ? 
  and what are you talking about with king arthur ? 
  but ireland is part of the british isles ... `` great britain , ireland and over 6000 other smaller islands '' i did n't realise they separated from geography on that day . 
  oh come on - you know if a discussion is purely about the british isles that mainland means britain . 
  oh my god , another cringeworthy yank who thinks they 're irish or scottish . 
  you did it for no other reason than to weaken british power , it was nothing to do with `` being kin '' - correct me if i 'm wrong , but was n't this about the same time the irish were discriminated against in the us ? 
  it 's only a matter of time until something like this happens somewhere . 
  haha , brilliant . 
  i 've only been to luton once and all i saw was burkas and those white things men wear . 
  mainly the white things though . 
  no idea what they 're called . 
  i knew there was a lot of them in luton , but even i was surprised by the amount i saw . 
  maybe i just went to the wrong place . 
  get hyped lads !, 
  hummus is the root of all evil . 
  the sooner that fucking hummus stops oppressing muslims the better . 
  now now , check your privilage you bigot . 
  there is singing actually , the lyrics are quite cool - although obviously about war . 
  italy 3 . 
  france 4 . 
  germany 5 . 
  spain if jerusalem counted for england , i would definitely put that 2nd though . 
  such a great tune ... 
  why would anyone seriously destroy this ? 
  just sad . 
  it is true though - where does it stop ? 
  in the hands of responsible people it will be fine , but will the people in charge always be responsible ? 
  this is ultimately the problem we face . 
  there are certain things that should n't be allowed of course - child porn is disgusting obviously . 
  but how do we know that someone in the future wont use this to ban other things they dislike ? 
  i 'm not saying we should therefore allow child porn , but it is an issue to think about . 
  we have to be very careful with the banning of things . 
  anyone saying `` oh you 're fearmongering , nobody will abuse that power '' - well , how do you know ? 
  is the power of banning speech really something we should be handing to politicians ? 
  i find it ironic that the far left will look at the far right and say about how they lack freedom of speech , yet the far left wants to ban speech to , only this time it is `` hate speech '' . 
  either all speech is allowed , or none is . 
  otherwise it is a slippery slope . 
  i do agree . 
  i think those people who fought in ww2 would be ashmed of how pathetic parts of this continent have become . 
  i think your flag looks awesome , it is quite unique . 
  you 're barely a country !, 
  i know , i really like it too . 
  i 'm just surprised we got a mention because norwich is relatively speaking quite small and fairly isolated from other cities :p, 
  i ca n't believe norwich got a mention in this place . 
  that is a sweet aqueduct :d, 
  most villages where i live are pitch black too . 
  i do n't think anything should be banned . 
  if you want to fly a swastika that is your choice really . 
  if you want to talk about the holocaust being faked that is your choice too . 
  of course , do n't be surprised if you 're beaten up - not saying that is something that would be ok to do , but do n't be surprised . 
  the foreign policy is simple - chat shit get banged, 
  i do agree with encouraging families . 
  europeans are being out bred and that can only ever be bad for us . 
  i hope something is done before it is too late . 
  where 's 80 million coming from ? 
  and also , i didnt say it should decide , i simply do n't think it 's fair that 30,000 peoples voices are not heard . 
  exactly , 30,000 people . 
  30,000 lives . 
  you 're a class a idiot . 
  how would you feel if you were disregarded so easily ? 
  it 's the same as when people say `` who cares about the falklands . '', 
  like i do . 
  they 're british citizens and we have a duty to protect them . 
  heck they 're actually anglo-saxon/celtic people i believe . 
  they 're literally british people . 
  do you think we should abandon them ? 
  ca n't stand that attitude . 
  of course we are n't . 
  it did some bad and some good . 
  the world is certainly better off on the whole for its existence . 
  adding to that boer camp one : it did n't help really that boers had a lack of hygiene . 
  we never meant for it to kill anybody , poor management is what did it . 
  was it bad ? 
  yes , but it wasnt on purpose . 
  actually poor wayne is not so good at american, 
  `` yeah that 's that then . 
  fuck the fact that you destroyed your own country to defeat facism . 
  john down the road from you was a bit sympathetic and therefore your entire country is a disgrace . 
  fuck you britain . '',
