  [ 43 ] [ 44 ] a number of cerdic 's alleged descendants also possessed celtic names , including the ` bretwalda ' ceawlin . 
  [ 45 ] the last man in this dynasty to have a brythonic name was king caedwalla , who died as late as 689 . 
  [ 46 ]  therefore the modern day populations of jutland and saxony are by no means equivalent to that which settled in albion over 1600 years ago . 
  people in that region have n't migrated anywhere much , it may not be 1:1 but it 's fairly comparable , especially looking at dna evidence and also the fact that old english and modern frisian are very close to one another . 
  yeah but these stupid decisions and stupid leaders allow us to fall behind the likes of china or russia in world affairs . 
  i elect a government to rule the country , fucking rule it you cowards . 
  make the decision that is best for us because we do n't know . 
  ha , no . 
  not got any respect for her , or the rest of her party - in fact add most mp 's to that . 
  she is one of those cunts who wants further spying powers . 
  she pretends to be a `` moral christian '' and yet the government she runs is overseeing a rise in child poverty and deteriorating healthcare . 
  especially for the disabled , who have been failed by the tories . 
  well , look at the part of jutland and saxony today , and look at england ... 
  different . 
  yeah but when the party in power , most financial experts etc. 
  want to stay , it 's probably not a bad idea tbh . 
  fact is the majority of the population ( like everyone who is n't a politician or an expert in some field that requires that kind of knowledge ) , including myself , are not educated enough about the eu to make such a choice . 
  that 's the thing , the majority of people who know what they 're talking about wanted to stay ... 
  anglo-saxon is not the same as just saxons or just angles . . 
  ca n't argue with the overwhelming 4 % majority !, 
  east anglia can into space ? 
  people dislike may for a plethora of reasons beyond carrying out brexit . 
  the whole leave campaign was founded on lies . 
  people were manipulated by politicians once again . 
  yes , fuck the millions of people being stripped of their eu citizenship against their will . 
  we have a handy word in english , it is called `` prejudice '' . 
  racism is used in the wrong way a lot . 
  `` racial discrimination '' is another word we have , as is `` bigotry '' . 
  these are all fairly useful and apply in similar but sometimes situations . 
  if you think my definition is terrible , look at [ this link ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/racism ) . 
  and actually no , it is n't racist to hate jews , that would be anti-semitic . 
  that 's another word we 've made up . 
  words are useful are n't they ? 
  `` racial discrimination '' is not the same as racism , hence why it is specifically called something else by the un . 
  racial discrimination is say , making black people use different bathrooms that are worse just because they 're black . 
  it only becomes racism ( technically by the definitions set out by the oxford fucking dictionary ) when you start making them use different toilets because you believe you believe they 're inferior . 
  often of course , racism is the route of racial discrimination . 
  but since we are now arguing about definitions and technicalities , i feel i have to say this . 
   by your definition , i can support a second holocaust and i 'm not a racist if i want to kill jews because of a belief that they are racially superior to me . 
  by your definition , it 's not inherently racist to oppose inter-racial marriage . 
  it is n't . 
  it is anti-semitic ( the nazis were quite famous for that you know ? 
  not sure if you 've heard of them ) and then the second one is racial discrimination , based on your own definition . 
  the second one becomes racist depending on the individuals feelings about racial superiority . 
  some people might just dislike the idea of mixed babies , some people dislike that because they feel that the kid will be rejected by both some black people ( for being part white ) and by some white people ( who will label it black because it is half black . 
  that is a simple case of racial discrimination but not racism . 
  and i 'm not saying that any of those terms are nice either , i 'm showing you the difference . 
   the angles are from germany . 
  were * now , the anglo-saxon people ( a mixed bag of angle , saxon and celt - even a little jute if you 're kentish ) are a different people and unique in their own right and reside in england . 
   english is mainly a mixture of german , french , latin and greek . 
  it does n't belong to any one people . 
  by your logic , english is n't allowed to exist since german belongs to germans and french belongs to french etcetera . 
  languages and culture are not distinct things that belong to particular people , all humans share them . 
  i 'm fully aware , but that does n't mean it does n't belong to the english people and their descendents . 
  and yes , culture does belong to certain people , english culture belongs to the english people . 
  not to kurds , the french or japanese . 
  it 's my way of life , and the way of life of anyone else on our patch of land ( bar a few who do n't want to live that way ) . 
   should english be forced to learn old english since that 's part of their heritage too , and is the equivalent of the irish language ? 
  old english evolved . 
  we speak a heavily edited , but still related version . 
  every language has done so . 
   so why should n't they be forced to believe that ? 
  i really do n't see a difference . 
  because you ca n't force people to believe things . 
  speaking another language is only ever a good thing . 
   saint patrick was born in britain , does that mean the british own him and he should not be the patron saint of ireland ? 
  no , because he did his deeds in ireland . 
  as a side note , i do somewhat wish st.edmund was the patron saint of england again , since he was actually english and did things in england . 
  actually sir , the definition of racism is as follows :  * prejudice , discrimination , or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one 's own race is superior . 
  * therefore , nothing i have said is racist . 
  and also means that your claim about `` limiting it to direct descendants '' is also not racist . 
  the anglo-saxon people ( wherever in the world they may be , we have a few anglo-saxon based nations - i used english last time but i really meant those of english descent ) , own the language , as it were . 
  the language was forged in the anglo-saxon homeland . 
  which is funnily enough , england . 
  despite it belonging to that people group , geographically it 's spiritual home is in england . 
   do you think it should be mandatory for all irish people to be catholic then , since that 's part of their heritage ? 
  that 's entirely different , especially when you consider europe was pagan for thousands of years . 
  how on earth is that `` pretty close to racism '' ? 
  it 's protecting irish culture and heritage lmfao . 
  and the english language does belong to the english ( i mean it was literally born in england ) but obviously that does n't mean other countries ca n't adopt it and other people 's ca n't learn it . 
  i welcome others learning it . 
  lol , so they should abandon their own language just for convenience ? 
  alright mate . 
  you 're one of those people that gives us a bad name over there . 
  you clearly just do n't understand . 
   * the ` old empire ' mode of governance was much preferable to nation states , it 's actually a much more robust model . 
  we should go back to it . 
  * * looks at flair * hmm, 
  how is it stupid ? 
  it is their language , and i actually think it is a great idea . 
  otherwise , people just wont bother using it/learning and thus the language would die and be replaced by english entirely . 
  mercantile i reckon . 
  it was always a hub of commerce even before it was a cultural centre . 
  i 'd rather have your head on a spike , judas . 
  exactly . 
  we 've had our freedom eroded bit by bit across western europe for a while , and nobody seems to care . 
  the world could really do with losing a couple of billion people over time just for sustainability really . 
  as a collective humanity is growing far too quickly right now . 
  * emperor may to execute order 66 on 29th march *, 
  god save juncker !,
