  there is 17 million people in syria , a fair amount of them have probably heard about the 800,000 places in the promised land plus a few thousand other places around europe . 
  what do you think going to happen ? 
  even those not in danger are now going to come here . 
  plus all the economic migrants from africa too . 
  rural  urban, 
  racism is n't that bad in the uk though . 
  i mean it really depends where you are , east anglia is pretty pro-ukip where as london , bradford , luton etc. 
  are not . 
  but then two of those places are close to 50 % non english . 
  blind tolerance pisses me off . 
  i get told to tolerate every culture , yet some of them oppress women and encourage fgm . 
  like i 'm not tolerating that shit , if you come to our country , respect our culture . 
  this quote pretty much sums it up : `` tolerance and apathy are the last virtues of a dying society '' . 
  blind tolerance in the uk is crazy . 
  in that sense , the far left is as stupid as the far right . 
  the left being far too tolerant and the right being intolerant . 
  there has to be a line , otherwise you just ruin the country . 
  i do n't think white guilt is really a good term . 
  if you wanted to put a term on it , western guilt would be better . 
  shipping them all to europe solves nothing . 
  at some point syria needs to be rebuilt . 
  yeah , i know right, 
  we still have net 300,000 + immigrants a year . 
  the city i live near has a population around that size . 
  and the only reason they got just 1 seat is due to our system . 
  if it were fair they should have far more . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-2015-32601281 proportional representation would grant them far more . 
  i know how he came to power , i 've learnt about it . 
  they turned to him ( although he did n't win the election out-right ) when times were bad . 
  he promised them everything they wanted and more - that was the line i picked up on from the original post in this thread . 
  i mean it is n't hard to imagine a scenario where a major country votes in a right wing leader to stop immigration , the right is gaining votes constantly . 
  i mean do n't some people call ukip a right wing group ? 
  not sure if that is what they are , but they are anti-immigration and got huge amounts of votes . 
  3rd most voted i think in the uk . 
  no unity and no integrity . 
  there are , of course . 
  i was simply saying that is how he came to power . 
  precisely . 
  taking in refugees solves nothing . 
  if they go back afterwards , fine . 
  good luck housing them though !, 
  which is how hitler came to power . 
  europe is becoming more right by the day and some of that responsibility is on the left surely ? 
  war guilt . 
  exactly . 
  your nation comes before your religion . 
  in 200 years i would not be surprised if muslims were the largest religious group in europe . 
  well , we should not have to convince them , true . 
  we need more police to forcefully take some of them back from where the shouldnt be really . 
  who can blame them for not wanting their population replaced ? 
  they could still help though , make a few temp camps or some shit . 
  oil . 
  enduring god knows what ? 
  they could peacefully go to a refugee camp but chose to ignore the police . 
  wow . 
  makes me wonder how much of this is false now . 
  these economic migrants refuse to go to the camps though , i was watching the news a earlier and they just shouted `` no camps '' at the hungarian police . 
  that is the best way to deal with it currently , get them all in camps in the first few countries they get too . 
  but there is n't enough police to get them in there . 
  the ones refusing to go to the camps should be deported imo . 
  sure it is harsh , but eventually others will realise that you ca n't just wade through europe and expect refuge in which ever country you please . 
  that kind of attitude is not the type we want in europe . 
  they ca n't stay forever anyway . 
  how exactly do we convince them to stay in the first couple of countries that they get too ? 
  this whole things is a complete joke , they get to europe , they get put in a camp and then they whine about the conditions ( which are n't too bad , better than being homeless - plenty of people in my city are in worse conditions out on the street ) . 
  do they think they are just going to get given free houses ? 
  they 're so ignorant to the reality of what europe is like . 
  the only ones who deserve help are the ones who actually cooperate with the authorities and stay put . 
  the rest should be sent back asap . 
  we can not reward this behaviour . 
  sure people will think about going to germany , but that does n't mean we should let them , you know . 
  once they are safe , anything further that happens to them as a result of continuing to move is on them and i have little sympathy . 
  you 're safely in europe , there is no need to get greedy and put your life or , god forbid , your childrens life in more danger . 
  i just ca n't feel sympathy for a 25 year old syrian guy who dies trying to get to germany in the back of a truck or something . 
  he broke the law , got greedy and paid for it . 
  should have settled for what you had , a temporary life in the balkans is better than no life . 
  these economic migrants have no intention of leaving . 
  they want to start a life in europe , which is obviously not possible . 
  most people would be better off here , that does n't mean we can take them all . 
  that makes them economic migrants . 
  you know there is 18 million syrians who could all have a case to come to europe right ? 
  what 's reasonable ? 
  russia has a very interesting history . 
  sadly , that 's not entirely wrong . 
  i mean they are n't all dead , but countless children have died as a result of this . 
  i just do n't understand why you would risk your child 's life like that . 
  would n't you be better off going to a country you can get too by land ? 
  i personally do n't think europe is the ideal place for these people either . 
  i do n't know about them being nazis lol . 
  but they certainly are not going to be easy to integrate . 
  i mean germany has 800,000 people coming in who , more than likely , can not speak german and many have little to no education that is worth anything in germany . 
  and then there is the cultural divide . 
  i 'm just glad the uk is dealing with that . 
  yep . 
  it happens all the time . 
  in reality , a lot of these refugees are economic migrants whom are 20 + year old men . 
  lol , i found this funny about the us https://gyazo.com/915d6b12cb23901bb953f7e15d707007 it 's somewhere closer to 98 % i reckon , 
  why should n't you take in more though ? 
  why should europe if the us wont ? 
  you lot seem awfully interested in european affairs half the time .
