  i think scones and american biscuits are slightly different , although i 'm not entirely sure , 
  but why not ? 
  they all agreed they wanted to stay , they remained loyal to the eu project . 
  making it difficult for the people who want to be a part of your project is not a good thing to do for pr . 
  gods , no . 
  scone mate . 
  [ this is a biscuit . 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02491/custardcream_2491944k.jpg ), 
  biscuit !!! 1111 !!, 
  to get away from westminster as well and the disaster that will be brexit . 
  scotland will make it in the eu , the eu have a duty to make it happen imo , since scotland always wanted to stay . 
  highlight the part where i said it was n't . 
  i actually want scotland to leave , for their own good . 
  i 'd prefer westminster was accused over just english people . 
  i personally hope you get that referendum and leave the sinking ship . 
  it 's true , but scotland has done very well for itself as part of great britain and later the uk . 
  i 'd argue they 've achieved a level of power they 'd never have gotten on their own . 
  how different would it be if they 'd stayed out of the union and then gone alone or even been conquered and oppressed in a similar way to ireland ? 
  england and scotland could easily have gone to war and it would have only ended one way ( i mean just look at the jacobite rebellion ) . 
  what sort of cream would you use ? 
  i was thinking single . 
  and when you say `` rock sugar '' , would that be any different to regular fine white sugar ? 
  i 've never heard of that before , but from what i just read , i now have to try this . 
  [ it 's these holy things ] ( http://oldfernvalebakery.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/jam-cream-scones.jpg ) it has jam ( i think traditionally strawberry ) and clotted cream . 
  have a cup of tea with it . 
  and if you put pineapple and ketchup anywhere near one , i will find you . 
  scones . 
  indeed , there may even be a war brewing about how to pronounce it after we 've established the correct order . 
  which , as well know , is jam first . 
  yeah , it was a decisive victory for tea first . 
  the few remaining milkists have fled to the hills to continue their barbarism in hiding . 
  many others were crucified down the mall ( the road to buckingham palace ) . 
  most of the people who voted for brexit can barely use the internet . 
  in britain i 'm pretty sure a war will start over whether the cream goes on first or the jam does, 
  i do like the idea of getting away from westminster , but england at large is very dependent on money from london . 
  i do wish east anglia had taken the devolution thing whilst it was on the table - we would have had more say over what goes on here and money to do it . 
  pretty sure only cambridge took it ... 
  i feel like london is very different to the rest of the country , and i do n't believe that westminster is very caring about where i live . 
  i think they 're mainly concerned about making sure london is being looked after . 
  is this an idea you actually think would work/genuinely want to happen ? 
  is there any real benefit to it ? 
  nah east anglia does n't include essex , pretty sure it would encompass part of cambridgeshire , officially it includes all of it but historically this was not always the case . 
  unfortunately , there is no way east anglia could ever be independent :p, 
  if only england would do the same . 
  i 'd be very jealous if you did . 
  and tempted to join your party . 
  do you know of any links that make for a good read ? 
  hopefully it 's a lib dem paradise though, 
  well , we can go back to the heptarchy if you like . 
  east anglia stronk, 
  lol , says a man who 's country committed genocide on armenians and he does n't even have the balls to admit it . 
  the one time my limited knowledge of german comes in handy is an ss joke . 
  heck , calling germany or italy nazis should be followed with sanctions . 
  totally unacceptable , nobody alive today in germany is guilty for the countries past actions ( well , except the odd 90 year old nazi but you get the picture ) . 
  wales was n't a united country back then was it ? 
  what 's your life worth ? 
  i disagree . 
  it does the job but it could do with redesigning at some point . 
  good joke . 
  i give it a 7/7, 
  yeah i mean when they came to east anglia they literally destroyed all the writings on the history of the kingdom , along with the monasteries and killed the king . 
  literally , there is no ( as far as i know ) first hand writings from east anglia from before the great heathen army came . 
  we do n't even know much about some of the kings because of it . 
  they 're not all that cool when you look into it , they destroyed more than they created . 
  what i mentioned above is just why i dislike them . 
  do the french like quebec or not ? 
  i heard they find it funny when `` quebecians '' call themselves french, 
  i 'm surprised we were n't the first in space . 
  3edgy5me , i like it . 
  yeah , i know . 
  but originally the 13 colonies were majority british . 
  yeah i know that , it is probably the reason why we colonised nz and australia next , 
  well we did send people to north america as well , those lot must have disliked europe much more than those who stayed . 
  yeah , i just decided to simplify it  even our celtic genes are originally from the continent though . 
  and also none of our wars were fought as europeans , we 've always fought as nations . 
  and do n't forget , what are now englishmen were once germanic people 's living in northern europe . 
  so we have been leaving europe for a long time . 
  yeah but it 's not as simple as crushing germany in a week and then telling the soviets to do one * ya wankers * . 
  it all sounds so easy in hindsight . 
  we actually have a fancy name for the empire now . 
  i believe it 's `` british overseas territories '' or something to that effect . 
  and it 's true , the sun does n't set on those . 
   i obviously do n't share that sentiment in the slightest . 
  oh right , that is good to hear . 
  seriously , if anyone actually votes for that reason then they do n't really deserve to vote . 
  well , there is far more reasons to vote remain than that . 
  i hate this idea that we betrayed anyone . 
  especially when people slate neville chamberlain , he just wanted peace . 
  nobody wanted another war . 
  most young people barely understand the empire and all the stuff that went with it . 
  so nobody says this . 
  that 's definitely not the case . 
   patty in american english anyway . 
  hong kong left in 1997 , as per the contract we made after beating china in a war . 
  in reality it truly died sometime in the 50 's or 60 's . 
  and they did n't just tear the empire to pieces . 
  we let countries leave over a period of like 50 years ( mainly from 1947-1960 's ) and after we left the usa and ussr would compete for influence . 
  it 's not like they stole our territory haha . 
  people in london are less open to talking , that 's what i found . 
  people in smaller rural communities tend to be more ok to talk to you randomly .
