  chicken tikka is indian , chicken tikka masala is british, 
  basically . 
  london is completely different from where i 'm from when it comes to a lot of things . 
  they could well be slavs , slavs do move here . 
  i do n't like the way you out `` super '' in front of things . 
  very american ... 
  a german in paris ? 
  where have i seen that before ... 
  no french blood in him . 
  well , since i am british , the anglo-sphere countries . 
  usa , canada , australia and new zealand . 
  posh americans ? 
  could n't be further from the truth . 
  can you imagine the arguments about that army ? 
  main language ( we all know what the french would say , well i do n't because i do n't understand a word they say but yeah . 
  how often in the eurovision have france been the only country not to speak english just cuz ? 
  last two years for sure . ) . 
  who leads it ? 
  how many troops to contribute ? 
  equipment used ? 
  idea wise , i like it . 
  but in practice i can see it being a mess to organise . 
  england would be waving 2 fingers at the french , 
  crimean war ? 
  no occupation but britain , france and the ottomans successfully defeated the russians . 
  if you want them to have compensation , then i want compensation from italy , norway and france due to the actions of the romans , vikings and normans . 
  do you know how stupid that sounds ? 
  i do hope that was sarcasm . 
  there was a lot of good and a lot of bad . 
  britain has invented a lot of important things . 
  things which could only come about due to the empire . 
  i 'm not ashamed of it as a whole . 
  every empire in history has done bad , some more than others . 
  the mongols did some truly horrific things , probably worse than britain . 
  but also did some good . 
  not if these people get an eu citizenship . 
  they 'll have free access, 
  i won a game of civ v on deity , you should let me be in charge for a bit . 
  not very democratic but shit will get done . 
  they are n't immigrants though , at least in the eyes of the government anyway . 
  they are british citizens , we ca n't stop them ... it 's a complete joke , someone literally has to be murdered before anything is done . 
  i do n't care what laws i break , if i was in charge i 'd lock these fuckers up for good . 
  they are n't immigrants though , at least in the eyes of the government anyway . 
  they are british citizens , we ca n't stop them ... it 's a complete joke , someone literally has to be murdered before anything is done . 
  i do n't care what laws i break , if i was in charge i 'd lock these fuckers up for good . 
  these people should be done for war crimes , treason , terrorism etc. 
  why in gods name are these people allowed back here ? 
  we literally have terrorists with british passports blending into society , possibly waiting to attack . 
  makes me really skeptical about attending big public events sometimes ... 
  we ca n't just let everyone in though , we are already full ... 
  there is still some serious sorting out to do , with immigration for example . 
  if we sort that stuff out , meh , i do n't know . 
  i like being british/english . 
  and at this current rate , i am feeling even less like i want something to do with the eu . 
  obviously if we want to leave , we should be allowed to leave . 
  yes but what if the usa was about to be totally conquered ? 
  would they accept it or just say fuck it and nuke russia ? 
  i do n't know for sure , but i 'd be willing to bet they 'd consider it . 
  i know , i 'm just saying , we 've beaten russia on home soil before . 
  yeah , i do n't want those people here , throwing shit at police cars . 
  really ? 
  basically sums up just about every issue we have . 
  well , there is always that . 
  harsh though , just deport them . 
  that 'd be difficult to do , they wo n't have free access to boats like they do in africa . 
  holy shit did you see that school michelle obama visited today ? 
  all arab muslim school . 
  in london . 
  no white kids . 
  why is this ok ? 
  i thought she took a detour to syria or something ... 
  fuck it , just deport them . 
  they have no right to be here . 
  i 'm sorry that the birth lottery did n't work out , but there is simply no room here . 
  i hope that one day it is possible for the entire world to live life like people do in the west ... 
  actually we beat russia in crimea once before . 
  and during winter too . 
  so what is your plan for the nuclear war then ? 
  because that will happen if putin thinks russia will lose . 
  no nuclear power will be losing a war anytime soon on home soil , they 'll just nuke the person invading . 
  and why not if your putin ? 
  days are numbered and he would n't want the shame of losing moscow . 
  people who can not speak the native language of the country should not really leave to live there in the first place . 
  i think our welfare state is attractive too . 
  there was downvotes . 
  like minus 1 . 
  which is quite annoying when asking a question . 
  its english speaking ( most europeans know english ) , so i think that makes it more attractive . 
  feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  still , the fact that i was relieved when it was just organised crime and not terrorists should really say something about the world ... 
  alright then . 
  beatings do n't really happen in europe though , at least in the uk . 
  we are talking about proper beatings here , not a smack . 
  oh ok , so you have nothing to say . 
  i was clearly right then . 
  tell me , what can i learn from eastern europe that will make britain a better place ? 
  go ahead , prove me wrong . 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
  because we are clearly a better country for a reason . 
  culture plays a huge part in that .
