  within 50 years it will be almost devoid of englishmen . 
  london , leicester and manchester are not far behind either . 
  if a guy from the third world has real things to offer me ( food does n't count ) to make my neighbourhood better , then why is the country he is from in a poor state ? 
  apparently 69 % of birmingham 's school children are non english . 
  there is 22 schools in birmingham without an english student and in some schools english is n't he first language for some teachers and students . 
  why is that ok ? 
  how is that helping anyone ? 
  oh and birmingham also has a very low average age . 
  so very soon , white people just wo n't exist there . 
  it 's going to happen . 
  englands second largest city is n't even english , not just by ethnicity either , also with language in some cases . 
  i 'm not on some cultural and racial purity bullshit thing . 
  i 'm not a far right idiot who has some wild ideas about why white people are naturally superior . 
  that 's just crazy . 
  japan and china have both been very powerful and both of theth almost entirely ethnically native . 
  china is 91 % and japan is like 98 % . 
  the argument that multiculturalism can enhance a country is wrong . 
  sure , between first world nations that might be more the case . 
  but what is some guy from africa going to offer british culture that it does n't already have ? 
  nothing . 
  we have stuff to offer his country , but not the other way around . 
  the idea that diversity brings strength is bullshit created by the far left . 
  it 's almost as retarded as the far right saying that jews are evil and that white people are superior . 
  strength comes in unity . 
  a common culture , language , heritage , history , set of ideals that is what makes a nation a nation . 
  some , sorry , all of the strongest nations in history have these things . 
  and also , the uk does n't seem to practice assimilation it uses multicultralism . 
  because apparently what britain needs is culture from countries that are worse off . 
  does german culture need middle eastern influence though ? 
  nope . 
  does it want that ? 
  i 'd argue no . 
  so it is ok to have germany only 50 % ethnic german ? 
  so essentially , germany wouldnt even be a germanic nation anymore . 
  it would lose all identity and heritage . 
  i do n't buy into that being a good thing . 
  terrorists plotted to kill a police officer in the uk recently , but it was stopped thankfully . 
  do n't remember the details . 
  there is already a few muslims on the streets of london trying to enforce sharia  stop burying your head in the sand , this stuff has happened before . 
  next : we 're only 22 % next : we 're only 35 % next : we 're 50 % next : shit , what happened ? 
  a moravia tag ? 
  never seen that before here , 
  if they start giving out free houses then i 'm syrian too . 
  this is what people do n't understand . 
  nations only function because the people in them consider themselves as one people with a specific set of ideals . 
  you should tolerate their culture of fgm you racist . 
  be tolerant . 
  nazi . 
  xenophobic nazi , you should be locked up you peice of white trash . 
  you should be grateful they are here to enrich your shite culture . 
  ah we meet again captain caps lock, 
  it is up to the individual country if they want to take them . 
  the uk has a housing crisis and the nhs is so thinly stretched . 
  yeah . 
  it 's taken over my life pls help, 
  haha , exactly :p, 
  yeah , late night reddit browsing is great :p, 
  still insists on writing french first though , 
  partly war guilt ? 
  i 've seen it thrown around . 
  it 's part of the reason they are reluctant to take military action . 
  well european cities i 've visited are limited to england , wales and cyprus . 
  so the ones i want to visit are : 1 . 
  rome 2 . 
  venice 3 . 
  moscow 6 . 
  paris 7 . 
  florence 9 . 
  monaco 10 . 
  prague 11 . 
  istanbul ( for the roman stuff really ) 13 . 
  berlin roughly in order . 
  rome and venice are fixed 1 and 2 though . 
  oh , you hate england for no reason then ... 
  anglo-saxon imperialism ? 
  lol , when was that ? 
  we have n't been imperialist for decades mate . 
  we cant even handle the immigrants coming here now , let alone thousands of syrians . 
  precisely . 
  everyone should be able to see that by now . 
  and hopefully it happens . 
  i do n't want out of the eu really . 
  i want it to be reformed . 
  if anything i 'm in favour of a far closer union , but in its current form , the eu is n't what we need . 
  i more than likely will vote to stay , because i think it could be in our best interest . 
  but it really depends on what happens between now and then . 
  put it this way , on the whole , i do n't think we are better off without the eu , i just think germany and france need to understand we are getting to many immigrants a year . 
  it should n't even be a debate , it is just fact at this point . 
  that mind set is hilarious though . 
  it 's a trivial issue . 
  the usa is rule from a city on the east coast , the west coast is , what , thousands of miles away ? 
  i do n't hear much of a complaint there . 
  no , i think part of this is down to our regional pride that stretches back hundreds of years . 
  scottish and englishmen have refused to drop those two tags for example . 
  we kept using them and thus , they endure to this day , dividing us in one way or another . 
  i classify myself as english before british , but i know that an independent england is n't in england 's best interest . 
  it is the same for scotland , but they ca n't seem to put their `` scoootluuund furevah !! '', 
  aside a bit . 
  when you have different groups living side by side and then shit hits the fan , people point fingers and blame each other often . 
  it happens all the time in history .
