  the romans blamed the barbarians `` in the gates '' , the germans blamed the jews . 
  then we get atrocities . 
  i think the armenian genocide was based on a similar thing , did n't the ottomans blame them for something or other ? 
  in this instance , we are n't getting atrocities ( europe is somewhat more civilised now thankfully ) , we get independence movements . 
  scotland blames westminster , catalonia blames madrid etc. 
  for their problems . 
  and maybe it is partly true , but just backing out entirely ? 
  why ? 
  ca n't we just try and work through it ? 
  it feels like there is so much knee jerking . 
  are n't we supposed to be a european union ? 
  how can europe be united if the countries inside it , in a fair few cases , are n't even united themselves ? 
  the only things i can think of are certain celebrations , like christmas and easter . 
  but then we also have halloween , which is a pagan/celtic ritual i think . 
  and easter and christmas are both celebrated differently . 
  you think i celebrate christmas because of religion ? 
  nope . 
  it is a family orientated holiday . 
  easter is just an excuse to be a fat bastard , which is alright for a few days . 
  other than those 2 holidays , i ca n't think of much stuff . 
  please , do tell me though , i 'm open to what you have to say . 
  what , so you think a newly independent scotland would suddenly want a closer union with europe ? 
  nah , not going to happen . 
  we will just be a continent of petty states arguing about stupid shit . 
  why would that be a good thing ? 
  europe has been evolving into bigger states for centuries . 
  england used to be divided into 7 kingdoms , it was then one kingdom and later united with scotland to form great britain , later taking in ireland ( later losing the southern part of ireland ) . 
  germany is another example , as is spain . 
  history , yes . 
  but christianity does n't have much ( if any ) of a role in my day today life now . 
  i feel the same . 
  i felt the same with scotland . 
  is it really worth it for scotland to leave the uk ? 
  not to mention the fact that 5 million scots got to decide the future of like 50 + million britons . 
  is that fair ? 
  it will negatively impact more people than it will positively impact . 
  and all because they have a stubborn pride and most of them watch too much brave heart and think that battles 500 years ago have bearing on the 21st century . 
  i mean as i said , where is the line drawn ? 
  does every county in england become its own nation just because they feel like it ? 
  ignorant assumption . 
  i 'm white , english and athiest . 
  this guy could be black , bosnian and a jedi . 
  not everyone in europe is a christian . 
  no one seems to care about that though . 
  we just get made to feel guilty by the news . 
  they fucking loved milking that child 's death . 
  it was tragic , but thousands have died already . 
  it was an opportunistic move by media outlets to make people feel bad . 
  we already know they 've been drowning for months . 
  and they ( the bbc ) said the world failed the kid . 
  no , the smuggler and his dad failed him . 
  would you put your kid into an inflatable fucking raft ?!?!, 
  at sea !?!, 
  poor kid . 
  but still , one death does n't mean we can suddenly house thousands of people here , we just do n't have room . 
  it 's simple to see that . 
  catalan independence should n't be allowed . 
  how many tiny little places are going to start asking for it next ? 
  flanders , venice , scotland , wales , moravia ? 
  we just going to divide europe into tiny little states ? 
  shhh keep it quiet . 
  this is what worries me , they get a german passport and come to the uk . 
  `` basically all '', 
  that 's a great point . 
  parts of africa keeping left i 'd odd though , thought they would just change right but i guess it is somewhat inconvenient . 
  the very definition of an economic migrant . 
  i like how basically all the countries on the left are former british empire . 
  why did nobody else keep the left ? 
  rule britannia !, 
  so you 've just risked your life getting to europe and you are going to turn back because someone said you ca n't be here ? 
  nah , does n't sound likely . 
  we will see . 
  i highly doubt they will stop just because someone says they are full . 
  hasnt stopped them so far has it ? 
  i 've called it out before , the far left does n't like it much . 
  yeah . 
  it 's quite sad . 
  and you ca n't even say it without being a racist xenophobic nazi . 
  it 's just not right . 
  at what point does england cease to be england ? 
  england/uk in general is a largely germanic/celtic/european nation . 
  but sooner or later it could be an arabian/asian majority nation . 
  people that deny it either do n't care about anything , are far left or do n't see why it matters . 
  it 's a real possibility . 
  the only way it wo n't happen is if a far right group gets in . 
  fuck that . 
  japan and south korea and both completely native basically . 
  uk , france and germany too . 
  isnt iraq made up of 3 religious groups , 2 groups of muslims and the kurds ? 
  that 's part of the reason why it is such a state now . 
  they all hate each other and once hussein was deposed , there was a power vacuum . 
  sames been said for england . 
  in both london and luton even leicester it is about 10 years away i 'd have thought , from being a reality . 
  i do n't think it is racist to be concerned about it , that 's ridiculous . 
  just in time for dank memes though . 
  what , and you think once they hear germany is full they 'll just say `` ah fuck it '' and leave ? 
  lol , like that will happen . 
  germany are fucking idiots . 
  they wo n't leave , they will continue to head to germany , i 'd bet my house on it . 
  this just isnt the answer .
