  i do n't think all americans are the same but there is a dominating `` culture '' that is very present . 
  americans have n oddly childish relationship with alcohol . 
  i 've met a ton of americans my age and it is just how it is . 
  it 's not a bad thing . 
  i 've enjoyed a couple of `` frat style '' parties with american friends . 
  i 'm not judgemental but i 'm being honest . 
  wow sweden you feckin traitors of european values !, 
  you ca n't just directly state your emotions like that . 
  maybe if you were n't such pussies about alcohol your drinking culture ( if you can call it that ) would n't be so goddamn childish . 
  omg officer there is a man on the street with a beer bottle !, 
  repent jesus is calling send in the swat team a 20 year old just obtained a 1,2 % beer gogogo, 
  to be honest europe as a whole has been a gigantic fuck fest for thousands of years . 
  zlato means gold but zlo means evil . 
  your coastline though . 
  we do n't have that here . 
  i literally know nothing about croatia other than the yugo wars and sports . 
  also croatian women . 
  god bless . 
  what about bulgaria ? 
  we 're looking for hook ups . 
  japanese people are like the absolute opposite of bulgarians . 
  maybe because we 're so much opposite we do a full circle and meet again ... 
  but i think this guy is just acknowledging that in fact bulgaria has no allies . 
  just enemies that care less . 
  it takes the attention away from the nazi jokes and makes germans seem . . not dangerous . 
  the fact that of all the musicians and stars the us and west germany had to offer they sent this guy . 
  this fucking guy . 
  it 's really so disrespectful and hilarious . 
  `` send ac/dc and metallica to moscow to mark the start of a new era !!!, 
  let 's make it the biggest concert in the history of music !, 
  huh what , germany ?!, 
  who 's the shittiest , most talentless piece of shit z celebrity we have ? 
  send the hoff ! '', 
  also bulgaria . 
  we are so similar it 's amazing . 
  i 'm afraid it is . 
  the question is why ? 
  some are just fucking asshole kids of asshole parents . 
  some of them will go on to become normal people . 
  for the others there is help and if it does n't work - a prison . 
  but some of those are just teenagers and this is their way to rebel and deal with their problems . 
  just because they mix politics and culture in it does n't make it any different . 
  the same way there are a bunch of german kids who `` hate society '' or whatever . 
  go to a bad school and you 'll see that the subgroups of teenagers look different but in the end it 's all the same . 
  a white german kid becomes a punk or a neonazi . 
  a muslim immigrant kid becomes an isis supporter . 
  in its core its the same fucking edgy teenager . 
  some of them grow up in backwards religious families who think they will lose their identity and so they teach them to reject and distrust the majority . 
  she mentions pork , that 's 100 % a muslim parent being afraid their kid would start casually eating pork because it is all around so they infuses their kids with disgust and fear for it . 
  just like ultra conservative christian germans are afraid their kids might start doing forbidden things like start having sex early so they tell them awful gruesome stories about it , infuse them with disgust and fear . 
  and some are victims of racism and so they react by duplicating it , by hurdling up with others `` like us '' and `` against them '' . 
  also quite normal behavior in any society . 
  you got a fair raise because the economy is doing great ?!, 
  wtf ? 
  are there unicorns and leprechauns walking around your house too ? 
  taxes are for the poor . 
  it 's fair to people at the bottom . 
  it must be socialism . 
  they are in a very weird position . 
  they are a party with extremely close ties to turkey but in the same time having to keep that in coordination with protecting bulgaria 's national interest ( as a bulgarian party ) . 
  in the same time they pose as a liberal democratic party with seats in the european parliament ( part of alde ) . 
  they are corrupt as fuck which makes them a very typical bulgarian party but because the turkish minority always votes for them no matter what it is virtually impossible to punish them for corruption . 
  they are basically like a octopus with a foot in every direction . 
  reactions especially against countries that are outside the `` big ones '' ( although poland is in no way small but polish politics do n't make international news quite like german ) are subtle and can be classified as passive aggressive and under the table . 
  bulgaria has failed to put such a resolution ( we have a resolution but the language does not include `` genocide '' or vital parts for such a resolution ) on a national level through because a ) it 's always nationalistic/fascist parties filing the resolution which is contradictory and b ) we have a turkish minority party that although split between pro-erdogan and anti-erdogan fractions has a lot of power and would never allow such a resolution to pass through . 
  on regional level however the biggest bulgarian cities like plovdiv , burgas , varna , etc. 
  have recognized the armenian genocide . 
  turks have responded with boycott of bulgarian products , cancelled a variety of important bilateral events , cancelled city friendships/sisterships , as well as projects . 
  also vandalism like shitting and pissing on armenian monuments thanking the bulgarian people and graffiti . 
  some cities have had to take their resolutions back because of the pressure . 
  i said you are going to call me racist . 
  i love turkey very much . 
  as a bulgarian it 's not hard really . 
  well , maybe a bit . 
  we do have * our * brainwashing program ( it 's 60c with 500 years prewash , russian detergent ) . 
  i also have the pleasure of the friendship of turks which is why i do not to talk about that topic with them . 
  but when i do the drama is enormous . 
  which is why i firmly believe that if we can get a solution to that issue we would actually go on pushing the region together as we will lack topics which are separating and youareracist ` ing us . 
  god knows what kind of amazing shit we could achieve ... if the fucked up history did n't matter . 
  no satisfaction at all . 
  the opposite . 
  dealing with this subject is depressing and dealing with the brainwashed people who are otherwise quite normal and do n't realize what immoral , inhumane , fascist position they are taking with denying a genocide is really , relay tiresome . 
  this is he reason why holocaust denying is an indictable offense in a lot of countries . 
  so people finally understand this is very serious and not like supporting a football club . 
  what exactly is your point here ? 
  that my original reply is unjust and uncalled for ?!, 
  you act like you have no idea where it comes from . 
  bullshit , you know quite well what 's up here . 
  it 's a tactic . 
  you think that if you bullshit your words around nobody would notice that you are in fact just arguing against the genocide . 
  `` leave this to historians '' does n't mean you believe in historians it 's just easier to deny it , because you can repress the truth this way . 
  you ca n't repress the democratic parliament of a country the magnitude of germany . 
  the historians argument is so weak even a 5 year old can figure it out . 
  you are now 4-5 replies deep and you have n't said anything that was n't already included in my first comment . 
  i do n't buy that bullshit . 
  i just completely throw that whole useless process away and go the the actual point . 
  the fact that you still try just cements what i said with the inb4 comment . 
   fortunately not all armenians i argued are like you `` fortunately '' . 
  this and the way you ended that last paragraph . 
  how long was it before you start threatening ?
