  the word `` gastarbeiter '' was invented in the 60s but migrant labor was present much earlier . 
  my friend 's family came that year to germany along hundreds thousands of others . 
  they were absolutely crucial to the wirtschaftswunder and in that sense to the recovery of europe . 
  i 'm having a conversation with strukkstar and we have been talking about immigrants . 
  you 're not ? 
  i need to see the statistics you mentioned in order to comment on them . 
  i mean as an educated person you probably do understand the importance and complexity of empiric data and statistical analysis and that correlation does not imply causation . 
  it 's widely agreed upon that crime is a social and not ethnic factor . 
  when people immigrate they have a better life in mind . 
  work , security , stability . 
  immigration has a lot of very important economic benefits . 
  labor being probably the most important one . 
  germany is one of the most if not the most important economy in the eu right now but germany would still be laying under their own ruins if it were n't for all the gastarbeiter . 
  why not ? 
  if the whole of northern europe is destabilized and in ruins and jordan can take some refugees now with all their rich petroleum economy . 
  i do n't see how this is so impossible . 
  the arabs would be pissed at all the blond motherfuckers opening smelly herring shops , churches , and refusing to learn arabic . 
  are you ok with being a xenophobe , stupid or whatever ? 
  i start work at 8 . 
  my german team manager on me showing up at work at 8:00 '' * passive aggressively looks at clock * train was late ? 
  what 's wrong do you have some kind of a personal problem ? '', 
  on me getting to work at 8:04 - angry silence . 
  `` you should have called you were running late . 
  you 're not showing commitment . '', 
  on me being late at 8:10 - just sends a long ass email to my boss explaining my chaotic and irrational behavior along an analysis of every time i 've been too late for meetings or have taken too long a break . 
  with charts and highlights and shit , running months back . 
  me working unpaid hours overtime almost every day of the week - `` well , that 's how the real world is . 
  that 's the reality of the job . '', 
  meanwhile 70 % of my german colleagues answer their first emails of the day between 5:30 and 6:30 . 
  some of them wait in front of door until the security personnel open for them . 
  i call that masochism . 
  russia in the eu . 
  you must be high . 
   feeled, 
  i 've tried it all . 
  kryptonite was the very first i owned that failed . 
  they always manage to snap it . 
  i 've insurance on my bike and keep it in my apartment . 
  still paranoid as hell . 
  that 's like paul von hindenburg being worried about antisemitism in poland in 1933 . 
  how 's bicycle theft over there ? 
  here in frankfurt it 's the biggest problem of them all . 
  i 've had 3 bikes stolen from me , even cheap ugly rusty ones . 
  part of it may be similar but to the most part it 's something drastically different . 
  the issues on the balkans arise mostly from faulty drawing of the maps after the nation rebirths following the * departure * ottoman empire . 
  you can compare the balkan states to africa after the end of the colonization period where the colonial powers pulled the boarders without any respect to historical , ethnic , lingual , cultural , religious divide . 
  not to mention the fact that the balkans have always been a chess game for super powers playing their macro conflicts on a micro state level . 
  catalonian independence would be done in a much different peaceful democratic way . 
  most of them do n't even want to work or learn the language !, 
  you win against someone not with them . 
  i 'm not interested in making a point but asking questions . 
  i do n't have a point here really . 
  you started xplainin so i thought you 're interested in a discussion . 
  they slipped it in ( `` marriage is between a man and a woman '' ) with a lot of other stupid shit into the new constitution after the collapse of the soviet union . 
  that constitution was written by the same people who just a few years earlier were part of the totalitarian regime . 
  20 members of the parliament went on a hunger strike in a tent outside the alexander nevsky cathedral . 
  there were angry protests on the street against that constitution but the general feeling was that it 's dangerous to keep opposition and protests to it and it 's better to not destabilize the newborn democracy . 
  my question is how you would call bigots who act like this on tumblr ( or elsewhere ) ? 
  because you ca n't call them sjw , because they are against it being the bigots their are . 
  and do you call people who disagree with them sjw although they are just reacting to the aforementioned bigot ? 
  so being a bigot and spreading racist propaganda is just what it is but saying something on social justice makes you a dumbass sjw . 
  you wanted to explain that term to me and i 'm trying to understand . 
  so far it 's confusing . 
  so the term and it 's users are not against social justice yet the term is precisely like something an opponent to social justice would use . 
  like someone who really hates people calling him on their racism and pretends it 's not about him being a bigot but about his critics being some stupid naive pretenders who 's sole intention is to look good on the internet and pat themselves on the back . 
  like bigots are pure beings fighting for something real and their opponents are pretentious ironic warriors . 
  ironic terminology like this generalize without distinction of arguments and vilify people and their positive ideals , in this case `` social justice '' . 
  that term makes it seem like there 's people who constantly call everything socially unjust so defacto anyone speaking about social injustice is not to be taken seriously at all . 
  so anyway . 
  your claim `` social justice '' is n't the problem the people are leaves me wondering where and how are we supposed to talk about it then . 
  i just poke some fun at how antiziganist the rhetoric of this post is and knowing reddit and how a lot of people would react to it , and suddenly i 'm a `` warrior '' . 
  it 's not like i made a tumblr blog , was super angry at someone and post it on 4chan . 
  but it 's nice to have a scapegoat . 
  do n't take that away from people - yes , microsoft drugged everybody in charge of nokia and sent an evil being to destroy them . 
  are there people who call gdansk danzig out there ? 
  but what if there 's some angry tumblr posts keep pretending defending social * in * justice to invent a wrong and back patting with it ? 
  do you not comment on it ? 
  and how is that called social injustice soldier ? 
  so social justice is bad ? 
  or is angry tumblr posts the problem ? 
  or pretending defending , or inventing a wrong ? 
  yeah , slow day . 
  wait while i google this and find out how i 'm being labeled by this month . 
  social justice warrior actually sounds awesome . 
  can i please throw something about women in so i can be a white social justice knight or is that so 2000 and late ? 
  typical american . 
  always neutral and weary of participating in foreign conflicts . 
  tortured animal ? 
  weird superstitious practices ? 
  romani people ? 
  antiziganism thread in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  brace yourselves , the russians are coming . 
  that is a common mistake . 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diminutive#russian ) :  often formative infixes and suffixes look like diminutive ones . 
  the well-known word , \u0432\u043e\u0434\u043a\u0430 ( vodka ) , has the suffix , '' - ka '' , which is not a diminutive , but formative , the word has a different meaning ( not water , but a drink ) and has its own diminutive suffix - ochka : \u0432\u043e\u0434\u043e\u0447\u043a\u0430 ( vodochka ) is an affectionate name of vodka ( compare voda - vodichka ) . 
  poland can not into english grammar . 
  in russian voda is water , and vodka is vodka . 
  integration is a buzzword and does n't really apply to real world life . 
  the amish are n't integrated they 're tolerated . 
  it was n't always that way in the us , there was a lot of religious and ethnic persecution .
