  expressing his support for a recent strike at a slovak volkswagen plant , mr fico reprised a common theme : `` our western friends do not understand when we ask them why a worker in bratislava ... has a salary half or maybe two-thirds lower than a worker in the same firm 200km westward . '' pay or food , the concern is the same . 
  multinationals are taking eastern europeans for a ride . 
  do not be surprised to see the same apprehension surface inside the eu itself . 
  viewed from much of the east , the agenda taking shape in brussels , from a fresh wave of integration for the euro zone to proposals for social legislation , looks decidedly unappetising . 
  emmanuel macron , who marched to victory in france wrapped in the eu flag , may be the man of the hour in brussels and berlin . 
  but his inflated attacks on eastern `` posted workers '' , who work temporarily in the west for lower benefits , have hardly endeared him to the other half of the continent . 
  eastern europe is not blessed with many heavyweights . 
  mr fico shifts shape with the political wind , czech voters are preparing to elect an agriculture tycoon , and the polish and hungarian governments cynically manipulate the eu 's refugee crisis when they are not undermining their own countries ' institutions . 
  they can not expect much sympathy for a problem they are gleefully exaggerating . 
  yet the leaders of western europe should not allow all this to blind them to fears among easterners that the club they joined with such enthusiasm over a decade ago is running out of space for their concerns . 
  absolutely . 
  but please show me a country on the balkans that does n't do this . 
  we all teach history that is heavily biased , cherry picked , and hypocritical . 
  we 're all living in a history bubble , believe me . 
  it 's just that fyrom is the most batshit laughably obvious one . 
  people lie about lots of stuff . 
  germans are convinced they work the most hours in europe that they get the least amount of free days , pay the most tax ( 90 % of which is then given to non germans and unemployed ) . 
  none of it is true ... but it feels right . 
  right ? 
  romanians would be much less corrupt if they were paid more money ? 
  feels right . 
  it helps the regular people sleep at night . 
  sure we 're talking about the conditions here . 
  all just vague bullshit . 
  the only concrete thing here is `` likely to double '' . 
  which is 200 positions . 
  likely . 
  tip of the iceberg is an ice cube floating around in shallow water . 
  the total amount of finance jobs that london could lose is [ 83k ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2017/06/13/investing/london-euro-clearing-brexit-jobs/index.html ) . 
  goldman sachs migrating 200 positions is absolutely insignificant . 
  what they 're doing is bargain the conditions . 
  london is practically a [ tax haven ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/2016/apr/05/london-is-a-tax-haven-much-closer-to-home ) . 
  this is why they love it there . 
  continental europe , gemany not so much . 
  european cities are doing anything they can to attract high skill , rich capital , high influence jobs . 
  and they can smell a wave coming after brexit . 
  goldman sachs knows this and they are going to try to create as much competition between the different compatible european cities as they can , to manipulate everyone into making a tax haven for them like they have in london . 
  london on the other hand is going to try to keep as much jobs as they can meaning they are going to probably further deregulate . 
  goldman sachs is teasing right now . 
  probably trying to create panic ahead of the brexit negotiations to get london to kneel down in order to keep jobs . 
  you want to keep jobs in london ? 
  give us what we want . 
  calling frankfurter allgemeine and telling them they 'll `` double '' their offices in frankfurt ( 200 positions in 83.000 is insignificant ) like it 's such a huge deal is bullshit . 
  goldman does not want to leave good ol' tax haven london for those tough cunts in german frankfurt . 
  you can be sure about it . 
  plus the cocaine and russian mob orgies are so much better in london . 
  200 positions less . 
  this does n't necessarily mean 200 people less . 
  there are just positions that can not exist in london if it is not in the eu . 
  to put things in perspective goldman sachs has 200 employees in frankfurt and 6000 in london . 
  the statement in article says they want to `` double '' their presence in frankfurt which is 3 % of their london employees . 
  this means nothing . 
  saved me a question at / r/shittyaskscience about how this worked . 
  the river delta emptying into the ocean in the bottom left corner is where [ lisbon ] ( http://world_heritage.jaxa.jp/en/search/detail.php?froml=list&amp;from=category&amp;id=680 ) is located . 
  the fire and the burnt area seems to be as big as the [ municipality of lisboa ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/lisboa_freguesias_2012.svg ) . 
  that eu part is new . 
  used to be called something else . 
  since when have you had those strong feelings and opinions about a flag ? 
  belarus is the least sovereign sovereign country in europe . 
  oh lord those blasphemous sinners !, 
  halting a highway because of 3 bats sounds very german . 
  i bet that ngo was made of angry german women . 
  it took bulgaria 22 years to finish 120km of highway . 
  sure we experienced the collapse of a system , got hit hard by 2 financial crises , a strong demographic decline , and people stopped giving a fuck somewhere in the middle . 
  but still 22 fucking years . 
  in that time the chinese could overlay every centimeter of the country with asphalt . 
  then build an airport mega structure spanning over 120 km . 
  then demolish everything and do it again . 
  but hey . 
  more nature . 
  that was not an issue in brexit . 
  brits always knew that those fines would never concern them . 
  this is also the reason why everybody is so shocked that brexit will cost them . 
  the arrogant fucks . 
  britain as a state that is more attractive to refugees because it is wealthier was the * evil eu * willing to impose their will through fines on countries not taking enough migrants . 
  brits know this very well . 
  the idea of those fines were business as usual . 
  everybody knew poland and hungary were taking the punches . 
  from britain among others . 
  your regular `` leave '' brit is actually super ok with whipping bulgaria for example into submission . 
  for them that 's not a general question about the sovereignty of states in the eu . 
  it 's standard practice that is very much their own design . 
  brits have never believed the eu could do the same to them even if it was plastered on some doubledecker or whatever . 
  that was never an issue , never a topic of concern . 
  that was always well understood . 
  one if not the favorite rhetorical points of the anti eu factions has always been `` cut their funds because they are not doing what we tell them to do '' . 
  we pay , they dance . 
  farange has been repeating this bullshit about bulgaria and romania for over 10 years . 
  that was the motherfucker 's ticket to the fat wage checks at the eu parliament . 
  nobody in britain was like `` wait , can they do that to us too '' . 
  never . 
  not an issue at brexit . 
  are you saying brits believed that there were muslims in the uk because of the eu and voted leave because of that reason ? 
  or are you saying that there are muslims in britain because of the eu ? 
  both of those are ** false ** . 
  the eu is n't responsible for the muslim migrants/refugees in the uk . 
  brexiters did not believe muslim migrants were to blame on the eu . 
  brexiters blamed migration on the eu because of eg poles and romanians but not muslims specifically . 
   eu imported millions of muslim the `` distribution '' of refugees in the eu which i suppose is what you interpret as `` importing '' . 
  because the idea that the eu went out and got a couple of million muslims like they purchased cattle is retarded right wing neo nazi alt right geert wilders andreas breivik fake news bullshit .
