  edit : [ higher res photo ] ( http://www.museumsyndicate.com/images/5/48528.jpg ), 
  that was the most eastern europeany comment ever :d, 
  yes . 
  how fast would my body be destroyed ? 
  just joking dude sheesh . 
  back in the day east germans were only allowed to go on holiday in bulgaria and there was not more of the having of the sex than russians or czechs or poles . 
  they were just the germanic sauce to a slav fuckfest . 
  the stereotype is that east germans were sexually more liberated that the west germans not for being better at sex . 
  there was [ fkk ] ( http://www.mdr.de/damals/archiv/video136090.html ) ( nsfw , official news piece ) in east germany while west germans were still very embarrassed and religious . 
  nowadays the tables have turned though . 
  east germans are pretending to be more conservative rejecting old `` communist '' culture while west germans are more and more liberally open . 
   east germans were said to have the best sex sometimes greece just wants people to do the gay jokes . 
  well , we 're still talking about bulgaria here so settle down . 
  everything here is marinated in bullshit . 
  bulgarians stopped giving a fuck a long ago . 
  the last fuck given was about 16 years ago . 
  even if this referendum was what most bulgarians wanted people wo n't go out to vote . 
  this is just young people trying to get a breath of fresh air in a country that suffocates everyone . 
  but the * hero * of that referendum is just another wolf in sheep 's clothing . 
  it looks like a `` sludge '' of humans going down the death drain . 
  just being shoved into this world like water out of the shower having a short trip around and then getting sucked in into the abyss of nothingness . 
  http://i.imgur.com/c4jt321.png yes you are my friend . 
  yes you are . 
  sooner or later reality is going to catch up to you . 
  why not make it sooner ? 
  the day bulgarians start to realize that there 's nothing wrong with loving and being proud of your country and simultaneously being realistic about how fucked the country has been for 30 years now is going to be day we are going to start to better ourselves . 
  open the exel file and see that the source for syria is nso which is general for the national statistic office for any given country . 
  let 's be honest here . 
  confidence is nice and all but in our case it 's utopia . 
  we ca n't even do a simple judiciary reform you people are thinking about the euro . 
  hell it took us 23 years to complete the only highway we have . 
  repeat after me : * `` we are a joke country socio-economically . 
  '' * , * `` we are a joke country socio-economically . 
  '' * , * `` we are a joke country socio-economically . 
  '' * , * `` we are a joke country socio-economically . 
  '' * it 's like a 14 yo who 's planing on sleeping with heidi klum in the next few years . 
  i do n't trust self-reported statistics of dictatorships where the state security services are above any law and anyone could disappear without a trace . 
  even before the civil war syria had one of the worst human rights situations in the world . 
  there were no independent observers and the government fabricated a ton of positive statistics . 
  alone the constant clashes between the kurds and the arabs would have been enough to triple those numbers . 
  i do n't know if you 're joking but i legitimately thought tourism is the cause for the high rate in the burgas region in bulgaria ( where most of the tourism goes to ) . 
  tourism is the main driving force behind most of our organized crime rings . 
  journalists beat innocent title with belt buckles . 
  yes but this is a very figurative and literary word . 
  oppression should be the go to word for this . 
  actually our modern interpretation of what the people during this time classified as `` slavery '' comes from a false reading of the national revival rhetoric . 
  ask modern bulgarians to explain what * igo * is . 
  a lot of head scratching . 
  mixed in with a marxist theory and cold war propaganda ( bulgaria and turkey were a warsaw pact/nato border ) . 
  also what bulgarians endured well into the 19th century is less relevant to history books in the west than it is to us and it all makes it hard to translate into english . 
  the correct term for it would have been `` serfdom '' which is as stated on wikipedia :  a condition of ** bondage ** , which developed primarily during the high middle ages in europe and lasted in some countries until the mid-19th century . 
  so a serious answer would be bondage is not completely inappropriate . 
  probably the correct term from a history major perspective . 
  but nonetheless it 's like listening to the flintstones theme song and not snickering at the `` we 're gon na have a gay ` ol time '' . 
  they represent a continuity of the european identity that is like a chain connecting all of us . 
  of course the two opposite sides of the chain would look different but you can still follow the links up and down . 
  before i got to know so many georgians i would n't even imagine that they were europeans . 
  now i even think that the fact that we 're having this discussion is demeaning and elitist on our side . 
  they are a very unique part of europe . 
  everything about georgia is fascinating . 
  the way they look . 
  their alphabet . 
  that language ... is just ... `` what the actual fuck '' . 
  i love georgians . 
  great people . 
  they should definitely be considered europeans . 
  georgians and bulgarians better laugh when turks make jokes otherwise they 'd have to deny a couple more genocides !, 
  low corruption , stable government , and lube anus with free market liberalism . 
  i do n't see how they could be confused for accents . 
  those are true variations of a parent language , they are whole systems and are strongly connected to historic communities not just grammatical or phonetic differences . 
  why would those be accents ? 
  looks like bih and slovenia are trying to touch each other . . through croatia . 
  `` pull me towards western europe slovenia plz '', 
  oh god ... this just shows how much fucks bulgarians have for cyclists . 
  make way for bicycles ?!, 
  gay pederast use bicycle !!, 
  i give effort between fuck you and fuck your mother '', 
  be handsome , funny and interesting . 
  bike commute is the best !, 
  especially if your city has bike infrastructure . 
  and normal drivers . 
  and nice weather . 
  and your workplace is bike commuter friendly . 
  and you 're not a lazy sloth . 
  in bulgaria , in bulgaria the bike commute is a dangerous sport . 
  drivers here do n't even ~ ~ stop ~ ~ slow down for crosswalks , let alone have any respect for cyclists . 
  i do n't understand the people who prefer cars in big cities . 
  in big cities i 'd rather use the disgusting public transport with all the freaks and human stench than spend an extra hour or two in traffic . 
  nothing beats the time i can get home earlier , come down from all the work stress , cook , or spend time with my gf , maybe have a beer with someone before going to sleep . 
  lads niva was exported to west germany . 
  not that much people had it but there were nivas there . 
  russia still makes them and germans still buy them . 
  as long as he wears a tie and does n't drive a motorcycle everything is alright . 
  buffer europeans . 
  beaten up , poor , and hated . 
  but still standing . 
  literally laughed out loud . 
  fucking french people living in the bay of biscay are like the inner , safest , layer of the european cake . 
  nobody ever bothers them . 
  probably walking around , smiling all the time , not knowing what a `` problem '' is .
