  that 's it . 
  it took them less than 6 months to ** completely `` disappear '' everything ** . 
  like it never existed . 
  my father did n't think it will go on as it was ... but that . 
  sudden annihilation . 
  just like nothing ever was and will be ?!, 
  thousands of jobs in the 3rd biggest city gone . 
  unbelievable amounts of capital was taken away or destroyed in bulgaria in the matter of a few years . 
  a full blown war could n't be so effective . 
  and nobody cared , and nobody gave a fuck , nobody could help . 
  imagine watching your life , your whole world just disintegrate in front of your eyes . 
  imagine cdu and spd selling germany off in a few months . 
  they 've planned it for years and then bam the just completely disintegrate the economy . 
  there was internal information as early as 1986 in the party that the warsaw pact ship was sinking like titanic and they had maybe a few more years and not enough life boats for everybody . 
  you have a tiny amount of officials in the party and a bunch of secret service who from that moment on had devised plans for whatever happens . 
  and a whole population that did n't suspect a shit . 
  like sheep being transported to the slaughterhouse . 
  we thought the iron curtain falls and we start building from there . 
  what happened is the iron curtain fell , the people who used to be in power filled trucks with everything valuable and took off , and suddenly nothing functioned anymore , the whole place was like a store in the middle of a looting , without even the slightest warning . 
  they had planned that `` privatization '' in advance . 
  it was all a scheme for them to get rich and get on top in the new system or just go in the west and live their lives . 
  problem was it was so easy , and worked so perfectly on such a large scale that they completely murdered the country . 
  like mosquitoes who suck so much they kill the creature . 
  `` ops we killed it . 
  the large population had no chance . 
  and now they know what happened . 
  and there 's nothing they can do about it . 
  they have been taken for a ride and all they can do is watch it all crumble apart and wait until they die . 
  not a very happy life . 
  i blame ourselves for it . 
  we should have had a violent revolution . 
  we should have had two years of purging anything and anyone who had anything to do with the old system be hanged on his own entrails along with all of his family . 
  that 's where our fault was . 
  we did n't murder and pillage . 
  we left ourselves be murdered and pillaged like a herd of dumb sheep . 
  if those two get empire back we want empire back too . 
  dude what kind of a tool education have you gotten ?!, 
  i 'm unable to discuss this with you if you ca n't agree on widely accepted facts ... 
  i mean even the catholic freaking church admits this and is taking those huge steps to repair what needed 800 years to heal . 
  three freaking popes have made grand official apologies ... 
  kissing and crying like babies with orthodox patriarchs . 
  this is one of the main events in all of christianity for a long looooong ass time . 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  i mean you are a bulgarian you should know best kaloyan chased and just insanely brutally murdered all the catholic nobility involved in it he could get his hands on . 
  have n't you been to the baldwin tower in vidin ? 
  holy crap . 
  i did not expect a holocaust denier kind of crap in this thread, 
  i do n't know where you 're reading from but that is officially the 4th crusade . 
  hence the apology . 
  how is that even comparable ?!, 
  the pope himself begged for help and the byzantines bankrupted themselves trying to help bring roman civilization back to the west . 
  wtf are you even talking about ? 
  did you just quickly go through wikipedia looking at sieges of rome and picked one out ? 
  so much for `` reconciliation '' . 
  what the `` crusaders '' did was pretend to wage a war against barbarians for access to the holy land and then proceeded to completely destroy and loot constantinople with such savagery venetians are still embarrassed . 
  and that was in fact the last nail in the coffin of the eastern roman empire shoving them in the arms of the very same barbarians the `` crusaders '' were supposed to be fighting . 
  you 'd think a spaniard would understand . 
  we 're talking about titular highness between many states , cultures , religious divides and a lot of time here and thus it 's much more about semantics than it is about law . 
  those tend to be based more on the basis of the art of war and success than `` law '' . 
  also because we 're speaking in english about four different languages groups and their interpretations etymology does matter . 
  and since caeser and august were first names before they became titles means a lot more than you give it meaning . 
  the difference in meaning you describe has three main reasons . 
  first one is naturally the byzantines did n't see the west emperors as equals since the byzantine imperial tradition was never broken . 
  this however means nothing to the holy roman empire which sees it 's highness as the highest . 
  second one is the fact that orthodox slavs saw themselves as following or stepping into that unbroken tradition therefor elevating above non orthodox . 
  this is again their own orthodox-centric interpretation and not `` the law '' all over europe . 
  with west slavs poles and czechs the word tsar did not carry any higher highness . 
  third the king title was watered down in time and the factual as well as historic meanings are much broader . 
  it even became a word for non-christian rulers . 
  all while tsar has n't been watered down as much . 
  although our simeon ii did try hard . 
  so while what you 're saying may be true in some parts of europe now and in some periods of time it is not in other parts or periods . 
  so explaining words , their etymology , semantics , and historical background is much more important than defending your own interpretation as the one true only . 
  fiy king in bulgarian `` kral '' ( \u041a\u0440\u0430\u043b ) comes from the name of charlemagne/charles the great who was the first emperor after the fall of the west roman empire and was better known under his germanic name karl which slavs have a problem pronouncing so they made kral out of it . 
  so kral or king is the actually latin tsar , or a caeser . 
  antique maps are great . 
  you can get original antique maps of the balkans really cheap on ebay . 
  a map like this was probably used to decide how to chop up the balkans , deciding the fate and identity of millions of people . 
  other states have always existed beside the roman empire and later byzantium in the balkans . 
  serbia and bulgaria have a long long state history . 
  here use that awesome site to view the timeline . 
  the ottoman empire while being busy fighting the newly freed serbs sent their irregular army to crush a bulgarian upsring which resulted in a [ brutal massacre ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/batak_massacre ) reports of which went around the world and it for the first time learned of the pain and suffering of the balkan peoples under a rotting ottoman empire . 
  so the russians got a good excuse and went in for yet another war with the ottomans in 1877 . 
  the western powers were afraid of growing russian influence so they stopped them shortly before they approached istanbul . 
  [ there 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-turkish_war_ ( 1877 -- 78 ) ) a great wikipedia page on that war and its complicated aftermath . 
  ^ ^ mini edit : also a really nicely shot and interesting [ russian historic drama series ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lg35znzyrkm ) ( with english subtitles ) about the conflict . 
  after it there were numerous new national states of peeps that have been under ottoman rule for almost 5 centuries with bulgaria building a big chunk of it . 
  the other big powers however got together and decided to redraw the map chopping up bulgaria ( because it looked like it would be a regional power made of cyrillic writing , orthodox slavs with a big big `` we owe you guys everything '' card to the russians ) , sooooo they pressured russia into giving lots of territory back to the ottomans which the west preferred to having to deal with instead free christians but with russian influence . 
  good times !, 
  europe at this time was really really eager to go all in and fuck each other 's shit up which much to the disappointment of the elites was to be postponed to 1914 because of those meddling balkans and their calls for them being also human and having rights and shit . 
  they could 've had the first world war like 30 years earlier . 
  what a bummer it must have been . 
  the beginning of the balkan clusterfuck were born !!!, 
  it will ensure a period of never ending death and war for generations to come . 
  [ this is what the balkans looked like in 1907 when this photo was taken ] ( http://previews.123rf.com/images/cmcderm1/cmcderm11110/cmcderm1111000213/11043352-vintage-1907-copyrighted-expired-map-of-europe-and-asia-stock-photo.jpg ) . 
  and [ this ] ( http://kroraina.com/makedonija/karti/ethno/europavolkerundsprachenkarte.jpg ) is a german map of the ethnicities in europe at the time . 
  so in the territories that were so to say back to the ottomans there was a lot of need and fighting for independence . 
  those gentleman in particular were part of a greater revolutionary movement for independence called internal macedonian revolutionary organization or [ imro ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/internal_macedonian_revolutionary_organization ) . 
  they were fighting greek guerrilla fighters and their leader ( also called a voivode ) was mortally wounded but instead of falling to the hands of the hated enemy he decided to finish the job and kill himself . 
  his peeps cut his head off and escaped , and took this picture to commemorate the death of their commander .
