  universally where every conversation with turks on the subject ends . 
  calm and pleasant threats . 
  this is so funny right . 
  the respect for that subject is just oosing out of you . 
  i can see you 're not one of the * them * . 
  you 're * just * fighting for better reddit comment comprehension . 
  hahaha and thanks for feeling sad about me for fighting for justice for the massacre of millions of people for over 10 years . 
  it 's literally one of the saddest things in the world that turks otherwise people i respect and like turn to a nation of liars , whores , and manipulative cowards as soon as they have to deal with the dark sides of their history . 
  but today you should feel a bit less sad because with today there 's one major country less that 's pretending be bling not to offend the turks . 
  but i see i have been mistaken !, 
  look guys that one is n't a denier !, 
  quick gather around , let us hear his take on the matter that is not the same as the bullshit of all the other turks who ever had something to say about this . 
  turkey should officially admit to committing the armenian genocide ( all of it , not the cut-out version , not it was n't actually us version , not the it was 100 people not 1,500,000 version , all of it ) apologize in front of the un and armenia ? 
  apologize for propagating lies for a century ? 
  what about reparations for everything that was stolen from the armenians , their land , their businesses , houses , belongings ? 
  i 'm waiting for the amazing , not denier answer !, 
  i 've dealt with nasty little turkish genocide deniers like you for more than ten years . 
  it 's the same bullshit over and over and over . 
  you 're all just comical little bitches who pound their fists with pride of how they murdered so many infidels and the next second you turn around and start telling us how it never happened . 
  little by little the truth will succeed . 
  there was [ a frenzy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zx-rfccoy4e ) in bulgaria when lild first opened . 
  people almost crushed a child there at the beginning . 
  one of the old guys was like : `` i though lots of other pensioners would be here and we 'd get to like [ talk and discuss stuff ] ( http://cdnstatic.visualizeus.com/thumbs/25/bf/4chan,alone,comics,forever,foreveralone,guy-25bf445aaa03d0a666673afc7b9ad621_h.jpg?ts=93246 ) '' . 
  inb4 : - recognizing the genocide is `` anti-turkish '' and means christian europe hates turks and wants to destroy them . 
  the same kind of myth of organized christian plot to destroy turkey that caused the armenian genocide - official recognition of the genocide * suddenly * and magically occurs never to be heard of beforehand because evil european christianity - people do n't care about the victims or armenians , they only want to steal money from turkey and ruin their prestige as the most amazing , peaceful , good , kind , just , never wrong , never did anything bad , always on the right side turks - if politicians are stepping in it 's all a lie . 
  turkish historians on the other side are pure angels that are not corrupt and have no political aspirations therefore they do no lie . 
  except if they recognize the genocide then they lie and should be imprisoned and killed , and their families . 
  because they lie . 
  - i 'm telling the truth because as a proud turk who only trusts in what other turks say that 's what i 've always known and heard . 
  how can it be not the truth ?!, 
  if we massacred anyone we would gladly admit and feel shame . 
  have you never met a turk before ? 
  we are humble and do not ever do things out of blind patriotism . 
  we are also never brainwashed . 
  that 's nobody 's business but the turks, 
  you should take a look at bulgarian politics and the state of the people . 
  you will probably understand why it 's bad but not as bad . 
  good day !, 
  lol no germania is not a loan word from russia . 
  in bulgaria it 's from greco-roman ( byzantine empire ) , which can be traces as far back as publius cornelius tacitus ' germania ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germania_ ( book ) ) russian influence in bulgaria first started in 1878 . 
  before that it was the other way around . 
  if you wrote nemkinia in a bulgarian exam you 'll get a red x and an angry teacher . 
  waiter : sir are you finished ? 
  no i am from germany !, 
  i like to think that germanic and slavic tribes met somewhere along the way and slavs were like `` eeeeee yooo wazzaaaap bisheeeez got goat cheez matafakas :d '' and germans stared the other way and made that awkward `` i pretend not to hear or see you although you scream like a maniac '' thing and walked back into their forest . 
  and then slavs are all like `` awww maan those poor fuckers are mute : c '', 
  \u041d\u0435\u043c\u0446\u0438 ( nemci ) is actually incorrect ( especially nemec i nemkinia , those words simply do n't exist ) . 
  people use it colloquially a lot but you should n't write something like this in an article or an official text . 
  but when you talk about the language it 's nemski . 
  germanski is incorrect . 
  polish motto should be `` death to all vowels ! '', 
  you 're supposed to deny anything we have in common comes from them , man . 
  that 's 3 points off your balkan card . 
  can you post links ? 
   orthodoxy no . 
   pan-slavism no . 
   ottomans no historical revision or political movement will ever change this . 
  bulgarians are forever indebted to the russian people . 
  but this has nothing to do with current politics . 
   soviet era yes . 
  especially the generations around wwii ( 1930s-1960s ) . 
  a lot of old people still feel loyalty that has been indoctrinated in them although the soviet union has been gone for a long time . 
  people born in the 80s are very likely to see russia as almost anyone in europe on average . 
  deep cultural ties based on similarities + being treated by western europeans like shit , calling us gypsies , being disgusted about us being in the eu and making it seem like we 're low life un-europeans = bulgarians feeling cozy with russia and being extremely susceptible to propaganda . 
  there 's a japanese obama fan subreddit `` o mania '' . 
  everybody is focusing on r/de 's activity but r/romania is doing such an awesome job . 
  i love it . 
  nobody ever talks about the booty drain . 
  * hands gypsies * * runs *, 
  you missed the part where i said that `` hurr durr i hope u suffer '' is the really saddest part of it all . 
  it was more honesty , self criticism , and a warning . 
  see how deep you had to go down in history to drag us in the shit ? 
  all i need to do is go back a couple of years of your history to be knee deep in balkan shit . 
  so what are we talking here ? 
  who 's the worst in the balkans ? 
  i see you 're doing great at that `` not perpetuating '' thing . 
   serbian and croatian are much more similar than macedonian and bulgarian that is exactly my point . 
  maybe today but 77 years ago bulgarian and macedonian were even more similar than serbian and croatian are today . 
  that 's where yugo languages are heading to where bulgarian and macedonian are today . 
   i believe that you are not linguist and you are simply telling what you have learned in school as i already pointed out , i know this from my macedonian grandmother and family . 
  linguists ( neutral , non-bulgarian and non-macedonian ) are macedonian 's worst enemy . 
  i would n't mentioned them if i were you . 
  slow down , we do n't have a part in this turd sandwich you 've prepared for yourselves . 
  you perpetuate the eternal cycle of violence yourselves . 
  at this point in time bulgaria is far beyond that cycle , we 've let go and we 're looking forward . 
  we 're still balkan but we 're already on the next chapter . 
  you should observe my honesty about my giddy schadenfreude as a lesson . 
  a lesson about where this path is going to take you . 
  use the history of bulgarian and macedonian as an example . 
  deep down bulgarians wish we could all be brothers sitting on the same part of the table , being one as a region and peoples . 
  but it 's not happening soon and today it 's mainly because of you guys not us . 
  so do n't point the finger at me . 
  that is beyond my point of how serbo-croatian languages are going to end up like bulgarian and macedonia . 
  but seeing as people who do n't know anything about the region are going to read this i just have to reply to your comment . 
  it was the culmination of a long ethnic cleansing of bulgarians from the region in order for bulgaria to not have any territorial claims in greece . 
  there 's nothing ironic about the situation of the remaining minority in greece today . 
  my grandmother 's grandfather ( the head of the family ) was murdered in his house in front of his family and they were told they could stay if they spoke only greek and forgot their bulgarian identity . 
  since they did n't speak greek and had the head of the family killed they had no choice . 
  they were declared enemy of greece and basically were left to fend for themselves against violent greek militias . 
  they had a day to collect their belongings and a corridor to bulgaria was opened for them to run away .
