  she has literally zero responsibility for anything that has happened in her life yet she 's facing so much bad consequences . 
  i truly hope that when this ugly public ordeal is settled and the greek authorities give her a proper legal status , that she will find a place where she could live a normal life and be given a chance to be happy . 
  bullshit : carve that into a mountain indigenous people hold holy . 
  theodore roosevelt 's boxing skills are a modern american myth . 
  it was only one of many sports he engaged to improve his bad health . 
  there 's only one documented fight and he lost it . 
  the man banned pro boxing in new york as a governor . 
  seems like the best man to face putin . 
  ~ ~ it turns out ~ ~ it may turn out the two roma parents were n't lying when they said they `` adopted '' her . 
  she was actually abandoned ( probably sold ) by her bulgarian roma parents . 
  she 's blond because she 's probably an albino . 
  or maybe the mother worked as a prostitute and got pregnant by a blond tourist in greece . 
  surely that 's not a way to `` adopt '' a child but bare in mind those are illiterate and uneducated people . 
  thousands of roma children are abandoned every year in bulgaria . 
  the orphanages in our country are truly the saddest , most wretched places you could find in europe . 
  extremely poor , neglected , sick damn places . 
  rapes , murders , trafficking . . it 's day-to-day . 
  it 's so bad most children have serious psychological problems before they can reach puberty . 
  bulgaria has the highest rate of institutionalised children in europe . 
  i 'm kind of * happy * this story broke up . . it seems there 's no other way the situation of the roma children in europe can be covered by the fucking media . 
  good thing the child looks `` north european '' to awake some human concern and empathy in otherwise stone cold fucking hearts consumed by racist mindsets . 
  i hope more people have become aware how romani children live , and grow up , and where all the problems actually start . 
  let 's just not forget that baby trafficking has been [ thriving in greece ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2006/12/18/world/europe/18iht-babies.3939121.html?pagewanted=all ) for years and that it 's been driven by [ ethnic greeks ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ow0mj/children_racism_and_the_greek_state_roma_children/ ) . 
  what again is obviously the problem is not the ethnicities of the perpetrators but the incredible poverty , corruption , and lack of proper law enforcement . 
  if anything this case and the media attention should make clear the dramatic need and misery that romani children find themselves from day one of their lives , and how much they need our help , and how much it is key to the more general problems the european roma are facing . 
  as expected now the lunatics on the other side of this racial conflict are also `` fighting back '' . 
  as always none of the culprits of the violence get hurt , it 's the innocent women and kids in the middle that become the victims . 
  there are russian sites dedicated to skin heads videos of throwing people off moving trains , stabbing them , burning their homes , and other horrible shit those sadists can come up with . 
  but i guess it 's not that bad since the russian police that is openly helping those organization out has n't reported any murders . 
  or the russian media is quite about it . 
  or nobody gives a shit because it 's russia and the murder rate is sky high and the majority are n't against the pogroms . 
  it was on a beach . 
  my friends had jokingly told me there is a toilet `` behind there somewhere '' meaning a tree , i took it literally because i forgot bulgarians urinate like wild animals because we do n't have what it takes to have public toilets . 
  saw this guy standing around , asked him , he went around picked a gun out of his car and threatened me , just swearing i should fuck off . 
  i freezed , turned around and went straight to a restaurant 200 meters away from where that man was . 
  it was empty with just two waiters . 
  they were n't exactly surprised , only asked if i was followed . 
  told me not to bother calling the police . 
  i did , they said they 'd send someone . 
  i took a piss there and i had a beer with the waiters . 
  police did show up after 45 minutes , and asked a few questions out of the window . 
  told me i could go to the station and write a complaint . 
  it looked like i 'm really bothering them with my `` bullshit '' . 
  my friends picked me up and we went home . 
  some guy held a gun to my head for no reason and literally nobody gave a shit . 
  i went back this summer . 
  a guy held a gun to my face after i asked him where the toilet is . 
  good times . 
  i said it as an observation because that is the widespread opinion . 
  my opinion is that if it 's not stupid or juvenile it 's plain lazy . 
  the problem is way more complex and complicated that just giving them all the blame in the world and dragging a half-assed general conclusion on the solution . 
   i do n't know why linking entry into schengen is linked with the freedom of movement of gypsies in the first place . 
  you do n't know because that 's a weirdly put question that you 're asking yourself . 
  you probably want to ask : are there any restrictions to being only an eu citizen from bulgaria and romania and being in schengen as well ? 
  the answer is yes . 
  for all bulgarians ( that includes `` gypsies '' ) . 
  otherwise they would n't be doing this , now would they ?!, 
  are you questioning the sanity of the states that want to restrict us ? 
  i live , study , and work in the eu and i 've had to face this shit a lot . 
  i 've had people say `` you 're eu citizen but from bulgaria , now go wait with all the chinese , egyptians , russians , etc. 
  in line '' multiple times . 
  we are a second class eu members . 
  it 's always a battle . 
  we are still treated like outsiders . 
  being in the schengen will eliminate a lot of that . 
  i will be treated like a french person when going to the uk or the us . 
  as an eu member any country is ** obliged ** to enter the schengen area ( or opt-out ) . 
  there are strict conditions and requirements that were put up and approved by founding member states like france in advance . 
  after those are fulfilled the green light is given for the said country to enter . 
  it 's a straight process . 
  upholding this has to have good reasons for it and `` you have too many poor people '' is what i am talking about here . 
  i personally travel a lot and things for bulgarians have even been getting worse . 
  you ca n't just show a bulgarian id card like you would a german or french . 
  you need a passport . 
  a few months ago i tried to go to spain from germany and was asked to present a document besides my passport . 
  first of all that 's ridiculous and second of all the said document was discontinued by the german government in february . 
  i had a pretty lengthy conversation with the authorities about it , i guess they did not expect a well articulated bulgarian who knows his goddamn rights . 
  i feel for them for having to deal with bulgarian romani but i will not stand and be treated like a criminal by default . 
  they are citizens of the republic of bulgaria as much as anyone else born here is . 
  we are the end of the street for them as nobody wants them . 
   they 're a travelling people that is false . 
  the part of the romani people who still truly live the nomadic lifestyle are very very few and they do n't represent today 's group in any way . 
  the romani move around in search of a better life like any other person . 
  i 've only seen one piece of proof ( a video ) that an old school gypsy caravan still exists . 
  the idea that they are a nomadic folk or just really `` bohemian '' kind of people is romanticizing their utter poverty and lack of modern job skills . 
  they are the super poor within the poorest eu countries as a result of a long standing segregation ( blamed on them not on the grossly accept racism against them ) that has had them stuck on the bottom of existence . 
  they gatherer anything they could find in the garbage and are nasty small time bandits which is typical for poor , uneducated people of any color and culture around the world . 
  when you think about the fact that they have been so poor for so many generations it 's not hard to imagine why they find it difficult to find a way out , especially as the modern world rejects them with such fierce hate . 
  as an ethnic bulgarian ( meaning i 'm not romani ) who just wants to live his life i feel like i 'm being unfairly punished . 
  i did not create the roma in bulgaria . . or made them be like that . 
  the same way a 20 something german feels he 's been unfairly treated when people call him a nazi and all that jazz . 
  i do n't even feel like bulgaria has historically been an offender against the european `` gypsy '' like many other countries . 
  fucking germans gassed them and forgot about it . 
  the jews got a whole country for it , the gypsies got a big fucking nothing . 
  i always thought there 's a lot of hate and misunderstanding in bulgaria towards the romani and thought it 's happening because we are somehow a backwards country but now i see we 're not really that different from all other europeans who are supposed to be somehow be ahead of us as a society . 
  at first i thought we were talking about jewish rabbis . . was fairly surprised . 
  they called me `` a sir '' there . 
  nobody ever treats me with so much default respect in europe . 
  not even close . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's good news but i definitely know it 's not as dramatically bad as some people try to picture it .
