  on the issue of giving them `` opportunities '' . 
  it is only partially true . 
  in fact very little of it is true . 
  it 's a blatant lie actually . 
  what if i told you that those extreme cases where romanis ( who have for generations lived a nomadic life and were then tucked into some housing in remote parts of the country ) destroyed their opportunities are actually exceptions ? 
  have you ever thought it 's not all of them ? 
  and that you probably never see the good examples because they never make it into the media ? 
  \u00d4r because integrated romani are actually ashamed of their non-integrated ethnic group compatriots ?!, 
  no , no . . it 's clearly all of them . 
  let 's first remember that the * merciful gods * that gave them those opportunities were also the same kind people that developed unhuman assimilation strategies which included kind [ opportunities ] ( http://www.america.gov/st/washfile-english/2006/august/200608171045451cjsamoht0.678158.html ) like [ sterilization ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6409699.stm ) . 
  i wonder why those * little * fragments of information kind of go astray and are never mentioned . 
   of course , if the not working ones got less money from the state , they would call us racists , yet they are not willing to do honest work , because they do n't have to . 
  it 's an endless circle . 
  my family successfully employs romani people . 
  it was n't easy . 
  took some time of unlearning bad habits but actually works pretty great . 
  especially for my dad who has less costs ( wink , wink ) . 
  the hardest are the young men but it 's more because of their drug/alcohol habits . 
  the romani themselves see that as a huge problem but can not help themselves . 
  the clan mum came personally to me to give me her `` white magic '' ( lol ) because because of my father 's giving them jobs and talking with them in `` good strict plain text '' i quote `` the kids are n't eating their shoes anymore '' . 
  they even created their own construction firm ( with the help of my dad ) and are now employing other romani . 
  they started repairing old houses of poor ethnic `` white people '' . 
  unexpectedly works for everybody , really . 
  i promise you . 
  the second you try to actually work with them , it works out better than all those empty stereotypes . 
  well , they still remain romani ... and that 's not always nice to deal with . . but it 's the same thing with everybody . 
  my father works with italians and americans and there are typical problems that come along with each . 
  i think you 're shooting in the dark here . 
  she already had two 10 year old children . 
  she elaborately hid her all her next pregnancies which means she planned the murders from day one along . 
  there are a few very weird things about this story . 
  what is the reason they could n't use contraception ? 
  why was she able to hide 5 pregnancies from everybody ? 
  and why would she refuse to give up the babies ( it 's possible to do so anonymously in germany ) ? 
  how were the babies murdered ? 
  i actually believe her story . 
  she probably is n't as intelligent and has an abusive husband . 
   fact checking i laughed . 
  oh really it 's bullshit ? 
  enlighten me . 
  discrimination is n't like a unique cultural tradition . 
  just because you live in a country with more from a certain minority does n't mean that you 're entitled to discrimination against them and others who presumably do not have enough of this minority ca n't possibly criticize you . 
  we can start resolving the problem by first dropping the dehumanizing talk . 
  most of the social integration issues stem from communication . 
  * they * distrust * us * , * they * fear * us * , * they * hate * us * . 
  romanies are used to being murdered , beaten , sterilized , hated , etc. 
  they are constantly in survival mode . 
  of course they would n't want to integrate in * your * society when you only have hate for them . 
  most of the time i have the feeling people are putting their foot on their faces and screaming why are n't you integrating , you subhuman . 
  edit : wow , the nazi brigade hit the thread, 
  let 's upvote this person who speaks of an ethnic group as if they were herpes . 
   so like any rational person i asked for evidence it came through as sarcasm as i was citing a factual event that 's pretty much major news . 
  it 's like someone expressing an opinion on the recent mass protests in the muslim world and you asking for evidence if it really happened . 
  how should i know you have n't heard of this !? 
  go read the news . 
  you asked for evidence , not for clarification . 
  what the fuck is this , a court room ? 
  in my original post i spoke of the effect of banning police officers from expressing their personal convictions and as a result society starts growing false security that there is n't a single fascist cop . 
  op can prove to you that that cop is a fascist but i would n't be able because a german fascist cop would n't wear it on himself . 
  but that does n't mean he 's not fascist . 
  therefore i said  you do n't need to convince the stupid mass , the truth is right there . 
  and you responded asking for evidence ... do understand now ? 
  not to mention that i actually answered you . 
  wtf is your problem ? 
  i was making a statement about op 's question in the title and you started a bullshitstorm . 
  and now you 're telling me you have n't even heard of that !? 
  crazy world . 
  as gocarsno said . 
  those are journalists and such , and no official investigation . 
  i need you to show me an officially released ( with stamps and signatures , best if it 's the chief of the ministry of evidence ) investigation . 
  where is it ? 
  see ? 
  empty accusations . 
  do you have evidence on that ? 
  it 's all empty statements . 
  no evidence - it did n't happen . 
  like the holocaust . 
  there are no fascists in the german police force ? 
  so my own personal experience with that is false , i 'm delirious . 
  tell me how i 'm lying that an active duty cop told me . . 
  in my face . . that he would do anything possible to `` poison '' my life and get me to move away as his neighbor , because he ca n't allow `` kanaken '' around his kids . 
  tell me how everybody who has experience with this is lying . 
  so in order for me to mention the protection of the zwickauer terrorcell by the verfassungsschutz i need to present hardcore evidence ? 
  is n't the fact that the president of the [ federal intelligence agency ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_office_for_the_protection_of_the_constitution ) handed his resignation over the issue and the evidence from negligence to document destruction ~ ~ colleagues ~ ~ ? 
  his colleagues from th\u00fcringen and sachsen resigned too . 
  and not to forget the president of the federal criminal police . 
  the evidence is still mounting up even one year later . 
  but forget that . 
  it 's all a lie . 
  there are no fascist police officers in germany . 
  keep telling yourself this . 
  what is the kind of proof that would convince you ? 
  that is the reason i 'm saying it 's a bubble . 
  even after it was proven that the interior ministry on all possible levels has been covering neo-nazi terrorists for over a decade , germans were n't exactly impressed or worried . 
  just a * `` misunderstanding '' * . 
  other than that i work with german police . 
  i 've had two active duty officers ( both with immigrant background ) tell me that internally hardcore racism is n't even considered an issue worth mentioning and that some of the men are radicalized beyond that . 
  edit : grammar, 
  and switzerland should join them , kicking black sheep around . 
  young musims in europe are suffering devastating identity crisis .
