  elop will now become ceo of microsoft and nokia will be under one roof with the xbox and surface brands under the management of julie larson-green ( one of the main people responsible for the creation of windows 7 ) . 
  why do macedonians give the worst blowjobs ? 
  they do n't have a tongue . 
  when talking with bulgarians about how incredibly poor the country is ( in the europe context ) many of them say `` well , at least we 're not moldova '' . 
  once i saw a documentary about moldova where people dreamed about emigrating to bulgaria . 
  abstract world . 
  i have a friend who thought everything in trains is done by computers and autopilot and the operator is just for * extreme * situations . 
  that is how safe it feels sometimes . 
  the bdsm community ? 
  just have real bdsm experts make consulting firm and help the government . 
  one of the guys at my high-school was called walter ... in bulgaria . 
  oddly enough he did not get any ridicule . 
  but goddamn did he get mad when people would say his name in the english pronunciation . 
  because he was german it 's [ valta ] and not [ uolta  . 
  he 'd go all red and start explaining all kinds of historical reasons and origins and stuff . 
  try being a romani person on / r/europe for a day . 
  it 's so stupid you ca n't even begin to debunk it . 
  solid freaking argument . 
  just because it 's underground does n't mean it ca n't be observed and put into data . 
  the bigger it is , the more obvious it gets . 
  after it reaches 20 % -25 % it just starts to become legit part of the economy . 
  what are you going to do fight 1/3 of your national income ?!, 
  it 's like amputating your own hand . . even if the hand has a huge cancer and is destroying your life . 
  when the black economy is as big as it is in bulgaria it 's basically public secret . 
  everybody knows and talks about it but nothing gets done about shit . 
  who you gon na call ? 
  the cops ?!, 
  those cowards are the cheapest whores around . 
  and today 's kids grow up in that very confused moral value environment . 
  for them that 's the normal way of life . 
  literally nobody can or is trying to deny it . 
  every person is more or less involved in corruption . 
  my dad is not a bad man but he still buys petrol from his neighbour who is stealing from his workplace . 
  his boss also knows he does it but he ignores it . 
  that way the guy has no right to want a raise on his pathetic wage . 
  his boss basically has an exploitable poor soul that is n't really making that much money from stealing . 
  does it ever cross his mind to stop ? 
  what is this a civilized place ?!, 
  no , in bulgaria that would make him an idiot ... 
  the fat criminals do n't give a crap . 
  they do n't even try to hide . 
  they do n't need to because there are no consequences , because the justice system is full of people who would let a murderer walk away for a couple hundredths . 
  bulgarians . . we deserve to live like excrements . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  nobody 's done this to us , but ourselves . 
  fuck us bulgarians , we ruined bulgaria . 
  blame the dumb racist cunts who blame the middle ages for what happens today . 
  discounterland . 
  it 's all cheaper because they pay employes ridiculously low wages . 
  attract more foreigners who drink a lot and then measure that on per capita as if latvians drank it ? 
  build an alcohol amusement park ? 
  like oktoberfest but all year round ? 
  with direct flights and rides to the cemetery ? 
  nice try . 
  relevant to recent events and the us demonstrating how tight the leash is . 
  english translation . 
  germans feel free to add corrections . 
  we 're all living in america , america is wunderbar . 
  we 're all living in america , amerika , amerika . 
  -- when dancing , i want to lead , even if you 're spinning on your own , let yourselves be controlled a bit . 
  i 'll show you how it 's done . 
  we form an affectionate round ( dance ) , freedom is playing on all the fiddles , music 's coming from the white house , and mickey mouse is standing in front of paris . 
  -- we 're all living in america , amerika is wunderbar . 
  we 're all living in america , amerika , amerika . 
  -- i know steps that are very useful , and i 'll protect you from missteps , and anyone who does n't want to dance in the end , just does n't know that they have to dance !, 
  we form an affectionate round ( dance ) , i 'll show you the right direction , santa is coming to africa , and mickey mouse is standing in front of paris . 
  -- we 're all living in america , amerika is wunderbar . 
  we 're all living in america , amerika , amerika . 
  we 're all living in america , coca-cola , wonderbra , we 're all living in america , amerika , amerika . 
  -- this is not a love song , this is not a love song , i do n't sing my mother tongue , no , this is not a love song . 
  -- we 're all living in america , amerika is wunderbar . 
  we 're all living in america , amerika , amerika . 
  we 're all living in america , coca-cola , sometimes war , we 're all living in america , amerika , amerika . 
  i 'm afraid of what the american are capable of if we do that . 
  those people are governed by bloodthirsty psychopaths . 
  why the core distrust with everyone in the world ?!, 
  would n't you feel better if you tried to make some friends ? 
  very different from country to country . 
  financial crises make it seem like the furthest thing ever . 
  the world needs to get capitalism in shape before the euro zone would be able to expand . 
  croatia needs to attract as much investment as possible and stay on a positive course . 
  as a smaller country it has a chance of speedier development . 
  schengen is further away down the road . 
  as of today every croat passport is an eu passport . 
  really ? 
  that happens exclusively to italians ?!, 
  i do this . 
  if we talk in some language that is not bulgarian and i switch to bulgarian i 'm probably speaking of coitus with you mother because i am angered . 
  because people whine about not being able to select those . 
  people should really learn to use [ nontheism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nontheism ) as a term . 
  they deny it on a words and meaning kind of way . 
  they basically chant at him , than some guy asks him to address the people to which he agrees . 
  the guy asks emotionally charged question about the situation in the country and when he 's going to give his resignation in . 
  pm then starts to answer but the quality is n't enough and i ca n't really understand . 
  seems like he thinks his resignation and that of his cabinet would not solve the problems . 
  then they start chanting again mid sentence and he bails . 
  it 's a 4,850 km [ footpath ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/e2_european_long_distance_path ) . 
  wow , they are posting a ton of transportation maps . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.cambooth.net/archives/519 ) [ 4000px ] ( http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4064/5134067205_9d7bb1d631_o.jpg ) [ wiki for the lazy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_e-road_network ), 
  the explanation is `` vat and whatnot '' and it is absolute bullshit .
