  the same thing with the phasing out of nuclear energy . 
  which is in no way a certain thing , actually it 's been getting uncertain with time ever since . 
  and also let 's not forget she made this `` decision '' a few days after fukushima happened . 
  it was more damage control than anything else . 
  she did it to shut the greens up and not have them +15 % in the next elections . 
  cold-blooded power securing . 
  again it took a major environmental catastrophe with huge wordwide scare for her do anything . 
   that they just had to accept the sch\u00e4uble proposals the german is very strong in you is n't it . 
  ah , would n't it be such a perfect world if people just did what germans thought is best . 
  it makes it hard to debate anything when your opinion is baffling biased and onesided . 
  but the topic is merkel and her role . 
  not what the average german bild-reader thinks of greece . 
  the `` solution '' was too late , too hard on the relation between germany greece and the eu , too damaging to the image of the eu as a union of democratic , free cooperation . 
  the whole year long media drama and mismanagement just legitimized all the euroskeptics and nationalists who would love to see a europe of the old with small minded bickering , stereotyping , hate , fingerpoining , and isolationism . 
  i would like to know what exactly makes her so exceptional ? 
  believe me germans could easily vote for someone like orban . 
  merkel does a lot of the stuff orban does or would like to but thankfully germany still has a good opposition . 
  and germans do vote for someone like orban in the face of seehofer . 
  merkel may seem like a great leader but the emphasis here should be on * seems * . 
  she has n't been anything really , she barely has an opinion on things . 
  whenever something happens she is silent . 
  the did n't say a word about the nsa listening up on her communications . 
  whenever a scandal happens she just sits it out . 
  that 's not a leader . 
  she has been lucky so many times in that things just work out by themselves . 
  because germany is n't a broke country , that is actually exactly what is happening . 
  she is like the shitty captain of a plane on autopilot and every time something happens she just waits to see what happens and thankfully the autopilot does its job . 
  at the end of the flight everybody claps . 
  since the start of her rule she has n't actually done anything remarkable . 
  any reforms , any significant change of direction , any betterment that would otherwise not happened without her involvement , anything that has her signature that could n't be anyone else ? 
  time magazine may praise her for handling the financial crisis but how has any of her involvement really helped ? 
  not to mention that the crisis is n't over and there have been no consequences to the real perpetrators . 
  the crisis was extremely damaging to the european union . 
  and she has n't done anything other than just walk around and make general statements about stuff . 
  [ why time chose merkel ] ( http://time.com/time-person-of-the-year-2015-angela-merkel-choice/?xid=homepage ), 
  croatia has earned my respect . 
  if this happened to bulgaria , we 'd be too afraid to defend ourselves . 
  we 'll just such-is-life-fuck-his-mother it and go back to listening to chalga . 
  and we get this fucking bullshit all the time . 
  give them hell , brother !, 
  the raf were terrorists and as such they are more like other terrorist but we tend to paint them with a more current face to make political points about today which is outrageous . 
  the raf should only be looked as a group that was more connected to post-wwii and the cold war than to say anarchists burning cars at a ecb protest or isis . 
  there are large numbers of people who were young back in that day and believed in a sort of `` revolution '' but 99 % of them lost their illusions with things like the raf and the castro dictatorship . 
  you ca n't even connect them now 60-70 year old with the raf . 
  and we should n't . 
  let 's also not forget that terrorism ( including leftist/communist terrorism ) has always been a very firm part of europe . 
  i think one of the first big communist terrorist attacks was in bulgaria : the [ st. nedelya church bombings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_nedelya_church_assault ) . 
  that event and the following destruction of ** all ** not just communist all left and center opposition in bulgaria served as an example for the nazis who later faked a communist terrorist act the burning of the reichstag to do away with communists , opposition , and democracy all together . 
  you can trace terrorism in europe going back to the french revolution , and even back to christian reformation and counter reformation and things like the thirty year 's war . 
  just give people a heads up is what i 'm saying . 
  mild gore and death should be nsfl . 
  yeah it 's not fun being an isis fan in europe right now . 
  [ isis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atckkdusjkc ) the band that is . 
  isis ' great artwork made their merch one of the best metal tshirts i have . 
  and i can never wear them . 
  especially not at a concert now . 
  good thing they disbanded before this whole mess happened . 
  members of isis recently made an album with chino moreno of the deftones , the band that had to play bataclan on the next day of the attack . 
  it 's a [ great album ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k48ngijuhao ) . 
  but all my [ commercials ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olci6o_5cru ) of frozen pizza ?!, 
  who ruined italy man ... was it foreigners . 
  it was romanians was n't it ?!, 
  those fucking fake italians ruined europe . 
  please do n't tell me your [ extremely attractive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvzxgzceixg ) women do n't sleep with a lot of different men but ironically prefer coffee only with the same confectionery ball ? 
  i need to see her put that ball in her mouth and talk about all those hot southern gentlemen in designer suits with italian names in order for europe to make sense !, 
  at least most people see this as ridiculous . 
  most of the time articles like these appear about ee countries everybody seems to just accept it . 
  bulgaria is a corrupt country yes . 
  not that it makes it better but it 's just slightly more corrupt than any other country in the region . 
  nobody knows this better than bulgarians themselves . 
  hell , we have perfected the art of self-hate and simultaneous self-love . 
  but do you know how many times people throw articles like these around at us ? 
  feels like it 's every day . 
  the rhetoric with which the german media talks about us . 
  it 's a fucking nightmare . 
  but the worst part is the silent and vocal agreement it gets . 
  unlike what we see itt . 
  criticism ( especially emotionally charged and especially pointed at people you know very little about ) often turns very sharp and bitter . 
  ignorance plays a huge role in making statements like that title . 
  but at least you do n't also get a whole comment section full of even more stupidity singing along . 
  be grateful for this . 
  as a fan of eagles of death metal and deftones ( they were supposed to play today and tomorrow at that venue ) ... this scares me so deeply i ca n't really go on with my day . 
  i know it may sound dumb but this does bring it closer and makes me feel like it could 've been me . 
  me and my best friend wanted to go see deftones together here in germany on the 19th after a hard couple of years for both of us we just wanted to go to our favorite band 's gig like the old times and have a great time . 
  after seeing this video i ca n't stop thinking how i might have had seen him die in front of me . 
  we 're all ignorant just in different knowledge points . 
  kudos for being a westerner who is n't proud that he 's ignorant . 
  i 'm im r/europe not r/murican if anything i was exchanging with fellow europeans about americans and how their alcohol culture is very different from ours . 
  then the butthurt americans started raining in making excuses . 
  that is all . 
  good night an d good luck . 
  did you just confuse a bulgarian flair flag for hungary ?!, 
  i just puked a little in my mouth . 
  are you half american or just trolling ? 
  thank you for explaining how europe drinks to me . 
  been only living here all my life . 
  i 'm not trying to be an ass . 
  i 'm just telling you how it is . 
  why do you cry every time somebody points out things like that . 
  be yourself , you 're american you 're very good at being confident no matter what .
