  the refugees are n't the eu 's fault , the eu is not `` importing '' refugees . 
  trying to destroy the eu will not save you from the shitty reality out there . 
  the countries that want fair distribution of muslim refugees in the eu are the countries that are geographically the nearest to africa and the middle east and wealthy states that attract the vast majority of refugees . 
  the uk is one of those wealthy states . 
  the uk ** is ** the part of the eu that wants distribution because it would mean less muslim refugees for them . 
  so by your words the uk is the one `` importing '' muslims . 
  if brits want less muslim refugees in the uk through distribution to less wealthy and thus states that get less refugees they would have more success with the eu rather than without it . 
  muslim refugees/migrants reached britain regardless of the eu . 
  the vast majority of muslims in the uk come from former colonies thanks to the commonwealth immigrants act which came a decade before the uk eu entry . 
  the eu has nothing to do with this . 
  blaming uk muslims on the eu is retarded right wing neo nazi alt right geert wilders andreas breivik fake news bullshit . 
  britain 's eu membership is responsible for other migrants eg poles or romanians . 
  ** that 's what brexit riled against . 
  christian europeans . 
  not muslims . 
  ** is the eu to blame for millions of muslims running from war and to europe ? 
  would it happen if the eu did n't exist . 
  yes . 
  who says refugees have a right to asylum ? 
  the eu ? 
  the unhcr serves as the guardian of the 1951 refugee convention not the eu . 
  every european country that signed it did it not under pressure from the eu . 
  if you have a problem with that address it to the un not the eu . 
  would there be muslim migrants and refugees in the uk without the eu ? 
  yes . 
  the idea that the eu is some superstate that actively tries to get the uk to have more muslims against their will is retarded right wing neo nazi alt right geert wilders andreas breivik fake news bullshit . 
  the idea that the uk would be a racially and religiously pure homogenic state without the eu is retarded right wing neo nazi alt right geert wilders andreas breivik fake news bullshit . 
   i think it 's safe to assume that this played a role in brexit without the eu britain would have had less poles and romanians but not less muslims . 
  why ? 
  because poles and romanians came with thee eu not muslims . 
  refugees do n't give a fuck about the eu . 
  without the eu the push for distribution of refugees would have happened anyways , just not through the union but the same way turkey `` negotiated '' with us by extortion and streaming 50k people to western europe daily . 
  britain blamed the eu for all of its problems and people voted against the eu because they truly believed that all of those problems would disappear once they are out of the eu . 
  what you 're saying is part of britain 's problems are muslim migrants so by the logic of `` blame the eu '' they voted against muslims by voting against the eu . 
  this is not true one bit it 's retarded right wing neo nazi alt right geert wilders andreas breivik fake news bullshit . 
  what about bulgaria ? 
  please be something about yogurt please be yogurt please be yogurt . 
  dude , do n't offend them , they 're investing . 
  highways and shit . 
  do i think that you were serious ? 
  what do you think ? 
  did i go mad while writing the comment ? 
  what do you make of all of this ? 
  this is all so confusing , is n't ? 
  yeah but brexit was about the eu . 
  the idea that the uk has muslim migrants because of the eu is idiotic . 
  me : dude you need to relax it 's just a joke you : ha ha ha i lied i do understand humor but being german i feel the strong urge to act stupid and make everybody stop being calm and cheerful by pretending like i do n't understand the simple standartized building blocks of humorous language . 
  also even if i felt like participating in humor today i ca n't do it with you because i see your flair flag and i 've been brought up in a culture that does n't have the slightest respect for you as people because even though we do n't have the slightest idea what or even where you are we secretly deep down inside really abhor people like you because we are extremely insecure about our own identity in this post wwii world and you seem like a really easy target . 
  reddit : eh this is dumb , downvote, 
  the whole choice of steinmeier for president was a statement that that assumption is n't true anymore . 
  he only agreed to be president because in today 's international climate with your erdogans calling everybody a nazi , your trumps giving europe the finger and you putin 's hybrid combating elections ; germany needs to pull all their shit together . 
  cdu greenlighted steinmeier because merkel needs a stronger than usual president but she knows that entails biting her too . 
  just sit and observe , boys . 
  germanisms !, 
  the ministry of language hygiene should handle it . 
  again he 's not going in a direct conflict with the chancellery but he 's allowed to take clear positions , it 's just that his instruments are different . 
  and in an election year those positions are going to be loaded with spd platform election battle stuff . 
  he did say he 's going to be a very political president . 
  yes . 
  liberal marxist neogay cultural multiralism must die !, 
  oh come on this is the first chapter in `` politics for dummies '' . 
  i have no idea what you mean with `` interfere in the election '' . 
  i did n't suggest he 's going to stage a coup d\u2019\u00e9tat . 
  but he is definitely going to have a strategy evident in definite rhetoric and content that is in tune with his party 's election platform . 
  in the election they are . 
  and we can always use montenegro 's president to stand in trump 's way to get that sweet footage of him being a dick . 
  normally the president is n't getting his hands dirty unless shit hits the fan but even then he 's a lame duck . 
  but he 's from the opposition party in a federal election year so he 's going to not sing in merkel 's choir all that much . 
   northeast asia not trying to honor the whole `` fuck maslem deeerp '' shtick with any kind of for or against argument but you people are exactly like those idiots that have heavy buddhist decoration in their houses and all over their clothes , with their `` holier than thou '' hippie arrogance , who maintain a firm belief that anything that comes from the far east is like a pure religion that is unlike that `` dirty murderous western religions '' . 
  you 're just like them but on the nazi side of the spectrum . 
  bulgaria has the highest percentage of muslims in the eu . 
  we 've had only one islamist attack , carried out by iran targeting israeli tourists . 
  funniest thing is how utterly powerless we are to change anything . 
  nobody gives a fuck about half of europe because it has `` east '' in front of it . 
  to me it says a lot about time in connection to diversity and geography . 
  regions with more welcoming weather that were more accessible by land like se europe have had settlements for longer time and have much bigger diversity . 
  less accessible lands ( like the british isles ) who were harder to settle because agriculture was n't developed enough were settled later and have less diversity . 
  you 're can also clearly see population explosions throughout the ages . 
  one tiny group of people discover new technology and boom their populations explodes and streams ( like whatever group exploded in what is today bosnia ) out like swerves on the water surface after a drop of water . 
  those are all processes that were happening naturally and that nobody has had the opportunity to see and study until our time . 
  chekia means a wank in bulgarian . 
  i feel very uncomfortable calling a whole country a wank . 
  europe does n't hate the uk . 
  in contrary . 
  your nationalists are spreading this rhetoric . 
  remember whilst doing the bulgarian squat always use proper [ form ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c-ungkwple ) !, 
  money . 
  it 's about money . 
   imprecise i know the word exists in the english language i 've just never heard anybody use it . 
  it sounds so aggressively german :d i find ' t funny how germans sometimes german literally to english translate . 
  like human google translate . 
  bulgarians really hate gays but [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bplsgx5ello ) is one of our biggest stars . 
  bulgaria is basically like an ultra conservative politician who is known for being extremely pro-active anti-gay legislator but gets caught getting gang banged by 8 guys . 
  german commentator : `` yeah well of course x county is going to give 12 points to y country . 
  neighboring countries . 
  pathetic ! '', 
  german commentator after austria gives them 12 points `` well folks austrians just know good music , there 's no doubt about it . 
  great country ! '', 
  yes . 
  bulgaria and russia practically interchangeable .
