  not really . 
  they planted the red frame exactly because they knew it would be taken seriously , so they have a proof . 
  just a small explanation to that seemingly * stupid * and too confident decision by the bulgarian government at the time . 
  due to the proximity of the territories populated by bulgarians to the center of the ottoman empire , bulgarians were late to the so called national awakenings . 
  romanian , serbian and greek ones happened more than a generation before the start of the balkan wars . 
  as a result the euphoric patriotism and faith bulgarians had was much more fresh and stronger which meant a lot of volunteers and a great morale . 
  bulgaria 's army was slightly bigger than serbia , greece , montenegro combined . 
  after the war that army almost doubled . 
  bulgaria was n't only exploding in confidence and size , it was also seen as a the new balkan super power which resulted in a lot of newly independent territories desiring to be part of the * winning * side . 
  bulgaria instantly felt the need to include them to the new found bulgarian identity . 
  this put everyone else on the defense . 
  it could have very well worked out if the bulgarians somehow knew the great war is juuuuust around the corner and were n't so fantastically hard for that sweet macedonian ass and waited a couple of years before jumping into the next war . 
  that mentality that bulgaria was the new big player on the balkans in itself was also the reason why everybody turned against bulgaria , the same mentality that started an all out war against the ottoman empire . 
  in the end if we follow the chain reaction to its start , it developed like this because of total inexperience with international treaties by the young new governments when they went in the first balkan war . 
  the treaties were written badly , wording was layman , and unusually unspecified . 
  the shit hitting the fan was programmed to happen . 
  as per usual quality thread here on r/europe, 
  it would be better to show this video to anybody who actually thinks putin is saying the truth now . 
  from left : * bujar spahiu , vice-chairman of the muslim community of albania * andoni merdani , bishop of kruja , orthodox autocephalous church of albania * edmond brahimaj , global head of the bektashi order * lucjan avgustini , bishop of the roman catholic diocese of sap\u00eb, 
  the photo in comment is from calafat-vidin . 
  i thought this would be a joke on how the border is mostly the danube river . 
  i wish russia had that in place ... 
   is it a bulgarian song btw ? 
  yes , very much so . 
  `` prituri se planinata '' in the famous interpretation by stefka sabotinova . 
  filmmakers love to use bulgarian folklore music to make stuff ancient and mystical . 
  nowadays mostly in weird bulgarian-gibberish interpretations like in the movie [ 300 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydo8pmohqf4 ) ( yes that 's actually a bulgaria song sung in gibberish that sounds like bulgarian ) . 
  weirdly enough the first foreigners to start using our folklore like this were the japanese and i think hollywood thought it was japanese music for a certain period of time which is hilarious and fascinating . 
   that song is used at the end of the film `` the mist '' i guess you 're talking about `` dead can dance - the host of seraphim '' . 
  sounds like they were * inspired * by `` prituri sa planinata '' a whole lot . 
  there you go . 
  one more to the list of gibberish-bulgarian . 
  na , they do n't believe believe it . 
  they just want to hate . 
  william ewart gladstone is a hero in bulgaria . 
  there are major important streets in all big bulgarian cities named after him . 
  his support for `` the bulgarian cause '' gave way for a wide public awareness and outrage over the `` bulgarian horrors '' in great britain . 
  this has meant a lot to bulgarians . 
  but nonetheless the official policy of the british empire has affected the country in a very negative and devastating way ( treaty of berlin ( 1878 ) . 
  i 'd say most bulgarians hold a high regard towards britain . 
  [ background explanation ] ( http://www.britannica.com/event/bulgarian-horrors ), 
  i 'm just balkanizing around . 
  yeah well you can go balkanize yourself !, 
  source ? 
  source ? 
  source ? 
  you : bulgaria rural = low expectations ; bulgaria non-rural = high expectations ... bulgaria rural poor = happy = because low expectations ?!, 
  ; bulgaria non-rural poor = unhappy = because high expectations me : bulgaria non-rural poor = unhappy = bulgaria rural poor, 
  you use this to try to explain where the happiness gap comes from though and here you are completely wrong . 
  this `` bulgaria is super rural and they struggle in the modern world '' is just pure bullshit . 
  we 're batshit fucking poor . 
  forget that societal structure rural bullshit . 
  it 's the fact that people 's lives are destroyed and we 're incredibly fucking poor as a result of a calculated looting after the fall of the berlin wall . 
  economically we were stuck in the early 80s for 30 years . 
  that does n't mean we struggle with `` late industrial and post-industrial world '' . 
  poor . 
  that 's it . 
  bulgarians are definitely not so much more `` traditionally rural '' than western europeans for this to explain that massive gap . 
  of course we 're rural but not that much more than germany or france . 
  this is a common explanation that is outdated and simply wrong . 
  the people 's republic of bulgaria wanted you to believe we are `` working class '' , `` agricultural '' type of country . 
  we probably were 100 years ago . 
  but we 've definitely not been more rural that the rest of europe for 3 generations now . 
  we 've supported that image for a long time but it 's just as fake as the traditional bulgarian villages of `` sunny beach '' and `` golden sands '' or that traditional `` shopska salad '' that was officially conceived by the party for `` sunny beach '' to compete with the greek tourism and the greek salad . 
  it 's old timey 60s communist brainwashing image that has somehow become our identity . . 
  i 've lived in ( west ) germany for the last 10 years and i can assure you a mega ton of germans have had the same rustic society structure like us . 
  it 's just that they are such a massive population that their urban population is 20 times bigger than ours . 
  my german girlfriend grew up in one of the richest regions in germany ( and for that matter europe ) and her parents live in a giant multiple family fachwerk house with a freaking stable next to it with their parents and my girlfriend 's sister and her boyfriend . 
  they are the 5th generation living in that house . 
  next to them i 'm like a brooklyn hipster backpacking through north west bulgaria . 
  they are 100 times more rural than any bulgarian that i know . 
  but they have moeny . 
  money to modernize the house , infrastructure is in perfect condition , they can go on vacation at least once a year . 
  they elderly do n't survive on 50 $ a month . 
  there 's your difference . 
  she 's like one of the few young people from the whole village conglomerate there that choses a life in `` the big city '' and has like a foreigner boyfriend . 
  to the people back home that 's incredibly exotic and dangerous . 
  they are part of a huuuuge german population living like that . 
  the rustic german is the german . 
  they have great education opportunities though , great jobs all around , perfect lives . . all you have to do is not be a lazy asshole . 
  all the while rural bulgaria is slipped into some kind of post-apocalypse landscape where gypsies mass rape 80 year olds and nobody even notices for years . 
  we are so fucking poor it 's the explanation to everything . 
  and believe me a shitton of germans are like that . 
  the only evidence is my 10 year first hand experience here but i would bet my left testicle that germans are much more `` traditionally rural '' than bulgarians . 
  and the struggle with modern life here is just as it is in bulgaria . 
  the difference ? 
  we got fucked . 
  we 're 10 times poorer than germans . 
  and we know we got fucked and it makes us angry and sad as fuck . 
  and now we 're even poorer than we 've ever been and there 's little hope for change . 
   people are now stuck with the high expectations of a first-world country ( own home , own car , universal healthcare , good education , career etc. ), 
  i completely disagree . 
  bulgarians e.g. 
  are not unhappy because they have/had utopian expectations but because they feel things could have been better , not welfare state perfect , but a lot better . 
  the whole economy coming out of socialism was mercilessly annihilated . 
  bulgarians did n't think they will be switzerland in a year but they did n't expect everything be set to 0 and then fall to -1000 . 
  yes we became victims of our own ignorance about what is coming at us but it 's not because we thought we 'd have perfect lives , we just did n't think literally everything will go down the drain . 
  `` privatization '' in bulgaria did n't mean a transition but elimination . 
  in a people 's republic where everything was state-owned this is more than devastating . 
  the factory where my father worked which was the biggest such factory in south-eastern europe got `` privatized '' which meant , sold off for 1 % of its real price to people who had big interests in that factory disappearing ( to benefit their economy next door ) , 100 % of the people were laid off immediately without even so much as a notice , the machinery disappeared over night , the rest was melted away or disposed .
