  the people who stay are inevitably held back by the rotten system . 
  most of my friends who stayed , regret this decision `` because i had a choice and could run away '' . 
  emigrating is for bulgarians what for a british parent would be sending your kid to a good university and investing in their future . 
  if you go to a good bulgarian high-school you will find about 80 % of the people with good grades preparing to study abroad and probably never come back . 
  there 's another thing . 
  the way this article and many alike are written ... bulgarians are n't so freaking similar to romanians . 
  basic things like size , population , language , ethnic base . 
  we do n't dislike each other too much but there 's never been a really thick bond between bulgaria and romania . 
  it 's like putting england and norway together `` meh it 's norhtern europe and such '' . 
  and both are definitely extremely different from poland and the poles . 
  i understand the whole `` eastern europe '' thing but you need to understand that you ca n't just pigeonhole us like this . 
  i feel this constant equalization is going to be a big part of the problem . 
  do n't expect bulgarians to be anything like the poles . 
  one thing people need to realize is that they should treat us with a tiny bit more individuality . 
  even if that means humanizing us a bit . 
  it 's going to be much easier to understand and handle the situation , really . 
  i was n't trying to be polemic ( which is so hard on this subreddit ) . 
  since you asked i feel like i should expound - i was referring to bulgaria 's history being part of an ottoman eyalet for 5 centuries . 
  bulgaria was completely destroyed and devoured into the empire which treated christians and jews as non-citizens , not even allowed to ride horses , meaning existentially getting excluded from the modern era in europe . 
  when catherine the great reached the lands south from the danube on the balkans in one of her campaigns against the ottomans it was considered a geopolitical discovery that there were vast christian populations - that is how oppressed and forgotten bulgarians were . 
  in the 1870s bulgarians put up upsprings which were very badly organized and ill-timed . 
  it ended in brutal civilian massacre , which in turn was the first in the history of humanity that got global coverage and triggered an emotional response from the citizens of europe and the us , which eventually led to the russian empire starting a campaign on the balkans which was successful . 
  there are * a few * hard feelings in bulgaria regarding this period . 
  in the minds of the illiterate , poor folks who just got freed it was considered a time of being a `` yoke '' , or farm animals used for labor , an interpretation of `` slavery '' . 
  there has n't been any recorded event that would be considered a genocide because the massacres were n't planned and/or systematic , more like an unorganized army of bloodthirsty barbarians spontaneously massacring a whole region in the most brutal way possible , without even the slightest cause or intent . 
  just like a psychopath torturing and murdering a random family because he felt like it . 
  but given how little we know about anything from this period and how the armenian genocide is still denied ... it 's not that hard to know why . 
  it 's basically classified as `` well , shit happens '' . 
  capitalism and democracy are killing us faster than an ottoman genocide . 
  that 's self proclaimed `` lord of all the beasts of the earth and fishes of the seas and conqueror of the british empire in africa in general and uganda in particular '' idi amin . 
  he kept the heads of his enemies in a freezer at his home . 
  here he 's laughing at the question `` is it true you said hitler did n't kill enough jews ? 
  our women are said to have good appearance and an easygoing feminine character that european men of all ethnicities enjoy plentifully . 
  i 'm too lazy to look up the source but romanian women have the lowest percent of obesity while the uk has the highest . 
  bulgarians are n't that far away . 
  so a fine english gent who enjoys a lack of obesity with his female partner choice is probably looking forward to all of our 14,5 million women going there next year . 
  i trust in people 's intelligence to be able to distinguish between parodies and truthful publications . 
  in this case it 's more than obvious . 
  populist parties are more often the blunt of jokes for understandable reasons . 
  populist right wing parties are a very beloved aim because of their * zero tolerance * stance to humor and criticism . 
  there 's a long history of radical nuts trying to sue political satire but i think even the ukip is n't that stupid . 
  when the apocalypse starts those people are going to kill and eat your children . 
  all i know about this part of the us is wild breath taking nature and the first nationalk park in the world yellowstone . 
  how does `` warn '' mean threaten ? 
  the russians are twisting arms through their gas influence to secure their political and economic influence and the ukrainians ca n't get it together to have a good strategy . 
  brought a tear to my eye . 
  in trying to be sarcastic you are incredibly correct . 
  do more . 
  again , it is not the same . 
  comparing the events is a cheap point . 
  i too protested against tuition fees in hesse , germany and we actually achieved something . 
  i know from first person experience how hard cops and politicians try to destroy the peaceful image of a protest when it 's actually working . 
  they need you to be violent to eliminate your point , it 's actually in their own interest . 
  the best part were the civilian cops who were instigating and trying to make `` friends '' . 
  and there were 100 civilian cops to 500 actual civilians . 
  that 's what you 're up against . 
  peaceful protesting is overrated anyway . 
  they only make sense if a certain level of democracy and human rights are in place . 
  most of the time violence occurs when politicians have something else in sight other then what the people actually want . 
  and this is exactly the situation in bulgaria . 
  those people actually chanting `` no violence '' is quite amazing given what is at stake and how they are being treated by the ruling party . 
  and it 's more important than tuition fees . 
  when syrians went out to the streets their government opened a chemical war against them . 
  in that sense fuck peaceful protest . 
  did you just compare a london riot to this protest in a country that is in a long and deep political crisis ? 
  wow . 
  because if you think it 's comparable or the same you 're invited to go and live in bulgaria . 
  spend a year with an average bulgarian student 's life . 
  that would be fun , would n't it ? 
  and i 'm sure you will still ridicule the desperate attempts of students to stage a peaceful but effective protest being smashed by everybody . 
  the bulgarian police officer is the lowest form of human on the face of europe . 
  anybody who 's had to deal with them knows this very well . 
  they spend their lives selling bulgaria to the fucking mafia . 
  i 've personally seen a mobster car run over a child just in front of the eyes of police officers and you could literally see how they shat their pants and did not do anything , not even help . 
  but hey let 's go to the capital and beat up a few students who are protesting against bulgaria being literally the most backwards country in the eu . 
  corrupt , dumb , fat , disgusting shits . 
  bacon for everybody . 
  til estonians have a great sense of humor . 
  move in big groups and do not let the pigs touch or take away people from the group . 
  if a group gets the upper hand , combine even more groups . 
  do not let them circle you . 
  always have at least two ways to move to and a certain possibility to fall back or disperse ** safely ** if they start using excessive violence . 
  do not let your peeps alone , always stay together . 
  tougher people should be in front . 
  the weaker ones should be on the watch , alarming , giving tone , filming , and sucker punching the pigs . 
  do not try to grab or hold the pigs . 
  push them away or to the ground . 
  the heavier they 're dressed up the easier to trip them to the ground . 
  do not try to get into 1vs1 fights . 
  never . 
  start barricading before they have the chance to form and march towards . 
  if they hold you down and there 's no one to help protect your soft body parts as good as you can . 
  help peeps that are being held to the ground by pigs . 
  in groups . 
  usually pulling them will make them release . 
  do not circle around and beat up pigs on the ground , let them run away - it sends a much better message . 
  if they use excessive force - be prepared to help wounded people ( that includes everyone including those in pigs uniforms that are unconscious , bleeding out , etc. ), 
  even if you took the european part only . 
  this story is just fucking depressing . 
  if the bulgarian parents are also found guilty there will be a total of ( if i 'm counting right ) 23 children left behind .
