  in today 's environment the dollar is too cheap for that . 
  but nobody can really tell the exact numbers and reasons . 
  we only vaguely try to explain it like it 's some kind of a fundamental law . 
  dollar - euro 1:1 price is complete and utter bullshit . 
  and you are not going to do anything about it so shut up . 
  most europeans feel ok with it , it 's hard to figure it out , and that 's why it wo n't change . 
  and europe is getting screwed hard . 
  ** we are practically subsidizing american consumers . 
  ** especially in the computer electronics department . 
  a friend of mine bought a 128gb surface pro in new york for around $ 1000 dollars or around $ 750 . 
  that 's $ 300 less than it is in europe . 
  that is 40 fucking % . 
  even with all the tax and the exchange rates fluctuations it does n't make any fucking sense . 
  until we do n't boycott it noone is going to do shit about it . 
  the absence of comments and discussions is eerie . 
  so we care about it but we do n't feel like talking about it because it 's * turkey * ? 
  first we have to be absolutely 100 % sure stuff like this is n't happening in the eu . 
  only then we can ride this high horse and wave the mighty sword of ultimate bravery ... 
  maybe you just have a stronger reaction to women in panic . 
  like an instinct that tells you you should help people in trouble . 
  there 's graffiti artists and spray paint based vandalism . 
  there is no such thing as `` graffitists '' . 
  we should have a bot posting islamophobes-friendly maps on here . 
  we 're all the same but easterners are less same . 
  i actually thought the guy was kind of critical of merkel and not the people who put too much politics in . 
  i personally believe germans try too hard all the time . 
  it 's just so needy to blatantly copy last year 's concept . 
  imho a big part of the german music is just what everybody else does but translated . 
  trying hard to be like everybody else or trying to not be yourselves ... at that german music . . when done without trying to impress the world . . is so fucking awesome !, 
  i laugh my ass off when nl gives 12 points to belgium and everybody 's ecstatic and then easterners get booed for voting for their neighbours . 
  i hope ireland got the message ... 
  i may have a bias because i 've known koza mostra ( greece ) for years now but they were really grand . 
  and i mean they sing about alcohol . 
  that 's super european . 
  i was going to say jersey shore . . 
  or death metal . 
  just for general information it 's called a [ fustanella ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fustanella ) . 
  that italian guy is fucking handsome . 
  it 's still the best produced show and stage design anyone could ever imagine . 
  and it 's a good spirited event ... plus all the hot women of europe . 
   saying that this is why the app was made nobody is saying this but you guys . 
  you yourselves are the ones interpreting this wrong , oversimplifying the way the information is presented to be able to pretend like this is `` ignorant '' . 
  the title is about the feature of the app . 
  honestly , this was the most respectful article i could find . 
  [ example . 
  ] ( http://gizmodo.com/5882644/iceland-is-so-inbred-it-needs-a-website-to-avoid-incest ) it 's this feature of the app that is most interesting . 
  the article states very clearly this is not what the app is about . 
  i get it . 
  i 'm super ignorant and stupid and this thread is me trying to defame iceland . 
  now stop foaming at the mouth . 
  good night . 
   we have the most beautiful women in the world ? 
  your men are n't bad looking either , i 've heard . 
  my cousin is married to an icelander ( well an icelandic american ) . 
  that 's very ironic , given the evolution of this thread . 
  i showed him the app but he has no idea how to use it . 
  that language is hard . 
  inbreeding is practically inescapable on any isolated place with small population . 
  it 's a well known fact about iceland that it 's an extremely homogenous small population and incest ( unintentional ) happens considerably more often than other parts of the world . 
  for example , inbreeding is used to explain why the country has the highest breast cancer incidence in the world . 
  you stating you have never even heard of that is n't really an argument against it . 
  you 're discussing me and my semantics . 
  you have n't said a single thing on the subject . 
  i 'm trying to stay on topic . 
  i thought the post was fun and informative . 
  you 're attacking me because it obviously has hurt your feelings in some way . 
  i really had no idea it was a painful subject . 
  which by itself is also interesting and new to me . 
  i thought icelanders were a bit more sophisticated than that and were able to discuss such a topic without getting awfully defensive . 
  turns out you 're not really much different than the scummy chauvinists on the other side of europe . 
  maybe it 's just r/europe and its array of right wing subscribers . 
  i read some really light hearted and informative comments on the articles about this . 
  the article is about an interesting feature in an android app . 
  that guy had a hissy fit as if the article was mocking of the project which made the database possible . 
  however his rant was also super informative . 
  weird that you mention juvenile and unproductive because `` butthurt '' tries to describe exactly those things . 
  having an exaggerated outburst because of some perceived offence that is n't there . 
  like a child that makes a huge scene because it does n't get a toy and gets it buttocks spanked . 
  but hey ... you being elitist about word choice without any input at all surely prevented the whole discussion from even starting . 
  edit : i stand correct . 
  your response actually answers my question . 
  yes , icelanders have a huge problem with it . 
  til, 
  incest is not a question of if you are related to someone , it 's a matter of how closely . 
  it differs from country to country but generally all agree that parent , sibling , uncle/aunt/nephew is strictly incest . 
  punishable by law . 
  the term becomes somewhat blurry when it comes to cousines . 
  it goes from being prefered as some kind of racial purity to being stigmatised as extremely deviant . 
  i personally am fascinated how technology helps us with a very basic natural process . 
  technology makes us better with every generation . 
  it 's stupid to think that because humans are the same species it somehow makes breeding with your close relatives ok . 
  i do n't understand what exactly got you so butthurt . 
  i 'm sure you did n't actually read the article or it 's [ source ] ( http://www.cnet.com.au/icelandic-app-solves-local-familial-problem-339343988.htm?noredir=1 ) . 
  the fact that that app has a way of warning people who want to know if they are potentially going in bed with a close relative does n't really misunderstand or discredit the project . 
  you * bump * your phone with your date and if you are really closely related you receive a discreet warning thus `` incest alarm '' . 
  in all seriousness though , is it insulting to point out iceland has an incest problem ? 
  if you check eurostat you will actually see that we 're topping shitty things every fucking time . 
  my favourite : `` do you agree with the ban on smoking in hospitals ? '', 
  bulgarians 20 % no , 40 % do n't know . 
  eu27 average 90 % yes .
