  i 'm old enough to remember a certain bulgarian party headed by a certain bulgarian monarch that went from majority to total extinction in a matter of 3 months . 
  all it took to completely obliterate a whole party was make an especially ugly campaign and hit the right nerve . 
  why are you making your wife bake those swine nato pastries right before her gang rape by the noble russian soldiers ? 
  seems unusually cruel . 
  you kid but russians are fnishing a second [ highrise on the shores ] ( http://faragency.bg/bg/nebostargach-iznikva-i-v-zornitsa/ ) right now . 
  burgas ' russian population is expected to be 10 % by the end of next year . 
  rumen `` what is so wrong with being pro-russia , trump is doing it '' radev, 
  you sound like a democrat `` oh yeah trump is going to lose so bad . 
  i 'm already finishing my first female president commencement crochet flower poncho yaaaaay '', 
  literally nobody wanted him to resign over the presidential election . 
  in our parliamentary system the president is hardly that important . 
  i mean if you 're the opposition you 're slightly more interested in winning but as a whole it 's just a ceremonial figure . 
  that 's why borisov could n't find a better person to put on the ballot . 
  most of the party 's `` talent '' is understandably not interested in the position of being a lame duck for 4 years . 
  that 's why they did n't spend as much money and effort on the campaign as the opposition did . 
  but borisov just had to bluff in front of journalists that if they lost they 'd resign . 
  his own party was as surprised as anyone else . 
  i guess he hoped that the people who voted personality based ( which is ok in a presidential election in a parliamentary system ) would be off-put and would vote party instead . 
  he crippled his own party by having a spontaneous `` idea '' in front of journalists . 
  he could 've just had his term , prepare for the parliament election like a normal country would . 
  cool . 
  thanks dude . 
  that 's fucking genius !, 
  this sounds impressive until you find out that kuwait 's average high temperature for july is 46,7 . 
  that 's average motherfucker . 
  how do humans even exist there . 
  this might get the balkans to unite . 
  and then launch an invasion of iceland . 
  do n't mingle with yogurt you . . you . . coldies . 
  depends on how you define `` assimilation '' . 
  i can imagine you getting called racist if your interpretation of it is racist . 
  in that case people are n't calling `` expecting people to assimilate '' racist but call you a racist . 
  there 's plenty to do in sozopol itself . 
  you can party a lot . 
  visit the amazing beaches to the south . 
  it 's where the cool ( i always meet actors , rappers , singers there ) bulgarians go to . 
  there are numerous small cultural events , plus a [ festival ] ( https://www.fests.eu/de/festival/sozopol/ ) . 
  ropotamo river is beautiful if you 're into nature . 
  there 's [ a castle ] ( http://www.beachbulgaria.com/sozopol/news/ravadinovo_castle_en.html ) there now lol . 
  hire a yacht , invite russian girls . 
  you know . 
  burgas is just 20 minutes away . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.instagram.com/todorraveo/ ), 
  i respect your side on the topic . 
  i just wish we can learn to live with each other the same way the germans and the french have done . 
  i support any improvement to our region . 
  fyrom is such a tiny place . 
  and they 're not all this dumb . 
  they can probably build a sustainable economy with just a few bags of money and 30 years of stability . 
  if the price is letting a million retards live with their illusion so be it . 
  on the topic of eastern europe . 
  you 're not that much different from us buddy , do n't flatter yourself . 
  i consider my country 's culture more `` southern '' that `` eastern '' too but you do n't see me spewing ignorance towards czechs because you 're different yet people think we 're the same . 
  frankly your `` disgust '' of being grouped with us is much more racist than the grouping itself . 
  and just by the way it 's a lot worse if you also have the label `` balkans '' and `` gypsy '' tightly associated with who your are . 
  try walking in our shoes for a second . 
  on the topic of the article i can only speak for the bulgarians i know but they all share this view . 
  for as long as i can remember . 
  czechs probably get more credit because as the article says you can compare directly by just crossing the border . 
  i agree but i did n't claim equivalency . 
  fyrom is to balkan history what mormonism is to christianity . 
  article : ** eastern europeans think western food brands are selling them dross ** * the `` dual foods '' furore hints at eastern mistrust of the west * for some it is the cheese and yogurt ; for others the fruit juice . 
  but for tibor ferko , a young butcher from usti nad labem , a city in the northern czech republic , it is the chocolate that leaves him slavering at the chops . 
  mr ferko gestures with near-italian flamboyance as he recalls the `` creamy '' texture of the milka bars available just across the german border but denied to him by the inferior product at home . 
  a few miles away , in a supermarket off the srbice highway , zdenek kuklik vows never again to visit czech shops for the hipp baby food he feeds to the son clinging to his chest . 
  why ? 
  because on the one occasion they bought locally he instantly spat the stuff out , explains his wife . 
  from now on it will be strictly the superior product from across the border . 
  suspicions that multinationals dump second-rate versions of the branded products they sell to westerners have a long pedigree across the ex-communist countries of eastern europe . 
  a mini-industry of angry consumer shows and cross-border shopping enterprises caters to consumers ' frustrations . 
  thousands of those who live near the frontier vote with their feet . 
  czechs visiting german towns like altenberg and heidenau , where supermarket signs come in two languages , say they can find higher quality , more choice and often lower prices . 
  no wonder politicians have spotted an opportunity . 
  in february a czech minister said his people were tired of being `` europe 's garbage can '' , a metaphor that several czech shoppers repeated unprompted to charlemagne . 
  bulgaria 's prime minister compares food manufacturers ' treatment of east european consumers to apartheid -- really . 
  in march robert fico , slovakia 's prime minister , brought the issue up at a european union summit . 
  if angela merkel and theresa may were dismayed to find themselves discussing the relative consistency of nutella in austria and slovakia , they were polite enough to go along with it . 
  the eu 's 28 leaders duly acknowledged the issue of `` dual quality of foodstuffs '' in their common statement . 
  now eastern governments are ordering studies galore to heap pressure on brussels to act . 
  in fact , eu law already outlaws advertising or packaging that misleads consumers . 
  but some eastern governments want rules that would in effect harmonise products across the single market , and threaten to go rogue if they do not get their way . 
  a bill in hungary would force manufacturers to slap labels on foodstuffs that differ in content from similarly branded stuff elsewhere . 
  food producers hope instead to soothe easterners ' anxieties with the balm of transparency , promising dialogue , support for more studies and opening up factories for visits . 
  boffins in brussels are preparing a methodology for standardised tests that should help agencies across the eu ascertain the scale of the problem . 
  the european commission says it does not yet see evidence of serious market anomalies . 
  food firms say that variations in their products result from factories ' sourcing decisions or differences in regional tastes . 
  they deny offloading inferior products onto the poorer half of the continent . 
  coca-cola substitutes fructose-glucose syrup for cane or beet sugar in the czech republic , for instance , but also in spain and america . 
  such claims are often just `` excuses '' , says jiri sir , the czech deputy agriculture minister . 
  what can justify the replacement of pork by reconstituted poultry in luncheon meat ? 
  whoever said `` there 's no arguing about taste '' had clearly never been to brussels . 
  by framing all this as a european problem , eastern governments may hope to distract from failings at home . 
  `` czechs are passive consumers , '' sighs stefan linek , a factory worker in usti . 
  some differences exist only in consumers ' heads . 
  studies have detected no substantial variation between milka chocolate in the czech republic and germany , a finding corroborated by your columnist 's personal taste tests and by the respective lists of ingredients . 
  charlemagne 's commitment to journalistic rigour did not extend to sampling hipp 's baby food , but the company confirms that its products are identical on either side of the border . 
  ** west is best ? 
  ** but if the culinary concerns of the east are overdone , they may betray a deeper set of worries . 
  today western europe is enjoying a rare spell of exuberance , but parts of the east are finding it hard to shake off old neuroses . 
  real wages have not converged with the west as quickly as some had hoped , and mass emigration has deepened demographic problems and skills shortages .
