  maybe i understand a few polish and some more russian words without ever learning neither of those languages but i am much closely related to the people down here . 
  all my life i 've been thought we 're slav but when i started traveling around , the ukrainians and russians and polish were the least people i found to be like us . 
  you do n't need to do extensive tests to know that genetically and culturally we are a lot more mediterranean than russian or polish . 
  the thing is , we as people never really got the chance to identify ourselves freely . 
  we 're always told what we are . 
  somebody is always fucking claiming and renaming us . 
  so largely our identity is more concerned with other 's interpretation of us rather than our own . 
  i for one welcome my brave brothers in macedonia in taking a stand against this . 
  in time , with peace and stability we would be able to do our own soul searching and discover who we really are . 
  and it 's probably going to be part slav but just part . 
  accourding to [ this page ] ( http://www.eupedia.com/europe/european_y-dna_haplogroups.shtml ) modern macedonians are n't that [ wildly different ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nmxkwvv.jpg ) from moderns greeks , genetically . 
  actually the only difference seems to be ** some ** l2a2 ( which is some of the oldest european haplogroups and originate where [ bosnia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7oofhac.gif ) is today ) if favour for j2 greco-anatolian . 
  so maybe macedonians self-determination is n't so much off . 
  even if it is mostly bullshit , giving them the `` omg propaganda '' argument in europe is the most hypocritical thing one can do . 
  it was the time rio was capital of portugal . 
  best . 
  green card application . 
  ever . 
  itt : yugoslav bonding, 
  belarusian is a separate language . 
  that 's why the country is officially called belarus and not byelorussia . 
  agriculture really exploded with the sumerians which is why we associate it with mesopotamia . 
  we learned a lot when we started * reading * our genes . 
  it is very clear that at a certain point a population winged by agriculture came to southeastern europe and because they had more food and stability they were able to dominate the locals , spreading their genes rapidly . 
  agriculture was `` invented '' more than a few times outside of mesopotamia . 
  the early chinese , some southeastern asians , north/south americans developed agriculture independently . 
  there 's evidence that people in cyprus , crete and greece were planting seeds as early as 9100 and 8600 bce . 
  climate was the biggest factor but for its larger technological development there were probably social factors needed . 
  development of a more complicated social order , powerful leadership , religious cults , etc. 
  do n't forget humans spent 150k years in africa running around with sharp sticks . 
  what 's your strategy ? 
  we have extremely corrupt russian ass licking politicians . 
  every single one of them . 
   1871 worst year of my life the bavarian highlander ? 
  got ta love a good kollaborateur , right ? 
  but it 's really helping the whole `` eu is evil and is attacking us because they hate us '' rhetoric which is working against cooling of the situation . 
  it 's a dead end . 
   they never really have much pressure to improve because most people do n't really have any other choice in operating system . 
  what ?!, 
  microsoft is under huge amount of pressure . 
  the recent `` power struggle '' and drastic reorganizations ( they 've gone through 3 of those since bill gates stepped down and another big one with steve ballmer being forced out ) is a testament to that . 
  their mountains of money and monopoly is n't endless and they have been getting a pounding since vista . 
  if i had to judge from my own university half of the young people have macs . 
  and the people who ca n't afford apple products dream about it while hating microsoft . 
  their brand recognition and perceived quality is at an all time low . 
  people do n't even know what a windows tablet looks like let alone how it 's called . 
  their mobile os gets very limited attention from the market and developers . 
  trust me , they are under a lot of pressure . 
  a nice quote :  despite its reputation the balkans is not the land of doom and shadow . 
  instead it 's a magical and beautiful place , always changing just like the flocks of starlings in the evening sky . 
  the balkans may still be coming to terms with its recent history of conflict but it 's always been a place where people and their diverse cultures have lived . 
  a place where much of nature is still unspoiled . 
  the wild balkans are still largely unknown , their treasures so close and yet so far away . 
  as a bulgarian i 'm really happy for serbians . 
  they really need stuff like that . 
  every time . 
  the problem is n't with the classification but words that are charged with a lot of negativity . 
  `` eastern europe '' is to geopolitics what `` black cats '' are to pets . 
  people who agree with the classification of their own county are afraid to accept that * maybe * those classifications need to be adjusted . 
  some people react as if having a couple of other countries in their classification is going to affect them in some way . 
  and maybe they are right . 
  accepting the baltic trio in northern europe is going to cause a 50 % drop in the quality of life in sweden . 
  [ \u02c8dat\u0283i\u032fa ], 
  so when is everyone going to learn how to pronounce `` dacia '' ? 
  i was going to make a joke about biker gangs but this whole thing is too depressing for laughter . 
  jolla is by the people who worked on meego at nokia and were layed off because by the time meego was planned to launch both apple and google were already multiple generations ( iphone 4s and gingerbread/honeycomb ) ahead while nokia was sinking , which triggered the turn to microsoft . 
  you can port anroid apps on jolla but it 's not based on the os . 
  the launcher is more like a skin that offers direct access to a phone . 
  so with a launcher nokia could potentially offer some of its services on any android . 
  i thought you 'd say every mcdonalds around the world but i guess you do n't want to get too emotional here . 
  well for me ( bulgarian ) it 's serbia . 
  quite evidently so . 
  i 've been around and oddly enough i had a great feeling of being at home in portugal . 
  like there was a great sense of being relaxed and knowing things . . like being home . 
  at the end of my trip there it was so strong i started thinking `` so that 's what bulgaria could look like if we were n't forced to join the ussr ... and bulgarians were really short and catholic '' no but seriously . 
  i 've been around and besides the most obvious serbia , it 's portugal . 
  they made an android phone at the end and [ a launcher ] ( https://www.zlauncher.com/ ) . 
  because microsoft has been having tons of trouble itself and is reorganizing , and as part of that they are cleaning up their brands . 
  they do not want to be a hardware company although their old model is n't going to work either . 
  that 's just how everybody 's been explaining this . . not that it makes sense to me . 
  the nokia brand never made it in the us and as an american company microsoft finds it easy to kill it . 
  it 's also not like they 'll be able to follow the fine traditions of nokia . 
  not about phones per se . 
  nokia is one of the most recognizable european brands that changed communication technology . . and is now history . 
  i love those guys . 
  the wizdiz song also has a nice [ video ] ( http://youtu.be/c9sgli6ezla ) ( sort of nsfw ) ... romanian women are unreal . 
  there is no christian club . 
  because cultural elitism and europe is a christian club . 
  what a sausage fest . 
  so muslims just generally intimidate you ? 
  what 's your * real * problem here . 
  muslim looking boys mug you on the street ? 
  yes , this post plays with semantics to prove a point about mainstream politics being influenced by rise of populist parties . 
  the allies destroyed europe 's biggest and most beautiful preserved old medieval city frankfurt am main ( churches included ) , yet i am not seeing anyone blame democracy for it . 
  what was the reasoning behind demolishing the university ? 
  i do n't think it 's justification to anything to point out something that is wrong . 
  just because i am against communism does n't mean i ought to spread simplistic bullshit . 
  it was n't communism , not even in the own definition of the communist party in russia ( communism is supposed to happen over time globally , not instantly in just one country ) . 
  theoretically this has very little to do with communism . 
  the destruction and oppression of the church and religion in soviet times has very little to do with communism .
