  you people just ca n't get a joke . 
  i do n't speak a word french and even i notice that . 
  it 's totally letarded . 
  how do you feel as a french person about this le thing ? 
  it 's a circlejerk . . but it must feel very dirty to farrange to have to do it with the russians . 
  ok . is this better ? 
  are you talking about re-socialization of child molesters ?!, 
  because that 's something very different from what i meant with my comment about the church hiding pedophiles . 
  because i 'm pretty sure all pedophiles are fired from any job they 've done . 
  because they are child molesters . 
  can you show me an example of someone being fired because he was sentenced as a pedophile and it being illegal ? 
  oh i see , forcibly placing your erected penis in children while working as an authorized mediator between humans and the all mighty creator of the universe is the same as some regular person doing a regular person job and committing an average regular offense . 
  you should work as a bureaucrat in charge of organizing a genocide . 
  they need exactly the most rational heartless people like you . 
   a conviction , itself , is not a valid ground you 're kidding right ? 
  yes , there 's no sound for it to be there but that 's not the point . 
  it 's meant to make fun of the j in the serbian cyrillic alphabet . 
  in reality it makes zero sense to retire \u0439 and \u044f for the latin j and ja . 
  z e r o. 
  they clearly say that sound out loud just as they do with \u044a but it 's not there . 
  it 's even more nonsensical because the serbian alphabet includes characters that from a linguistic stand point should n't really be ( \u0452 \u045b \u0459 \u045a \u045f ) . 
  ^ edit they did this to distance it from church slavonic which is just old bulgarian . 
  a very balkan thing to do . 
  take stuff that 's inclusive and make it divisive . 
  karadzic was influenced by western slav linguists who reject the cyrillic alphabet . 
  or not fire someone for , say , raping of children , for example , which is unthinkable otherwise . 
  it 's a type of suicide that has existed for as long as we record history . 
  durkheim categorizes it as `` anomic suicide '' . 
  it happens to emotional people , more often to individuals with prominent intelligence in their society or group . 
  actors , painters , musicians but also people of science more than ofter commit such suicides . 
  public suicides are misunderstood . 
  people feel like it 's an act of violence against them because they are suddenly confronted with somebody 's ugly end . 
  people hate that because it reminds them of how awful life could be and that we 're all going to die someday and that is the most frightening thought ever . 
  it 's like having a great day and somebody ruining it with their misfortune . 
  you kind of get mad at them for sharing . 
  we also like to forget such horrible things and it 's just human . 
  it 's awfully unfair , stupid , and straight down cruel to think that public suicide means people are seeking attention or they are following some sort of trend . 
  attention seekers make sure their method is n't as brutal , painful , and lethal as self-immolation . 
  self-immolation is idiot free , easy admission , and means certain death , even with the best modern medicine can do . 
  and they are meant to cause massive amounts of pain , which is a way of proving to everyone you really mean it . 
  suicides happen all the time but are never news . 
  sometimes a big social distress is that last drop for people and there 's `` a wave '' . 
  to just dismiss such suicides as a `` media craze '' or people being attention whores is what 's truly ugly and tragic , and is happening right now in bulgaria . 
  instead of demanding something be done to help those people contemplating suicide everybody is just mocking them or making it seem like it 's about them and their cause . 
  but i 'm used to seeing only ugly and tragic from my country . 
  hey croats , you know what would be a smack in their face ? 
  add bulgarian signs !, 
  with lots of \u042a and \u0419 and \u042f . 
  they would be able to read them . 
  add \u0421\u042a\u0420\u0411\u0418\u0419\u042f all over the place to make them explode in anger . 
  we should be best friends just to piss off the serbs . 
  [ guys ? 
  ] ( http://images.wikia.com/totarchive/images/0/0e/forever_alone.png ), 
  yes , `` the media '' is responsible . 
  because bulgarians are so dramatically dumb that they would do anything they see on the tv screen . 
  americans do the harlem shake and we 're burning ourselves . 
  your reasoning is so smart , and logical . 
  you should get more upvotes . 
  foreigners living in big european cities !??!?!, 
  grab the torches !, 
  yes , but how much is it in feet and elbows ? 
  i said nothing about forcing anyone to follow eu law . 
  i 'm talking with a 5 year old here . 
  first of all those shitty countries are n't in the eu precisely ** because ** of those reasons , to be harder to keep them accountable for harboring and helping criminals . 
  they should n't be untouchable becase they decide to be leechers . 
  secondly , those are more specifics about the bail out itself . 
  i 'm trying to go deeper into the reasons of the need for bail out itself which would then determine the actions that need to be taken . 
  if their economies are based on banking that is directly or indirectly responsible for the situation in the eu i do n't give two shits about their sovereignty and decision not to join the union , they should and will be held accountable . 
  when all the poor `` unimportant '' folk on this continent gets thoroughly fucked we 're only treating symptoms . 
  it always comes back around in a death circle until we do n't take real measures . 
  they 're all on the eu and g20 's blacklist . 
   why do they not just tax everyone that is a foreigner and has an account with a substantial amount of money for like 12-15 % of that and just leave the cyprian savers alone ? 
  why not just make those accounts illegal on eu soil ?!, 
  are n't we basically extorting criminals this way ? 
  what if it 's dirty money ? 
  money from exploiting other sorry folks like africans working in illegal mines . 
  or selling them weapons to murder each other ? 
  for all we know this money might come from enslaving russian/ukrainian girls to get fucked by disgusting old dutch men 40 times a day for 10 $ . 
  how much do the dreams and hopes of millions of russian country side peasant 's daughters whose only sin is being beautiful and poor cost to you , man ? 
  also , following the same logic we should attack luxemburg , monaco , and switzerland . 
  that 's where the sweet criminal money is . 
  we would n't just solve the crisis , we would get filthy rich . 
  the swiss will recover much faster than the cypriots . 
  do you actually realize how dehumanizing it is having all those other fat tax havens but attacking only cyprus ?!, 
  as a bulgarian i 've never been happier to be a conspiracy caveman who does n't keep savings in a bank . 
  1 % -3 % interest for this shit and allowing some larger than life fatcat * economy specialist * `` invest '' my few cents in a rip-off casino called modern capitalism . 
  no thanks . 
  banking is for the mafia , drugs and weapons traffickers , and good faith sheep who think they 're part of the `` bourgeois '' because they are allowed to have credits to secure a shitty existence . 
  i much rather face the risk of being robbed by some low life piece of shit criminal than those white collar piece of shit criminals . 
    i ca n't remember now , sorry . 
   it 's ok :p  i have a good pic for that but whatever , i 'll save it for next time x ) maybe if he 'd quote in every response this would have never happened !, 
  by the way in the early days of the byzantine empire orthodox iconography portrayed jesus doing the [ `` ave caeser !, 
  '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ave_imperator,_morituri_te_salutant ) salute . 
  the same salute that was copied by the italian fascists and borrowed by hitler where it 's most * famous * from . 
  afterwards the salute christ is doing [ was changed ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/spas_vsederzhitel_sinay.jpg ) a bit so it does n't look like the `` almighty '' is under the power of the caeser . 
  there is no real symbolism in the new sign but as of lately it has been borrowed by pacifists to represent peace . 
  cute story . 
  this got you banned from r/murica, 
  ex neo-nazis with politically charged nationalistic lyrics . 
  popular with hicksville folks around the german speaking alps and germany but also with the extreme right .
