  just like when your os starts being slow and infuriating ... you would format your hdd and install a fresh new os . 
  all we did is install some malware cleaner that did n't find anything , and a shitty anti virus that was itself a trojan . 
  [ cnn article ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/world/9701/13/bulgaria/index.html ) from back in the day . 
  secretly i always wish something like this would happen to people like you . 
  you 'd get broken by cops , hunch for the rest of your life just because you swung your hand while trying to reason with them because they are trying to stop you from helping your child . 
  and then i want you to go online and read all the derp comments of people blaming you for for anything that happened . 
  i wish it happened to idiots like you but the universe does n't serve justice like this . 
  for the lazy :  1.1 bigotry , hate speech and xenophobia of any form ( sexism , racism , homophobia , islamophobia , russophobia , anti-semitism , et al ) are not tolerated here . 
  to provide further clarity , we here is a small list of examples . 
  please use your common sense to interpret this rule . 
   * it is ok to criticise immigration . 
   * it is ok to criticise members of minority groups . 
   * it is not ok to suggest that members of different cultures or races are incapable of cohabiting . 
   * it is not ok to suggest that some races or cultures are inherently better than others . 
   * it is not ok to make pejorative statements about large cultural , national or ethnic groups especially when these groups are not entered into by choice ( e.g. 
  race , gender , sexuality ) . 
   * additionally , holocaust denial ( of either the 1915 armenian genocide or the 1941-5 holocaust of the jews , homosexuals , the disabled , jehovah 's witnesses , etc. ), 
  is completely unacceptable . 
   2.5 mods reserve the right to remove egregiously low quality content under limited circumstances  2.6 content which does not fit with the theme of this subreddit and/or is not relevant here shall be removed ( e.g. 
  domestic us politics or economics in argentina ), 
  wow you 're the first german to admit the song and the performance was shit . 
  i mean c'mon . . if 40 countries do n't even give one stinking point , maybe you need to take a deep breath and admit you were shit . 
  by the way in the [ unofficial ] ( http://eurovision.bnt.bg/bulgarian-voting-eurovision-201/ ) voting bulgaria gave germany 2 points . 
  what a fucking retard . 
  it 's intentionally so . 
  gibberish . 
  it is supposed to show to native speakers how their languages sound to non native speakers . 
  he possessed this coat of arms before he united anyone . 
  he also most definitely did not come up with a double headed eagle himself . 
  i 'm a bulgarian , not a bulgar . 
  i mean i 'm not calling you an illyrian , right !, 
  and that 's not really an interpretation by a country . 
  it 's just a background story . 
  the cappadocian myth probably goes back in time even more ... [ back to india ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gandaberunda ) . 
  things are interconnected that does n't demean their individual worth . 
  no need to take this as a statement against albania or whatever . 
  the albanian flag comes from the coat of arms of the skanderbeg ( his first name was george ) , albanian national hero . 
  really one of the most fascinating european figures in history . 
  very underrated . 
  let that finnish [ girl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybcvlxivscw ) tell you how english ( among other languages ) sounds to non-english speakers . 
  not even close dude . 
  a kg of weed costs about 3000-6000 $ ( street price ) depending on the quality and location . 
  so between 69-138m $ they burnt enough weed to get every person in spain a joint . 
  the double headed eagle is on serbian and russian flags as well . 
  it was was a vexilloid ( flag ) used in the byzantine empire . 
  it was an upgrade of the roman one headed eagle with ancient motifs found in asia minor of a double headed eagle . 
  it was made for emperor komnenos who was born in cappadocia . 
  there is a myth from cappadocia which includes a monster named hagka that is a very big double headed eagle . 
  it would attack villages , terrorize people , and have a lust for human virgins ( sounds familiar ) . 
  st. george ( who also hails from asia minor ) is depicted on a horse killing a creature , the dragon . 
  crusaders from western europe would bring back the story of st. george ( that 's why it is one of the most wide spread christian names ) from asia minor because they were all soldiers and he is the only soldier martyr . 
  st. george 's cross which was also byzantine imperial insignia and practically on every banner they had is also very wide spread . 
  best known as the flag of england ( and georgia . . and sardinia ) . 
  tl ; dr : the double headed eagle comes from the same myth where dragons come from . 
  i bought a passport holder for bulgaria in french . 
  says `` passeport republique bulgarie '' and has our coat of arms and the european star circle . 
  i do n't speak french or am a francophone . 
  i just thought `` that 's so european ! '', 
  annoys the crap out of boarder checks on airports for some reason . 
  a bulgarian ... with french on his passport ?!, 
  what is the meaning of this ? 
  my wording was not about claims or size of claimed territories . 
  that 's not what makes a player in the eyes of the russians . 
  russians see the world differently . 
  hanging on to any sort of treaties as a reassurance from russians is not only stupid it 's insane . 
  ask the ukrainians . 
  russians will sign a treaty to not rape you and rape you on the next day , because you put on a sexy shirt and for them that eliminated the treaty because . . they decided so . 
  russians take a look at the arctic and the us and canada on one side and themselves on the other one . 
  they also see some europeans but you should estimate by the severity of their rhetoric about us how much of a `` player '' scandinavia seems to be in the eyes of the russians . 
   when that changes i 'll look at their platform this perfectly explains my point on why neoliberalism is ignored and has managed to build a stronghold in otherwise politically chaotic bulgaria . 
  you should look at their platform because it 's a party in your government . 
  not only that dps has survived any other political party in bulgaria except the post-communist socialist party ( which has also changed names and structures more often than dps ) . 
  they have won seats in every parliamentary election since 1990 . 
  they take part in ruling coalitions and have ministers and other crucial posts . 
  why ? 
  bulgaria adopted a very neoliberal economic strategy in the 90s . 
  especially after the 1997 financial and political crisis . 
  this was basically what the imf demanded from us and it was delivered without much resistance from any political opposition or resistance from voters who still do n't understand or have anything to say about it . 
  the natural `` enemy of the neoliberalism '' is the left , and our left is just a bullshit left . 
  actually many bulgarians are n't aware of this but the ndsv party which won the 2001 electino was a hardcore neoliberal party . 
  and so is dps , and with them bulgaria has had a constant and considerably powerful neoliberal wing in the parliament . 
  but we 're always too busy hating them because they are the `` turks party '' . 
  it never actually occurred to us that it is an actual party , with actual political agenda , that can be criticized . 
  the ethnic tension made us largely blind to the actual political process . 
  anytime i try to start a discussion on the actual politics of dps it grows into a discussion on race and history in bulgaria . 
  and it was seen as the best strategy for our economy . 
  still is , very strongly so . 
  combined with the low wages and nearness to europe as well as being an eu member now , it is supposed to attract huge foreign investment and get the economy cracking , modernizing and rolling like hell . 
  as we can all see it has n't helped to do that . 
  out corruption and lack of judicial reforms has acted as a firewall for the investments this `` open marketness '' is supposed to attract . 
  we seem to ignore this when we think about russia but it is also a northern state . 
  it 's strongly represented in the country ethnically , culturally , culinary , etc. 
  russia is very interested in a possible neuordnung of the north pole/north atlantic/arctic region where scandinavia ( and in this sense the eu ) is the [ fourth , smallest player ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3rifrm0.jpg ) . 
  when you think about it , russia could easily dominate the region and control the resources that are there . 
  europe has a northern frontier and we 've simply not accustomed to thinking about it a lot . 
  you 're kidding yourself . 
  that is a lie . 
  the fake is not a fake-fake . 
  here is jan making it clear to everyone that they doctored a finger . 
  so clever .
