  see it 's that easy not to be a hypocrite cunt and spread shit you do n't like around . 
  why are you such meme nazis . 
  some people like it . 
  deal with it . 
  people like all kinds of crap . 
  the same way i 'm not an eastern rumelian or some other complete bullshit the people in the west come up with . 
  bulgaria being closer to istanbul had a much harder time with resisting . 
  we literally had zero support from anywhere but russia . 
  no allegiances , no friendship , no interests . 
  news of the massacres following a failed [ upspring ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/april_uprising ) went around the world and caused a strong reaction but it was obvious that the british empire , france , or spain had absolutely no intention to do something . 
  the feeling that the russians were the only people on the planet who cared for us was further facilitated by the biggest douchebaggery in the history of the balkans the [ treaty of berlin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_berlin_%281878%29 ) . 
  edit : is that a painting of a black turkish soldier rape-murdering white bulgarian women in a church ?!, 
  fuck , that is some hardcore imagery right there ... 
  basically everybody . 
  in bulgaria the russians are still called the `` brothers '' . 
  contrary to popular belief it has nothing to do with the ussr or the world wars or politics . 
  russians liberated bulgarians in [ 1878 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-turkish_war_%281877%e2%80%931878%29 ) and a bond like this is forever . 
  that 's a bit of a knee-jerk title and reaction . 
  first of all . 
  it 's most corrupt in the eu not europe ( thank you very much , greece ) . 
  and secondly the provision has n't passed the approval of the parliament . 
  even less of a `` new '' news is the fact that ngos in bulgaria are just as corrupt as everything else . 
  real election monitors will not be restricted . 
  election drama in bulgaria happens with the two big minorities - the turkish/muslim bulgarians and the romani . 
  feel free to google . 
  it think it 's the women . 
  the percentage of skinny women in romania is much higher than other parts of europe . 
  i think it 's a gender role thing and a healthy female eating culture ( which obviously the men are less susceptible to ) . 
  i am a bulgarian man who appreciates lean women and my last girlfriends/sexual acquaintances were 3 italian and 2 romanian girls . 
  however and whenever i die , i will die glad and happy . 
  this statistic does not surprise me . 
  one thing in common - they all knew a fuckton about food types , metabolism , diet standards , and all that jazz . 
  and it seemed like total general knowledge to them . 
  i recently started reading the nutrition part of arnold schwarzenegger 's `` the new encyclopedia of modern bodybuilding '' because it is like the bible for anyone looking to improve his/her diet ... and i already knew most of the stuff because of my romanian gf . 
  turkish \u2260 ottoman . 
  i can imagine in the case of suicides there 's better empirical evidence like a goodbye note , chronic decease , financial problems/insurance , guilt , trauma , loneliness , suicidal history , or making sure there are enough witnesses ( like in this very case ) . 
  ottoman furniture has absolutely nothing to do with turks or romani . 
  in most cases like that police have a really good reason to believe it is suicide but do not report the exact reasons to the media because of the families . 
  that would imply we came from russia . 
  balkan people are largely mediterraneans who were occasionally visited by nordic and turkic peoples for some romantic dates and rape . 
  other balkan people call bulgarians `` tatars '' ( especially the serbs ) in an effort to create an idea that we 're not all the same fucking batch of bastards here . 
  it 's so brilliantly pathetic , i freaking love it . 
  i once saw an air india plane . 
  it was decorated in the exact same way romani usually decorate their carriages . 
  it 's amazing how obvious it is which part of the world they once came from . 
  edit : also does this mean that antiziganism is actually racism against indians/pakistanis/bangladeshi ? 
  people in central asia like the chuvash people have a tradition of wearing cloth or strings in the spring or hanging them on trees . 
  oh yeah , well we veto your veto !, 
  putin more like uglin . 
  why do n't you look at the mirror before you talk shit !, 
  no you !, 
  no you !, 
  meanwhile 50 innocent children drown in the mediterranean . 
  i was just kidding . 
  when people convert they get a muslim name . 
  especially if they are called richard maria christian jesus . 
  what 's donald 's muslim name ? 
  hey look at this guy he thinks bulgaria can have a positive image in western media . 
  omglmao what a fool !, 
  `` great old bulgaria '' sounds like a travel channel 's show about the balkan mountain 's country side and it 's disturbing bloody medieval history . 
  `` in today 's episode we take a look at the breath taking v\u0103rbica pass where in the beginning of the 9th century after indulging in a brutal attack on the bulgar capital , plundering , raping and murdering all the children in the most creative ways possible the byzantine army was then ambushed and slaughtered and the bulgar khan krum made himself a wine glass out of the skull of the byzantine emperor . 
  ah , great old bulgaria . '', 
   any real consultation this topic has been around for a really long time . 
  countries like greece and italy have been hit hard by mass immigration and have vehemently pushed for quotas , blaming countries to the north that they only used them like an umbrella and ignoring the problem . 
  this thing is in consultation for a long time and may i remind everyone that euroskeptics ( like a lot of the people who are now again screaming the alarm because of germany wanting to cut benefits to those who do n't do their part when they have to ) criticized the eu for being unable to have a plan on immigration and not even being able to get immigration quotas . 
  there is no time for another 5 year discussion on the matter . 
  unlike before there is an urgent need for action right now . 
  and if eastern countries think they can just wait it out they are in denial . 
  if eastern countries think they can just stand there , pretend muslims are the boogeyman , and watch how germany is being pushed down to its knees by sheer numbers , and call it `` bad luk rich niemchkov , thanx for taking one for team '' . . they can sure as hell meet the consequences from germany . 
  i did not give them as examples for success because of `` mixing cultures '' . 
  you gave them as examples for failing because of `` mixing cultures '' . 
  and all three of your examples are bright examples of countries that are very successful . 
  the uk/france are actually a mixture of a ton of cultures . 
  and i 'm looking at the us . 
  it 's working out for them really nicely . 
  they have a city called new york , it 's considered it 's the most powerful city on earth . 
  it is also the earth 's biggest melting pot . 
  one of the city 's many potent symbols is the ellis island which was the `` gate '' to the new world . 
  it 's also a symbol of the biggest migration ( most of them poverty stricken europeans ) in human history . 
  nowadays it 's the most powerful country in the world this usa . 
   what is the difference the nsdap had a paramilitary organization that was murdering people left and right , organizing coups , pogroms , execution of opposition , and journalists . 
  how about that for a difference to nowadays democratic standards ? 
   germany fuck up by spreading the word to syrian migrants they are welcome there and they can take hundreds of thousands . 
  yeah , no this is complete an utter bullshit . 
  turkish and east european refugee smugglers spread that word , not the germans . 
  treating people like human beings ( people running away from a prolonged civil war without an end combined with a psychopathic terrorist state on the other side ) does not make germany a country asking for refugees . 
  germany has been generous to a lot of peoples around eastern europe . 
  i did n't see anybody in the east call them `` stupid '' because they poured money into the european integration in the there . 
   alienating eastern european countries will not work . 
  when in the history after the decline of the byzantine empire was this not how things are done ? 
  both twitter and tumblr are just two popular platforms for people on the internet to exchange shit . 
  that constant childish shitting on tumblr on reddit is just dumb . 
  it 's the same exaggeration like saying reddit is a platform for racists , rapists , and pedophiles . 
  that 's northern europe you 're talking about . . the `` barbarian spring/well '' as the romans called it back in the day . 
  they 've * exported * a lot of people . 
  judging by the release of that n1 tablet nokia is probably going to licence it 's name to some chinese manufacturer like alcatel lucent ( which ~ ~ may ~ ~ [ will merge ] ( http://www.zdnet.com/article/alcatel-lucent-to-merge-with-nokia-for-15-6-billion/ ) with the nokia sns ) . 
  which is not a bad thing , in just 2 year 's time android alcatel phones went from downright garbage to great reviews all around for their extremely good priced [ idol 3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvnmjiqejkg ) . 
  europe , relevant since 30000bc, 
  [ sofia , bulgaria january 1997 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08kdp8vsk6o ) yes , those are mps barricading themselves in the bulgarian national assembly ( parliament ) . 
  i wish the place had been burned down with everyone in it .
