  for many bulgarians the existence of macedonia is only possible because of bulgaria 's grudging compromise . 
  bulgaria lost wwii and the ussr decided to solve the `` macedonian issue '' by `` appointing '' a macedonian state within yugoslavia with the `` approval '' of the bulgarian communist party . 
  that is one of the last strong universal bulgarian feelings . 
  bulgarians may be polarized on anything but the idea that macedonia is ~ ~ a fake ~ ~ an artificial country possible because of circumstance rather than because there should really be such a country . 
  do n't get me wrong , most modern bulgarians do n't really care about the territorial silliness - nobody in their right mind believes macedonia would dare touch [ pirin macedonia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pirin_macedonia ) but this dumbshit macedonian nationalism is really rustling our jimmies , really . 
  we do n't give a shit about how they want to handle their existence but it is not going to be at our expense . 
  jimmy savile, 
  googled that name . 
  that 's probably one of the most horrible pedophile cases i 've heard . 
  a friend of mine is * trying * to be an archaeologist in bulgaria . 
  it all started when his great grandfather found a thracian tomb on his land with gold and silver artifacts that cost 11 million euros today . 
  his family got a few food stamps back then . 
  he says looting is so rampant and chaotic that the criminals themselves have driven the prices so low it actually makes zero sense for them economically . 
  nonetheless they still do it , just destroying what is practically undiscovered european history . . and no one really wins . 
  imho best part of it all are the various religious temples that get discovered all the time . 
  my favorite artifacts are from the orphic mysticism that has a central deity , son of a zeus and a mortal woman ; who appears on a cross on some depictions . 
  there 's so little known about this cult , yet it is so interesting . 
  near it is also the [ varna necropolis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varna_necropolis ) where the oldest golden artifacts of humankind were discovered back in the 70s ; including a `` a gold penis sheath '' . 
  some nice dicks , actually . 
  countries join the eu because they make it possible , not because they they already can . 
  a prospect for turkey 's membership would make resolving issues like cyprus possible . 
  i do n't see what else we could offer to be able to split the differences . 
  for all those who hate everything the eu stands for - it 's now or never . 
  throw as much of their shit as they can . 
  exaggeration is the least they can do . 
  at the beginning of it all , personally i thought we were going to finally have some real talk about a reform of the financial industry . 
  guess i 'll wait till the next crisis 5 years from now . 
  yeah , that will never work . 
   left wingers like to represent the poor , and since a large proportion of muslims in europe are poor no . 
  and no . 
  you could make a statement about minorities ' traditional left orientation but the `` poor '' logic is just retarded . 
  read the article . 
  it 's about israel for the most part . 
  the left are critical of imperialism ( even though it 's an old concept ) and the existence of israel through the us has made it very clear on which side they stand . 
  this may sound illogical today but it decided a lot of pacts back in the cold war and things follow their path . 
  the aggressive way israel acts in gaza does not help . 
  most people on the left want peace and cooperation in the east and ultra pro-israel support sees this as leaning towards the muslims . 
  so you say we should all convert to catholicism ? 
  what makes a lithuanian assassin a good choice for the sicilian mafia ? 
  do you know this first hand or is it just something you 've heard ? 
  i 've heard it , never happened to me . 
  i 've had a lot of different jobs , read a lot of offers . 
  not a reality . 
  i know mcdonalds pay about 6 % on sundays but that 's because they are too big to duck . 
  and 6 % is laughable . 
  i once worked at the frankfurt airport . 
  a raise and weekend additions were promised after the first 6 months `` you know , to see if everything works out well '' . 
  after 8 months i asked for it and they were n't very happy . 
  after a couple more months i started calling every week . 
  was eventually fired for accumulating 3 consecutive 1 hour lateness after i got a specialized working plan that tricked me into making those 3 hours lateness . 
  that 's about all the `` double pay '' you 're gon na get in germany as far as i 'm concerned . 
  would never ask again , you know , i 'm a smart lab rat , i learn from patterns . 
  the best thing was receiving 12 cent raise once . 
  after 5 years of student jobs i 've enough experience . 
  you 'd be amazed how much effort they spend to avoid paying a few cent more . 
  nah i 'm not angry at all . 
  this lifestyle is mostly a choice , as i truly could start doing something else when i first noticed it 's going to be this way . 
  it does however bother me when people assume everything is going great for everybody , when it 's working out for a few . 
  when you say `` it 's about protecting the family '' and i know it not even close to being so simple , i just need to tell my story . 
  my point was more about the fact that the system does n't really care about people being with their families as it seems to you . 
  i 've this impression from my life in the system and i know how it treats me and others . 
  the system does not care for people being with their families - be it a wonderful thought - it only cares about prolonging a tradition that has become irrelevant . 
  the main argument you and many more germans make is just planning ahead for that one single day of rest . 
  i love planning . 
  a bit of planning can make * everything * work - even having to work on sundays ( like many others ) and still be able to spend more time with your family . 
  i think it should be a free choice , free from tradition and pesky states deciding this for you or for other people . 
  if it turns out to be super unfair , we should then plan even better . 
  there are millions of people who have to work on sundays . 
  from airports through hospitals to the light industry . 
  bakeries in germany have to be up at 5 am on sundays to deliver br\u00f6tchen when you get up to go to church , right ? 
  the idea that our world can just pause and go into stand-by is utopia . 
  as a poor student i have to work and study all the freaking time . 
  i also have a hobby and stuff . 
  plus i need some social life to keep me sane . 
  they do n't even offer me 2 cents for working the whole weekend . 
  nobody gives a shit if i have n't had a day off in 6 weeks . 
  so i do n't buy it when people come up with `` it 's a more fair world this way '' argument . 
  to me it 's just pretending and living in a perfect bubble . 
  i do n't think it 's that bad . 
  at most it will be like 50-100 thousand people over a couple of years , then it would settle down like everywhere else . 
  most of them will seek education and a paying job , looking for better life for their families . 
  romania and bulgaria should be the ones shitting bricks here because 90 % of their talent is slipping away to benefit your fucking country and society . 
  forgive me if that sounds racist but the uk has millions indians and pakistani . . maybe our romani folks can finally reunite with their ancestors . 
   god bless turkish workers and kebab !, 
  ironically , `` god '' is also the reason why sunday is the most boringestest of week days . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6j5pu7gq-k ) is how i felt on one of my first sundays in germany . 
  it was so weird to me . . the idea of not being able to buy anything anywhere ( but the good ol' d\u00f6ner bude ) . 
  almost as weird as it was to germans when i suggested shops should be opened on sundays . 
  i am saddened that my joke was n't as * original * . 
  they give him raging boners . 
  the ultra nationalist parties have become mainstream in europe generally in the ex-eastern bloc is n't excluded . 
  welcome to democracy . 
  buckle up to discover what percentage of society is poop . 
  i do n't know why greece 's golden dawn have become the poster boys for that movement ( probably because of the cool name ) but it 's pretty common in europe . 
  i say conquer them and steal their riches !, 
  france , germany and italy should share the new territories . 
  the european integration is a good thing and eu expansion is the way to go . 
  eu 's doors should always be open for peoples and countries to be able to strive towards them if they want to . 
  all countries that commit to the copenhagen criteria and fulfill its economic and political plans , and are democratically accepted by the community should be able to be admitted . 
   [ ... ] turkey [ ... ] i predict a shitstorm in 3 . . 2 . . 1 ...
