well , putin is democratically elected and the majority supports him . 
  so there 's your flourishing modern democracy . 
  has n't political murder become something ordinary in russia ? 
  something that is just part of the landschaft ? 
  the smugness is captured pretty well . 
  montrani / shimetzi which one was the `` fuck you '' again ? 
  i always get them confused , maimuni !, 
  i 'm convinced boiko borisov actually has some sort of a stature problem . 
  no normal human sits like this in that kind of situation ... 
  v\u044ai , is better than lele * barf * and it 's an ancient thing greeks and romans were saying it too . 
  you can find some form of * vaie * all around the black sea . 
  we 're part of something big . 
  a burgas joke : george michael is blowing elton john in a public toilet . 
  a person from sofia comes in and exclaims `` leleeee '' . 
  george michael with full mouth turns around and says `` that 's the gayest thing i ever heard '' . 
  the stereotype of russian tourists is basically like arab sheikhs but with vodka , taiga , and women . 
  russian taste is basically thermo nuclear level of kitsch with strong megalomaniac obsession . 
  my grandmother is macedonian , her family is of those people expelled from greek macedonia so she can speak a very authentic macedonian , none of that serbo-croation abomination noise , just really clean macedonian . 
  i do n't understand modern macedonians so well either . 
  not at all : / i 'm from the coast too and i really hate west bulgarian dialects . 
  i mean i have friends from sofia , close friends but it causes me physical pain when they talk . . uugh . 
  it busts my fucking nuts . 
  so it 's definitely has something to do with [ regions ] ( http://bg.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d0%af%d1%82%d0%be%d0%b2%d0%b0_%d0%b3%d1%80%d0%b0%d0%bd%d0%b8%d1%86%d0%b0 ) . 
  i should become a prisoner in norway . 
  is anders breivik living like this ? 
  if he is ... 
  i think i 'm just going to give up on trying to understand norway . 
  jobs and education . 
  good jobs and good education . 
  probably . 
  back in the day before google made youtube comments an extension to google + and voting was working very much like it does on reddit the longest thread anywhere on the internet was some macedonian song . 
  just some flag and a song the macedonians claim as their own . 
  it had about 600k comments when it got deleted . 
  and still at the end there were people leaving 2000 comment fights daily . 
  sometimes . 
  nobody asks for tap water in germany . 
  if you do they look at you like you 're some frugal asshole who is too cheap to spend 3 $ on a tiny bottle of water . 
  some even refuse to serve tap water . 
  there is n't such a thing as unsafe tap water water in bulgaria . 
  i first heard of such a thing when i went to germany and everyone was really smug about how clean their tap water is compared to everywhere else . 
  finally , a / r/europe circlejerk i can be a part of . 
  do n't call it `` circumcision '' , that works as a euphemism . 
  genital mutilation . 
  that 's what it is . 
  we should also consider the impact of such a law . 
  i see millions of parents and doctors doing it illegally . 
  i 'm not offended by any of this . 
  does n't mean i ca n't point out something that is offensive . 
  its not even funny , just blunt bigotry . 
  the fact that you 're so blind to why this is offensive is even more offensive . 
  it would have been funny if it was somehow relevant to anything in the video . 
  nope , it 's just bigotry . 
  the integration and mixing is on a much deeper level than loanwords . 
  we 're in mixed-languages territory here , like cappadocian ( if you need a turkish related example ) . 
  there 's a lot of greek and s. slavic in there . 
  [ romani . 
  when spain became poor in the story it became a '' - stan '' country and balkan music started playing . 
  that 's incredibly offensive . 
  yeah , no . 
  i try not to stretch my giving attention to resentful reddit shits like you over a few days in a tgread like this . 
  that 's the last comment i 'm going to reply to because you people are screaming the same things at me and we 're going in circles . 
  jordan is one of the top ranking countries in the region . 
  it 's not a `` poor country '' . 
  jordan is a model society in the middle east . 
  its oil industry is soon going to be flourishing because they have sold a couple of concessions to chineae and brazilian corporations like petrobras or whatever it 's called and they have a lot of it sitting under them . 
  calm down anger boy . 
  i made a point in my comment with the `` if '' situation and you 're telling me i do n't understand it . 
  it 's my fucking example . 
  most of the sources are not in english and do n't include any research information . 
  some kf them are just articles on sites with questionable integrity on the subject like a right or left wing newspapers . 
  linking to wikipedia on such subjects is useless as it 's a hot propaganda issue and it 's a user generated content . 
  jordan has the fourth largest oil shale reserve in the world currently . 
  part of them could and probably would . 
  the question is why not ? 
  if jordan has the ability to help part of the people after all europe is in peril . 
  you 're also saying western europe . 
  eastern europe would probably receive a lot too like they already do . 
  bullying ?!, 
  does that mean you 're bullying me now ? 
  where 's my brave protector ? 
   call me xenophobic , stupid or whatever , i just do n't understand . 
  strukkstar 's claim - not mine . 
  can you at least read through when you 're jumping in between two people 's conversations ? 
  it 's annoying when you do n't follow the continuity of the conversation and jump to false conclusions in order to make your point . 
  that wikipedia link is n't offering any solid backing to your claims . 
   if we 're unable to provide the immigrants a good enough socioeconomic status compared to locals when they arrive , that they resort to crime , should we be accepting them in the first place ? 
  no , and we 're not doing this . 
  the boarders are n't just open letting everybody in . 
  people apply for visas , jobs , a student status , etc. 
  and it 's all well thought through in order to make sure those people will not just arrive and land on the street . 
  i meant ruins as a metaphor . 
  i hear a lot of people suggesting germany had rehabilitated very quickly from the war which is so ignorant it blows my mind . 
  you ca n't even say the reunification is the end of wwii rehabilitation in germany . 
  the divide is very strong and integration of the east would take some more time . 
  it 's not just about clearing the rubble , smashing the swastikas , and having a strong economy . 
  but even in that initial phase germany received a lot of foreign help . 
  labor in the form of the american army was there . 
  certainly receiving billions in foreign economic and technical assistance , and loans , and having the us army clean and rebuild roads is n't immigrant and migrant labor ( although one could argue that sudeten germans and other expelled were in a way migrant labor ) but it 's not germans pulling their sleeves and doing it all by themselves . 
  the uk and france stopped halting the heavy industry in 1950s ( also with the help of the us ) and in a timespan of a few years good development the lack of labor was painfully evident . 
  turkish migrant labor started as soon as 1953 .
