  `` rape gangs in cologne were refugees ?!, 
  that 's news to us '' - the cologne police . 
  do you see a pattern here ? 
  go fuck yourself with a knife . 
  i saw a story in bulgaria of a 19 year old roma dude who was stabbed 19 times by refugees after seeking revenge over groping and attempted rape of `` his women '' . 
  news interview with the guy ( all in bulgarian ) https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zjeqsk_szgw, 
  `` if i see fellow countrymen be slightly better than me i do all i can to sabotage them . 
  unless they are thugs in that case i shit my pants , crawl on all four , and let them do whatever they want . '', 
  given that if you 've lived in sofia for all of your life it 's hard to tell but believe me sofia has been actively destroying the rest of the country . 
  and this is not a `` i hate sofia '' thing because of some petty regionalism . 
  it 's a really big problem . 
  it 's a process that happens everywhere and has deep roots in european history ( repeating quite a lot ) . 
  actually one of the core principals of the eu is to not let this happen , not just on a national level but also regional micromanaging . 
  almost every country has this `` regional cannibalization '' around and most go to great lengths to combat it . 
  germany is a great example for how successful such a strategy can be . 
  even if the reunification pushed that to an extreme scale . 
  however criticism and reforms on those issues in bulgaria have not seen the light of day because since our membership in 2007 we have n't successfully completed any of the other pressing reforms . 
  so basically `` do n't let stronger regions cannibalize others '' in bulgaria is clogged somewhere down a very long list of problems . 
  it did get mentioned on the last parliamentary vote but was buried in favor of the loud bullshit that the bulgarian media is spouting in voting season . 
  ironically because of the severity of the problem and the tremendous lack of political action in bulgaria sofia has now progressed the the issue so far that we 're neck deep in a future national catastrophe . 
  bulgaria now has the 2 poorest regions of all of the eu ( with another 3 pending to crush to the end of the list in the next 5 years ) while in the same time sofia is climbing the ladder to place 33 . 
  this means we could have more than 50 % of the country on the literal end of the development list in 2020 . 
  you ca n't have a country of just one city . 
  forget the destruction of culture and millenia long tradition . 
  once a region is empty it will probably never recover . 
  even north african countries that are 90 % desert are trying to evade this . 
  it will eventually at some point crumble down on sofia so it is not an issue of just the `` province '' . 
  my heart starts beating fast when i just think about it . 
  my palms get sweaty and i get an adrenaline kick so high i could conquer the world !, 
  i remember the day like it was yesterday . 
  july 10th 1994 , noon somewhere in new jersey . 
  the german team were pleasantly secure in their oblivious confidence laughing at the cheap gear and the unshaven [ barbarians ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lzic8bb.jpg ) that the bulgarians were . 
  the bulgarian team , already proven more than anyone had ever expected of them were the epitome of the underdog : `` they can only hope not to loose 8:0 '' . 
  not even the bulgarians themselves believed in those 11 men . 
  alone in the world ... standing against odds that would crush the gods . 
  a few hundred bulgarian fans surrounded by hoards and hoards of germans with flags so big they blocked out the sun . 
  [ we knocked the reigning world champion germany out . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt299bocy3c ) fucking germany . 
  2:1 after a lechkov goal so perfect scientists would finally understand why men go bald with a single patch of hair on their foreheads remaining . 
  the voices would scream so loud you did n't sound human . 
  `` god is a bulgarian '' the commentator would scream out in the universe just 15 minutes after saying `` well , we do have an ok team i guess '' . 
  billion people in front of their tvs would go `` where the fuck is bulgaria ? '' . 
  we now had taken a center stage in the world . 
  for generations , people around the world would talk about that historic day . 
  bulgarians had no idea what to do ... how do you celebrate success ?!, 
  we just went outside and started running and speaking gibberish . 
  such a surreal moment . 
  k. compared to other places in bulgaria though . . certainly overcrowded for a bulgarian city . 
  have you been to montana or vidin . 
  you ca n't see a single human walking the streets on a weekend . 
  i sent a few slogan suggestions to the ministry of tourism . 
  they all got rejected . 
  here are a some ( they all include tacky world-music-flute in the background ) : irrelevant but existing . 
  lower expectation , fewer disappointments . 
  we have gypsies , we 're not gypsies . 
  we hated refugees before it was cool . 
  party at oligarchy beach , bulgaria !, 
  romania - actually a totally different country . 
  `` remorseless orphanages '' is not the name of a metal band . 
  yes , we still talk about the world cup 1994 . 
  cheap . 
  that 's all . 
  greece 's poor neighbor . 
  in the choke-hold of the mafia . 
  sofia is n't cyberpunk , it 's turbofolk . 
  and it 's not a dystopia it 's an overcrowded dirty city that looks like a bootleg of vienna with malignant socialist formations that 's sucking the life out of the rest of the country . 
  on the other side  me world , me very think russia shit , me not really interested in russia, 
  you are right and i could n't agree more with you but the 10 % murdered under ion antonescu in concentration camps in transnistria is nowhere the total annihilation and sterilization that happened in western europe , the baltics and croatia . 
  bulgaria and romania have always had comparatively large romani minorities albeit treated very badly throughout the centuries there has n't been a huge autonomous genocide towards them . 
  calling them `` romanian citizens '' is not pc , it is in fact even more racist than just calling them gypsies and generalizing them all as criminals . 
  romanians and bulgarians have those minorities because we have n't mass murdered them when most other countries in europe did . 
  i suppose you as a polish person can appreciate someone who would n't gas a whole peoples because they are considered less human than others . . ? 
  oh you better watch out !, 
  germans have a wikipedia page on [ light bulb jokes ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:humorarchiv/gl%c3%bchlampen-witz ) so they can study it to make sense of the stupid nonsense that people say , and most importantly use the jokes structure and formula to offend you back . 
  q : `` how many portuguese does it take to change a light bulb ? '', 
  a : `` does n't matter they 're all free because they do n't have any jobs because they are lazy southerners . 
  and also their men are short and women have a mustache . '', 
  the german light bulb wikipedia page ncludes star trek light bulb jokes section . 
  could you elaborate on the `` successful integration '' ? 
  mamma mia . . here we go again . 
  add monsanto to this and we could have a joking response that is actually very true . 
  wow i did not know polish people hate australians and south americans so much . 
  [ it 's not that uncommon of a problem . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ackfbi8vyo ), 
   she had pretty clear opinions on some things , e.g. 
  conscription , nuclear energy , refugees no , she does n't . 
  first off , let 's leave the current refugees crisis out of the conversation . 
  apart from it being a `` hot topic '' and as all developing dramatic events like this there 's a lot of bullshit flying around . 
  we can start talking about this again when we can stop pretending that she has any choice now . 
  what 's she going to do about the millions of people heading to germany ? 
  the idea that you can effectively stop this in just a few months is ridiculous . 
  we should have been preparing for this for years to be able to have a choice . 
  now it 's all about micro managing the inevitable . 
  let 's not forget merkel had a whole different `` opinion '' ( meaning she never took any actual position , because it was autopiloting itself and working out for germany ) when mediterranean states were the brunt of the refugee waves . 
  it took literally 50k people arriving everyday for her to fucking say anything at all . 
  `` conscription '' ? 
  really ? 
  of all the things happening in europe and germany . 
  this is her agenda ? 
  something that was put in motion years before she even appeared on people 's radar .
