  they are fucking loading the big cannons . 
  they want this to have the highest price possible for scots and the eu . 
  that 's going to be an ugly motherfucking break up . 
  ugly . 
  tough times ahead for scotland , the people are going to be torn apart like a motherfucker . 
  used and abused . 
  poor bastards . 
  you 're either coming out strong but severely bruised or the whole thing is going to collapse on itself with aggressive movements sprouting up on both sides hurting scottish society long term . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  and i truly believe that you as a nation are bigger because of how you accept part of the responsibility in light of so many other nations going the other road on issues like this . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that a lot of reactions have been of ridicule and exaggeration . 
  erdogan deserve it , yes . 
  but do n't forget he is selling the idea of morally disingenuous , arrogant , ignorant , and offensive europe to his constituencies ( who at this point live fully within a bubble he has created by destroying freedom of press and suppressing social media , etc. ) . 
  so in a perverted kind of way by eliciting a certain reaction from us he proves his own point . 
  i just think that we 're doing the internet 's older mistake here . 
  feeding the troll . 
  i think we let him get the best of us . 
  that 's an unfair interpretation of his words though , do n't you think . 
  i 'm not advocating anything he 's said but he did not say the netherlands is responsible for what happened . 
  he is saying that the country is n't the beacon of moral purity and speaks of ** the role ** of the netherlands in srebrenica . 
  now you and many others may disagree but it 's not that outrageous a statement given how controversial it has been . 
  there 's no way this is about us . 
  i have n't figured it out but this is not about our rights or have something to do with anything related to us . 
  this is probably eu 's plan to get more bulgarians to emigrate to the us instead of western europe . 
  i think the biggest problem of sofia and the country for that matter is sofia 's overall attitude towards the rest of the country . 
  like the city is one and the rest of the country is a different entity , like a foreign place . 
  for sofioters it 's a source of pride that the rest of bulgaria is dying off . 
  one of bulgaria 's biggest problems has been the fact that sofia has been concentrating all the economic power , jobs , and population for 3 decades now . 
  it 's like a growing cancer . 
  bulgaria is divided into 6 economic regions . 
  5 of them are the poorest in the entire eu , the other one has sofia . 
  if the whole country had the gdp per capita of sofia we 'd be somewhere between slovakia and portugal , not dead last struggling for a gasp of air . 
  it 's not a sustainable situation . 
  you ca n't treat this like it 's a dick measuring competition with plovdiv , varna and burags . 
  it 's literally a matter of life and death . 
  the cancer dies with the patient . 
  you ca n't have a gigantic gypsy slum with a single `` oasis '' in it . 
  sooner or later the whole thing will come down crashing and your ugly , congested ball of turds will dissolve in the rest of the gypsy slum . 
   sofia native here and i got ta agree thank you . 
  admitting is the first step towards improvement . 
  people who say sofia is a very beautiful city are like the people who claim one of those morbidly obese women are beautiful models ... like i get it not every city has to be young , tall , lean , elegant , sexy paris or rome . 
  real , everyday , hard working , `` imperfect '' cities are beautiful too . 
  but goddamn it you ca n't just put lipstick on the pig and let it out on the catwalk ... 
  i 've never been to kiev but i hear russian soldiers go there on holidays a lot . 
  tirana is a nice city , it has a quirky and interesting flair to it . 
  i love that it has a lake and park and it 's near the sea . 
  it 's got more nature and it 's cleaner than sofia . 
  sofia is such a turd . 
  there 's simply no denying it . 
  i googled ugliest capitals to see what 's out there . 
  sofia is mentioned quite a lot . 
  http://opentravel.com/blogs/worlds-ugliest-capitals/ http://www.eguidetravel.com/articles/most-ugly-cities-in-the-world/ http://www.dangerous-business.com/2012/08/a-tale-of-two-capitals-bucharest-and-sofia/ http://www.tourism-review.com/bucharest-is-reportedly-the-ugliest-eu-capital--news2833 http://www.novinite.com/articles/113172/bulgaria+capital+airport+world's+10th+ugliest, 
  lol what ?!, 
  sofia is the ugliest capital city in ~ ~ europe ~ ~ the eu . 
  do n't be ashamed and lie about it . 
  embrace it , be proud of that unique achievement . 
  kosovo is empiric proof country karma is real !, 
  out of respect for the serbian * brothers * bulgaria also did n't recognize kosovo ... for a whole month !, 
  we just ca n't wait to start pretending it 's a real country with it 's own culture and history . 
  and then they build huge golden monuments to taunt serbians . 
  and start spreading their fake history books in schools . 
  mhhh ... 
  i can almost taste it . 
  that sweet revenge . 
  it 's the best fucking thing in the world . 
  because the relationship russia has with other parties has to be that of master and slave . 
  russians do not believe in partnership on an equal footing because they do n't believe anyone is equal , let alone to them . 
  even in communism it was still done like this . 
  russians are basically don corleone . 
  a ton of `` family '' talk but it 's all based on fear and distrust . 
  and if they 're having a bad day they can wipe out half their beloved `` family '' just to show who 's boss . 
  and if they think you `` owe '' them you 're fucked . 
  as a person who speaks german and english on daily basis but is n't german nor english dutch makes me feel like i 've taken drugs and my head is playing with me . 
  my brain is like `` are we high again ?!? 
  dude i think there was something in that sprite ... 
  i 'm freaking out man . . did you hear that guy pronounce a g. . no wait i think he 's gathering spit . 
  wtf look there more of them . 
  i think we 're dying ! '', 
  she 's literally the blandest most androgynous woman i have ever set my eyes on . 
  my meatus just yawned . 
  in a world of front national france and afd germany i 'd definitely still trust france more . 
  that petry witch has too much pent up hidden hate in her eyes . 
  who the fuck ca n't trust france ?!?!, 
  literally the most trustworthy country in europe right now . 
  you 're just not as aware yet . 
  when i see cops from southeastern europe i do n't get horny . . 
  i see young men stopping breathing in a puddle of blood , teeth , and piss in the basement of a police station . 
  a sign that you live in a peaceful country - when you see riot police you get horny . 
  i know how to offend him , guys . 
  watch this !, 
  well i once visited portugal . . it 's just like bulgaria but [ without the socialist architecture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/et3qoyh.gif ) . 
  eli5 : imagine ikea is about to buy some fancy italian designer furniture store . 
  turns out the italian owners have 17 trucks full of cash from decades of selling overpriced furniture to micro penis 50 year old closet fags around the whole world . . so they decide to * show * ikea who is boss and slowly start buying off ikea . 
  in the last moment they realize they wo n't be able to do it so they actually sell their store to ikea to finally buy ikea . 
  that was until 2007 afterwards the company was reorganized and now you ca n't claim audi dna in seat anymore . 
  because audi is part of volkswagen too . 
  when you think about the fact that skoda and seat are practically volkswagen . . the map would be a lot more blue . 
  do n't . 
  they have been blasting hateful nazi propaganda against romania and bulgaria for a decade now . 
  i mean that an election is connected with risks and being so certain gerb will rebound is naive .
