  this idea comes from western cold war propaganda and the tendency of the church to present itself as a victim of unbelievers/nonchristians . 
  it has much more to do with the integration and status of the russian orthodox church in the monarchy and the risk its power and position in society posed to the new state . 
  processes that rejected the power of the church have also been happening in western europe , stalin was just a radical maniac who consolidated a lot of power that allowed him to do almost anything . 
  the church and its leaders were put down like anybody else who tried to stay in the way . 
  this includes a lot of people that were much much more real communists than stalin . 
  in fact stalin started with them first before he demolished churches . 
  i would love to see this with main import destinations . 
  [ the illustration ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vtf0iad.jpg ) is wrong though . 
  a0 is not 1m x 1m . 
  it 's 841mm x 1189mm ( still 1m \u00b2 ) . 
  this is aspect ratio 1 width : \u221a 2 height ( ca . 
  1:1,41 ) which he explains later at the end of the video . 
  it 's a gigantic victim-complex . 
  then you 've never been in a bulgarian bookstore ( there 's a whole section for conspiracy theories books everywhere ) or a newsstand ( about one third is made of publications with stuff like this ) . 
  [ our freaking military dug ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnchk07woj4 ) a gigantic hole because some person told them there are aliens there . 
  yep . 
  that 's the tip of the iceberg . 
  if you read carefully you 'd notice they quote bulgaria 's president with that number . 
  i 'm actually not calling this a conspiracy but pondering upon the irony that there is a real conspiracy happening yet the conspiracy obsessed bulgarians never thought of it . 
  bulgarians absolutely love conspiracy theories . 
  you can hear and read all kinds of crazy shit from all kinds of people . 
  all these years i 've been hearing about this jewish world order or that sneaky turkish plan for the islamisation of bulgaria , or how the eu is secretly destroying our economy to control us , or how americans are hiding gigantic caves with alien pyramids in bulgaria ... 
  but never did anyone ever mention the fact that russia is devising a master plan for destabilizing us with a `` hybrid war '' as part of some post-berlin wall ex-kgb oligarchy imperialism aiming to get them back in the game . 
  it 's officially called `` social security '' in english . 
  even with all the cold war reserves and the paramilitary it 's 3,2 million at best . 
  norway has a population of 5 million . 
  preschool math here , people . 
   their entire population is about the size of russia 's military that 's not even remotely true . 
  are arabs huge fans of [ goatwhore ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ft5fowymii ) or what is that referencing to ? 
  the extremists are the mainstream . 
  putin thinks he 's got it all figured out but he created a rats nest that will not go away for generations . 
  civilians on war fronts celebrating are truly the stupidest people . 
  german eurosceptical party won seven percent by saying `` we should be more like switzerland '' and now are entering the eu parliament . 
  most news broadcasters and articles are meant to inform people . 
  present facts and analysis . 
  that article is doing this . 
  it 's not propaganda because it 's not in any way manipulative with the information it presents . 
  it in no way sways opinions . 
  it presents the reality through a set of of unbiased and widely recognized terms and definitions and deals with facts . 
  if you feel like facts oppose your personal views try to maybe question your views and not the mere facts . 
  i thought this was `` immigration propaganda '' ? 
  now it 's brain drain defence ? 
  two different things . 
  it 's merely an issue of insufficiency in the labour force within an ever commercializing industry that pretends its aims are the advantage of nation-based teams within an international competition , when really its about business and maximizing profit . 
  most of all it 's a fact . 
  meanwhile in bulgaria : `` what now ? 
  you guys do n't like awesome friendly beautiful fair great generous fantastic not crazy big brother russia ( which we love and cherrish a lot , like very much ) !? 
  you guys are crazy , we have no idea what you 're talking about * fearful grin * '', 
  i think this should be a wake up call to serbia and serbians . 
  ukraine has been their pet and they are getting * this * treatment . 
  you think it 's really a good idea to be their next pet . . 
  voluntarily ?!, 
  you 're selling yourselves to satan here . 
  you can lick russia 's ass until your mouth is full of shit but it wo n't bring back kosovo . 
  stalin is the right reference here . 
  hitler wanted to make more `` lebensraum '' for the germans . 
  he did not succeed but stalin did it for the russians . 
  stalin played out what hitler and the nazis wanted to do with their `` lebensraum '' aims . 
  do you know why there are so many russians on the crimean peninsula ? 
  because stalin got them `` lebensraum '' there . 
  stalin deported the crimean tatars , armenians , bulgarians , and greeks which was a full blown ethnic cleansing and a forgotten genocide through starvation , mass murder , and deportation . 
  i wonder on which side the romanians and bulgarians are . 
  this means i have to march around with the nazi salute and call everyone hitler !, 
  this is a massive cliche in germany . 
  foreigner doing something stupid , police officer with poor english skills tries to talk to him , foreigner goes into dramatic `` you 're all nazis '' mode of stupidity . 
  nationalists at both sides pick up the pitchforks . 
  on one side you have morons who think it 's okay to offend germans with nazis `` because their language sounds funny '' or their police officers/border police exercise the same form of authoritative persona as in any other country in the world ; and on the other side you have germans who will do all they can to pretend like they have no idea why something like this is happening . 
  to the morons - you deserve to be taken into custody and fined . 
  to the germans , it 's clearly not your direct fault but it also was n't that long ago for you to expect this to never happen . 
  just try to communicate to people and explain the misapprehension before everything escalates . 
  it is illegal in germany to some extent . 
  especially if you use it in a way which will allow them to present themselves as victims e.g. 
  some arrogant diplomat bringing up wwii because his vodka soaked brain is obsessed with pathetic inferiority complex upon hearing german . 
  the weather report on that site says -43 c right now . 
  it 's the big irony about asking about arrogance . 
  the [ bacteria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lactobacillus_delbrueckii_subsp._bulgaricus#history ) in yogurt is named after bulgaria . 
  * tears of pride *, 
  romania gets nothing . 
  yes . 
  are you people blind or biased ? 
  right behind them are other cops with guns not pointed at them . 
  if those two were rioters the other cops would be hiding or firing . 
  so they are trying to get to the top level of the movement and murder them all ? 
  it 's always been like that and always will be . 
  the illusion of a pacifistic freedom movement was created by those who fear for they power not those who fear society would destroy itself . 
  that 's true but it 's also true that bulgarians are the only people who watch bulgarian movies . 
  by the way the bulgarian movie is on [ youtube ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7shz7i9yegs ) but unfortunately the english subtitels are not in sync . 
  hotel mama : saving the establishment 's ass . 
  albanians are n't being officially accounted for . 
  this whole `` bad migration '' thing works both ways . 
  bulgaria is quickly becoming an emigration country and it is new to us . 
  nobody seems to be able to handle it . 
  now everybody is talking about us like we 're the biggest european trash . 
  we actually always thought of ourselves like a mid-range trash . 
  a 13 century history has been reduced to `` europe 's mexicans '' . 
  people do n't even realize we 're not all `` gypsies '' . 
  in the last 20 years bulgaria ( which was at 9 million in 1989 and is now at 7,3 million people ) has been very seriously brain-drained and with laughable wages 8-14 times lower than in western europe it 's going to continue . 
  bulgaria 's biggest problem is the lack of good labor . 
  it cripples the economy and good investment . 
  because most institutions are ruined by the transition from soviet socialism most talent just leaves .
