[ how about russia ? 
  ] ( http://www.studyabroad.com/programs/central+asia,russia/default.aspx ) i 've never heard this stereotype where americans do n't want to go to eastern europe . 
  i must not have any taste because i think those building look great . 
  of course , i 'm surrounded by building like [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/14/south_building_and_hotel_-_lenfant_plaza_-_washington_dc.jpg ) . 
  our city politicians need more money for corruption !, 
  i just thought this was interesting being a leftover of the anschluss and what happened with the embassy . 
  more of a history lesson post . 
  the other american poster tried to express ( uncouthly ) that most americans are isolationists contrary to our foreign policy . 
  it is a feeling that we would prefer not to put our soldiers in harms way , but other countries are not willing or not able to force project as the us is able . 
  examples being serbia and most recently libya . 
  if germany or any other nation requests that an american base be removed it would be respected . 
  i ca n't find a full list , but us withdrew from the philippines and thailand at the governments request . 
  it will probably withdraw from kyrgyzstan in the future as well . 
  regarding defence spending , most nato members are not spending the 2 % required . 
  germany currently is at 1.4 % . 
  we all know that the us is way off the scale in military spending . 
  let 's face the facts though , we are part of an alliance and our militaries cooperate very directly . 
  ramstein is not to my knowledge a sore spot in germany . 
  both countries and continents benefit from the base . 
  you may not be aware , but germany also has air units in the united states , although not a permanent base as the us does in germany . 
  several other countries train within the united states as well . 
  as for koenigsburg , your going to have to let that one go . 
  btw , my family emigrated from koenigsburg to america in 1800 's . 
  i also lament the destruction of that city . 
   the new borders after world war ii were never accepted by a legal polish government actually both ukraine and poland did renounce claims on each other . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland%e2%80%93ukraine_relations#cite_note-6 ) is the wiki and the important part is  on october 13 , 1990 poland and ukraine agreed to the `` declaration on the foundations and general directions in the development of polish-ukrainian relations '' . 
  article 3 of this declaration said that neither country has any territorial claims against the other , and will not bring any in the future . 
  both countries promised to respect the rights of national minorities on their territories and to improve the situation of minorities in their countries . 
  this declaration re-affirmed the historic and ethnic ties between poland and ukraine , containing a reference to `` the ethnic and cultural kinship of the polish and ukrainian peoples '' . 
  and was n't east germany touted as the showcase of the communist bloc ? 
  a lot of development was put in there to show the west how great communism was . 
  really telling if that portion of germany is struggling to modernize , how much work needs to be done in ukraine . 
  plus i do n't think he 'll have enough monarch points core everything at once . 
  they have been protesting off and on , but the police did not force them to stop and did not use violence against the protesters . 
  so why are they getting violent and taking over buildings when they have been allowed to voice their opinion peacefully ? 
  you skipped a major step between a peaceful protest on maidan and the issuance of the [ anti-protest law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-protest_laws_in_ukraine ) that made the protests turn violent . 
  the pro-russian protesters are going for a full coup from the start . 
   sure , but in order for that to happen the government needs to subvert the constitution in order to ensure the opposition is not able to contest the next election . 
  did this happen in ukraine ? 
  the party of regions ammended the constitution in 2010 that significantly increased the power of the president . 
  judges that were against the ammendment mysteriously decided to step down when before a decision was made on its constitutionality . 
   that would only work if a country does n't have secret ballots during election . 
  otherwise , people in power have no means of verifying if voters are voting `` correctly '' . 
  did ukraine not have secret ballots ? 
  they do have secret ballots , but you can not underestimate the power of an employer not only telling you how to vote , but also having the entire power structure influence you in the same way . 
  in a corrupt society , nothing is secret . 
  if you have a family and only want to keep your head down , you are most likely to vote the safest way because you probably do n't even consider your vote to be of any consequence in the first place . 
   that would only work if a country does n't have secret ballots during election . 
  otherwise , people in power have no means of verifying if voters are voting `` correctly '' . 
  did ukraine not have secret ballots ? 
  i think yanukovitch was on the path to dictatorship , which was cemented in the passage of the draconian anti-protest laws . 
  i ca n't say i lived under a dictatorship so i ca n't empathize completely with your situation . 
  i did live in ukraine for a number of years and saw the pressure to vote first hand . 
  civic society has made great strides in last few years , but it is no where near as developed for people to vote strictly according to their political beliefs and to question all authority figures . 
  some of this will disappate when the generation that grew up in soviet times passes away . 
  we 've already seen the children them stand up in 2004 and again 2013 . 
  there have been other dictatorships that were brought into power via democratic elections . 
  they then use the system to make the opposition powerless . 
  in ukraine 's case , more power was invested to the president that gave him power to put his people as the governors of the regions . 
  thsi spills down to the local level , including school superintendents . 
  this gigantic pyramid scheme influences elections where employees are `` encouraged '' to vote a certain way . 
  what a great article . 
  it so convinient for the media to say `` this half of the country believes that because they are this ethnicity or they speak that language '' . 
  there are so many blurry lines in present day ukraine that make it a much more pluralistic society than is reported . 
  for the most accurate gage on how ukrainians are thinking , it is probably more benificial to look in the middle , where ethnic lines are less pronounced and [ surzhik ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/surzhyk ) ( mixture of russian and ukrainian , basiclly butchering both languages ) is spoken . 
  those will be the voices of reason in this mess . 
   he choose the russians and a pro-eu protest from people who never voted for him happened . 
  later on he signs a deal to allow opposition members into his government , hand over power to the parliament and have early elections . 
  you completely left out the part where the parliament issued laws making the protests illegal , taking away the citizens right to peaceful protest . 
  that 's when it started to turn violent and made it clear yanukovitch was a dictator . 
  i would rather have very rare splash on an american toilet than sit on a european toilet with a shit shelf . 
  makes it hard to enjoy a good read with fresh turd fumes wafting up . 
  i 've been reading this whole thread waiting for your russian chauvanism to shine so thank you for this post . 
  you are confusing russian language with ethnic russians . 
  only in crimea is there a majority ethnic russian population , the rest of the country is overwhelmingly ukrainian . 
  you are probably thinking that ukrainians and russians are the same ethnically , but this is how they identified them in the census . 
  russia 's russification efforts in ukraine were pretty successful . 
  most of the entire ukrainian population that was in russia 's borders for centuries now ceases to exist . 
  tack on mass deportations and an avoidable famine and you have created a culture that is at war with itself . 
  by the way , there were nazi units composed of russians that fought the soviets as well . 
  do n't be so quick to point the finger when you have the poa as part of your history as well . 
  or the `` liberation '' of galicia . 
  ukrainians fought the soviets into the 1950s . 
  there are n't any pictures of people on the belorussian ruble . 
  it is mostly animals with the higher ones of buildings . 
  whenever i think of belarus i always think of european squirrels and their big fluffy ears . 
  i agree that they paid a lower price , but the timing of the price hike proves my point . 
  it was only after the orange revolution and ukraine cozying up to nato that russia decided increase the price from $ 50 per 1,000 cubic meters to $ 160 even though the agreement was supposed to last until 2009 . 
  sure russia wanted market price , but there is no arguing the timing of the increase was political and a means to punish yushchenko . 
  ukraine just did n't decide to steal . 
  russia jacked up the price after the orange revolution and ukrainians were starting to freeze . 
  russia absolutely uses its gas as a diplomatic weapon . 
  settle down chief , just asked a question . 
  but since you are getting all touchy , why are you riding my ass about missing one question ? 
  ok , i 'll try that as well . 
  have you tried the states of usa ? 
  i am sorry i only got a 98 % sir , i will try harder next time . 
  i like geography . 
  i also play games like europa universalis and victoria ii . 
  44/45 - mixed up montenegro and bosnia .
