  not a huge one , if the country could deal well with 740k unemployed people . 
  sweden has a popoulation of 9.5 million and an unemployment rate of 7.8 % ( as per google ) . 
  so there were already at minimum 740.000 swedes being supported by the state . 
  i doubt that 20 % more will be an unsurmountably burden . 
  he was still sentenced for handling stolen goods because he had the victim 's cellphone , so i suspect that that was the only provable connection . 
  he claims to have bought it from an acquaintance , which may well be true . 
  except we did : http://m.tagesspiegel.de/berlin/nach-terror-in-jerusalem-israel-flagge-strahlt-am-brandenburger-tor/19230254.html, 
  well , you keep telling yourself that if it makes you happy . 
  you 're obviously talking about yourself . 
  one has to be really enormously fucking deluded to think that the uk will get any kind of advantage from this . 
  the whole world is laughing about you . 
   it looks like this post is celebrating uk leaving europe . 
  not really . 
  it 's making fun of the pro-brexit people 's belief that `` being free '' of the eu will benefit them . 
  sorry , but the one scoring a straight 10 on the delusion scale here is you . 
  your refusal to consider history is a poor excuse on your part to ignore reality invalidating your claim . 
   islam is the main factor in terrorism except no , it is n't . 
  the uk knows that better than any other country in europe . 
  because he promises to make turkey great again . 
  that 's basically it : `` i strong , make country strong , help me and you also be strong ! '', 
  i think tourism is pretty big in namibia , and nobody tourists more than the germans . 
  can confirm , work for the german branch of a swiss it company that has recently opened an office in serbia and hires software developers ; i 'm working together with 2 of them in my project , and german knowledge would definitely be an advantage for them , even more so for their managers . 
  what 's your fucking point ? 
  do you even know ? 
  mine is that while fire protection laws are a good thing , it is ridiculous to imply that the dangers are the same with an event location in a forest and indoors . 
  not having dedicated fire guard access paths on a camping ground will not lead to dozens of dead people when and if there is a fire . 
  the last forest fire with fatalities in germany which i could find was in 1975 , and people did not die because of a lack of emergency access paths . 
  in a forest ? 
  it 's very much part of the carnival parade tradition that the wagons have political content . 
  be equally worried about inaccuracies in press reporting and `` real '' documentaries . 
  it 's quite hard not to make mistakes when writing/talking about something you 're not an expert in yourself , where you 're piecing together information from multiple sources whose accuracy you can not fully judge . 
  overall it was still a really good video . 
  had . 
  one . 
  bears ? 
  only in zoos . 
  also : \\* mehrdeutig \\* wirtschaftswunder \\* backpfeifengesicht and it was never illegal to own `` mein kampf '' he also forgot to mention that germans love to correct people . 
  trump is not just post-factual but also post-parodical . 
   people in general  us uh huh . 
  tell me , does being so dumb come natural to you , or does it take special effort ? 
  and that is how a filter bubble looks like ... 
  which in turn does not change the fact that there would be far fewer illegal gun owners if guns were n't so easy to obtain legally . 
  and have you done some research how many of the `` not legally owned '' guns were produced and originally sold legally ? 
   if they leave a safe country like turkey , then they are n't refugees . 
  yes , of course they are , especially when that `` safe country '' does not in fact provide them with humane conditions for living . 
   beyond this , i must admit this term does n't make much sense outside the post world war ii history that is a bullshit rationalization for not wanting to support a good cause as soon as it actually causes you any inconvenience . 
   that was what the refugee convention were written for , not people who are in a dire situation 1000 km away . 
  that is * exactly * what the refugee convention was written for . 
   the mere fact that there are an estimated 65 million `` refugees '' in the world should hopefully lead to some reflection . 
  indeed it should , namely on the fact that the problems of europeans in 1945 were not in fact unique at all . 
  how exactly do you determine who is a `` true refugee '' when you have 5,000 people camped at your border * right now * , in danger of starvation and epidemics , and several thousand more arriving every day ? 
  that is not a need but a lesson we find quite useful and indeed liberating . 
  dispensing with all that `` my country is better than your country '' nonsense makes your view much clearer on what really matters , and do n't get me started on the benefits of having pride in your own actual achievements rather than an accident of birth ... 
   the german nation has been so paralyzed by the actions of the third reich that it cripples any discussion that is remotely nazi-like . 
  hence why most of germany was so pro-immigration no matter the cost . 
   at the very least you have to admit that germans still need to get over ww2 . 
  i have to do no such thing . 
  we have gotten over ww2 quite well and it has left us a better , stronger nation . 
  more specifically , it is from a comedy skit by gerhard polt . 
  and it makes complete sense , because to the stereotypical chauvinistic bavarian , the important part of `` prei\u00df '' is that it 's someone * not from bavaria * . 
  where they actually come from does not really matter . 
  but then nobody could claim `` made in germany '' either !, 
  no , i think we can live with the guilt better than without that . 
   being an ausl\u00e4nder is generally viewed more favorably than being a sauprei\u00df there 's a difference ? 
  news to me . 
  or in the words of st. gerhard : `` sauprei\u00df , japanischer ! '', 
   seems like quite the double standard and pretty hypocritical given how in favor of censorship they are when it comes to things they do not like . 
  the point is that it 's not about `` likes '' . 
  these are very different things . 
  publically dehumanizing groups of people is a serious real threat and has been repeatedly an ouverture to massacres and genocide . 
  seeing a nipple has never hurt anyone . 
  i suppose for simple minds like yours it is . 
  your ignorance is breathtaking . 
  google `` enlightenment '' . 
  rotation from the grave of the great person whose memory you defile by taking his name in such ignorance intensifies . 
  the shame is entitled ignorant idiots like you defiling everything that actually makes europe great . 
  if that 's what you want , you have to imprison everyone . 
  not really . 
  of all the asylum application which were * decided * ( which means a relatively thorough background investigation ) in germany in 2016 , almost two thirds are from syria , iraq and afghanistan . 
  you could say exactly the same about alt right subreddits . 
  no , we 're quite happy with our leader , and loking at the `` replacements '' other nations got ... nope . 
  the deluded one is you , because that 's counterfactual xenophobic bullshit . 
  well , username checks out , i guess . 
  additionally , the parents most likely * wanted * to bring this to court to make a political point . 
  if they really only wanted her not to be in the swimming lessons , she 'd just feel `` unwell '' every time . 
  not sure what you 're trying to say ; you seem confused . 
  inasmuch as publicity stunts are fake . 
  namely , get a lot of attention from the press and easily triggered idiots ? 
  yes . 
  it 's part of living in a free society . 
  if you 're sarcastic about that i guess you hate freedom . 
  and yes , i am 100 % serious here . 
   ya never mind , their preacher , sven lau send people to fight for islamic state - but no law was broken . 
  except he is currently in prison and undergoing trial for that . 
  because , you know , people doing completely different questionable things at different times will typically result in completely separate trials . 
   why is there not a law , preventing people from walking around and enforcing their beliefs on others ? 
  sometimes even through force there is of course a law against that , but that is not what these people were doing . 
   pretty much says everything about marriage under sharia ... or under the bible , which contains the same law . 
  while belgium is ranked 16th ? 
  yes , you have a point too .
