  i have the feeling that you have no idea whatsoever what `` barely able to survive '' means . 
  learn to read , idiot . 
  i said nothing about letting them go unpunished , only that not allowing them to graduate is a stupid punishment because even if you put them in prison , you 'll have to let them out eventually . 
  learn to read . 
  i said nothing about letting them go unpunished , only that not allowing them to graduate is a stupid punishment . 
   those six boys should 've never been allowed to graduate . 
  so you want them to become career criminals ? 
  cool , i 'm sure that will protect girls from getting raped !, 
   that case you are talking about was a 13 year old girl having sex with two men in their 20s . 
  that 's statutory rape . 
  yes , but that had happened considerably before she disappeared for 30 hours and claimed to have been abducted and raped , while actually staying with a german friend and his mother . 
  but russian media ran with that story and still have n't stopped crying coverup . 
  clearly , that girl has a lot of problems , and the * last * thing she needs is the attention of mass media with an agenda and internet tough guys , all of which `` care '' about her only as far as it gives them a reason them to hate brown people . 
   i 've seen varying estimates , starting as low as 3 million and i believe the highest was 8-13 million . 
  how can it possibly end up being 500k ? 
  then you 're reading a lot of bullshit sources . 
  500k may be low , but 3 million is already really high and 8 million just idiotic . 
  except the weather already got better in mid january . 
  this has been the warmest winter on record . 
  i really doubt it did much to keep the rate down . 
  my money 's on istockphoto . 
  because in a civil war , `` able bodied men '' are generally considered combatants by both sides , and will be drafted or shot for refusing , while women and children are generally safe as long as they manage to stay away from the actual fighting . 
  it 's not an argument but a simple true statement . 
  if you think there is anything wrong with that statement you need to have your head examined . 
  both from a humanist and a legal standpoint , persons can indeed not be illegal . 
  they can have committed a number of illegal acts , but that does not make them illegal as a person . 
  because some idiots give themselves a name right out of a comic book ? 
  what 's official about that ? 
  promising in regard to comedy value ? 
   i am referring to single-point fatal failures . 
  why ? 
  i was n't talking about those , and that was pretty clear in my first comment which mentioned failsafes . 
   for example the eschede train disaster was a single-point fatal failure . 
  no human error was involved ( as far as control or supervision goes ) nor did many failures accumulate . 
  that is very debatable . 
  the wheel design was known to be problematic , and even that individual wheel had been noticed as generating unusual vibrations weeks before ; inspection equipment was insufficient , and the disaster could even have been prevented at the last moment had a passenger who noticed the damage or the train manager whom he notified pulled the emergency brake right away . 
  same for random chance and unforeseen circumstances - and technology generally sucks at dealing with those . 
  yes - but that last 0.0001 % is a bitch to get under control . 
  and `` more technology '' is not necessarily the best answer . 
  individual technological failures * are * frequent - trains and switches break down in germany every day . 
  we do our best to add redundancy and failsafes to ensure that individual failures can not endanger lives , and we largely succeed in that . 
  the problem is that you can not foresee every possible failure mode , and when several things go wrong at the same time , all that preparation can turn out to be powerless to prevent a tragedy such as this . 
  even in 2016 , technology can and does fail . 
  frequently . 
  especially when there 's still humans in the loop , which you need in order to be able to react to unforeseeable events and problems . 
  you can build in failsafes as much as you want , if you have a train network tens of thousands of km long , with thousands of trains running every day , you 'll never be able to have 100 % protection against unfortunate circumstances . 
  especially if you want the whole thing to be economically viable . 
  definitely - but you 're not going to get that by starting with gdp and then doing adjustments . 
  it sounds like you think gdp per capita means something like personal income . 
  it does n't , and `` adjusting '' it for student loans , health insurance or taxes makes no sense whatsoever . 
  these are just very different things - which is exactly why the use of gdp as * the * primary economic indicator is often criticized . 
  slovenia : i drove through last summer , and it looked really nice . 
  czech republic : adam ondra is awesome !, 
   marxism means that the root cause of any problem is derived from oppression of the weak by the strong . 
  no , it does not mean that at all . 
  so please inform yourself before you spruting this ridiculous bullshit . 
  statement from munich police about this incident : https://www.facebook.com/polizeimuenchen/photos/a.552744488204637.1073741831.312075995604822/838037479675335 dsg ; dr : the police was not informed directly and learned about it from facebook . 
  within 24 hours of learning about it , they have identified three people from the video , who are 19 , 20 , and 23 year old afghans . 
  the exact sequence of events ( which would include what happened before the video starts ) is being investigated . 
  the police urges people to call 110 or use the emergency buttons in the subway trains in cases such as this . 
  refugee behaves badly -  `` they act like fucking animals , lacking basic humand decency , they 're totally different from us '' i behave badly -  `` i was tired , had a bad day , the other guy started it '' also a good deal of confirmation bias in `` seeing story after story , video after video '' when something as lame as op is considered important . 
   so dont vote right wing ever in your life again , tell everyone you know to never vote right wing ever again . 
  its a sick ideology . 
  ftfy, 
  only if you have a rabid hate boner against migrants and think everything that casts a bad light on them is the most important thing in the world , even if it 's just a bunch of people yelling and shoving at each other , something that happens hundreds of times around the world each day . 
  spotted the guy who just read `` atlas shrugged '' !, 
  there is * already * over 80 billion per year going to pensions * on top * of the social security contributions for current workers . 
  and the vast majority of pensioners can live reasonably well off them . 
  pensions are n't an immediate problem , but in the long run they will be difficult to maintain . 
  hundreds of thousands of people freezing and starving * is * an immediate problem . 
  for comparison : i pay nearly 1000 $ monthly rent for a 73 square meter apartment in a cheaper part of munich . 
  because this is laughable non-news ? 
  because the same fucking `` law and order '' politicians who love making more work for the police by adding responsibilities are at the same time busy moving funding elsewhere . 
  an important point : the sex with adult men happened some time * before * her disappeareance during which she falsely claimed to have been abducted and raped , and may have gotten injured ( if that was in fact the case ) . 
  there seem to be two separate things : she had sex with adult men which is being prosecuted as a crime , but that happened some time * before * she disappeared for 30 hours and claimed to have been gangraped . 
  during that time she was with the german friend , and given that he lives with his mother and the police explicitly says he 's not considered a suspect , no sex happened there . 
   these items appear once in a while but there is no massive press coverage like there would be if the situations were reversed in anyway . 
  get out of your xenophobic echo chamber and look at the real world . 
   a newspaper article press coverup , eh ? 
   so when the german press admits it covered up and under reported which `` the german press '' did n't . 
  a single major tv station apologized for underreporting . 
  there was no such thing as a coverup . 
   when police forces all over europe are forbidden to mention the ethnicity or nationality of criminals that 's a bizarre exaggeration . 
   you do n't think that 's a pattern ? 
  yes , the pattern is `` the real lie , a tool used by right-wingers to paint themselves as opressed heroes . '', 
  oh , please explain why it 's completely impossible for anyone from outside europe to be a normal , decent human being . 
  it 's not i who is naive , it is you who has no idea of the world outside your home and most likely you 're so sure that they must all be ingrateful assholes because that 's how * you * would act in their situation . 
  no , the problem with greece is that it 's too warm there to build a 700ft ice wall , even with magical enchantments . 
  heck , even in austria that will barely work in summer !, 
  i 'm 100 % sure you are wrong in many cases - hom many is of course the question . 
   because talking about distributing them while doing things like this , is pathetic . 
  you are n't doing a good job of distributing them . 
  you just ca n't admit being wrong , eh ? 
   it 's irrelevant whether there have been any reports of any problems or not . 
  these people wo n't integrate , it will become a secluded muslim neighbourhood , to where more and more muslims will migrate . 
  it 's an unused office building ( the only reason for the sensationalist ratio ) which was converted into an emergency shelter . 
  and people do not stay there permanently . 
  i knew that would be coming . 
  and you know what : that village is doing * just fine * 2 months later : http://www.bild.de/news/inland/fluechtlingskrise/sumte-das-dorf-mit-den-1000-fluechtlingen-43915416.bild.html - sorry , source in german . 
  because the international press was only interested when they could predict doom .
