  yet people still manage to do it . 
  except a lot of the shit is * extemely poisonous * and , once the outer shells have rusted away , can be carried aroundby the seawater . 
  well , after we had those chinese tourists doing the nazi salute in front of the reichstag , we kinda had to up our game . 
  you 've never looked into the history of buddhism , have you ? 
  hint : you have no idea at all what the eu is . 
  most of the bible is like that as well . 
  sorry , but the only thing that is bonkers here is you . 
  what kind of weak-ass shit country ca n't take in 10,000 people ? 
  that 's a drop in a bucket . 
  most third world countries can take in that many people without even noticing . 
  the problem is : legally owned guns can be stolen , or resold illegally . 
  a legal market creates opportunities of the illegal one . 
  the problem is that in current day russia , pretty much any statement that criticizes or even just contradicts orthodox christianity in any way can be an `` insult '' , see http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/apr/4/vladimir-putin-patriarch-kirill-alliance-puts-athe/, 
  how much of that is because of changing beliefs vs. calling yourself an atheist being bad for your career and safety nowadays ? 
  decreases for some , increases for others , stays the same for others yet . 
  so according to your definition , heterosexual sex is unnatural when performed by humans ? 
  well , i have read a gay person 's review of the wonder woman movie whose content was basically `` at least they did n't show any hetero sex or kissing , but they really should have left out the hetero romance altogether ! '', 
  the pea brain here is you , because you completely failed to understand the ( fairly obvious ) point . 
  the point is that `` natural '' is not a moral category . 
  whether something is natural and whether it is good are two completely unrelated things . 
  rape , cannibalims and murder are condemend and punished because they harm people . 
  gay sex does not harm anyone . 
  the official investigation said pilot error , the pilots ( who ejected and survived ) said their flight map was wrong . 
  the truth is probably both : the pilots made errors that led to the crash , but there never should have been a maneuver planned that has planes flying directly over or towards the spectators . 
  there is no such thing as a `` white race '', 
  correct . 
  made a * huge * amount if progress though , to the point that there 's now a realistic plan to finish it in less than 10 years . 
  read that article again and this time try to understand it , maybe look up the words in a dictionary . 
  you still sound borderline illiterate . 
  learn how to form complete sentences and use interprunction , for chrissakes !, 
  then you have a very limited imagination and/or a very short attention span . 
  i mean sure , it would be very bloody , but also bloody quick . 
  i think it was n't before this because it 's the first time an organization actually went along with it . 
  oh , i thought you were playing off the fact that there is no swiss language . 
  that 's because it is . 
  these areas are given * extra attention * from social services and police . 
  that is pretty much the literal opposite of a `` no go zone '' . 
  not entirely true . 
  public schools generally do n't , but some private schools have uniforms , and iirc there 's even a publich school where the students voted to have a uniform . 
  it 's also a perennial favourite topic for essays or discussions among lazy teachers of german or foreign languages . 
  seems like the crying and having problems with the truth here is mainly you . 
  it * is * per capita . 
  um ... this graph * is * per capita . 
  sorry , i got my nordics mixed up . 
  it 's the plural of the swedish currency . 
  well , at least you did n't piss it all away on completely pointless luxuries like nauru . 
  the norwegian krone 's exchange rate to the euro rose by 0.2 % , one of many such up - and down movements that happen all the time . 
  looks like you 're the triggered one here . 
  oh , so that bullshit was n't even your own idea ? 
  doese n't make it any less of a pathetic attempt to string together words with no regard for their meaning . 
    it exists , and has existed for many other reasons . 
   yes . 
  the main one is procreation . 
  so you admit there are other reasons ? 
  then what about heterosexual people who marry for those other reasons ? 
   yes . 
  does n't mean we always should . 
  but we should when it is very important for some people and does absolutely not harm whatsoever . 
   i said that by definition a man and a woman can always procreate . 
  by definition . 
  so your definition is wrong , because that is clearly not the case . 
   infertility is not understood by definition . 
  it is an exception . 
  you keep using that word `` definition '' . 
  it does not mean what you think it means . 
  please use a dictionary to find out what it means . 
   a worm in an apple is not , by definition , an apple . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  are you drunk ? 
   marriage is central to procreation . 
  it is not , by any stretch of imagination . 
  people procreate just fine without marriage . 
  people procreated for many millenia before anyone invented marriage . 
   procreation is only available to heterosexual couples . 
  incorrect . 
   by giving marriage to non-heterosexual couples , we are nullifying the last atoms of meaning and importance left in the institution of marriage . 
  that is just completely idiotic and pathetic bullshit which makes no sense whatsoever to any sane person . 
  in fact , the exact opposite is true : withholding the right to marry from people who love each other for this reason only proves that the people who want to withhold have no respect or understanding whatsoever for the meaning of the institution . 
   if there is same sex marriage , it either hinders procreation how exactly ? 
   or makes no impact at all . 
  bingo , there you have it !, 
   making a gamble like that for a symbolic gesture is an incredibly vapid thing to do . 
  it is not a gamble , it is a sensible thing that benefits many people and harms nobody . 
  opposing it is the vapid thing to do . 
   the free-market free democrats ( fdp ) * gigglesnort *, 
  are you gon na drive it ? 
   marriage , from a societal viewpoint , began and continuted to exist only to control , regulate and preserve the obligations and responsibilities of procreation - by definition . 
  it exists , and has existed for many other reasons . 
  definitions are ours to change . 
  and by that stupid logic , infertile people should not be allowed to marry and all marriages where the woman has gone through menopause and any existing children are adults , should be dissolved . 
  also : adoption . 
   instead of encouraging people to procreate , even symbolically , we do the opposite . 
  please explain how exactly are we doing the opposite ? 
  dumb straw men . 
  btw , germany actually has completely gender-neutral paid parental leave . 
   the difference is that the word `` maternity '' by definition excludes men . 
  then call it `` parental leave '' . 
  we actually have that in germany , completely gender-neutral . 
  as per [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_lingua_francas#french )  french was the language of diplomacy from the 17th century until the mid-20th century , and is still a working language of some international institutions . 
  [ ... ] french is still seen on documents ranging from passports to airmail letters .
