  see , up here in the north , we think that learning more is always a good thing , and understanding people better helps preventing wars with them . 
  no , it does n't . 
  exactly the same thing would have happend for any other trip or school day if the parents had explictly stated that they made their son stay at home because the do n't agree with the curriculum - that is * exactly * the case the fine is intended to cover , and has been applied just the same to religious parents ( muslims and christians ) who do n't want their kids to participate in mixed-sex swimming lessons . 
   why would you make a school trip to currently functioning religious building ? 
  because religion is part of culture , and learning about various cultures is part of some subjects taught in school ( geography in this case ) . 
   and fining somebody for making a child miss one day in school is not normal . 
  should n't be , at least . 
  why not ? 
   more than half of those points are allegations and have n't been proven , so ... like * all * of the stuff that 's drummed up against clinton . 
   this does n't compare to clinton . 
  it compares , all right . 
  very favorably for clinton . 
  trump is a terminally corrupt self-serving pathological liar . 
  clinton is someone trying to do a good job in a difficult environment and sometimes makes mistakes . 
   did you conveniently forget that she deleted tens of thousands of emails ( fbi says mishandled , which is still a crime , yet she was n't convicted ) she was investigated multiple times and cleared of everything . 
  well , that 's certainly one thing trump would change . 
  he 'd have * tremendous * corruption , like , the * best * corruption * ever * , the number one corruption of all time !, 
  after looking at trump , that possibility is zero . 
  except that 's not how it works in reality . 
  no , i 'm implying a suspended sentence is different than no sentence . 
   and you think a suspended sentence is okay for such a crime ? 
  i think the concept is flawed when it comes to teenagers , and shorter , non-suspended jail sentences would be more effective . 
   if i was the one pulling the strings , i would have such people executed in public it 's a good thing you 're not the one pulling the strings then . 
   i would n't give a shit if they were 14 or 84 , if you take part in a gang rape of a 14 year old you are a worthless pile of shit that needs to be scraped off of this planet . 
  yeah , who cares about commensurability , society as a whole or what actually helps victims and reduces the ocurrence of such crimes ? 
  the only thing that 's important is that * your * offended sense of justice and thirst for revenge are satisfied !, 
  `` walk free '' in this case means `` suspended sentence '' , i.e. 
  any further severe crime will trigger the full sentence . 
  law theory considers a suspended prison sentence to be much more severe than a fine or other non-jail sentences . 
  with impulsive little shits like this , that view is obviously a case of harmful ivory tower thinking . 
   there is literally no punishment at all . 
  no * immediate * punishment , but a suspended jail sentence is almost as much punishment as a non-suspended one , in the conceptual thinking of law professionals . 
  which is probably a rather harmful piece of ivory tower thinking . 
   the identities of rapists , murderers , etc. 
  should be made public to protect the public from them . 
  no , they should n't . 
  in the thinking of the justice system , a suspended jail sentence is very emphatically a quite severe sentence , much worse than a fine or social service . 
  there is somewhat of a disconnect between this view and that of a short-sighted 14 year old idiot . 
  i think you underestimate the intelligence and decency of the average person , at least the average german person . 
  that is not why no woman is attracted to you . 
  it 's because you 're fat , awkward and unable to hide your whiny resentment towards them . 
  how does this whiny , factually incorrect redpill bullshit get upvotes ? 
  yeah , that 's bullshit . 
  unless a group of black people hanging out in the town square to use the free wifi is a `` rapid deterioration of living quality '' to you . 
  which would say more about you than anything else . 
  username checks out . 
  also please stop lying . 
  this is not good advice at all . 
  it 's much better to have more layers so you can take off only as much as you need . 
  a shirt and a heavy winter coat are in most cases far less practical than a shirt , two thin sweaters and a less heavy jacket . 
  scandinavian nature in winter tends to be uniformly white , though . 
  and my daughter wants a pony . 
  moving them is notoriously hard . 
  but you 're welcome to visit . 
  just scroll down ... 
   you are mincing words . 
  i am not . 
   there is no philosophical difference between including the word `` sensible '' in the language of the law , vs. making a `` sensible '' decision about which criteria to use in the law . 
  there very much is . 
   the only practical difference is that in the first case , judges have more discretion . 
  that is a * huge * difference . 
  that 's exactly the reason to have laws in the first place . 
   in both cases the definitions are based on what the society believes to be `` sensible '' at the time , and both are subject to expansion as the list of opinions deprecated by `` sensible '' people expands . 
  the same as every law , including constitutions . 
  you completely miss the point . 
  it 's the hate speech laws themselves that can and should be sensible , that has nothing to do with `` sensible '' being a criterium in those laws ( which , i agree , it ca n't be ) . 
  this kind of bullshit is an insult to the victims of * actual * oppressive and authoritarian regimes . 
  sensible hate speech laws are what * protects * free speech . 
  it 's not just germany where it works just fine , and has for decades . 
  except i just proved that to be nonsense . 
  none of them would be considered hate speech under the german criminal code , then or now . 
  if `` hate speech '' were clearly defined , then the definition would n't change radically in a span of 20 years . 
  the definition in the criminal law of germany has n't substantially changed since 1960 . 
   it 's nothing more than political correctness enforced by law . 
  that counts as `` doing business in germany '' . 
  except the `` slippery slope '' argument is bullshit ; hate speech can be and is very clearly defined , and banning it makes for a better , safer and actually freer life for everyone . 
  not yet , but many of their users and advertising customers are . 
   if saudis are close allies then 9/11 was an inside job after all . 
  only if you believe that countries are monolithic hive minds rather than loose collections of individuals , each single one of which has their own agenda . 
  assuming that you can actually tell who will win a medal in advance with complete accuracy . 
  which you ca n't in most cases , otherwise the whole competition would be pointless . 
  a diverse ecosystem is much more stable and resilent to disturbances . 
  upset ecosystems lead to famine and war . 
  additionally , a * lot * of drug research is based on analyzing exotic plants and animals . 
  the kids get immunity for the same reason , because otherwise prosecution against them could be used to coerce the parents . 
  there is quite some variety in the severity of fgm . 
  interestingly , the statistics i looked at only have a broad category `` some flesh removed '' that covers both the removal of the clitoral hood ( which is equivalent to male circumcision ) and full amputation of the clitoris and labia ( which would be what you describe ) . 
  it seems to be very hard to get more precise data . 
  well , it * was * introduced in the usa with the stated goal of reducing the horrible evil of masturbation ... 
  because you want to eat it ? 
  presumably he 's been circumcised long ago . 
  you 're pathetic . 
   it makes sense that a second generation iranian would become a german nationalist and murder people , even though these kind of attacks have n't taken place by german nationalists for at least a decade . 
  except they have , lots of times , though i 'm sure you can redefine `` these kinds of attacks '' until it fits your racist narrative . 
   much more reasonable to assume that even though most of these attacks are directly related to the me , yeah , most of `` these '' attacks , where `` these '' means the attacks you 're willing to talk about because they fit the pattern you want to see and some that do n't but you 'll just ignore reality until they do . 
   we should assume that a second generation iranian was fully integrated , because he changed his name , and spoke german . 
  this attack was absolutely from somebody who was integrated into german society , yes , that is indeed what any sensible , intelligent person would conclude : that the environment someone spent his whole life in influences their actions much more than where their parents were born , especially when there is numerous very clear evidence for it . 
  but of course you have amply proven that you are neither sensible nor intelligent . 
   even though germans have n't been doing this shit , in this way , for decades . 
  they have , except for that `` in this way '' weaselly bullshit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/todesopfer_rechtsextremer_gewalt_in_deutschland#ab_1999  calling me racist does n't change the facts .
