   so why do n't the refugees go into safe areas in africa ? 
  surely it 's more affordable than a smuggler 's boat and those people only want to escape death , right ? 
  which exactly are those `` safe areas '' ? 
  which african states will not send them right back to their own country , or prosecute them just as much ? 
  besides , note that the comment i was originally replying to specifically mentioned asylum seekers , so that 's what i talked about . 
   africa 's real problems are poverty , hunger , disease , lack of education and infrastructure and ethnic tensions . 
  not some imaginary torture and persecution . 
  `` imaginary '' ? 
  ok , i guess we can stop discussion here , given that you have not the remotest idea of what happens in the real world . 
   why is it italy or europe letting them drown ? 
  because they have the means to prevent it and choose not to . 
  that 's kinda the dictionary definition of `` letting something happen '' . 
   why not africa letting them drown , or even causing them to drown by forcing them to flee their homes ? 
  this is not about assigning blame - and who says there must be a single party responsible ? 
   be honest with yourself and admit why italy ca n't handle them all . 
  the truth is it 's because they cause problems that certain people refuse to admit until they are forced to face up to it . 
  the solution then is not to force those problems onto others so `` progressives '' can continue to pretend they do n't exist . 
  i honestly have no idea what you 're trying to say here . 
  it sounds like it 's you who has problems admitting something , i 'm just not sure what it is . 
   asylum/immigration is n't an all or nothing problem . 
  you 're suggesting wanting to limit asylum is akin to wanting zero asylum , by that logic the alternative position would be to demand unlimited asylum and use all the resources of europe to help africa until we 're no longer wealthier than africa . 
  um , you 're completely messing up things here . 
  there is no `` asylum/immigration '' . 
  these are different things . 
  political asylum is the concept to allow immigration specifically for people who are being prosecuted because of their race , religion , ethnicity , etc. 
  only a small part of immigration happens through asylum laws , specifically in 2013 there were only 434,000 applicants for political asylum in the entire eu ( which is 0,08 % of the population ) , and only 34,5 % of those were granted . 
  ah , yes . 
  `` because the problem is too big , let 's not try to solve it even a little , or partially '' ? 
  fortunately , even in africa * most * people are not in immediate danger of being tortured or murdered because of their religition , ethnicity or political conviction . 
  and asylum laws only apply to those who actually make it to a recipient country . 
  they exist to handle cases you * can not simply ignore * because the people are already at your doorstep . 
  there are certainly moral arguments for trying to alleviate the suffering of those who have no hope of ever even reaching europe , and those are being adressed by other efforts . 
  absolutely . 
  but they were just passing through ... 
  because italy ca n't handle them all and if they start letting people drown or sending back legitimate asylum seekers while germany looks on , it very much violates the spirit of why political asylum laws were created in the first place . 
  i mean , if you want to say `` fuck asylum , i do n't want my tax euros to protect africans from getting tortured and murdered '' , ok , but at least be honest about it and argue for political asylum to be outright abolished rather than pretend you just want rules to be followed . 
  wo n't make a difference if illegal work ( note : illegal as in not paying taxes , not necessarily the work itself ) has them living better in germany than whatever treatment refugees get in hungary . 
  to be fair , they 're also a favourite hate object of conservatives who love to take statements from them out of context and cook up a scandal . 
  because `` divide and conquer '' was never deliberately used as a tactic by anyone ? 
   it 's not just ` not universally accepted , ' it is simply made up . 
  it 's an abstract concept so yes , * of course * it is made up . 
  it also describes aspects of social reality and makes a lot of sense . 
  that some people misuse it ( or take statements out of context ) does n't invalidate the concept . 
   it also presumes that people can be divided along color lines into those who have power and those who do n't , and that 's dumb . 
  it 's not dumb when in the past existed * laws * which did exactly that . 
  th actual academic theory is complex and adresses such questions in detail . 
  a rational , fruitful discussion can be had about it , as long as you argue in good faith and are n't just looking for the minimum argument you need to conclude that `` it 's dumb !, 
   imagine `` safe spaces '' created by whites and all the howling it would cause from the media . 
  because forcing segregation ( or anything ) on people is the same thing as them volountarily doing it ? 
  it 's almost as if there were an academic theory including that definition written down and being taught to people interested in such matters , some of which proceed to dogmatically overapply it ... 
  what would those organisations be replaced with ? 
  how would small artists get royalties at all ? 
   this is the perfect example of a state condoned monopoly note though that there are good reasons for which you 'd * want * a monopoly in this case , because as annoying as the gema can be , having to contract with 20 different competing ip owners so you can play the songs you want at your community festival would be * a whole lot worse * . 
  at least with the gema there are simply rules for how much you have to pay and once you 've done so , you know you 're good . 
  and you seem to really want to believe that politicians are always dishonest , and not really interested in any alternative explanations that may even fit the facts better . 
  actually getting that $ 140 ticket requires you to first win the lottery though ( literally ) . 
  also membership fees - they 're the second largest club in the world . 
  i know two toddlers who are paying members of bayern m\u00fcnchen to increase their fathers ' chances in the ticket lottery . 
  fun fact : the audience for that speech was hand picked and `` seeded '' with party members who had been specifically instructed to cheer at the right times . 
   again the issue is that the device will have to be ready to send the information before the electrical system shuts down , or the device gets damaged in the crash . 
  technically solvable problems ( and the solutions would be useful whether the device is always connected or not ) . 
  what are you even trying to argue ? 
  that we need maxium surveillance to save lives ? 
  that people who want surveillance can make up reasons ? 
   that 's what they said about onstar too . 
  first time i 've heard anyone claim that data protection means jack shit in the usa ... 
   a few seconds that you may not have in an accident . 
  so cell phone technology does work that way , after all . 
  and this is an argument that somone wanting more surveillance * could * make , but not a very convincing one . 
  emergency response times are on the order of 15 minutes , a few seconds are not going to make a difference in a significant number of cases . 
   this thing will be on and recording information at all times . 
  nope , not gon na happen . 
  data protection is taken somewhat seriously in the eu . 
  um yes , it does . 
  know what the `` airplane mode '' on your phone does ? 
  switch off the wifi and cell network connections . 
  in that mode , the phone sends out nothing and is undetectable . 
  when you switch off the airplane mode , it takes a few seconds to establish connections again . 
   like a cellphone , it will need to connect to the closest cell towers , and police will be able to triangulate your position accurately at all times . 
  it will only actually need to make a connection when it has registered an accident , so no , not necessarily . 
  quoteing from my first response to you : `` he did talk about how he has to be very careful about what shots he takes . '', 
  effectively , the `` very special circumstances '' are `` i see a boar and i 'm sure the shot will not endanger anyone '' . 
  and the article you cite is from 2008 . 
  the documentary i saw on tv was from 2014 and said 3000 . 
  is there anything substantial you are disagreeing with , or do you just want to nitpick ? 
  as mentioned in that article , `` stadtj\u00e4ger '' get a special permission which covers their ongoing activity . 
  the end result is what i wrote : thousands of boars get shot . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_england_riots was pretty much that . 
  hunters * are * allowed to shoot boars in the middle of berlin : http://www.spiegel.tv/filme/wildschweine-stadt-reportage/ so forget about that `` incentive '' . 
  it 's all about the trash and other easy sources of food . 
  i got the number ( specifically 3000 killed by hunters ) from a german documentary which was pretty thorough , so i have no reason to doubt it . 
  the hunters are actually hired by the city , and they showed one at work shooting a boar . 
  he did talk about how he has to be very careful about what shots he takes . 
  the documentary also showed a boar which had been killed by cars , and it was following one specific family and mentioned that it had lost more than half of its members by the end of winter - but the numbers would be easily replenished by the new births in spring . 
  not practical . 
  there are about 600 families of boars living in berlin , thousands get killed by hunters and cars every year , but the numbers do n't decrease - they just procreate faster . 
  [ til that about 600 families of wild boars live in berlin . 
  each year , hunters kill thousands , hundreds more perish in car accidents , but their numbers keep increasing . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3349i0/til_that_about_600_families_of_wild_boars_live_in/ ), 
  tradition .
