   they did n't think it would crash and burn some certainly did : http://socialdemocracy21stcentury.blogspot.ch/2016/06/the-eu-titanic.html https://grrrgraphics.wordpress.com/2016/06/11/abandon-ship-brexit-great-britains-escape-ben-garrison-cartoon/ https://twitter.com/eurodisastro/status/746246105864740865, 
  inasmuch as the uk is neither a thinking entity nor monolithic it may not be true , but very many pro-breit voters thought exactly that . 
  some evidence : http://socialdemocracy21stcentury.blogspot.ch/2016/06/the-eu-titanic.html https://grrrgraphics.wordpress.com/2016/06/11/abandon-ship-brexit-great-britains-escape-ben-garrison-cartoon/ https://twitter.com/eurodisastro/status/746246105864740865, 
  is that some kind of joke ? 
  because the point is that abolishing regulations will have the same effect as regulations not being followed , just more widespread . 
  because it 's not really about taiwan . 
  it 's about not allowing formal separatism , since that could encourage quite a number of other regions within the prc that have such tendencies . 
  it 's important not to get your imperatives mixed up when reading kant , though !, 
  they 'll probably negotiate something that involves no financial contribution ( but of course also a loss of many subsidies ) and try to spin that into being the most important thing . 
  the thing they would n't accept is for the uk to get a trade deal without * also * agreeing to things like free movement . 
  basically `` soft brexit '' means a deal like norway , which is basically `` eu membership light '' , just without the direct financial aspects . 
  hard : `` fu eu , we do what we want now '' . 
  soft : `` let 's negotiate an association deal and not complain too much when it looks very similar to what we had before '', 
  a sixty year old ally led by a mentally six year old tantrum-throwing manchild . 
  recent developments are always more salient . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i meant : just because you can glue together the characters for `` overdoing '' , `` work '' and `` death '' and write an article about it that gets media and even government attention does n't mean it 's actually something more typical or deeply significant for that culture than for others . 
  it 's a hyped term that people read way too much into . 
  middle-aged managers that die from a heart attack is a clich\u00e9 in the west just as much , we just never invented a snappy , attention-grabbing term for it and instead went with the related but not identical `` burnout '' . 
  btw , / u/shitposted _ 666 also misused the term since kar\u014dshi is not typically used to described work-related suicides . 
  oh , and hey look , why is n't the suicide rate in the usa higher , they literally have a word for the phenomenon when people work themselves to death and commit suicide : `` work-related suicide '' !, 
  newsflash : most of the time those `` country x has a word for y '' stories are bullshit and the word is not an established part of the language but instead a neologism that got some media hype . 
  hm , utrecht looks much prettier on the ground than from above . 
  germans disagree . 
  i guess you need that kind of narrative to make sense of the world when basic human decency is an alien concept to you . 
   i 'm just saying they are not syrians . 
  and i never said every single one is syrian . 
  just that the majority are ( or were for a long time , the numbers obviously change over time ) . 
  and keep in mind that black people could come from somalia or eritrea , and `` indian '' people from afghanistan , all countries that produce large numbers of legitimate refugees . 
   since people who are obviously not syrians are making it through the border , it means that anyone is allowed . 
  honestly , i 've never heard of people being stopped or returned . 
  they all pass . 
  yes , the system is not set up to make these decisions at the border , processing an asylum request takes months due to the overloaded bureaucracy . 
   are they all refugees ? 
  are you telling me nobody tried to exploit the situation to get to europe ? 
  no , i am not telling you that . 
  just that those are a minority . 
  ok , i overstated that , it 's only turkey which has taken in over 2 million , but iran , pakistan and lebanon have also taken in a million or more each . 
  source : http://www.unhcr.org/news/videos/2017/2/58b3f4714/which-countries-host-the-most-refugeesquest.html i 'm not saying that there are no muslim countries that fail to pull their weight in this regard , but i do n't think that should serve as an excuse for non-muslim countries to do the same . 
   do you think turks have integrated well to german society , yes . 
  not all of them , but that would be an unrealistic expectation . 
   and if so why you think that ? 
  anything concrete to back your assumption ? 
  i have met many turks in my personal and professional life and have not witnessed anything i would consider a serious failure of integration . 
   trust me , i 've seen what kind of `` syrians '' are coming here . 
  black `` syrians '' , pakistani `` syrians '' , bangladeshi `` syrians '' ... basicly , not syrians . 
  oh , really ? 
  when and where exactly , and how did you determine their `` real '' origin so accurately ? 
   and the fact that they are here means that the recognition methods you described are not used wrong , those methods are used to * decide * asylum applications , and the statistics are from that decision . 
  that people are let in who have no chance to get approved is a separate problem , but that they are the majority is simply not true . 
  many muslim/arabic countries have taken in multiple millions of refugees . 
  the funny thing is that the list of supposed `` no-go zones '' in france that keeps popping up on right wing websites is actually a list of areas the police considers to require * extra attention * . 
  that 's almost the direct opposite of a no-go zone . 
  reality is a mess , we 'll just have to deal with it . 
  attempts to make it nice and orderly tend to produce cathastrophic results . 
  there is no such thing as `` proven guilt '' that will not be applied wrongly . 
  the us death row system is intended to execute only proven guilty people and becomes ridiculously slow and expensive by applying higher legal standards and more opportunities for appeals , and it still kills innocent people with alarming regularity . 
  you 're being downvoted because you 're simply wrong . 
   many of these people are not even from syria or iraq . 
  most of them are . 
   how do you know who is syrian and who is n't ? 
  you do an interview where you ask detailed questions about their life in syria and see if they agree with what we know about the situation there , or even just google maps - it 's very hard to fake knowledge about local geography . 
  there will usually also be an interpreter who 'd recognize if they speak a dialect of arabic that is not from syria . 
   what difference does it make to a refugee where his camp is located ? 
  in theory none , in practice a lot . 
   will he have more to do in europe than in the republic of turkey ? 
  will he be given education in europe but not in the republic of turkey ? 
  why ? 
  yes , yes , and because different states have different policies in this regard and because it 's much easier to provide for so many people when they are spread more thinly . 
   if the e.u. 
  wanted to host refugees to lift some weight off the turkish government 's shoulders , then it would transport them to europe safely , it would n't let smugglers do the job . 
  yet that 's not the case . 
  in fact , the e.u. 
  has sent frontex to prevent them from crossing the greek border ( or at least pretend they 're trying ) . 
  you are absolutely correct - eu policy is rather schizophrenic . 
  for the longest time , giving asylum to refugees as they had committed to do required little effort because so few were able to come anywhere near the eu , and as the numbers increased , the eu basically did the minimum possible that allowed them to not outright break the commitment . 
  2015 was when this policy finally failed and forced their hand . 
  today you learn : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_evasion_and_corruption_in_greece, 
  so what 's that about wanting us to spend more on our military ? 
  works for greece just as well . 
  tbh it will probably be destroyed in an earthquake sooner or later anyway . 
  probably you 'd get asked to stop or leave , the say way you would in many other museums . 
  additionally there 'd probably be some muslim clerics or group raising a big stink about it , and in current-day turkey those would have support from the government , and those who 've demanded that the hagia sophia should be turned into a mosque again would reiterate those demands more loudly . 
  specifically the situation in 2015 was that refugee numbers had increased to the point that the countries they could reach directly were overwhelmed and conditions so bad that people were in danger of dying not from war but from hunger , cold or diseases . 
  germany at that point decided that it had the resources and was willing to solve this immediate problem instead of being complacent in its luck of not being easily accessible to refugees and hiding behind rules it had decades earlier pressured the border countries into when the problem was much smaller . 
  internationally , if you really care about humanitarian principles and fairness , or even just stability , the only thing that makes sense is for all countries to share the burden of helping refugees instead of letting the countries next to a war zone be overwhelmed and destabilized , or resort to mass murder . 
  now it might more sense for rich countries to do that by funding refugee camps in the bordering countries instead , but that tends to fail because it 's too easy to ignore the problem when it does not affect you directly , and camps are chronically underfunded and have horrible conditions . 
  even if the situation there was better , it 's not a good idea to keep millions of people in limbo with nothing to do all day , no education and no jobs for their children . 
  that 's how you get recruiting grounds for terrorists and criminals . 
  that is nonsensical twice over . 
  first , whether it is humanitarian to let someone in has nothing whatsoever to do with whether it is legal . 
  and second , when a government officially allows someone in , that * makes * it legal pretty much by definition . 
  what are you even tying to say ? 
  completely wrong . 
  does n't change the fact that they 're still refugees per definition . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  syria is the most common , followed by iraq and afghanistan . 
  the definition of refugee is that you 're at risk of death in your home country , period . 
  in what world is it not ? 
  deep into a delusion where all those things do n't hurt hungary far worse than the eu ? 
   nuclear powerplants generate 0 atmospheric pollution and used fuel can be either used in other fields or safely stored , except that there is not a single actually confirmed `` safe '' storage facility in the world and multiple ones have been found far less safe than promised in expert testimonies .
