  i suspect that this is exactly why he gets to write a high-profile regular column about what otherwise tends to be a very dry and boring topic that would get few clicks . 
  i think this is the draft bill that was passed : http://dip21.bundestag.de/dip21/btd/18/077/1807719.pdf, 
  that 's incorrect . 
  it counted as rape if the victim was coerced , and by legal definition it counts as coercion if it happens against the victim 's will - how that will is established is up to the court to determine . 
  a `` no '' was already a pretty good and acceptable indication before this change . 
  better yet : a `` no '' was not necessary if the circumstances made it obvious that the victim was unwilling . 
  the change is useless and potentially harmful symbolic politics . 
  the reason is that if the atms did n't contain mostly 50s , they 'd have to be refilled more than twice as often , which would make their operation more expensive . 
  strange though : in germany , it 's not uncommon to get 100s from atms , and those are accepted without any problems by stores , as are of course the 50s . 
   you can not plan for leaving the eu until you are aware the population wants to , which is exactly what this referendum told us . 
  what ??? 
  the referendum was officially announced on february 20th . 
  from that point it was clear that the decision to leave was possible , and from that point it made sense to work on a concrete plan for what should be done in that case . 
  and it made sense to do that most of all for the people campaigning for that decision . 
  in fact , voters should have * demanded * such a plan before they were willing to vote leave . 
  it 's called a `` contingency plan '' , look it up . 
  that they had 5 months and failed to produce anything , and nobody called them out on it is a major disgrace for the british political culture . 
  how does the erratic behaviour of the fptp voting system in representing minority views have anything to do with what a minority politician should do to get more votes ? 
  making plans is the fucking * job * of politicians . 
  those who happen to be in government get to implement their plans , but that does n't mean opposition politicians do n't need one . 
  quite the opposite actually : the government can often get by with just coasting along and maintaining status quo , but the opposition needs to have a different plan and explain why it will be a change for the better . 
  now i 'm fully aware farange is the kind of politician who 'd rather forego the difficult part of making realistic plans and instead rely on emotionally charged talking points , but that has nothing to do with him not being in a position to implement plans . 
  in order to get more than one seat ? 
  nothing is better than donald trump 's plans , he has great plans , the best plans !, 
  i was right then , after all . 
  if that 's not what you meant with '' ( guess why ?! ) '', 
  then you should have been a bit clearer instead of making vague allusions . 
  you . 
   i want to believe that middle-eastern immigrants are a disaster for germany , so i refuse to believe that a recent negative development is not caused by them . 
  spotted the delusional racist !, 
  cute . 
  so what 's that ? 
  tv ratings ? 
  the price of weed ? 
  oh yes nigel , we are . 
  heartily . 
  gut , thilo . 
  looks like he 's not completely up to date though . 
  ** winter is here . 
  huh ? 
  have the [ immigrant cricket teams ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/06/german-interest-in-cricket-surges-thanks-to-talented-refugee-pla/ ) already gotten that far ? 
  unless they 're christian , then obviously that has nothing to do with their actions , because it 's just normal . 
  that 's exactly the point of betting odds : they reflect what people think will happen and are even willing to put money on . 
  that tends to be more accurate than opinion polls where some people give socially expected answers different from their actual voting behaviour . 
  the remains of the british empire can contend with that complexity all of its own : https://www.visualnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/the-united-kingdom-explained.png, 
  yes , that 's a wonderful example for a strawman argument . 
  thank you !, 
  how about castro ? 
  oh do n't worry , if trump gets elected i think he can easily top all that . 
  i do n't think erdogan cares how the rest of the world sees the country , it 's all about pandering to ignorant nationalist feelings . 
  are you seriously saying the old nazi is not responsible for her own statements because someone interviewed her ( very openly and with absolutely no deception about their intention ) and broadcast the interview ? 
   criticizing a dictator would surely offend him , violate his freedom to keep on oppressing . 
  that 's a ridiculous strawman . 
  by definition , oppressing people is already something that violates their freedom . 
   should n't freedom of speech be about saying what you think even though it may offend someone ? 
  sure , but it 's not something that trumps everything else . 
  not all speech is worth protecting , and not all offenses that can be caused by speech are mere annoyances . 
  * sigh * calm down , it was a just a harmless joke that made no mention whatsoever of religious zealotry , or indeed any kind of blanket judgement . 
  but how liberal are they when half-crazed with hunger at the end of a hard working day , huh ? 
  iirc the german system got a huge amount of attention and money after a disastrous result in the euro 2000, 
  then you are an idiot . 
  if anyone 's interested in facts rather than vague allusions , this is referring to [ ursula haverbeck ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ursula_haverbeck ) who in 2015 finally got a jail sentence for claiming the holocaust did n't happen , after multiple previous convictions resulting in fines , one of them for telling the chairwoman of the german jewish council ( who was born in germany ) to `` stay out of german affairs and go back to asia '' , and threatening that there could be a `` new pogrom '' if she ( the chairwoman ) continues as before . 
  germany holds the freedom of expression in very high regard indeed , but your freedom ends where it violates other people 's freedoms . 
  and words have consequences , that 's what freedom of expression is an important right in the first place . 
   iran , iraq , and afghanistan are all usually deemed as safe countries  and their citizens are normally not eligible for asylum . 
  deemed by whom ? 
  you ? 
  because the governments of austria , germany or switzerland definitely [ do not consider those countries `` safe '' ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicherer_herkunftsstaat ) , nor does anyone who has even the slightlest bit of knowledge about them . 
  ahh , `` unfriendly looks '' , the most heinous crime !, 
  every little piece of bigoted bullshit you spew just proves me right . 
  i have , apparently you have not . 
  the word `` software '' does n't even appear in the article . 
  this is about companies changing criteria and guaranteeing response times in their existing moderation systems . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with software being installed on client systems . 
   take a tour near asylum center , and go with your iphone aswell as some nice clothes , and you 'll see what `` prejudices '' i 'm talking about . 
  been there , nothing happened . 
  indeed i can see you are a very prejudiced person . 
   you can buy a syrian passport for a few bucks and that 's the only thing you need to prove you 're syrian and you can also say you 're syrian without any proof , they 'll register you as syrian . 
  this is only true for the initial registration which the `` new arrivals '' statistic is based on . 
  much more thorough checking is done to actually decide the application , and there is a 84 % acceptance rate for syrians . 
  nope , you 're just unwilling to accept facts that do n't confirm your prejudices . 
  the top 4 applicant nations ( afghanistan , syria , iran , iraq in that order ) make up 70 % of the total . 
  actually , it 's 20 % syrians according to the most recent statistics of the austrian government for january-april : http://www.bmi.gv.at/cms/bmi_asylwesen/statistik/files/2016/asylstatistik_april_2016.pdf, 
  if words had no power , freedom of speech would not be an important right . 
  words can do far worse than merely hurt . 
  i really get it much , much better than you . 
  what `` software '' are you talking about ? 
  you have absolutely no idea what this all is about , do you ? 
  except no , it 's not really a problem . 
  it 's quite well defined in laws that have existed and been applied for years , without any serious problem . 
  you 're a filthy child-rapist for whom burning alive is too good . 
  you and everyone from your shithole country of pedophiles should just be gassed . 
  now go ahead and tell me how you stand with hate speech . 
  who handed them those reins , and how ? 
  where do you get the idea that i said or implied so ? 
   i see , no children or retired people in sweden ... where did i say that ? 
  and if anything it strengthens my point . 
  btw , there are also many children and elderly among the refugees , no ? 
   also calling the unemployed `` supported by the state '' is rather demeaning and absolutely incorrect . 
  i do n't understand why you consider it demeaning , but it is most definitely correct .
