  what exactly is bad about someone not wanting to spend their life in a shitty camp living on food handouts with no perspective to make a living for themselves ? 
  there 's one rather weak point : his data is based on a survey of school children * in syria * . 
  when prompted whether it 's not likely that the people who can manage and afford to come to europe would be disproportionally from the better-educated parts of syrian society , he replies `` historical data shows that about two thirds of asylum seekers from the war countries do not have a work-qualifying education/training '' - but that is a * much * higher requirement already . 
  the concluding statement ( from the same guy !, 
  my translation : `` if we now handle the children of the refugees right and at the same time give their parents a chance to work and integrate , then those children will be the ones to reduce our demographic problem in 25 years . '', 
   it 's not just an issue of investment . 
  the average german spends what , 18 years in education ? 
  not nearly that much , that would be the number for a university graduate , but that 's only about 15 % . 
  the minimum would be 9 years , a typical value probably 12 . 
   an illiterate 25 year old can not do much anymore , regardless of investment . 
  that is bizarrely pessimistic . 
  it is when you bring up a completely vague notion of `` fundamental differences '' in response to someone disproving your claim that rooting for another country 's sports team is incompatible with successful assimilation . 
  assuming , of course , that you are willing to concede that that italian-americans are successfully assimilated ( and if not then i 'd say your standard for `` successful assimilation '' is so high as to be irrelevant ) . 
  additionally , the notion that germany is not formed on the basis of recent migrants is ridiculously wrong . 
  it has seen waves of migration pretty much continuously over its entire history , and in fact did n't really exist as an even remotely homogenous country until 1870 . 
   having half of them above that age makes it very difficult i think you overlooked a core point in my statement that only half of the male refugees are between 18 and 35 - the other half is about equal parts older than 35 and younger than 18 . 
  so yes , they * are * mostly young people , even children . 
  mostly yes . 
   when it 's successful , one rarely even knows what the country of his ancestors is , and certainly does n't root for it . 
  by that standard , there 's a whole bunch of not-successfully-assimilated xth generation italians living in new york : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_americans#/media/file:littleitaly_worldcup.jpg, 
   it was a gross exaggeration of which i provided no evidence . 
  props for admitting that . 
   also holy crap how are we going to deal with the fact that half of them are old ? 
  what 's `` old '' ? 
  only about 5 % are 50 and older . 
  i 'll take the bet , how much ? 
  except that is a lie that xenophobes keep spreading ( and every one seems to adjust the number up a little ) . 
  [ in reality ] ( http://www.bildblog.de/73416/wie-falsche-bilder-von-fluechtlingen-entstehen/ ) , it 's around 70 % men , and only about half of those between 18 and 35 . 
   and not because of liberals insisting immigrants should not be assimilated , but instead their culture protected and accomodated , so that even future generations keep those identities instead of fully embracing the local one ? 
  nope , that 's a bullshit narrative made up by delusional right-wingers . 
   you sure it 's not strong ? 
  so they still root for their old country 's football team , who the fuck cares ? 
  they put down the turkish flag and root for the german team the next day , and [ watch match between the two ] ( http://www.migrantenkind.net/integration-mit-fussball-deutschland-tuerkei.html ) in peace together with their german neighbours and friends . 
  i 'm sure you know all about that . 
  mostly because dumbass conservatives were for decades in denial about them being immigrants because `` germany is not an immigration country '' and they were all just `` guest workers '' who would go back to their home countries , never mind that they 'd been living here for 10 or 20 years already . 
  integration was not really attempted , even outright discouraged . 
  considering that , it has actually worked out remarkably well . 
  the `` parallel societies and foreig identities '' are not as strong as you apparently believe . 
  nope . 
  in your wet dreams perhaps , not in reality . 
  `` having problems '' means basically that authorities were not really seriously trying to deport because it was n't an urgent problem . 
  this is something that has changed . 
   one million in one year ? 
  in a nation of 82 million ? 
  in other numbers : 1.2 %  what are the germans even doing ? 
  same thing they 've been doing for decades : being awesome . 
   how the hell do they think they 'll be able to properly assimilate this many people ? 
  what kind of lame ass country would have a problem with 1.2 % immigrants ? 
   and more will come , that 's a downright certainity . 
  not as many as this year though . 
  and many will leave as well . 
   made in some sweatshops and the people working there are making a few cents an hour ? 
  you think they 'd prefer making nothing and starving ? 
   also , this made me think , this is surely doing some damage to our economy ? 
  no , that 's not how the world works . 
  trying to reverse this development would in fact badly damage the economies of both europe and the developing world . 
   it 's not like they would go bankrupt if they had factories in europe . 
  the products would just be a lot more expensive . 
  and it 's not like it 's only clothes . 
  because halal is a muslim thing , and all terrorists are muslims , which means that all muslims are terrorists and therefore doing anything they like supports terrorism . 
  yes , people are that stupid , you see many of them commenting in this very sub . 
  if you think that germany is gone `` to the extreme left spectrum '' because it is friendly and welcoming to strangers , that really says more about you than about germany . 
  far less delusional than your image of them as a personification of all bad traits you can think of . 
  they 're people . 
  the vast majority of people everywhere are peaceful , want nothing more than the chance to make a good life for themselves , and will treat you well if you treat them well . 
  that 's a fact that anyone who 's actually travelled will confirm . 
  lots of serbs and croats living in germany . 
  have n't heard of any major outbreaks of violence between them . 
  and syrians do n't have a direct problem with jews . 
  i doubt there is a `` general consensus '' about any topic like that in such a large population . 
  opinions certainly are divided - there is a the high profile `` pegida '' movement on the extreme right as well as a lot of people who are fearful about the future . 
  but the majority of people still support merkel and believe the refugee issue can be handled . 
  a current example : a company near frankfurt will house over 100 refugees in an unused office building . 
  they polled their employees ( anonymously ) and got a 75 % rate of agreement , along with multiple suggestions for how to faciliate contact between the refugees and the workers : http://www.fr-online.de/zuwanderung-in-rhein-main/muehlheim-offenbach-mehrheit-stimmt-fuer-fluechtlinge,24933504,32691814,view,asfirstteaser.html, 
  because there is nobody else who can even remotely gather a majority of those who do not want her re-elected behind him - or herself . 
  because it 's impossible that refugees feel grateful and are capable of reconsidering widely held opinions when they come into a new environment with different standards for what is acceptable ? 
  it 's not funny , it 's in fact to some degree the tuth . 
  many of these people are keenly aware that they owe their acceptance into germany in large part to merkel 's clear decisions . 
  they respect her greatly for that and will not outright ignore requests like this . 
  leaderships and their policies can change quite easily and quickly . 
  the settlements , not so much . 
  look how hard the retreat from the gaza strip was , and that was 21 settlements . 
  in the west bank , there are well over 200 . 
  the problem is that the extensive jewish settlements in the west bank make a two state solution all but impossible ... and i often get the impression that the settlers and the israeli governments that support them have just that intention . 
  the numbers on the webpage i linked to are from the bamf , the german agency actually processing asylum applications . 
  the difference is most likely because my numbers are from germany in 2015 , while yours are from the entire eu in 2014 , before the massive increase in numbers . 
  if you say so . 
  it does n't excuse anything , but it explains it and shows that it 's a result of the conditions and not of the refugees being collectively more violent or ungrateful than germany , americans , or whoever . 
  are you truly incapable of understanding how such a situation creates tensions in which banal stuff can escalate , especially among people who do n't all speak the same language ? 
  are you such an angel that you 've never had a bad day and let off steam by lashing out at others , or self-righteously responded to a perceived aggression with an even stronger aggression yourself ? 
  also the most weaselly . 
  when that kind of thing is actually followed up on , it turns out there 's a small number of actual cases , which are being prosecuted and communicated no different than crimes committed by germans , a larger number of cases that are misreported or outright made up , and a huge bunch of neo-nazis posting on facebook about how their brother-in-law 's colleague 's baker 's hairdresser knows a a policeman who 's been told to hush up everything , and how `` right-thinking citizens '' should just band together and teach those foreigners to keep their hands off our women !, 
  how long have you spent cooped up in a mass shelter with other young men and nothing to do ? 
  because the one who 's lying is you : http://www.bildblog.de/73416/wie-falsche-bilder-von-fluechtlingen-entstehen/, 
  and turkish immigrants to switzerland led to wild horse/donkey cumswapping parties . 
  thus , mules . 
  because it 's so easy to ignore shitty conditions or outright `` forget '' about actually doing anything when it 's so far away . 
  no , they do n't . 
  freedom of speech is not absolute anywhere . 
  and stupidity .
