  except that 's you pushing a biased agenda that is even worse . 
  the vast majority of the migrants are poor , innocent and terrified people . 
  the only ones who can not accept that are xenophobic assholes , who are thankfully a minority in europe ( albeit one that loves to spend time in echo chambers deluding themselves into believing that they represent a repressed majority ) . 
  even if that were true ( and the first article of the german constitution sure sound a lot different ) that does n't mean it must not care for the wellbeing of anyone else . 
  by that logic , none of europe ( except greece ) is in any meaningfully way `` culturally derived from greece any more '' either . 
  it 's `` clear '' only to people who ca n't see beyond their prejudices . 
   everyone knows the single biggest wave of immigration to germany was the post ww2 population transfers/ethnic cleansing . 
  i thought that is what he was referring to . 
  except i used the plural . 
   i mean , it 's literally true that all europeans ultimately derive culturally from greeks . 
  the same ca n't be said for syrians . 
  you realize that syria had christianity centuries before western and northern europe had ? 
  and that it was under roman rule much longer as well ? 
  that is very much what is being said by a lot of people , more or less explicitly . 
  that is what they get called nazi for and then start whining about . 
  `` they do n't do the right thing , so i do n't have to either '' , huh ? 
  you want to make saudi arabia your role model ? 
  no , you 're a nazi if you thing `` caring about your nation '' means considering everyone else inferior and not deserving of human decency . 
  we 've managed huge immigration waves before . 
  ended up the most powerful economy in europe . 
  i do n't mind `` getting shafted '' like that again . 
  and stfu about `` this is totally different !, 
  ! 1 '' - people say exactly the same xenophobic crap every time . 
  the brainwashed one is you . 
  mostly because emotional stories get them more readers . 
  it 's also kinda forced when you have a survey that has only three answers , `` yes '' , `` no '' and `` not sure '' . 
  in reality , opinions are rather more nuanced . 
  infratest dimap know how to conduct a representative survey . 
  and listening to cherry-picked and outright false hate propaganda is the opposite of `` waking up '' . 
  44 % against , 6 % undecided . 
  ah , yes the good old prosecution complex of the right ... btw , the opinion of the citizens of germany : http://www.dw.com/en/survey-shows-half-of-all-germans-favor-taking-in-more-refugees/a-18405458, 
  not really . 
  they 'll just find something else to justify their xenophobia with . 
  the opposite , really . 
  `` it 's different when * we * do it ! '', 
  no , a single handpicked sample shows no such thing ( or , indeed , anything ) . 
  did you read more of my comment than that word ? 
  yes , it literally does because i gave a very good reason for my suspicion . 
  that 's exactly the group i was talking about . 
  this has nothing to do with self hate . 
  having terrible things happen to them tends to motivate people to appreciate opportunities and make the best of them afterwards . 
  leading a safe and sheltered life , not so much . 
  i 'm sure there were no few upper middle class kids in syria who obsessed about clothes and games before their country went down the drain . 
  absolutely !, 
  and i think were overall * are * handling this better now , though it 's of course also a much smaller burden in comparison . 
  im not hiding behing anything . 
  you 're judging a disparate group for the actions of some of their members . 
  that 's exactly what prejudice means . 
  it 's not hyperbolic or fawning . 
  these people have often been through hell , have their whole world break down and nothing left to lose . 
  many of them are * extremely * motivated and willing to work hard to make a living . 
  compare that to your average german youth who cares most about having daddy buy them the right brand of clothes or how their latest wow raid went . 
   well to be honest , many of these refugees appear to be frauds as well . 
  among the real refugees , there are tons of those that are n't in immediate danger , and just come to europe illegally and demand this and that . 
  so whe should just turn them all away ? 
  the vast majority of them demand nothing more than a chance to work hard to make a living in a safe environment . 
  and if you make legal immigration impossible , complaining about illegal immigration is kinda pointless . 
   those immages of poor refugees you see in the news ? 
  you do n't see the ones shouting `` alluh akbar '' in hungary , do you even know what that means ? 
  hint : not `` kill all westerners '' . 
   or how they throw away food because it is n't `` hallal '' . 
  so if you were given dog and cat meat to eat , would you accept it thankfully ? 
   when you look throughout our history , germans fled a lot of times . 
  during the 19 . century , in the 1920s , 1933-1949 interesting truth : those were often treated so shitty by their fellow germans back then that the current behaviour towards refugees seems positively warm in comparison . 
  just yesterday i saw a documentary where wwii refugees from ostpreussen etc. 
  described how they were treated in the remaining germany . 
  it was quite horrifying . 
  one young man was recruited by a farmer ( who were commonly eager to `` shelter '' healthy young men , but passed over women with children ) and fell in love with the family 's youngest daugher , who returned his feelings . 
  the mother explicitly threatened to poison them both for bringing shame on the family , and when they did not relent , the father had his daughter sign a paper to relinquish any inheritance claims and banning her from trying to contact her siblings or even take part in her parents ' funeral . 
  your `` logic '' is the very definition of prejudice . 
  the one who can not help himself is you . 
  relevant part is towards the end : over two thirds of the syrian refugees only have something like high school education , and only 7 % are academics . 
  but i suspect that these numbers are ridiculiusly skewed : they apparently list refugees * currently registerd * the austrian agency for the unemployed - so academics who registered 2 months ago and already found a job are not included , but uneducated people who have been looking for a year are ... 
  that 's why polish plumbers have such a good reputation in germany . 
  it 's a huge issue in german national and even local news as well . 
  right , they were much worse , murdering about 5000 people in so-called `` lynch justice '' . 
  oh , you 're saying the temperance movement had nothing to do with that ? 
  well , they claimed to be defending christian values , [ as did the lynch mobs ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2015/02/jim_crow_south_s_lynching_of_blacks_and_christianity_the_terror_inflicted.html ) , and that 's pretty much the same connection there is between this `` sharia police '' and the cartoonist murderers . 
  none . 
  which is why the demands for people to assimilate are nothing but xenophobic circlejerkery . 
  that 's because their `` concerns '' are largely imaginary bullshit coming from people who 've never * seen * a refugee in all their lives . 
  if hate speech is seen everywhere , it comes to be accepted as normal and encourages more people to spew hate . 
  do n't let the door hit you on the way out and have fun being the immigrant for once . 
  europe is certainly off much better without whiny assholes like you . 
  showing that he 's a hell of a lot smarter than you in the process ... 
  no , you are the exact opposite of forward thinking , and you have no idea what it means to relynon data rather than feelings . 
   my point is that expectations-wise for many people they think succesful , fruitful integration requires full assimilation . 
  i do n't think they really fully expect that . 
  they just do n't understand how ingrained and close to one 's personal identity cultural mindsets are . 
  the first two things are just xenophobic bullshit . 
  you 'll find people like that everywhere , unfortunatley . 
  the third is human nature and very hard to overcome . 
  and munich is the austin of bavaria . 
  source : i am from munich . 
  a lack of perfet success is not the same as total failure . 
  sorry , but if you completely refuse to even consider the other side 's point of view , it is you who is being a zealot . 
  knive seen what you did there !, 
   freedom of religion does n't mean you can do whatever you want , it means you can believe whatever you want . 
  it also means the freedom to * practice * your religion . 
   it certainly does n't mean you can do whatever you want to someone else .
