  no , it 's simply an obvious conclusion from your statements and your refusal to acknowledge the facts that do n't fit your racist narrative . 
  yes , it 's a dead giveaway for the fact that there are racist assholes for whom the * only * thing they care about whenever there are news of violence is that it might have been brown people , and will cast doubt or outright ignore any statement to the contrary . 
  you 're doing exactly what i predicted , you pathetic , racist , retarded fucker . 
  when a bullied kid with german citizenship who was born and raised in germany , legally changed his name from ali to david and shouts `` i am german '' in perfect , unaccented german shoots people on the anniversary of the breivik shooting , than that 's his `` me heritage '' and * totally * different from `` real germans '' who merely might be `` legitimately unhinged people , which society ca n't really prevent '' . 
  you 're a textbook example of racism : ignorant , hateful and stupid . 
  the only obvious moron here is you ... 
  you 're saying indiscriminate killing is part of swiss culture ? 
  what ' t your fault is repeating lies that are disproven by the facts . 
  you 're simply wrong there . 
  there have been many cases . 
  erfurt , winnenden , emsdetten , dossenheim ... but i 'm sure you can find some way to move the goalpost and keep your racism satisfied . 
  he was , and he did n't . 
  most likely excplanation is that the witness misheard someone shouting `` alle raus da '', 
   would it be ok if we all practiced slavery but just called it something else and did n't explicitly make it legal . 
  no , but `` quatar '' is still not evidence that a majority of muslims think that slavery is ok , which is the claim what i was responding to . 
   also the fact that your trying to paint some picture of slavery as not so bad because muhammad said you should give slaves food and it would be cool if you release one every now and then is fucking disturbing and disgusting . 
  i 'm not trying to paint any pictures , i am trying to point out that it is disingenuous to judge someone who lived 1500 years ago without taking into account the world they lived in , and even more disingenuous to take only the statements which would be today considered most offensive and ignore everything else . 
  and disingenuous again to judge all muslims for this caricature . 
  do you also think that every american today who expresses respect and reverence for their founding fathers is `` fucking disturbing and disgusting '' because they made slavery legal and some of them owned slaves ? 
  so you can not in fact give an example of a muslim country where slavery is explicitly legal . 
  yeah , rage is not conductive to clear thinking . 
  no , that 's not how laws work . 
   or are we still perpetuating the myth that these opinions are only held by a minority ? 
  please show me a single muslim country where slavery is explicitly legal , or a representative survey where the majority says it should be . 
  if anyone is perpetuating myths , it is you . 
   the prophet muhammed explicitly stated that taking slaves and raping them is permitted . 
  he also stated that slaves are equal in their humanity to their owners , that slaves should be treated well and fed and clothed as well as oneself , and that freeing slaves is a great virtue . 
   he should absolutely be charged with something `` something '' , yeah ... 
   also , it 's possible that the integrated muslims in europe , not talking about the islamists in the ghettos , feel even stronger hate against isis for fucking up the name of their religion , so what would isis do when many muslims from all over the world fight against them together with the christians and the other religions ... 
  the whole damn point is that isis is trying to destroy the possibility to * be * an `` integrated muslim '' , to goad the public opinion in the west towards seeing all muslims as enemies and giving them no other choice than to side with isis . 
  that 's their explicitly declared policy . 
  and it 's working . 
  that 's very funny coming from a brit ... 
  quite the opposite . 
  stop reading bullshit nazi propaganda and educate yourself about the real world . 
  ... and by now it 's pretty clearly established that the killing in reutlingen which this thread is about has nothing to do with islam either . 
  if you want to talk about patters , do it elsewhere . 
   that cartoon is almost exactly what has just happened though . 
  except no , unless you 're a delusional racist who does n't care about facts . 
  seriously , that cartoon is absolute [ st\u00fcrmer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/der_st%c3%bcrmer ) style . 
  would n't be surprised to find it was a direct copy from there with a little restyling of the `` jewish beasts '' . 
   a pregnant german woman and her child was just macheted to death by an invader and you 're complaining about racism . 
  a pregnant polish woman , by a co-worker . 
  facts . 
   maybe you ought to re-align your values to side with the children being murdered instead of the criminal ? 
  my values absolutely side with children being murdered , much more than yours . 
  because i include muslim children . 
  the truth that the people who drew that cartoon are racist neo-nazis who are no better at all than the islamist fanatics ? 
  no , we did n't vote for a disgusting racist cartoon . 
   that , right there . 
  why do germans want to kill eachother ? 
  that is the issue needed to be addressed . 
  one innocent person killed is one to many . 
  certainly . 
  but while we 're doing that , it also makes a lot of sense to reduce the lethality of conflicts in general . 
  one innocent person killed is still much better than five innocent persons killed . 
   you are making the nice attack sound like an accident . 
  as if the driver did n't have a motivation for doing it . 
  i am doing no such thing . 
  to understand it like that you must be playing willfully stupid . 
   purge bad ideologies , counter bad morals . 
  bad people will still find ways to kill . 
  . #reutlingen how fucking stupid do you have to be to still not understand the point that guns make it * easier * to kill * more * people . 
  so a guy with a machete killed one person and injured two . 
  if guns were as easy to get in germany as in the usa , i can guarantee that there would be many more people dead and injured . 
  gun control saves lives !, 
  assault rifles are in fact legal for civilians to posses in many states of the usa - they 're not allowed to be capable of full auto mode , but that hardly makes them less useful to kill people . 
  and my statement does n't just apply to terrorists . 
  school shooters ( you know , like the one this thread is originally about ) and small criminals very rarely have access to the networks that sell internationally traded illegal guns . 
  guns * are * part of the problem . 
  guns make it much easier to kill people , and lots of people . 
  a gun is much , much cheaper than a truck , and more versatile . 
  the attack in nice was only possible because there was a dense crowd . 
  most illegal guns were at one point produced and often also sold legally . 
  he even used `` sie '' towards the guy insulting him ... 
  the mcd might be where the `` cool kids '' from his school hang out . 
  except there are no actual similarities whatsoever . 
  the unabomber was not right-wing in any meaningful sense and his manifesto was anti-technology more than anything else . 
  because the torah says they made a pact with god that requires it , see genesis 17:12 . 
   we are letting innocent defenseless children be mutilated because we try to respect old superstition . 
  it 's absolutely pathetic . 
  we are being very ( and yes , perhaps * too * ) careful in banning religious practices because there is a long and ugly history of prosecuting people based on their religion and in particular * this * religion . 
  unless it conflicts with other basic rights , which is something that constitutional courts decide after carefully taking into account all aspects of the specific law in question . 
   i 'm gon na go out on a limb here and say that 100 % of those affected are too young to vote , let alone think properly . 
  ca n't exactly circumcise twice . 
  and i 'm gon na join you on that limb and say that 90 % or more of those affected , once they * are * old enough to decide , actually support having been circumcised . 
   and as far as religon goes , everyone is free to follow whatever rites they want up until the point where it 's illegal . 
  no conflict between rights . 
  except basic rights are all about what can and can not be made illegal . 
  prevent the government from making things it does n't like illegal is the * point * of basic rights . 
   they still get to be jews . 
  hell , they can even circumcise if they want to , later . 
  except their religion says they * ca n't * be jews properly if they 're not circumcised at the age of eight days . 
   90 % of people are in favor . 
  that 's as democratic as it possibly can be . 
  not exactly . 
  note that 100 % of those in favor of banning it are not in fact affected . 
  the protection of minorities is an important part of democracy , as are inviolable rights - such as the freedom to practise your religion - and circumcision is a practice that the jewish faith considers absolutely essential . 
  what makes this complicated is that we have a conflict between two basic rights , and denying that it is a difficult consideration because you do n't care about one of them in this instance is rather disingenuous . 
  i agree that his writing style is sometimes excessively provocative , which tends to draw criticism that focuses on those parts and ignores his factual points ( which tend to be very soundly argued ) .
