no nazi or ` rapefugee ' insult ? 
  what is this , amateur hour ? 
  their lack of banting skills offends me . 
  that alone warrants polish death camps . 
  then make it a l\u00e4nder decision . 
  i 'm morbidly enjoying all the crazy people attracted by posts like this . 
  do n't . 
  he is either a troll , or an insane person . 
  just smile and go on about your business . 
  jesus fucking christ , i hope you 're trolling . 
  for your own sake . 
  if not , it 's really sad . 
  from his post history :  right now atheist hates religion . 
  religion is being used by politician to make true follower of jesus look hateful and disgusting , despite our love torwards all people . 
  helping the poor and needy . 
  not caring about the outward but inward parts . 
  still atheist ( who are worshipping nature god themselves ) thinks we are some faggot ( isis fake terror attack over and over ) . 
  people are brainwashed to conform to the norm . 
  to conform to gay , transgender , black/white , woman/man movements . 
   those who hate or think the bible is just a fable story are brainwashed to the core from society . 
  the bible is a historical fact , wherever you believe it or not . 
  actualy thinking that politicians are following jesus is ridicioulos . 
  just like me pretending to be 6 ' 1 when i am not . 
  oh look , an insane person . 
  who would have thought . 
  what ? 
  what kind of fucked up school did you go to ? 
  i went to school in germany and learned it . 
  which is , you know , normal . 
  they 're dangerous as fuck tbh . 
  the reflex of islam apologism on this site is insufferable . 
  yes , but they ca n't , because those people are a tiny majority everywhere . 
  they are communists symbols . 
   they are n't communists or extremists that 's why they 're sporting hammer and sickle . 
  basically enough to start an alpine ski team . 
  that does n't make them less extremist . 
  just show them the mountains . 
  they 're dutch , they 'll get scared and ride their viets right back, 
  do we have to give these extremists a forum ? 
  in case of emergency : break past !, 
  the daily mayl, 
  rewe , edeka and kaisers are n't discounters . 
  also have you ever been to a kaufland ? 
  totally not interchangeable with the discounters you listed at all , since it 's even bigger than rewe in terms of product variety . 
  a lot of misinformation in your post . 
  what 's with the suggestive coloring ? 
  catholicism does not equal bigotry . 
  i see . 
  no hard feelings dude , 
  what you call artificial is very real to many people . 
  nice save . 
  you confused it with hungary , did n't you ? 
  wait , what ... why ? 
  why ? 
  is that up for debate , that churches should be forced ? 
  because i disagree strongly with this particular premise . 
  i do fully support legal equality , and i would appreciate if the churches themselves would decide to wed homosexuals . 
  but forcing them is a no go . 
  also , yes the more rural areas are way more conservative . 
  although i would not support the claim that being a conservative equals being against homosexual weddings or being homophobic per se . 
  if you live in a big city you tend to forget that a large part of the population thinks very differently . 
  i get your point completely , the other poster did n't phrase it very well , but you have to admit that these mindsets are related . 
  and i sometimes forget that i 'm merely surrounded by rather young , educated and progressive people , and that their views do not represent my entire country , unfortunately . 
  a 66 % approval rate is disappointingly low for my country , germany . 
  poor guy . 
  `` aus dem regen in die traufe '' , as we say in german . 
  inb4 they get run over within 2 weeks . 
  as if it is surprising to hear such things from orthodox churches from eastern europe . 
  at least they did n't call for the lynching of homosexuals this time . 
  ok . you went there . 
  conversation over . 
  you seem to forget that we are talking about terrorists here . 
  and yes , our law forbids this practice . 
  unfortunately . 
  oh my . . stop them at the airport . 
  if it 's proven they were participating in terrorist activities , a judge could beforehand decide to not let them enter/stay . 
  deport . 
  could , because the law says otherwise . 
  you do n't literally have to take them to court . 
  i know you try to act all obtuse , but try to comprehend for a change . 
  where did i say that denying terrorists re-entry should not involve courts ? 
  he got it wrong . 
  it 's not associating . 
  it 's not about kind of liking them . 
  direct involvement is what makes it a crime . 
  supporting terrorist organizations by going to syria or iraq or being involved in their activities here is a crime . 
  rightly so . 
  that was my last response to you . 
  yeah ... that does n't make any sense whatsoever . 
  especially since bnd and verfassungsschutz are completely different things . 
  no , i said being member of a terrorist organization , which boils down to fighting for them when you go to syria , do n't you think ? 
  again , it 's right there . 
  also , raising money for them , recruiting etc is not associating with them . 
  it 's direct involvement . 
  we 're not talking about a stupid facebook post made by a confused teenager here . 
  they did not verbally support them , they went and fought for and directly supported isis . 
  is reading that hard ? 
   234 jihadists returned to germany it 's right there in the top of this comment chain . 
  reading comprehension , it exists . 
  just how stupid are you ?
