  really ? 
  that 's how unbiased people talk about taking in refugees ? 
  really ? 
  what he said was blatant propaganda . 
   i just hope that most of the europeans will wake up and take action fast enough before things turn from ugly to bloody . 
  i 'm supposed to take this propaganda seriously and not take his descent into account ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm critical of his opinion about this very issue . 
  for obvious reasons . 
  outside of this issue i do n't give a fuck about where he comes from . 
  but if it makes it easier for you , call it shitting on a jew . 
  i know that i 'm fine with jews , why should n't i. 
  that 's all that counts for me . 
  i only dislike extremists . 
  of every religion . 
  have you actually read his comments ? 
  yeah , you are probably very objective about this issue . 
  why is it so hard for you to understand that you can be very critical of extremists without demonizing the whole group ? 
  why is that impossible for the radical left to comprehend ? 
  read also : http://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article146903739/mohammed-war-ein-massenmoerder-und-ein-kranker-tyrann.html interview with islam-critic hamed abdel-samad, 
  why did you respond then , tough guy ? 
  objectively as in noone calls them insects , but has the audacity to call extremists out for the criminal actions mentioned in the very article this thread is about . 
  they have every right to do so . 
  the vast majority in this thread is discussing critically but objectively . 
  but people see what they want to see . 
  i ca n't get over how ridiculous you sound . 
  link , let 's say , two . 
  two comments that literally say that . 
  not downvoted to oblivion . 
  soo ... even mentioning criminal actions committed by muslim extremists is stormfront now ? 
  do you want to silence viewpoints you do n't want to hear ? 
  sounds awfully familiar . 
  it 's a little bit difficult to fake being syrian when you 're somali , do n't you think ? 
  i do n't really want to argue with someone as populist and self righteous as you are . 
  it 's like talikng to a wall and very exhausting . 
  noone is ignoring crime comitted by germans . 
  and as a society we have the right to not ignore crimes comitted by migrants as well , no matter what religion or skin color they have . 
  we do a lot for these people . 
  i do n't know if you are aware of that , but noone forces us to take this people . 
  we do that voluntarily , because we feel obliged to maybe . 
  you 're so caught up in your twisted ideology that you choose to ignore this . 
  you want to make out germany and our society as evil racists . 
  while nazis exist , too many at that , the majority are good people who despise crime . 
  no matter who committed it . 
  i do n't know why you choose to see only one side . 
  why are you trying to insult me passive aggresively in german ? 
  are you scared of getting called out ? 
  do i think i know it all ? 
  certainly not . 
  but at least i 'm not downplaying serious issues . 
  you quoted a definition of a word in order to justify despicable behaviour . 
  you act like people who are displaying antisocial and anti-democratic behaviour are simply misunderstood . 
  you deliberately ignore the inherently radical tendencies that can be seen in this incidents . 
  if you think that these extremists only act like that because there is a lack of care ( social workers you mentioned ) , you are being delusional . 
  we , as a country , are doing a lot of thing in favor of these people . 
  we do that voluntarily . 
  we have the right to be critical about this situation . 
  we took them , we care for them , rightly so . 
  but we have the right to expect appropiate behaviour . 
  at all times . 
  they and you can not expect that we give them houses immediately . 
  both we and them have to arrange with compromises . 
  sadly noone , probably . 
  there is a big number of people who actually believe this . 
   all it takes is a few more social workers you actually believe this . 
  unbelievable . 
  uh ... these guys dissertated 30 years ago . 
  our ressources are n't infinite . 
  first of all , you 're talking about german citizens . 
  you seem to forgot . 
  what makes you think 1/3 does n't live up to societal standards ? 
  they 're not as young and hip as you ? 
  if you migrate to another country and seek asylum , adjusting to the values of the respective society is n't just a little gimmick , it 's essential . 
  if you are not willing to that in the slightest and display undemocratic and radical behaviour unfitting to scoiety from the beginning , you do n't fit the criteria to get asylum . 
  it 's not evil , it 's not being a nazi , it 's reasonable and lawful . 
  oh , right . 
  this definitely has nothing to do with extremists attacking other people for their different beliefs . 
  nothing to do with extreme islam . 
  just lagerkoller . 
  it 's not their fault , these poor people . 
  everyone spits on other people from time to time when they 're upset . 
  happens to the best . 
  why do you guys keep lying to yourself , i do n't get it . 
  you can be a good person * and * tell things like they are . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe if you braid another flowerchain in your hair or put another buddha on your counter , things will work out . 
  and how is this seperation going to work once they take part in society ? 
  and why do we allow to stay when they openly display anti-democratic values just like that , anyway ? 
  it 's funny that she tries to make it look like a bad thing . 
  the caste of politicians is so far away from reality . 
  unbelievable . 
  dude ... phrasing, 
   known to have a very conservative agenda and ? 
  does that make a fact less of a fact ? 
   no one was arrested sigh ... 
  the point is : we can not deal with this problem ideologically . 
  too many people think this is a black and white issue . 
  this article , while important , is not the whole reality . 
  it is not a guideline to feel . 
  my comment was exaggerated , of course .
