  why would al baghdadi involved in the npd verbot ? 
  in what way is your completely irrelevant link a source for the payments of the bnd to al baghdadi you mentioned ? 
  how can you confuse bnd and verfassungsschutz and accuse other people of being incapable of thinking ? 
  how is anyone supposed to comprehend your incoherent thoughts ? 
  are you mentally stable ? 
  because you sure do n't sound that way . 
  this article does not mention al-baghdadi and is completely irrelevant to the current subject anyway . 
  freedom for terrorists ? 
  sigh ... 
  source ? 
  you do n't think participating in fucking isis should be a crime ? 
  if you do n't treat isis members as criminals i feel very sorry for your country . 
  edit : wrong word, 
  these people are members of isis . 
  it is only reasonable to not want them back in the country . 
  but the law is the law and we have to accept that . 
  in this case , unfortunately . 
  not for us . 
  but do n't you think the bnd is involved in these cases ? 
  or the nsa even ? 
   if you have a husband in there you 're definitely save . 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
  what is your definition of safe ? 
  being a member of a terrorist organization alone is a crime . 
  no , he does n't . 
  quit your bullshit . 
  they will be charged with being a member of a terror group and will go to prison . 
  yes , unfortunately . 
  they will be charged with being member of a terrorist organization and most likely will go to prison . 
  but they are german citizens . 
  ca n't be revoked just like that . 
  it 's a shitty situation . 
  just off the to of my head , this evidence about the bigoted pseudo political correct atmosphere in universities : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/11633305/university-union-officer-who-wrote-kill-all-white-men-tweet-will-remain-in-post.html http://www.faz.net/aktuell/feuilleton/debatten/profx-als-geschlechtergerechte-sprache-fuer-professoren-13268220.html http://www.faz.net/aktuell/beruf-chance/campus/neue-schreibweise-nur-noch-professorinnen-an-der-uni-leipzig-12210792.html what does jerry seinfeld have to say ? 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/06/08/jerry-seinfeld-college-politically-correct-racism-sexism_n_7534978.html but what does he know , right ? 
  i really ca n't be bothered to sacrifice any more time for you . 
  again , i was commenting on the narcissist , self rigtheous and overly sheltered culture that is growing in student bodies and faculties . 
  i was typing against the pc insanity . 
  it 's not like i really care about what you think , though . 
  and students are not a significant part of a university ? 
  i was commenting on the insane intolerant pc atmosphere that is growing in western universities . 
  are you retarded ? 
  and ? 
  do we share this aspect of our culture ? 
  or is it not important ? 
   we is the audience . 
  you perform here and your performance has been bad so far . 
  and you should feel bad . 
  are ... are you serious ? 
  like i give a fuck about you . 
  are , by the way . 
  we * are * the audience . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  we totally do not . 
  we share aspects , yes . 
  but it 's not literally the same culture . 
  or why do you think we are talking in english right now ? 
  what ? 
  he spouts super weird and aggressively stupid conspiracy theories in favor of the russian seperatists who killed over 200 people in a commercial airplane despite living a sheltered life in one of the nato countries . 
  the nato he attacks . 
  and i 'm not allowed to address that ? 
  fuck off with your cuddle feelgood bullshit . 
  wo is `` we '' anyway , and why should i care about your amusement ? 
  if that is the case they * are * being fascist . 
  i want to give them the benefit of doubt . 
  universities are starting to get carried away into fascist territory in their weird attempt to appear progressive and open minded . 
  they 're effectively fighting their own cause . 
  the lack of self awareness by these people is so weird to me . 
  where do you live again ? 
  that 's even funnier , shill . 
  lol at you thinking that such a decision would be made by simple troops . 
  how old are you , 13 ? 
  taking the bait here . 
  shooting down the presidential airplane would mean all out war . 
  a war ukraine could not possibly win . 
  you have to be pretty brainwashed/stupid to think that this could be a remotely probable scenario . 
  and a comparison of two airplanes whose only similarity is the color ( plane was shot down at night ) is your evidence ? 
  conspiracy retard confirmed . 
  you 're not worth further discussion . 
  in your opinion ( i 'm afraid to ask ) who was it ? 
  and back it up . 
  you got like 4 responses that had evidence . 
  you just refuse to acknowledge the evidence . 
  are you some kind of shill ? 
  we can control our urges , why ca n't they ? 
  why do our women have to be protected from them but not from us ? 
  where is the goddamn difference ? 
  you do n't want to understand my point , i think . 
  i can not grasp why we should have to go out of our way to give them the opportunity to fuck . 
  they have to control themselves , their urges , like everyone else . 
  how is * that * so hard to grasp ? 
  and shipping them to brothels does n't cost taxpayers money ? 
  also a fuck in a brothel costs at least 50 $ ( or are the prostitutes supposed to do it for less in your little refugee wonderland ? ), 
  that 's what they should spend their allowance on ? 
  i do n't want to argue for the heck of it . 
  it 's nothing personal . 
  but you seem to get carried away in your attempt to be the very best person . 
  that is what a lot people in germany are sick of . 
  do we give free brothel visits to young men born here who do n't have sex ? 
  how come we do n't ? 
  it 's not my standard , it 's everyones standard who is not scum .
