  no problem , happens . 
  uh ... i know , i am german ... which is pretty fucking obvious when you read my post . 
  what is your point ? 
  your point is ? 
  most stupid comment i 've read all day . 
  i wo n't accept personal responsibilty for this . 
  i 'm in no way responsible for what happened 80 years ago . 
  nice provocation , though . 
  that does n't matter . 
  people who have grown up in germany and were properly educated are shaped by the valus of the constitution . 
   because i did n't get to deleting it soon enough . 
  maybe the arrogance of this sentence alone ? 
  who do you think you are ? 
  i personally think that you are censoring . 
  how is it not relevant for europe when a police officer is stabbed in an asylum camp ? 
  people have the right to hear this story and to discuss it . 
  i understand that the degradation of whole groups happens , both in submissions and comments . 
  i reject this ideology too . 
  but that does n't give you the right to ban discussions about the nagative sides of mass immigration altogether . 
  you are abusing your power as a mod there , in my opinion . 
  there i said it . 
  am i banned now ? 
  good thing . 
  although everyone who posts there will probably be banned for some made up reason . 
  what a shitty atmosphere . 
  you 're a shit mod . 
  they have to understand our values from the very beginning . 
  of course it is essential to learn the language . 
  but we can not expect them to be able read and understand complex texts like the grundgesetz . 
  this is not a sign of resignation or pure altruism . 
  it 's necessary so they understand what is expected from them concerning the values of our society . 
  reading it should be made mandatory , and there should be tests about it ( in before : hurr durr the natives do n't have to take tests either and they know nothing : native germans grew up in this culture . 
  whether or not they know every paragraph , they 're shaped by it ), 
  holy shit . 
  little too much power at hand ? 
  that 's ... an interesting viewpoint , considering the tensions concerning immigration and cultural differences in europe right now . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  try for once not being an overly sarcastic know it all , maybe people could understand what you 're saying for a change . 
  i obviously meant both sides . 
  globaliziation of a different kind . 
  nazi, 
  that ... was not very clever of him . 
  sigh ... a lot of these guys have to overcome their weird understanding of `` honor '' . 
  see , we 're a very productive continent . 
  we work hard and efficient . 
  there is no need for us to adopt a model that is so fundamental culturally different . 
  you gave no argument why we should . 
  you just wanted to appear like a tough guy , but accuse others of being emotional and unobjective . 
  noone really cares how many hours you work a day . 
  if you want to work 14 hours a day , fine . 
  noone forces you . 
  nobody else has to . 
  people work to earn money . 
  it 's not some weird honor competition . 
  more . 
  work more . 
  man the fuck up . 
  you see , as soon as the cultural differences are big enough , you are n't allowed to critcize anymore . 
  come on dude , that 's far left feelgood 101 . 
  go ahead then . 
  work 14 hours a day in a society that honors working yourself to death . 
  just a matter of emotion , right ? 
  you do n't even have to move to japan . 
  man the fuck up and be a good example . 
  what ? 
  your workplace is n't man enough to even allow that ? 
  get a second job you pussy . 
  you seriously would n't want that . 
  basically , power but no responsibilty ? 
  people like you are welcome here , do n't worry mate . 
  but we 're beginning to seriously dislike the ungrateful assholes that come here . 
  you 're not one of them . 
  why do you feel the need to blatantly lie ? 
  not in europe . 
  in germany alone . 
  these lies are what making discussions with people like you unbearable right now . 
  i still have to choke a little when i hear that number . 
   selectively . 
  of course . 
  we ca n't take everyone . 
  there has to be selective criteria . 
  of course the perpetrator will be punished . 
  criticize islam , be against immigration , but quit your conspiracy bullshit . 
  d\u00fcsseldorfer do n't have to mug anyone anyway . 
  this daily shit makes it so hard to stay objective and open minded . 
  stop behaving like shit , goddammit !, 
  we are trying to do you good . 
  it 's alright , buddy . 
  nah edit : after taking a quick look in your history and finding things like this after seconds : `` the united states of america does n't kneel to islam . 
  who is this traitor ? '', 
  or this : `` you stupid germans keep fucking europe up . 
  should get rid of the lot of you . '', 
  i want to add a `` lol '', 
   you guys honestly have no idea what 's coming , and way sooner than you think . 
  not about refugees . 
  sure thing , tough guy . 
  but his comment was . 
  do you feel tough when you say moron in a discussion ? 
  how is that not propaganda ? 
  `` turn from ugly to bloody '' .
