  their culture has the same standards . 
  it 's not excusable in any way . 
  and to help potential victims we should rather increase police presence and give the women pepper spray . 
  not rewarding the potential rapists in their group ( who are the vast minority , of course , just to make that clear ) . 
  for fucks sake , i 'm a young man , i have n't had sex for almost 3 years now . 
  i do n't run around raping women . 
  what are we talking about here ? 
  you 're trivializing crime , you 're taking away the responsibilty of rapists . 
  they live here , the laws apply to them . 
  charge them with rape . 
  do n't take them to brothels just because these poor young men could n't help themselves otherwise . 
  russians have the same culture as swedes ? 
  do we share the same culture , my croatian friend ? 
  or ... or ... they could stop raping women regardless of anything else . 
  yes , they should definitely do that . 
  not having an opportunity to have sex is not an excuse to rape , what the fuck is wrong with you . 
  this still gets me . 
  i mean , that really happened . 
  they shot it down . 
  they shot down a commercial airplane . 
  and that was that . 
  a little fuss for about 10 days and that was it . 
  no international outrage . 
  it happened and everyone was like : `` huh . 
  sucks . 
  moving on . '', 
  you just rekt him ... and yourself . 
  not in german . 
  burg is castle . 
  ok , we 're doing pretty well in * comparison * . 
  but really , more than half is overweight . 
  that 's shitty , and something needs to be done . 
  we have enough problems , this does n't have to be one of them . 
  there is a famine joke in there somewhere . 
  * castle, 
  arabian gold is black . 
  this is literally the first time my brain made the connection between goud and gouda . 
  i 'm so fucking stupid . 
  you 're the one to talk . 
  or : was machst du ? 
  does the third sentence have anything to do with the first or are you just playing hate bingo ? 
  it 's not like the war over there is good vs evil . 
  it 's hard to take sides over there . 
  there are so many influences . 
  actually , the mood is in favor of assad right now . 
  merkel said she wants to include assad in the negotiations, 
  says the guy who claims to have insight into the greek mind and thinks he understood $ - politics after a visit . 
  i wonder why they did n't like you . 
  multicultural is ok as long as noone is too brown . 
   ive got insight into the greek mind now . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  hard to say . 
  a part of us was , but also a lot of us knew it was going to be huge . 
  merkel said : `` everyone from war zones is welcome . '', 
  and when they actually came they ( we , kind of ) were unprepared . 
  although we should have known for at least 2 years that it was going to be overwhelming . 
  that 's the problem i think . 
  people are overwhelmed . 
  and then the people actually came . 
  i feel so fucking embarrassed for you . 
  tell me about it . 
  i live in cologne , which is thought to be a highly probable target . 
  which is only reasonable because it 's one of the big destinations of thalys train line . 
  other destinations are , you guessed it , brussels and paris ; it 's only briefly controlled by border patrols . 
  we need to stop schengen for now . 
  call ` dips ' on property once nk inevitably falls . 
  do you live under a rock ? 
  or just in eastern europe ? 
  his bathtub . 
  about 800,000 this year alone . 
  close the borders . 
  the ones who are already here get a fair look at their asylum applications . 
  no change there . 
  i 'm not taking sides . 
  i just think that the there should be a chance to vote . 
  if the people decide that we take everyfuckingone of the middle east so be it . 
  come here , we 'll welcome you . 
  but make it a peoples decision for fucks sake . 
  ok , stop right here . 
  the people of germany never decided that `` we '' ( ? ), 
  need to confiscate buildings . 
  calm down . 
  you get lost in your ideology . 
  i was going to reply seriously until the last sentence . 
  also your edit : `` temporarily confiscation '' ... really ? 
  without any democratic basis ? 
  really ? 
  what you call decision by popular opinion in a condescending manner is actually an essential part of democracy . 
  and that has nothing to do with bund und l\u00e4nder being unable to distribute ressources . 
  they also ca n't just make buildings for housing magically appear . 
  it 's becoming really difficult . 
  our problem is not money , we 're running out of space . 
  we 're already way over capacity in many communities . 
  this is the result . 
  there is a hard time ahead of our country . 
  as much i am in favor of helping people : our government signed up for this without a democratic basis . 
  we need a volksentscheid soon . 
  we 're in way to deep and scratching the limits of our capacity . 
  not democratically legitimated . 
  kind of understandable the go a bit nuts when it 's about child rapists is n't it ?
