yay , my home city !, 
  it 's not that bad really . 
  a lot have changed in the last few years . 
  some time ago a friend of mine did a photo ... exhibition ? 
  i suppose it 's called that . 
  he caught the spirit of the city really well imo . 
  exhibition was called `` waldenburger '' as it depicted schizophrenic nature of the city - contrast between past and poverty and change with possible bright future . 
  sadly only a few pictures of it are online , here : http://ck.czarny-bor.pl/waldenburger-maciej-simm/, 
  before someone point out that people that come to europe are not immigrants . 
  think about it carefully . 
  are ' t many of those refugees immigrants ? 
  they have many , many other possible countries other than germany and sweden to stay in - they dont want to . 
  and i do n't blame them , they have been promised better life elswhere and they take enormous risk to get there , to germany for example , to their `` safe heaven '' . 
  and who would n't ? 
  that 's the problem - we are the problem , with our attitude , our `` come here , we can house everyone ! '', 
  slogans . 
  if europe , in january , or earlier , took decisive stance on the matter - like hungary for example - we would n't be in this situation . 
  right now it wo n't stop unless we take strong , united action against this . 
  do not confuse immigrants and refugees . 
  yeah , because kukiz '15 is not a populist party . 
  they have won their votes with political experience and profesionalism , right ? 
  / s besides we do n't have typical left right center parties in poland nowdays , they are a mix of everything . 
  yeah , pope francis actually had a briliant idea about that - let each catholic parish ( congregation ) take one family . 
  there are over 10 000 parishes with almost 30 000 priests in poland , and i 'm not even couting orders and nuns . 
  they have developed humanitarian organisations so with appropriate funding from goverment , or eu , they could take care of muslims . 
  and they are dispersed throughout entire country . 
  edit : spelling, 
  well , with pis ... 
  i do n't know what to think anymore . 
  because right now the goverment they are forming looks better than anything we had for the last decade . 
  but last time they were in power some unplesant things happened like all around hysteria about past ( lets interrogate everyone ! ), 
  so people are sceptic . 
  thanks for wishes man , we will try hard , 
  wait now until our new minister of defence starts a war over our plane that crashed 5 years ago ( with most of our highest goverment on board ) in katy\u0144 . 
  fun fact - it was never returned to poland . 
  never . 
  returned . 
  our . 
  country . 
  other - civilian - catastrophes are better explained than one of the most tragic event that happened in the last few decades to our country . 
  thats him btw , he looks a little crazy and he probably is . 
  but what most people forget , the man is a fucking hero , never really recognised for the things he have done for this country . 
  also he is beyond a doubt one of the most patriotic poles alive , regardless of his ... quirks . 
  this is much better said than everything i tried to put into words . 
  why the hell would we not want cheap labor force ? 
  we just do n't want that many muslims . 
  if it truly was 20k people - even 50-60k with families - it would be quite ok , because you can disperse them so they can not create communities and ghettos and asimilate and the problem will be over in 15 years when they have their families etc. 
  but we knew from the beggining that quotas are bullshit - now 12k , tommorow 22 and suddenly you have to accept tens of thousands more . 
  partially true , altough masses of unemployed poles are - in my opinion - an effect of too much ... welfare state ? 
  dunno , in polish it would be `` pa\u0144stwo opieku\u0144cze '' , dunno if that translates easily . 
  what i 'm saying is poles - especially older generations - were used that some things should be provided for them ( `` they '' should do that better , streets are dirty because `` they '' do n't care about `` us '' and so on ) because thats how previous goverments worked . 
  it also encouraged things like resourcefulness in avoiding the law in many aspects of life . 
  it 's like trying to drink alcohol in a nation that outlawed alcohol - you have to go around law carefully . 
  whole nation did just that ( not with alcohol , that was just a comparison ) with many aspects of their lives and it 's not something you just `` unlearn '' . 
  parents taught their children to live like that ( even if not directly , children learned through observation ) . 
  my point - i myself work only for three years but many poles do n't want to work because they feel like they are exploited . 
  so they work in gray area , avoid taxes and so on , which creates false unemployment rates in many regions . 
  other than that we are rather hard-working , especially single mothers . 
  i knew a few ( hell , i was raised by one ) and man - no man can work that hard for that long like single mother who love her child can , 
  hah , i simplified too much . 
  it was n't just russia or just usa , but without a doubt whole situation was created artificially by foreign powers . 
  when was the last time you were here ? 
  people from ukraine , vietnam ( who came here a long time ago ) , other countries from the east ( cast out from there by wars and conflicts ) are all welcomed here , poland just do n't boast about it all the time . 
  we have taken over half a fucking milion refugees from ukraine , over 90 thousands from kosovo over the last ten years ... and let 's not forget that poland was wrecked again and again by both germany and russia for the last century , while uk has not been invaded in what , 400 years ? 
  ( i do n't count the bombings during ww2 or internal conflicts , but nontheless their capital was not fucking razed to the ground ) . 
  you can take your misplaced shame elswhere , fucking `` few thousands refugees '' ?!, 
  in january estimates of refugees that will come to eu were what 100-150k ? 
  and now its in milions next years if nothing changes . 
  how can you reasonably expect that this is any solution - taking more immigrants ( not refugees , just people who do n't like other coutries and want a better life through emigration , even though they are safe and can lead a life where they are ) ? 
  and thanks to our wonderful democracy people like you also have a voting power in poland , even if you do n't live here , this is perfect . 
  about comparison of immigration you can read about it on about every country central statistics agency , or other sites , relying on bbc reports and dailymail wo n't get you far . 
  here is an example , read up : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/migration_and_migrant_population_statistics edit : what do you mean you `` were greeted with open arms '' ? 
  you mean if you sat in the middle of the street protesting because you do n't like english breakfast or british woman or w/e they will feed you and `` help '' you ? 
  of course not , that would be simply stupid , you were welcomed because you were valuable for the country that you went to , not because it 's some utopia . 
  i saw that more of an attack on poland for not sharing our candy . 
  i just want a debate with actual arguments , not fearmongering , hysteria and insults , i know it 's a delicate matter , but c'mon . 
  russia took some ukrainians with crimea in package , yeah . 
  and the whole ukrainian crysis is caused by them , so it 's like saying `` look - i 've robbed this store , but i have paid 1/3 of what i 've stolen back to them ! '', 
  as to other countries - well , they are of similar culture ( before you start digging into differences - much more similar and compatibile than with our culture ) . 
  and they are nearby , so there is that . 
  over the years we took many refugees and immigrants from the east without fuss , because they were of the same culture and because we did n't fear them as we do fear muslim immigrants . 
  media does n't help that fear it 's actually spreading it . 
  i am living in wroc\u0142aw and the number of people speaking ukrainian ( at least i think it 's ukrainian ) is sooooo high , especially on busses that go to factories in the south of the city . 
  and as to kurds and turkey ... 
  unhappy ? 
  what are you talking about man , have you seen the news ? 
  they are being murdered and you call this `` being unhappy '' ? 
  yeah i gues adolf was unhappy with jews too ... 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  this discussion turned into a garbage sadly , but pretty much expresses what poles are thinking ( at least educated young poles ) imo . 
  i would like to hear some arguments on why do you think that this is such a terrible thing to say - that we can not take more immigrants ( immigrants , not refugees ) because our own citizens are much more important to us and we are struggling with even that . 
  thank you , i have done that . 
  stay strong in this troubled times my friend , my heart goes out to all french people . 
  to give it some scale - 120 thousand paper cards were distributed to create french flag ( not all of them obviously made it to the crowd under stage ) . 
  allow me to rephrase my question then - which town in poland ? 
  because i 'm curious . 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  high five , mine too . 
  yeah , sounds rather great , other than the fact that , you know , i actually like people .
