  look at the americas 500 years ago and look where they are now . 
  they are not protesting against their freedom , but other people freedom . 
  in other words he is a twat . 
  you clearly have not watched the only way is essex, 
  obviously they should have voted for the guy that said that would fix the euro crisis and bring their jobs back , silly spaniards, 
  i think a problem here is that we are assuming that american movies depict an accurate version of their schools , which may not be the case . 
  you should go to the embassy , they can give you better advise . 
  i was born in peru , but i got my spanish passport because my mother was born in madrid , so i 'm sure something similar must be available to you . 
  i think it varies on the country . 
  in peru and other countries of south america that 's how you ask for it . 
  however , i 've always had a doubt regarding which tense is the best one to use . 
  is it `` puedes '' or `` podr\u00edas '' when asking for a favour ? 
  i also do n't understand how blackpool in the uk was conceived as a seaside resort . 
  i 've heard some germans go there on holidays , but is n't the water on the baltic sea cold as fuck ? 
  just a question , is it going to be the same for croatia ? 
  i must be a joke , because i can only find it on that website and on ihateryanair.com, 
  [ i think it is not a joke ] ( http://www.newsbiscuit.com/2012/04/18/ryanair-flight-left-passengers-barely-30-feet-closer-to-destination/ ), 
  i live in london and believe me your airport is still quite close to your city . 
  the article is inaccurate . 
  [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77eykdrkamw ) ( spanish only though ) shows that the lady did have the permission and i remember that the link from el pais mentioned that she actually had performed restoration on the painting before , but just the tunic , not the face . 
  i wonder why we never thought of this before, 
  [ best tweet so far ] ( https://twitter.com/juliusflywheel/status/235883615043604480 ), 
  actually is not schengen , but the eea . 
  that 's why as a spanish i can still work in the uk, 
  so how long until we all go to hell ? 
  well we both live in london and in europe , it 's not a surprise :p, 
  just visited madrid as a tourist , but the tickets you bought were the same for metro and bus ( not for trains though ) , so why should n't the monthly pass cover both ? 
  also , in london if you are using payg you do pay a fare for the tube and another for the metro . 
  also when you combine metro and train you pay more . 
  it 's # 2 only if you are going through zone 1 or zone 1-2 in off-peak hours . 
  zone 1-3 can cost you up to # 3.40 if you have to use train + tube and that is off peak, 
  it 's the same in london, 
  to be fair madrid `` zone 1 '' is way bigger than london 's zone 1 . 
  i like how in zurich `` ten minutes of the center '' is far when in london you are still in the center, 
  to be quite honest they are very similar to spanish , the only one that does n't seem to have a direct equivalent is `` cojudo '' . 
  you have to take in account that your cultures are more similar . 
  both of you come from a christian background and latin america is very western . 
  i 'm from peru and when i came to live in london i barely felt a culture clash . 
  most muslims have trouble trying to adapt to a society because the values that are the core of the western civilization like free speech look alien to them . 
  i read that from the article , but how easy is to enforce that for the border police ? 
  not sure about that , but maybe they will allow travelling to russia without needing a tourist visa . 
  it 's funny how i have to use my peruvian passport to go to moscow . 
  migrating to europe is way easier for them than going to america since europe is closer , so the type of migrant is quite different . 
  would n't this create a problem with russian people now able to move freely through the schengen area ? 
  oh ok , then that 's a given . 
  as they say in / r/polandball `` british can not into bulding houses '' . 
  all small and with terrible layouts . 
  it is also a problem that despide having 8m + habitants most people in london want to have their own house instead of a flat . 
  well yeah that 's what people told me that is very cheap , although to be honest london is not as expensive as people make it out to be . 
  the expensive things here are rents ( which are ridicously high ) and public transport . 
  going in a night out is not that much expensive unless you go to fancy places, 
  i think you are being a little bit paranoid . 
  i 'm peruvian and got my spanish passport from my mother and now i live in london and i have never had any problem because of my nationality . 
  the only offensive thing i may get from time to time is the `` how can you be so white if you are peruvian , i thought they were all short and brown '' . 
  just try to go to research well the country you are going to and usually aim for big cities since they tend to be more receptive of foreigners . 
  however , i 'm very surprised for what i 've heard of berlin . 
  i have n't been there yet , but my friends always told me it was the london of continental europe . 
  they also do it in spain and not sure about italy, 
  i wonder if they predicted the crash of 2008, 
  i live in london and i see a lot of people kissing in the two cheeks, 
  but the problem is that there is no competition at all . 
  if i want to go to the south west then the only company available is south west trains . 
  why should they be bothered to provide a good service at all even more when they have guaranteed profits from the taxpayers . 
  this is even more enraging when you consider that we have the most expensive railways in europe . 
  just as an example from south west trains which is the one i use for commuting . 
  when i take the train from clapham junction it is always delayed . 
  in the whole month not even once did the train arrive in time and sometimes ( once every two weeks ) i lost my connection on weybridge and had to wait another 30 minutes on the station for the next train . 
  when you are paying # 10.50 a day for a train ticket it 's enraging . 
  also , the trains travelling to london in the opposite direction are always overcrowded and they are taking years for expanding the trains from 8 to 10 coaches . 
  another example , today the weather is 31\u00bac in london and i was lucky enough to get one of the trains with a/c ( plenty of the commuter routes are n't ) and they had the a/c set at a minimum . 
  but the article talks about greater anglia which is a rail franchise and trains do have a/c ( at least the newer models ) . 
  i do n't know how it works in nyc , but in britain train lines are privatised , so the company that earns the franchise does not bother to provide a good service , but to squeeze all the money from the passengers and keeping costs as low as they can . 
  what is funny is that tfl ( transport for london ) reclaimed some suburban lines from london and rebranded them as the london overground and they are working way better now . 
  makes you wonder if it was a good idea to privatise british rail . 
  funny is that the germans i know have told me that whatever the swiss speak it is not german, 
  i know . 
  in the census i almost cross christian as well because it said `` which one is your religion '' ( or something similar ) since i was baptized catholic , but then i remembered that i do n't believe in god anymore and that it 's been ages since i 've been to a church , so i put `` no religion '' . 
  i suppose the same thing must be for a lot of people . 
  in fact , i remember reading that dawkins made an investigation and it turns out that just 15 % of those that consider themselves christians go to church regularly, 
   errr ... you 're suggesting that one third of london are laborers ? 
  and / or that london survives on tourists and nothing else ? 
  no , in your post you said that people that migrate to work can be provided locally . 
  i 'm pointing you out that a third of the people living ( not tourists ) in london are foreigners who are actually immigrants . 
  if they were n't there london would n't be able to work as it does today and considering the huge percentage of the uk gdp that comes out of it you can say that immigrants that provide labor are also very important to the economy . 
  but you are still building this huge church that is going to cost several millions of euros, 
  oh really ? 
  that 's why almost one third of london population is foreign born i suppose . 
  we are surely stealing your people jobs . 
  it has nothing to do with the fact that the uk can not provide all the labor that it needs . 
  it 's the same thing in the uk and i think the proportion of non-believers in britain is quite high too, 
  i think this is too obvious . 
  however , the countries that produce oil are always reducing their output to make the price go up , so i do n't know how this will help . 
  however , i do remember reading an article about how some people suspect that the same is happening with food . 
  i would n't consider them `` major religions '' . 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germany#religion ) just 5 % of the population is muslim and 0.3 % is jewish . 
  probably ? 
  he is r/europe official troll, 
  i think the catholic church has its own income , they own loads of lands in many countries, 
  i think you used the wrong projection for this, 
  the point is that the line that goes from birmingham to london suffers from overcrowding and each year is getting worse .
