  that would have made life so much easier . 
  as someone who speak spanish that is something i will never understand about english . 
   you could ask ` why eastern europe is so against homosexuals ' . 
  czech republic does n't seem to be that homophobic and civil unions are legal in hungary . 
  iirc despite religion being banned in communist russia , being gay was still illegal . 
  i know , that 's why i usually do n't talk about it . 
  they seem to be very offended when we suggest that america for us is just one continent . 
   on that note argentinians would also be american as they are part of south america . 
  this is a bit ignorant . 
  everyone in latin america calls themselves american and are pissed about the fact that people from the united states call themselves like that . 
  it has to do with the fact that in latin countries north america and south america are considered the same continent called america . 
   i assure you that i have met people with indecipherable accents yes i 've also been to scotland, 
  another difference is that unlike muslim immigrants , chinese immigrants do n't tend to clash with the local culture . 
  artur mas is from a centre-right party . 
   now , if you ca n't `` realistically argue '' that the type of limited , figurehead-style monarchies we see today are harmful , i 'm a little confused why you want to donate money trying to abolish them ? 
  they are not as harmless as you think or have you forgot about [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/jul/09/prince-charles-letters-mps-private-court ) . 
  free movement . 
  i was born in per\u00fa , but since my mother is from spain that makes me also an spanish citizen . 
  as someone who works in it it was painless for me to come to london where the market is big and start a new life here . 
  more than half of the comments seem to be reasonable and by that i mean on the same level than / r/unitedkingdom, 
  why is the telegraph comment section so dire ? 
  i thought it was supposed to be the right wing equivalent of the guardian , but those comments are even worse than the daily mail . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i 'm not an economics expert . 
  how does raising the interest rate will increase the general purchasing power of the public ? 
  he looks so ronery, 
  he may not have closed radio stations , but has closed newspapers . 
  and the only thing you can say to him is `` i 'm sorry , but smoking is not allowed '' ( but only once ) . 
  besides `` inglaterra '' sounds much better than `` reino unido '' . 
   there was even a great moment on c4 news when a women advocating segregation got smacked down by the presenter . 
  do you have a video of that ? 
  an article about france going downhill in the telegraph ? 
  quelle surprise !, 
  i just wish we could have a better source than the sun and the daily mail . 
  i think this applies to all romance languages . 
  it 's the same in portuguese . 
  the lisp thing is what the anglophones say . 
  at least in per\u00fa nobody mentions it . 
  we just found it a little bit funny sometimes although it 's mostly because of the words that are particular to spain and we do n't use . 
  in my case i actually find it very sexy . 
  also , brasilian portuguese is way easier for us . 
   portuguese speaker learns a new language he/she has little to no trouble in pronunciation i 'm sorry , but the accent my brazilians friends tend to have when they speak english is not the best i 've heard . 
  i still find it funny when they pronounce `` stockwell '' as `` estoquehueli '' . 
  maybe is different with people who are from portugal . 
  in south america it 's actually `` chau '' . 
  v and b used to have a different sounds , but nowadays most spanish speakers can not distinguish between them . 
  in latin america the same has happened with the ( c/z - s ) and ( y - ll ) . 
   wow , i did n't know that there were such large differences between the original spanish and its south american version . 
  it 's not that different . 
  i 'm originally from peru and live in london and i can understand any variation of spanish with ease . 
  i suppose that it is because once you get out of zone 3 the public transport coverage is not as good ( although it is still great for a city that big ) . 
  london is very sprawled and big compared to many european cities . 
  you have to get a ni if you want to get a job . 
  also , you still do n't answer how you know that 75 % of the immigrants on the uk are illegal , which is pointless to the article since it talks about eu migration . 
  and how do you know only 25 % of the immigrants have ni ? 
  are you implying 75 % of the immigrants of the uk are illegal ? 
  most migrants to the uk come from outside the eu , so i do n't know why are they making such a fuss about this . 
  but that did n't happen in spain . 
  the banks that have repossessed the houses do n't want to sell them at a lower price because that would appear as a loss . 
  as long as they keep the houses , even if they do n't sell them , it will look good on their books . 
  why are the comments of the telegraph so horrible ? 
  which game is that ? 
  as far as i know before the oil was discovered they were seen as the poor guys from scandinavia . 
  at least that 's what i 've learnt from / r/polandball, 
  if ukraine gdp is 175 billion usd how can they lose 300 billion eur ? 
  yes i ca n't still see the logic behind this one . 
  sounds like the plot of a czech gay porn movie, 
  have you ever been to a favela ? 
  also , [ this does n't happen in tower hamlets ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/helmetcam-captures-moment-thief-steals-brazilian-mans-motorbike--and-is-immediately-shot-by-undercover-police-8878738.html ) . 
  have you ever been to the third world ? 
  half-peruvian here born in lima . 
  is n't this a little bit outdated since now there are 28 members ? 
  but grindr is still blocked, 
  i know , that 's why is that i find the whole idea silly . 
  lunch breaks wo n't get shorter and people will not stop working overtime just because the whole country changes its timezone . 
  i just do n't understand this , they are trying to do the opposite in the uk . 
  hmm this is weird . 
  i just remember my flatmate ( peruvian ) and one of my best friends ( australian ) could n't get any appointments for their permanent stay visa in the croydon office , so they had to go to another city . 
  have n't used to system myself so it 's hard for me to help you with that . 
  all my friends ( not rumanians or bulgarians ) have never been able to get an appointment on the croydon office . 
  try outside of london . 
  my flatmate got his at solihull . 
  i also remember they were trying to investigate why people did n't vote for russia and how that caused a political impasse between the two countries . 
  they are very serious about eurovision, 
  you just dont get it . 
  they are not a writing system . 
  they are just numbers . 
  if you came across a `` 4 '' it does n't mean anything if there is not a context . 
  nice try presseurop, 
  quipus are not a writing language , it 's just a way of keeping records . 
   it 's not a coincidence that we have so little information on native mesoamerican cultures : their shit was torched by spanish soldiers , the priests killed , the gold melted . 
  erm ... we actually know about them . 
  against popular belief the spanish did n't start to kill everyone when they arrived , most of the deaths were caused by the diseases brought from the new world . 
  in fact , once of the reason they managed to conquer the incas was because of the alliances they made with other tribes that were against them . 
  i 'm half-peruvian and i can tell you we do know a lot about the civilizations that existed before the spanish arrived . 
  oh yes , the gay agenda : 1 . 
  equal marriage 2 . 
  add kylie to national curriculum 3 . 
  convert your boyfriend 4 . 
  world domination 5 .
