  brazilian portuguese is way easier to understand . 
  `` at least we finish our airports '' ^ ^ ^ does n't ^ ^ ^ matter ^ ^ ^ if ^ ^ ^ nobody ^ ^ ^ uses ^ ^ ^ them, 
  they installed the smoke extractors on the floor , did n't they ? 
  should have hired spanish contractors , we are very good at making airports . 
  do they always forecast the worse winter in years like the daily express ? 
  here is [ another image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7rsefyy.png ) . 
  never trust a french !, 
  worked like a charm !, 
  spain is different !, 
  she could at least have tried to soften the blow of brexit instead of going for the hardest brexit possible . 
  she seems to be the brexit equivalent of a born again christian . 
  l\u00e9rida stronk ? 
  would be more useful if it had cities instead of countries . 
  it is . 
  i 'm sure leaving the eu will help with that . 
  the problem is that it is hard to know where they came from , so that makes them difficult to deport . 
  edit : ca n't believe i 'm being downvoted for stating and obvious fact . 
  / r/mapswithoutnz, 
  that is what some historians say , but many disagree . 
  i do not know how valid is the black legend at this point , but i am reading [ this book ] ( https://www.amazon.es/imperiofobia-leyenda-negra-biblioteca-ensayo/dp/8416854238 ) and you can clearly see that the spanish legend did exist . 
  also , recently there was a post in this forum about what do people google about countries . 
  when it came to spain you could see people asking why spain was so poor even though we have a high gdp per capita . 
  the impression of spain being a backward country is still in the mind of many people . 
  meh , they are cigarettes from gib anyway !, 
  also , the new line ( l9 ) has costed way more than what was originally expected and it is not even finished . 
  so it is quite rich to blame it on madrid . 
  does anyone know if forocoches is involved in this ? 
  well they are in eurovision too !, 
  you 're gon na rustle some jimmies in / r/circlebroke, 
  japan pay your debts, 
  ca n't open the article for some reason . 
  however , there is something i do n't understand with that statement . 
  i thought that eu citizens could not travel to russia without a visa , so what kind of retaliation is russia talking about ? 
  i actually think the `` yawn '' factor is important . 
  say what you want about london , but i love living in a city that feels so alive and where there is always something interesting going on regardless of what you like . 
   btw , is your username related to this ? 
  yes, 
  in defence of the spanish speakers i have to say that `` inglaterra '' sounds very cool while `` reino unido '' is very plain . 
  but i do understand how you feel about it . 
  a lot of people say they are catholics , but they actually do not go to church or believe many of the dogmas of catholicism, 
  that has not affected france at all . 
  as far as i know there are more people visiting versailles than any british royal attraction . 
  in addition , the royal attractions are not the most visited ones by london tourists . 
  but i think they do not elect a prime minister , it is appointed by the president . 
  i think you forgot the link to the pdf or my english comprehension is terrible today, 
  btw where is that list that mention that in the top 20 the only royal attraction is windsor castle at # 17 ? 
  the website mentions it , but it does not give a link to it . 
  [ it is not sarcasm ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/12xmks/ruk_would_you_support_the_abolution_of_our/ ) , many of them are convinced that people visit the uk just because there is a queen living there . 
  have you even read the news properly ? 
  the attack did n't occur inside the club , it was outside . 
  someone went to have a cigarette in the smoking area and then this guys appeared with pepper spray . 
  you do not know if they were outnumbered or not . 
  but those problems are present in many european countries . 
  i live in the uk where some people feel they are constantly invaded by immigrants and that london is not a british city any more . 
  islamophobia is also present here . 
  i 've always heard this , but nobody has explained it to me . 
  why is sweden far from being the great country we all hear about ? 
  looks like a normal day in the uk, 
  it did n't happen in all of them , just in some . 
  obviously i had to contain my anger to avoid shouting ** this would never happen in britain !!!, 
  i was surprised in brussels and amsterdam when i had to actually pay for using the toilet in a pub where i was despite i was a customer there . 
  the situation described in this article is scary . 
  may any greek redditor tell us how accurate is the guardian being here ? 
  they tend to blow things out of proportion sometimes . 
  living in britain i think it is because they are very paranoid with people migrating to the uk due to weak controls in countries that are at the border of the schengen area . 
  it 's a pity because i have a lot of friends from south america who never visit me because they can get the schengen tourist visa , but getting the tourist visa for the uk seems to be a pain in the ass . 
  the comments are hilarious  the frogs voted in a communist . 
  what did they expect ? 
  america will be facing just this sort of decline if our minority president gets back in . 
  communism does n't work . 
  shame on the french . 
  and shame on americans who do n't know what communism is and vote for obama . 
  how accurate is this documentary according to the redditors that live in the balkans ? 
  well to be honest that guy that used to say `` xxx pay your taxes '' was using racial slurs many times and it took a while for moderators to ban him ( which i think they did because he has not been around in a while ), 
  great lets live all ruled by tyrants . 
  if everyone had the same fucked up logic than you we would n't have any of the rights we have now . 
  i for once am glad that i live in a country where the state is actually going to protect my rights . 
  yes because it is their duty to prevent those deaths . 
  if the state can not protect its citizens then what 's the point of its existence ? 
  better let the extremists take over the whole country and make their own laws . 
  oh and btw nice hyperbole , no manifestation is going to kill 10 million people or the whole human race . 
  yes they should , otherwise extremists will be the ones dictating the law , not the state . 
  it would be like those persons that say that rape is the victims fault for using provocative clothes . 
  yes , you have compared gay to nazis and racists and put ourselves in the same category . 
  they are not `` minorities '' , you are not born nazi or racist . 
  the reason why i told you they should n't be protected is because in most european countries nazis and racists are against the law . 
  if they are not against the law in your country then it is ok for the government to protect them . 
  the english defence league , which are a bunch of closet-racist people have done many demonstrations in the uk and the police has also offered protection to them . 
   additionally , in my example , as i have specifically noted , the nazis would not do anything to provoke anyone . 
  in my example they would simply keep their mouth shut and walk that 1km line down the street . 
  i love how `` being gay '' is a provocation, 
  it is very insulting that you are comparing gays to nazis and white supremacists . 
  as far as i know gays have not committed the atrocities of those groups or advocate against other people rights . 
  the only thing they want is to be able to live their life as any other law-abiding citizen . 
  the government has to protect them because is their duty to protect its citizen . 
  on the other hand allowing hate speech demonstration in the public space is against the law in many countries ( i do n't know how is this issue in the balkans ) and it can not be tolerated . 
  i take you 've never heard about this thing called hate speech and the laws about it in many european countries, 
  so in your eyes homosexuals are the same than nazis , racists and white supremacists ... you left me speechless, 
   `` but allah only tests those he loves , '' says reyhana i ca n't believe people eat that crap, 
  yes , but they are on direct influence of a more advanced culture .
