   do n't like it if you talk spanish to them that 's not true . 
  i was in lisbon last year and even though i speak portuguese , i could have survived just with spanish . 
  the worst part was that i would speak to them in portuguese , but since they have already heard my friends talking they would answer me in spanish and the conversation would turn into a `` portu\u00f1ol '' mess . 
  obviously , they 're about to use their 2nd amendment due to the government engaging tyranny against the people !, 
  are the beaches crowded though ? 
  also are they easy to reach if you do n't rent a car ? 
  for me as well , if it is a small street and no cars on sight i do n't get why i should n't be able to cross . 
  the cities were made for people , not for cars . 
  i 'm sure the caixas can lend them some money, 
  are you aware of who caused the current crisis in spain ? 
  no , i feel the same about you considering that you used to be virgin mary 's vacation place, 
  well spain and france have gay marriage to start with . 
  in fact spain has it since 8 years ago . 
  but look at spain , we went from being the `` most catholic country in the world '' to be one of the firsts to legalize gay marriage, 
  united kingdom is best kingdom, 
  did n't know the situation in italy was so dire, 
  the new testament [ does talk about homosexuality ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_bible_and_homosexuality#romans_1 ), 
  i did n't like it , it felt a little bit silly . 
  although i like the song it 's just a dance record with meaningless lyrics , so it kinda felt like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prmyfvch2ua ) . 
  also , my favorite act this year ( slovenia ) got eliminated on the semi finals :(, 
  i think the [ kyle of lochalsh line ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kyle_of_lochalsh_line ) is supposed to be the most scenic one from britain, 
  i never liked how the purple looks in the flag , though . 
  37 % of london is foreign born according to the [ 2011 census ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-20677515 ), 
   the north is always richer . 
  tell that to the uk . 
  i thought that it was a well known fact that the regions closer to switzerland are always the richest ones, 
  deal with it, 
  wrong kind of leaves is still used as an excuse by the private sector . 
  in fact i remember south west trains cancelling their trains services preemptively because `` it may snow '' . 
  and by snow i mean 1 inch of snow . 
  is there any reason why is there a poor coverage of germany and no austria at all ? 
  i 'm sure the city of london will be very happy about this, 
  but were they causing cancer ? 
  [ they can be quite dangerous ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dtl-8dyihy ), 
  i thought that was the city of london, 
  jesus did n't , but [ paul did ] ( http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=romans%201:26-27&amp;version=niv ), 
  it 's also in other parts of the bible like the new testament, 
  this is the reason why . 
  if the electrification on the south were done using overhead lines instead of 3rd rail the problems would n't be so severe . 
  this also applies to south west trains, 
  live in london , one inch of snow is all it takes, 
  like it or not is one of the most read newspapers on the uk , so what what they write in their page is going to influence the opinion of many people, 
  the funny thing about the one in / r/worldnews is that most people who complain about it do not even seem to live in london . 
  funny thing is that the one in / r/london was actually quite civil, 
  because you are using that to back up your argument , if you can not provide figures for that then your whole point is rendered void, 
   getting out of one 's circles , getting to know different kinds of people , doing all sorts of unusual kinds is maybe for 1 migrant out of 10 . 
  the other 9 including myself would just like his hometown but with western salaries . 
  could you please provide a link backing up your statistics ? 
  the fact is that the uk is not turning into a muslim nation , but an atheist one . 
   i have never undestood what makes london so `` cool '' . 
  maybe the fact that there is always something to do regardless of what you like ? 
  the fact that you are not stuck with the same kind of people ? 
  the fact that you get to know people from different cultures and learn from them ? 
  it 's not hard to see why people like to live here . 
  as i said before it is not the best place to raise a family , but for single people it 's great, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  muslims do n't even reach 5 % of the uk population and the fastest growth in a religious group according to the last census are people with no religion . 
  the reason is because housing is so expensive that it does n't make sense to raise a family in central london , so they go away . 
  also , most immigrants i met ( like myself ) arrive alone at this country , so it is easy to have a flatshare and we do n't need as much space or the same amenities than a family would need . 
  i live in a quite central area ( waterloo ) and i do n't feel the city is invaded , it is just different than the rest of the uk and londoners like it that way . 
  it 's for a reason that some londoners joke that the m25 is the edge of the world . 
  finally , while white british are less than 50 % , when you take in consideration the `` other white '' category then you would see that white people are still the majority in london . 
  peruvian and spanish citizenship . 
  the only advantage i get from the peruvian one i get is that i can travel to russia without needing a visa i think . 
  what about [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rr31dbwnuzk ) one ? 
  by madrid he means hitler, 
  and you are right , i 'm half peruvian and i can tell you that there were many people here who did n't want independence , but the viceroyalty of peru always represented a threat to the independence of other viceroyalties in south america, 
  i live in london and i do know what a bad train service is . 
  one day i almost get stuck in my office because according to south west trains 0\u00bac and no snow is `` harsh weather '' and they stopped running trains . 
  hopefully a co worker could gave me a ride to a tube station and i managed to arrive home . 
  in addition , they cost way more than what they do in spain . 
  i thought dubrovnik was infested by tourists during the summer, 
  the passive-aggressive kingdom of great britain and northern ireland, 
  spanish is also very consistent , although being a native speaker maybe i should n't be making that judgement . 
   to put it simply , english is easy to learn , but hard to master . 
  you can probably say the same about any language . 
  the only hard thing about english is how fucked up are its pronunciation rules, 
  that 's where i got the idea from, 
  i was under the impression that you guys wanted to get rid of it, 
  i 'm gay and i also do n't get the saunas one . 
  there are a fair amount of saunas in london , but they are shit . 
  i do n't understand the one about the uk and does xxl refers to the club in london ? 
  yes i did read it , the point i 'm trying to make is that the bbc and many other news outlets are putting the `` christian wins religious discrimination case against echr '' on the headline instead of saying that actually it was just one of the four cases of religious discrimination that was won against the uk . 
  it 's funny how the newspapers are not reporting as much the fact that the other 3 christians did n't win their case . 
  do you think that the french will be able to repel the rebels once they get help or will this only get worse and we will end with a terrorist state very close to europe ? 
  this looks ugly . 
  i remember reading about it some months ago and it seems to be escalating quickly . 
  we already pay a lot for our trains and the service is still shit . 
  it 's been like that for the past 10 years . 
  i am not against investment , but it 's obvious that there is a very serious operational problem in how the railways of britain are being run . 
  how long would that tunnel be ? 
  it looks like it would be way longer than the eurotunnel, 
  and what type of country are you looking for because even though this is europe is not the same living in london than in some small village on the countryside . 
  alas , for it i think the best place in europe is still london . 
  just out of curiosity where in england are you from ? 
  i think that regarding hate speech the big offender is the uk where you can go to jail just by posting something offensive in twitter, 
  i know how you feel . 
  i also had to leave my country to get a better paid job as a software developer . 
  it will be hard specially at the beginning until you get used to it . 
  after that it depends on how you like the country , but in my case london is a very international city ( 36 % are foreign born ) and the culture is very similar to spain , so you will be fine .
