  you misread the map , it is about the changes of unemployment rate . 
  in italy , i believe it went from very bad in 2008 to terrible in 2011 ( probably through 2013 ) . . 
  while france and uk went from not-that-bad to very bad in three years . 
  long time ago , the venetians were very obsessed with it . 
  now , a tax haven , and russians love to put their money there . 
  the slovenes are quite concerned of what have been happening down there will be a direct reference of what would happen to slovenia when it is the time to ask a bailout . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  while the metro extensive access is great , but moving between different lines can be frustrating for paris non-inhabitants ( visitors and tourists ) , there several other cities that excel better than paris . 
  and beside metro , i can mention lots of other cities that better integrate their bus and tram lines with their metro network . 
  just my opinion . 
  nope , from sectors such as construction and blue-collar jobs , and mostly from ex-yugoslavian countries . . 
  the tourism is not their main piece of cakes , except in smaller states such as tyrol and voralberg . 
  the capital vienna is also full of finance and service industry . 
  . . with dragons and shit !, 
  not stupid . 
  usually you just fell asleep when nursing , because you wake up 5 times in the last 3 hours . 
  probably , but let me know how it works for you on your first weeks having your first kid . 
  one minute , the defense minister browsing in amazon . . 
  looked under `` what other items do customers buy after viewing this item ? '' . . 
  one minute later , `` i 've made a huge mistake '', 
  i think they wo n't need to change it . . slovenia has pr\u0161ut , too . 
  unless you want to market them as prosciutto di parma , etc. , then you can not . 
  pr\u0161ut is generic cured meat in slovene/croatian . 
  we 're so small that we do n't want to share names with the neighbor . . 
  i 'm looking at you , austria , krainer sausage is slovene !, 
  just kidding , i 'm not even a real slovenian . 
  til i and the young hitler frequent the same caf\u00e9 . 
  edit : am i a danger to future world ? 
  i only come there for their cakes . 
  civil and guerilla war that is . 
  if the wars are fought by professional armies , the access to firearms are not so easy . 
  you 'll be surprised on how many languages that use ` england ' as the name of the country ( uk ) . 
  even in slavic , germany name translates to ` the mute ( ones ) ' . 
  in the old days , people just name other countries whatever they want . 
  i 'm not a native slovene speaker , but thank you for giving me a new word to learn today !, 
  well , it may sounds cliche . . but i 'd suggest to pick one adriatic island , perhaps in croatia . 
  rent a decent apartment for a week or two not far from the sea . 
  if you got bored , then move to the mainland . 
  i always heard balkan states are nice and cheap , but not sure if it 's comfortable to explore with a baby . 
  anyway , slovenia is really small country , but could offer you various stuffs ( from warm coast , to the alps , from majestic karst caves , to beautiful white horse breed , from lakes to crystal clear rivers ) , all within more or less 1 hour of driving . 
  really nice in summer , not so many tourists , but you would need a car to travel around . 
  the public transport here is rather infrequent . . plus . . great cities like venice , vienna and munich are just a few hours away . 
  edit just to add . . slovenian nature is pretty much similar like new zealands ' . . well i do n't know if this would be a plus or the opposite . 
  sausages and beers . . ok seriously , i moved here when jobs are plentiful . . now , feels like a rather distant memory . 
  yeah in if you do map with flags , most of the time the flag would cover our small country entirely . 
  naaa . . involvement of austria usually escalates stuffs into to great wars . 
  as a non-eu immigrant myself , i 'm surprised how much allowance the french government give to the immigrants . 
  on the other hand , i 'm working , so i 'm paying taxes ( heavily ) . 
  is someone here can confirm the numbers ? 
  if they 're correct , i could just take eu citizenship and then earn more by doing nothing in france than working my ass off here . 
  anyway , it 's good that the french government do this . 
  the can put their money in way more reasonable programs . 
  damn . . no one here warned me how bitter the video is . 
  especially the ending . 
  anyway , somewhat unrelated . . today i was waiting for the bus on the bus stop on [ 0:55 ] ( http://youtu.be/5nhszecqmq0?t=54s ) . 
  it 's near hundertwasserhaus vienna . 
  the coincidence is killing me . 
  i 'm not familiar with the us . 
  but here , when you want to open a business , first you need to have the relevant skill or education and/or capital . 
  you will need to pay hefty tax , health insurance , retirement fund , etc every month , even if you do n't make profit . 
  and then , you will get inspection visits once or twice in every couple of years . 
  ofcourse they will definitely find something wrong with your practice and slap you a penalty to pay . 
  this can range from * only * hundreds of euro to something that would rather bankrupt you . 
  i do n't think the current system will go well for the migrants . 
  sorry , i also could n't find a source , you 're probably right . . and it sounded like a bullshit fact that someone just put out of his/her ass anyway . 
  it 's my third choice . 
  uh , cheap and fast internet , why not ? 
  disclaimer : i live in slovenia . 
  anyway , after a thoroughly look at the other options , my first choice would still be slovenia . 
  however , recession hit it hard since 2009 and unemployment level is still somewhat high , especially in youth . 
  salary level went down , too , if you 're in public or blue collar jobs ( and of course also true to student and part-time jobs ) . 
  it may look like fancy among the eastern european countries , but look a few km to the west or north ( north italy or austria ) you can already see the differences in the level of development . 
  slovenia used to be a model country in economic and social development of ex-communist country , but personally i think it 's not anymore . 
  it had became stagnant in the last few years . 
  hopefully it would be better . 
  export is on the rise ( again ) . 
  it is the most important economic sector . 
  i read somewhere that slovenia is the only european country that has a trade surplus with germany since 2014 . 
  considering how behemoth german exports is , that 's quite an achievement actually . 
  what ? 
  have you [ already forgot about eurovision ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/361n2j/estonia_included_in_the_nordic_category_of/ ) ?? 
  it was finally official !, 
  they still need to amass diplomatic power points to reuse their special `` protect russian minorities '' cb after crimea . 
  had an old german friend came to visit us back in april . 
  he contacted us in ** july 2014 ** asking : `` hey , fbass , are you gon na be busy on april 25th 2015 between 16:30 to 17:30 ? 
  or you rather meet later after 19:00 ? 
  please let me know so i can arrange my schedule with the rental car !, 
  ca n't wait to see you guys again !, 
  i do n't even know where would i go to lunch tomorrow . . 
  yeah i thought the last paragraph about slovene/austrian would ends with : funny how many were slovenes confident with their croatian , they just sound too funny and you barely understand them . 
  edit missed a word, 
  checking the first paragraph [ of this wiki page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_morocco ) already deny your blatant statement . 
  racist much ? 
  you know you 're doing something really terrible when even nazi had to criticized and worried that you were too violent in your holocaust . 
  joke aside . 
  more people needs to know the atrocities in yugoslavia during axis occupation and its croatian puppet government . 
  it will also lead to better understanding on its inter-ethnic relation and yugoslavian/balkan war in the 1990s . 
   it shows yugoslavia , a lot of people forget that they lost so many people through the resistance . 
  more unfotunately , many of the killings were done by their own countrymen . 
   the wide cultural differences between west and east still exist that is a really subjective statement i must say , and a relic of the cold war nonetheless .
