  [ i think it 's one part of this amazing video ] ( http://vimeo.com/32355398 ) . 
  wow , thanks !, 
  i 've been looking for the name of this graphic novel for ages !, 
  once it popped into a conversation with my co-worker . 
  he told me to get the book , yet he forgot its title . 
  to amazon shall i !, 
   a january caricature of the bible 's three wise men features a black wise man who has to collect camel manure . 
  august , meanwhile , features a suicide bomber and a police man who tells the terrorist : `` hurry up and blow yourself up !, 
  i have other things to do today ! '', 
  sounds like they 're only mildly racist , but tasteless and not funny . 
  disclaimer : i 'm not a slovene , but have been living in slovenia for years . 
  in general , the slovenians do n't eat their traditional foods . 
  they even hardly know what their traditional foods are !, 
  for slovenians reading this , i challenge you to name other traditional foods beside jota , potica and pr\u0161ut !, 
  do n't cheat !, 
  you 're doing very well if you can at least name five . 
  let me rephrase the question : i 'm a non-eu country citizen , but a permanent resident of slovenia . 
  the only thing i can vote is mayor of my town . 
  can i still write to slovenian meps ? 
  i live in an eu country , but not a citizen . 
  therefore , i could n't vote or have a mep . 
  what can i actually do ? 
  tell me how you escaped the other 40 % of the time !, 
  i always believed that as a country whose debt worth 79 % of its gdp , germany is way too confident on its economy during this recession . 
  not really . 
  here in ljubljana ( slovenia ) , the rents are similar or maybe just slightly lower than in many german big cities . 
  but we have roughly 1/3 -1 / 4 of average salary and disposable income of average germans . 
  stop suggesting that your rent is high . 
  very insightful site . 
  i wish that the data are more up-to-date . 
  yes . 
  in slovenia is probably more apparent than western europe . 
  especially in the last 6 months . 
  i lost my job last month , since my company had to suspended and cancelled around 70-80 % of their projects . 
  and getting a new job is very very tough now . 
  ` experts ' predict that within next few years , slovenia would lose its status as the most prosperous ex-communist country . 
  it would take more than 10 years for slovenia to be able to return to the condition before the crisis . 
  you do n't have to be an economist to realize that things have started to get very shitty here . 
  anyway , many slovenes think that these referendums were inefficient way to run the country . 
  they 're not cheap and counter-productive in several occasions . 
  also , the public confident in government is in all-time low . 
  fyi in its short history , slovenia had referendums in 1990 , 1999 , 2001 , jan 2003 , mar 2003 , 2004 , 2008 , jun 2010 , dec 2010 and jun 2011 . 
  from my experience , november and february are the two worst months regarding the weather . 
  expect some rainy ( even snowy ) days in november . 
  but worry not , always have plan b ; stay indoor ( museums , pubs ) and bring a lot of socks . 
  btw if i may ask your mean of transportation . 
  are you gon na travel by trains or bus ? 
  next year i might want to do train trips to those 4 cities , plus budapest . 
  so , allow me to steal your itinerary . 
   . . assume it 's the muslims until it starts to look like it is n't -- at which point , continue to assume it 's them anyway . 
  this is what our media become . 
  even if you do n't read fox or sun , it scares me that how many millions of their viewer would believe whatever they say , because they 're continuing to feed them with things * they wanted * to believe . 
  as much as i 'm curious on where slovenia might be , but i 'm more interested to know how bad is the youth unemployment in bosnia , montenegro , serbia , etc. 
  i know that it 's bad , but no idea how . 
  second question : how tourism help croatian youth ? 
  tourism , at least in summer , should create lots of jobs . 
  should wait a serb redditor to comment . 
  i live in slovenia . 
  and here , though he 's almost all the time in the news headlines , general public do n't give a fuck . 
  i have a feeling he was doing this to get dramatic and showed his supporters that he has balls . 
  what a terrible decision . 
  it wo n't get him any better position in the court . 
  so , i 'm curious . . is greece part of balkan to you ? 
  i personally do n't like the non-geographical concept of entity ( state of mind ? 
  ) , it makes things ambiguous . 
  for example , where is europe ? 
  is turkey , israel , kazakhstan all part of europe ? 
  is morocco and libya part of middle east ? 
  some people really consider them that way . 
  but i say , let 's keep these things as geographical as possible . 
  anyway when you make comparisons , slovenia 's culture is closer to germanic than balkan . 
  i do n't really care if anyone say slovenia and slavonia are part of balkan , but for me , he/she might sound ignorant . 
  i 'm not a environmental engineer . 
  however , i believe that of all possible human interferences to the planet , tunnels are one of the least harmful . 
  beside tunnel entrances and some ventilation and evacuation access here and there , what are the * environmental hazards * a tunnel can cause ? 
  pardon my ignorance , i hope someone here can enlighten me . 
  disaster ? 
  maybe . 
  impossible ? 
  not really . 
  i was born in [ a country which has at least three times the number of ethnic groups and 20 times the number of languages than the whole europe combined ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_indonesia ) . 
  it 's true that conflicts and disintegration sometimes are unavoidable , but such diversity can exists in a single country . 
  fellow ljubljanec here . 
  yes , do visit ljubljana , especially if you want to chill and escape the summer tourist crowds . 
  though the number is small , but i 'm sure you will find many locals that appreciates your music . 
  me neither . 
  then again , i only live here , am not a slovenian . 
  mind you , slovenia has only 43 km of coast , so it is kind of big deal ( for them ) . 
  say if you just happened to detour to [ ljubljana ] ( http://wikitravel.org/en/ljubljana ) , please message me and i 'll buy you our best beer . 
  then someday , i can tell my kids a story about the day i met a reddit celebrity . 
  good luck croatia !, 
  for better and for worse . 
  so hungary gives an ok , yet i hope the [ border dispute between slovenia and croatia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatia%e2%80%93slovenia_border_disputes ) would n't stop you from joining eu this time . 
   i think france stood out as the only country during the eurovision song contest ( sorry ! ), 
  which did n't announce the points in english and did you realized how awkward that was ? 
  sir , you left me intrigued . 
  i will set myself a voyage to foreign lands to experience this delicacy . 
  thank you . 
  we called them krof here in slovenia . 
  today i only managed to have two .
