  take some example , greece is culturally closer to bulgaria , fyr macedonia and cyprus than any of other `` western '' europe in the list . 
  same with austria , which culture is more similar ( though the language difference ) to countries such as czech and slovenia , than germany ( except bavaria ) or italy ( exception of south tyrol ) , though similar like switzerland . 
  all aboard the train to ... erm . . 
  a relevant case point : obama 's statue in indonesia a few years ago : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/barackobama/7242791/barack-obama-statue-removed-from-jakarta-park-after-protests.html, 
  are you saying that slovenia is among the west now ? 
  what a glorious day !, 
  i do n't know . 
  in 9/11 the hijackers were only armed with pocket knives and paper cutters i think . 
  they managed to incapacitate the pilots with the simple weapons . 
  but to control , let alone to execute 100 + passengers with paper cutters is very unlikely . 
  i just came from the grocery store and supposed to start cooking lunch , but i opened reddit instead . 
  [ i still have this thing on my lap !, 
  it will be glorious !, 
  grew up in indonesia , which is about 10k km away . . we have * masuk angin * , which translates to '' ( got one 's body ) entered by winds/draft '' . . 
  speak for yourself then . 
  i also like to take the 1 minute challenge , but for me it 's more fun exploring the area , following the path until i get that one clue of where i am , then point where exactly the starting point on the map !, 
  people play games differently . . 
  if my guess is more than 100 meter away , i feel myself failed . . 
  i would spent hours to point the exact location in google maps . 
  when people talks about germany , they often forgets about their great artists and thinkers from the past . 
  from bach , beethoven , wagner to luther , nietzsche , goethe , kant . . to name the few . 
  germany is a a great nation with such low self esteem from the guilt of wwii . 
  do they have some sort of trash-can-bombing festivals in prague ? 
  because that would be awesome to watch . . 
  yeah , i thought we managed to quarantined them in / r/european, 
  i do n't know about the fingerprints , [ but they found a same passport with different photo in serbia ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/serbian-police-arrest-man-carrying-syrian-passport-with-exact-same-details-as-document-found-on-a6736471.html ) , so most likely the passport was fake . . 
  this probably does n't mean anything . . 
  for foreigners , it 's an acquired taste . . but after you dip your second \u010devap\u010di\u010di in it , you will feel that there 's not enough ajvar !, 
  i do n't think that 's how it works . . weak pounds mean good for export but more expensive to import . 
  the problem is uk currently imports more than it 's exporting . 
  now kith . . 
  they 're saying like they can afford it , croat drivers even rather go on mountain dirt roads just to avoid paying vignettes in slovenia !, 
  1/4 of slovenia is the alps and 3/4 are hills , a small population . . what 's so surprising about it actually ? 
  yeah , otherwise tiny countries like malta would n't never been in the eu . 
  i flew with ryan air , vueling and easyjet numerous times . 
  why ? 
  the price , of course . 
  most flights are 1-2 hours , plus 1 hour checking-in and boarding . . 
  so , it 's like maximum 3 hours of inconvenience , but i can save hundreds of euro . 
  usually they worth all the trouble . 
  however , you need to be extra careful and more prepared with your boarding pass , documents , and your luggage . 
  they are willing to push your limit so you need to pay them extra with penalties . 
  you 're saying that you 're an old religious lesbian from the balkans ? 
  or , only almost that ? 
  yup , apparently we have n't hit the bottom yet . 
  we shall see in these following months whether slovenia would join piigs for european bailout , and if the new government would collapse , too . 
  with slovenia 's current economic situation , i doubt it would happen . . we expect that it would take at least another 5-7 years to recover to the economic condition before recession . 
  i see . 
  so apparently that 's the cost of * extra * service of voicemal sms . 
  still , 150 $ is mindbogglingly expensive for such service . 
  pardon me , but i call shenanigans . . is it only for danish cell provider ? 
  i often needed to make transfer in dubai , receiving and sending sms with slovenian number while waiting for my flight . 
  receiving is free but they charged me around 50 cents to send a message . 
  no where near 150 $ . 
  yup , even with only 4 medals , slovenia so far is the winner in medals/population . 
  edit oupsss . . just realized that grenada won a single gold . . 
  they 're much smaller than us, 
  must watch the relevant video , in case you have n't : [ the battle for attica square ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpl9pw7oniq ) . 
  i was agreeing to some extent that geography is a factor on economical success . 
  however , while laying on the edge of balkan , greece has strong ties to the west , better infrastructure than other part of balkan states ; big ports , lots of wealthy merchants , yet it is still a failing state . 
  on the other hand you keep arguing like an asshole and whine like a moron . 
  thus i just tagged you as `` a moron greek '' . 
  we 're currently experiencing major recession ; high unemployment , budget deficit and whatnot . 
  probably not as bad as pigs and we 're much smaller economy . 
  anyway , things do n't look that they 're getting better anytime soon . 
  on the other hand , austerity does n't help to speed things up , too . 
  what about armenian genocide denial ? 
  and cyprus ? 
  i 'm sure they 're more or less affecting turkey admittance . 
  but i might be wrong . . 
  [ update : at least 15 dead ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/may/29/north-italy-earthquake-deaths?newsfeed=true ), 
  the best part of the whole show . 
  thanks finland !, 
  okay , try not to visit during oktoberfest . . oh , who am i kidding , bavarians are probably the most likely to do fun stuffs than most germans . 
  i live near ljubljana and my table lamp was shaking a bit . 
  it was 4:03 in the morning . 
  i wonder what 0.5 suicide means . . 
  i learnt a bit of this fact after got curious on the first episodes of spartacus blood and sand . 
  getae however portrayed as savage-looking ugly rapists . 
  not fair because most of everyone living in that era were into killing and raping each others . 
  to say the least for slovenians . 
  slovenia fought its independence ( part of balkan wars ) for only 10 days . 
  unlike other ex-yugoslavian countries , casualties in slovenia were almost to nothing and you hardly can spot any effect from the war , even as soon as it ended . 
  people just moved on with their lives the next day . 
  here , you can argue that the last war that pretty much affected and screwed slovenia was the first world war . 
  coming from a country of 2 million , this would be more relevant . 
  and the fact that slovenians love to use their car everywhere , too . 
  a former colleague and a good friend of mine is spanish . 
  in 2008 , he moved to slovenia because of marriage and lack of job in spain . 
  we once worked in the same office , but now both of us lost our jobs . 
  like many other slovenians , we 'd need to find job somewhere else now , the economy is getting worse and worse . 
  so the answer was yes and no . 
  no love for italian and scandinavian peninsulas ? 
  they are both different , too . 
  what is the point of this picture anyway ? 
  downvoted for the sheer ignorance of balkan generalization . 
  and also the fact that it 's missing bosnia and herzegovina , macedonia , montenegro , albania , kosovo , and bulgaria too . 
  edit spelling, 
  i spent a year in thuringia about 8 years ago . 
  i can say that they have better infrastructure and economic condition than some of ex-yugoslavian states have now .
