  uncommon for a dutch person , that . 
  do the dutch also not have a sense of humour ? 
  touchy . 
  the historic fact that the previous 2 world wars were - in europe - between primarily the uk and germany would be the reason the uk was denied admission for so long ? 
  yes ? 
  you would n't understand . 
  you 're belgian . 
  you : * ` the eu was created ... to ensure that a catastrophe like wwi never happens again ' * i think the stupid is entirely yours . 
  it 's so easy for someone from belgium to think so little of the community , purpose and history of the nation state . 
   * the eu has united the countries in europe which slaughtered each other in wwi and wwii * such a bizarre and contentious grasp of history i hardly know where to begin . 
  do you really think the reason why angela merkel has n't bombed hollande is because her war-mongering hand is stayed by the eu ? 
   * the eu is a direct result of what is being commemorated and the eu flag symbolizes this * ... so the eec kept the uk from joining for so long ... why ? 
  fine . 
  then stop squabbling about it . 
  it was n't there for decades . 
  leave it out . 
  you 're living a fantasy . 
   none of which existed in nazi germany what a pile of shit . 
  the country of goethe , schiller and beethoven ? 
  of the white rose and of niem\u00f6ller ? 
  of dietrich bonhoeffer ? 
  just the catholic opposition alone : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catholic_resistance_to_nazi_germany remember your original claim . 
  you doubted there were sources of contrasting views . 
  i ca n't believe you 're so thick as to have overlooked religious and cultural tradition , other political views , other social traditions and organisations , and the deep tradition of humanism in western literature . 
  but it seems you are that thick, 
  there were plenty of extant contrasting view to those of the nazis , even within germany . 
  no , not ` just like the allies ' . 
  you 're ignoring the * content * of those beliefs . 
   * you think that labour policies made a world-wide recession * no , i think labour policies made the recession in the uk worse than it need have been http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2010/may/17/liam-byrne-note-successor, 
   * you seem to think that the recession is somehow labour 's fault * ah . 
  so you * do * think i said that . 
  or perhaps you ' r reading my mind ? 
  as a matter of fact i do n't think it was their fault though i think they contributed to it and their policies might have made it worse . 
   * the economy was growing when labour left office . 
  * and heading for a recession . 
   * mr brown told mps : '' `` having taken action on the banking system , we must now take action on the global financial recession . '', 
  he said this was likely to cause `` recession in america , france , italy , germany , japan and - because no country can insulate itself from it - britain too '' . 
  * http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/7684216.stm facts . 
  facts , facts , facts . 
  you 're a bit rubbish with them . 
  and i thought you might grasp what a rhetorical question is . 
   * the wages not rising faster than inflation is an absolute outrage . 
  * does n't take much to outrage you . 
  what do you think normally happens as a result of a recession ? 
  in fact wages in the uk are expected to rise faster than inflation this year . 
  still . 
  facts , eh . 
  i will so miss you, 
  so you 're agreed then that if that potentiality becomes an actuality you have been talking out of your doubtless capacious arse ? 
  gdp, 
  i did n't say labour caused the recession . 
  what part of ` wages are on course to outpace inflation ... ' are you claiming will make people poorer ? 
  must have missed that evidence of yours . 
  people will always not get a raise and will get fired . 
  but i 'm talking about overall growth in the economy . 
  well , if we ca n't accept facts about the uk economy and facts about what economic growth means we 're a bit stumped are n't we . 
  perhaps you might read a book ? 
  ... and yet everyone is richer ... 
   * the economy , as a whole , is growing because a small minority of the very richest are getting wealthier quicker than the poor majority gets poorer * that 's a novel definition of economic growth . 
  where did you get your training in economics from ? 
   the economy is growing , yes but who benefits ? 
  inequality is growing . 
  somewhat of a non sequitur . 
  if eveyone is getting richer then everyone is getting richer . 
   * the vast majority in the middle class is getting poorer * the low growth of wages has been caused by the worldwide recession and financial crisis . 
  however , the economy is now growing quite nicely . 
  i did n't say the last government was responsible for the recession . 
  however , it 's possible that they might have mitigated it rather than leaving a note apologising that they 'd spent all the money . 
   selling everything we have and making us poor the economy is growing after the last government took us into a recession . 
  how is this government ` making us poor ' ? 
  that 's as a percent of total energy consumption , not absolute renewable consumption, 
  that the * reasons * for gender segregation differ ; and sometimes they are there to support equity and suchlike ; and sometimes they are there to support an archaic sexism . 
  you support the latter . 
   * the point is that the average differences between men and women are smaller than the variation between individuals , so a separation is useless * that 's a total non sequitur, 
   apparently some people do n't get that since each country can only provide one no , it 's ok , any country can provide more than one : but any one thing can only be provided by one country, 
  i know , i have been there , you know . 
  it 's just , i think germany has more variety and they 're more interesting . 
  it gets better when you get contentious . 
  for example , i think germany does bread better than france . 
  france has the baguette and that 's about it . 
  germany has loads of lovely , very different breads . 
   * now if you can give me an example of a field of science that was developed entirely in isolated by one particular group of people , * ... and nobody 's claiming that . 
  what cox is saying is that the british were over-represented . 
  and they were . 
  so there is still something to explain . 
  that could be the prosperity afforded by being early into the industrial revolution ; it could be the philosophies underpinning protestantism rather than catholicism ; it could be the independence of research institutions ; it could be the legacy of the royal institution ; it could be the consequence of a better-developed capitalism and methods of funding ; it could be that british culture was more admitting of independent curiosity and less slavishly devoted to authority and position . 
  it could be chance . 
  could be all of these , any of them , or others . 
  but to pretend there is n't something worth explaining is blinkered . 
  do n't do this . 
  the overcrowding in plitvice is dreadful . 
  rome is spectacular - lots of northern italy is lovely . 
  for any individual voting obviously makes no difference to the outcome but i vote , nevertheless . 
  i vote for its symbolism . 
  i vote for the message it sends and for the sense of participation , however spurious and removed from actual power . 
  bbc r4 news bulletins in the morning and evening commute ; everything else , podcasts - a handful from bbc r4 , as it happens . 
  actually , vengeance is a perfectly proper part of justice imo . 
  but anyway . 
  yes ... obviously , my correction of your mistake clearly means i think that ... 
  i do n't think that was quite it - they 'd already assured they would n't torture .
