  no , it is n't what happened . 
  it was never the aim or the effort of the british to destroy the german people . 
  it * was * the aim of the nazis to completely eradicate the jews . 
  like i said ... stop fucking around with the facts . 
   * to apologise for everything * yes , i got the tone . 
  i understood the ` chaps ' . 
  i just do n't think it funny , unless you really were intending it ironically and then it 'd be downright sinister . 
  to break their fighting spirit . 
  not to eradicate a whole people . 
  as i say , the nazis were actually well on the way to doing that , and it was their stated aim . 
  so , no , i 'm not incorrect . 
  it is n't ` my ' superiority - although i suppose there remains a question as to whether there was in fact a cultural superiority that stopped genocidal fascism gaining a serious foothold in the uk while it prospered in germany . 
  it is n't ` my ' superiority any more than someone should be apologising for ` us ' . 
  oh , and ` lol ' back , excellent and novel contribution there . 
  actually , i 've just come back from a trip to germany . 
  i rather like germany . 
  i 've holidayed there and i 've worked there . 
  my objection is to this convenient ahistorical relativism : * our continent 's people came to destroying each other . * . 
  that is n't what happened . 
  i 'm a little surprised , you being german , that you 're so happy to pretend the facts are other than what they are . 
  if there 's one thing i might expect from contemporary germans is that they do n't fuck around with the truth of what happened . 
  you call it smug : i call it accurate . 
  luckily , my side won . 
   * the german people here on reddit are hardly deserving of getting caught up in a bomb from our grandparent 's era * no more than you need to apologise for ` us ' . 
   * how close our continent 's people came to destroying each other . 
  * i do n't think we were trying to destroy any people , were we ? 
  that was rather the forte of the germans , i think you 'll find . 
  taking care with the language * matters * . 
  germany tried to destroy a whole people : britain did n't . 
   * there 's no direct evidence for the existence of neanderthal-modern hybridd * ah , sorry . 
  you were seriously trying to make the point that there are no extant hybrids ? 
  what a silly person you are . 
  see what you did there ? 
  you equated european interests and goals with further federalisation . 
  is n't that what the discussion should be about ? 
  it should n't be simply assumed before we begin , should it ? 
  what do suppose was the alternative ? 
  do n't damn well apologise on my behalf . 
  no it does n't at all . 
   * in addition to the previously reported gene flow between neandertals and non-africans as well as gene flow between an archaic human population from siberia ( `` denisovans '' ) and oceanians , *, 
  maybe you could look up the meaning of the word ` future ' . 
  why would talking about national identity in 1782 be an anachronism ? 
   * 1066/nevar forgeth * a * thousand years * ago, 
  because he 's a nobel prizewinning economist ? 
  he has never , ever stood the remotest chance of being pm . 
  that said , the interview was simply silly and johnson still adds greatly to the general gaiety of british public life . 
  yes , we 're still committed to cyprus and helping keep the peace in 2013 too - or perhaps you are n't aware of the ongoing illegal turkish occupation of the north ? 
   * how little gb has done * er ... the us vetoed our attempt to forestall the turkish invasion . 
  we 've had our troops there as part of the un peace-keeping forces . 
  the uk 's provided a home for many , many displaced greek cypriots . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you know they 're probably not flying george osborne over there , right ? 
  i think germany 's a good bet . 
  it 's large and central so it 'll be easy to travel to italy , france , the netherlands , switzerland , austria and out east , and up to scandinavia too , if you want to and your visa allows . 
  germany itself is modern , civilised , progressive and has a fascinating history ( it 's not all about the war , you know ) and a deep , deep culture . 
  it 's also very beautiful in parts - the rhine valley , the black forest , bavaria , and so on . 
  many of its town * aldstadts * have been rebuilt or were undamaged . 
  it 's politically at the very centre of europe , of course . 
  and if you 're looking to learn another language you could do worse then learn the language of goethe , schiller , mann , brecht and rilke . 
  i speak as a brit who 's visited germany on holiday and for work a dozen times or more . 
   * neither of those conditions was met * it was clearly in self-defence . 
  america had been attacked and would be attacked again by people given succour by the government of afghanistan . 
  yes . 
  the two are very different issues , the afghan invasion more clear-cut . 
  just to get it out the way , we 're in afghanistan now by invitation as part of a un peace-keeping operation so we 're really only talking about the initial invasion , its causes , the defence of that . 
  this seems to me a cut-and-dried matter . 
  the taliban - and let 's not forget how horrible they were , even without the al qaeda tie-in - were ruling over a failed state that was not even trying to meet its obligations to try to prevent international terrorism operating safely within the country . 
  far from it , they were happily colluding with bin laden . 
  we had no choice . 
  iraq : still yes , given what we thought we knew at the time . 
  remember , even the weapons inspector , david kelly , who took his own life , believed saddam ** did ** have wmds . 
  hmmmm ... 
  so when presented with arguments and propaganda from right-wing xenophobes the danish people readily got on board with the message ? 
  sort of underlines the problem of tying them together with the same currency , that , does n't it . 
  there are no ` people ' this far down in this thread . 
  just you . 
  and you 're wrong . 
  and you know it . 
   * first , deposits under 100,000 are insured . 
  what happened to that insurance ? 
  * christopher pissarides , nobel laureate . 
   * the dps is activated in the event a decision is reached that a member bank is unable to repay its deposits *, 
  i 'm not arguing with anyone . 
  the banks currently * are * bust . 
  you seem more than a little thick . 
  oh , absolutely none of them are insolvent . 
  nothing to see here . 
   * germany 's finance minister has warned cyprus that its crisis-stricken banks may never be able to reopen if it rejects the terms of a bailout . 
  *  * wolfgang schaeuble said major cypriot banks were `` insolvent if there are no emergency funds '' . 
  that 's right . 
  well done . 
  look , you can read after all . 
  the banks are bust . 
  they 're insolvent . 
  that 's why they 're being recapitalised . 
  the guarantee is a - was a - guarantee to individual depositors up to $ 100,000 and the person who 's quite stunningly missed the point is obviously you . 
  i guess you have n't read * areopagitica * then . 
  i see ... 
   * cameron vociferously wielding veto powers especially regarding any financial transaction tax . 
  * given that the eu 's own research has concluded it would reduce growth , why do you think it 's such a good idea ?
