  if you want to say islam is bad and every muslim is bad because a few commit terrorism , then you have to say the same about christianity . 
  * debatable . 
  while most chrisitian denominations & nearly all christian theologians would agree the bible is the work of man , and possibly flawed , and at least open to substantial reinterpretation , much of islam believes the koran to be * dictated * , unimpeachable , unimprovable , and the direct word of god . 
  there 's a difference . 
  and how many of them support violence ? 
  when polls are taken here in the uk there often seem a rather worrying number who empathise with terrorists . 
  i can look them up if you 'd like examples . 
  varoufakis and tsipras were together on all of this . 
  varoufakis has resigned so that eu leaders can save face when they do a deal with tsipras - which they will because the euro project was always about politics , not economics . 
  the remark i said was outlandish was not remark that racism existed ; it was your assertion that i 'd said all discussions were never racist . 
  that 's not something i said and it was - as i said - outlandish . 
   * but you 're welcome to continue pretending that all discussions about that topic are absolutely civil and never racist * except ... that is n't what i said . 
  you clearly ca n't back up what you claimed , and that 's why you 've made this outlandish remark . 
  right . 
  no links and more condescension . 
  you find that works for you in life do you ? 
   * a lot of your other stuff is strawman type stuff * no it is n't . 
  you 've dishonestly countered my original question with a pretence that the issue is about freedom to practice religion . 
  it is n't , and you know it . 
   * islam is n't the issue , some cultural practices of some people are the issue * in what way is halal not related to islam ? 
  in what way is c4 pulling the holland documentary not related to islam ? 
  in what way is the denigration and mistreatment of women not related to islam ? 
  so ... you can provide me easily with a link ? 
  not just to a racist nutter but to a sizeable , significant and bothersome number of such remarks ? 
  incidentally , i did read your remark . 
  i guess being condescending comes naturally to you , eh ? 
  er ... nope . 
  but obviously , islam being very varied , and cultural practices from very different sorts of societies to most western european ones having flavoured the particular forms of islam we see in multifarious ways , there are many points of friction . 
  denying that is just footling . 
  a pointless refusal to interact with the world as it is in favour of some fantasy . 
  for example : the practice of islamic courts ; we 've had shine bet courts in the uk partially recognised in law for some time ; do we extend that ? 
  what 's the status of a second or third wife when it comes to state financial support for families ? 
  should we allow religious schools to teach a largely islamic , as opposed to christian . 
  should state and private enterprises accommodate demands for halal by just using only halal because its easier to manage ? 
  or should halal slaughter be banned because of animal cruelty ? 
  should we accept the creeping insinuation that mohammed is always called ` the prophet muhammad ' by the supposedly secular state broadcaster when he 's no prophet of mine , nor of most people in the uk , and certainly not a capitalised one . 
  should we accommodate demands by only some sections of the muslim community that we do n't share great art that just happens to depict muhammad because they , and only they , will take offence ? 
  what about the pressure not to publish or sell ` the satanic verses ' , or to pull the repeat of tom holland 's very interesting documentary on the historical facts around the origin of islam from it 's scheduled showing because of protests , again from a vocal minority ( but who knows what proportion of the muslim population tacitly greed ) ? 
  what do we do about arranged marriages with girls that are very young who are removed from school ? 
  what about genital mutilation ? 
  what is it about the muslim community in the uk that seems to provide a disproportionate number of criminal offenders and gangs who sexually abuse underage and predominantly white , non-muslim girls ? 
  it is n't about freedom to practice religion and pretending that it is is just dishonest . 
  the accommodation of europe to contemporary islam is a pretty hot issue in europe , do n't you think ? 
   * saying all 1.2 billion people who follow that religion are hateful is simply ignorant . 
  * indeed . 
  and who is saying that ? 
  why would being open about the threat of islamist terrorism make you immediately jump on a ` racism ' bandwaggon ? 
   * in my opinion we should avoid euro coins which reference battles and wars between eu countries , because the defeated country will naturally feel singled out * ffs . 
  why are you long-term unemployed ? 
   * amount of people in full time work went down under the tories * no , it 's risen : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/jobs/10301545/the-uk-jobs-market-seven-key-charts.html  * they are destroying public services , such as the nhs * nhs funding is at its highest ever  * destroying university prospects for poorer students * more students than ever before are going to university , with a 10 % rise in candidates from poorer families http://www.theguardian.com/education/2014/dec/19/lower-income-students-university-tuition-fees-ucas-admissions-poorer-families facts . 
  how do they work ? 
  because everything you said was unsubstantiated assertion , irrelevant whataboutery . 
  so : ` lots were taken off job seekers ' . 
  how ? 
  what happened to them ? 
  how does this address the fact of * high employment * ? 
  ` through sanction ' ? 
  this is about people being take * off * unemployment records , not * about * being in employment , which was my point . 
  but to * your * different point : were they taken off incorrectly ? 
  should n't they have been ? 
  in all cases ? 
  in some cases ? 
  ` zero hour contract ' - cliche de nos jours . 
  how many ? 
  how much of an increase ? 
  how many welcome that rather than unemployment ? 
  can we do something about that ? 
  should we ? 
  ` work programs ' - people in supported back-to-work programmes have always been counted in the stats . 
  maybe we should scrap the schemes ? 
  what would you do to assist long-term unemployed to get back into work ? 
  record number of employed since the ons started recording in 1971 . 
  employment is th esingle best means of escaping poverty . 
  you were saying ? 
  you may be . 
  a * record * number are n't . 
  the employment rate is at its highest since records began and th eimf has endorsed the economic policy . 
  what are they destroying ? 
   * further cuts to the nhs * the nhs has n't been cut . 
  http://www.kingsfund.org.uk/projects/nhs-in-a-nutshell/nhs-budget and it wo n't be privatised . 
   * they do n't seem to offer much to people outside specific demographics * highest rate of employment since the ons staerted keeping records in 1971 ? 
   * they do n't care about those things though , or how many more poor or disabled may die because of conservative policy * the single most effective solution to poverty is employment . 
  but you are educated about the law and human rights ? 
  remarkable . 
  or a liar . 
  probably a liar . 
  yes , i know . 
  so , as you chimed in , would you agree that the claim the nhs is going to be privatised is incorrect ? 
  so , let 's not throw out a lot of chaff . 
  let 's take things one at a time . 
  perfectly happy to talk to you about human rights but can we first establish : are you backing down on the claim that the nhs will be privatised ? 
  because if you 're not i 'd like to deal with that first . 
  have a read about arrow 's impossibility theorem . 
  consider the ways in which the various pr systems fail arrow 's conditions . 
  then come back and talk to me about ` fair ' voting systems . 
  an economic policy endorsed by the imf and a record percentage of the working-age population in employment ? 
  terrible, 
  the nhs is n't being privatised . 
  maybe people in england grew tired of the childish claims of labour supporters . 
   rent controls ?
