_ '' sweden was not neutral , sweden was weak , '' said arne ruth , a swedish journalist who has written a book on the third reich . 
  '' its sales of iron ore made an important contribution to the german effort . 
  it allowed german troops and weaponry through its territory to norway . 
  in 1943 , its government told the central bank to ignore suspicions that german gold sweden received was looted . 
  what is interesting is that all these facts , more or less known for some time , are commanding such attention now . 
  ' _ http://www.nytimes.com/1997/01/26/weekinreview/the-not-so-neutrals-of-world-war-ii.html, 
  yup . 
  when faced with the genocide of europe 's jews they decided not getting involved was the best thing to do, 
   * they thought of themselves as greeks , they spoke mutually intelligible dialects of the same language * right , so when thebes sided with the persians against athens , thebes and athens were ... what ? 
  both ` greek ' ? 
   * borderline racist claims that modern greeks have been `` warped beyond recognition '' from the ancient greeks * ah , when your argument s fail , hurl a spurious and offensive insult . 
  that usually works for you does it ? 
   * culture is n't defined genetically like you are trying to do * er ... but * you 're * the person doing that . 
  * i 'm * the person saying that other countries today may lay as much of or more of a claim to the inheritance of ancient athenian culture * in certain respects * than the contemporary greeks , who have only recently formed a democracy again and who flirt seriously with the fascist far-right ,  * in common with their ancient ancestors * you ancient ancestors could have been anyone . 
  turks , romans , whatever . 
  again , you 're the person doing the genetic thing . 
   * the british have been diluted by centuries of intermingling with * in fact everyone in britain acknowledges that british culture has changed hugely ( not been ` diluted ' , that would incorporate your weird notion of cultural purity ) , almost beyond recognition from even victorian times , let alone from 2,500 years ago . 
  nobody in contemporary britain would seriously claim a continuous cultural descent from ancient britons that was particularly meaningful . 
  but , besides that , and contrary to your * repeated * claims , i have already stated that greeks have a * slightly * greater claim to the cultural inheritance . 
  but only * slighter * . 
  not , though , as you constantly misread it , as * less * . 
  i 'm not simply criticising your choice of words but rather the way you cast the problem . 
  all sorts of transactions in the past can be viewed with suspicion and doubt from the vantage point of the 21st century but i find it rather anachronistic . 
  let 's agree that the modern greeks are slightly more connected to the ancient greeks than , say , are modern londoners . 
  just slightly . 
  athens was n't sparta or corinth . 
  greece as a country did n't exist . 
  ancient greek language and culture was warped beyond recognition by alexander , the romans and the turks to the extent that it really is a moot point , the extent to which modern greeks share much more in terms of cultural heritage with ` their ' past than others in europe . 
  i 'd venture , for example , that britain has had a firmer grasp on the notion of democracy than greece has had for most of its existence . 
  to whom does that heritage belong ? 
  it 's not so obviously , or uniquely , the greeks , is it ? 
  it 's all of us , is n't it . 
  if you have something to be proud of it 's exactly that . 
  the marbles are where they are . 
  the transaction that brought them to britain was * arguably * legitimate . 
  the ottomans damn near destroyed the entire parthenon . 
  and you are n't planning to put the marbles back to the only place they truly belong , back on the parthenon . 
  because you ca n't . 
  because nobody can . 
   * you ca n't legitimize theft * ... and you 're still calling it theft . 
  i 'd have to accept it as that to follow your argument . 
  but i do n't . 
  do you see how your line of reasoning fails ? 
   * this is of as much value as your pronouncement that modern greeks have less to do with ancient greeks than the modern english . 
  *  * well , i 'm going to campaign to educate people * start with yourself . 
  in fact i wrote the precise opposite . 
  comprehension fail . 
  yuo 're a bit light with the facts here . 
  not * all * scholars agree that the sale was dodgy . 
  * some * say that it was a perfectly legit transaction . 
   * even if the deal was legitimate , which it was not , * this is a debated point . 
  it is n't established fact . 
  but you present it as established fact . 
   * tells you all you need to know about elgin 's supposed noble motives * well given that he 's long dead , the facts that there 's a museum waiting for the marbles tells you precisely nothing about his motives . 
  i do n't understand how you can suggest otherwise . 
   * that argument is absurd . 
  it 's tantamount to saying that we should move all the world 's monuments to where they should have maximum visibility * here 's a difference : not that all monuments should be moved to where they have max visibility but * given that this particular set of sculptures * is already in such a location you need quite a strong argument for now * changing * that . 
   * torn from the place where it was built * it 's not as if you 're going to put them back on the parthenon , after all . 
  so you wo n't be restoring them to their proper place in any sense at all . 
  well , how the marbles were acquired is certainly germane when considering legitimacy of current ownership . 
  if you wo n't even go that far there 's little point having a conversation with you . 
  you 're obviously bonkers . 
  good point , well argued . 
  firstly , ownership : the marbles were bought and the turks had shown very poor powers of conservation . 
  secondly , ownership part 2 . 
  the culture that created the marbles has very little to do with contemporary greece . 
  greece ` owns ' them only just a tiny bit more than the rest of western europe - we all owe a considerable part of our intellectual and cultural inheritance to the * ancient * greeks thirdly : as objects of * world * heritage , it 's a good idea to exhibit them , for free , in a city more people visit . 
  i was pointing out that your claim that ancient greeks invented democracy was a bit questionable . 
  i made no claims for britain . 
  democracy has been an evolving arrangement with contributions from many cultures . 
  no one culture ` invented ' it . 
  that thing where slaves & women could n't vote ? 
  i have n't claimed anything . 
  are you a bit dim , perhaps ? 
  you seem to think that if something is a contributory factor it must be the sole cause . 
  that 's just a logical error . 
  see ? 
  you did n't ask about anyone going to syria ` solely to get paid ' . 
  you said you did n't hear anything about muslims going to syria for money . 
  happy to help with your memory problems . 
  there was mention by at least one of them of the fact they received pay . 
  good on you for resolutely failing to take my point - that europe , when offered the chance , denied britain entry to the eec . 
   * the reason for the creation of the eu was to prevent future wars * so do you really think that without the eu we 'd have gone to war again ? 
  sorry , i find your repeated claim preposterous , absurd and laughable . 
   * france suffered a lot more during the wars * a moot point but the amount of suffering was n't my point - though we were about the same in terms of numbers of deaths ( we had more military deaths , france more civilian , including all the jews that the vichy government deported east ) . 
  my point was about who the fight was between . 
  france gave up , if you remember , and half the country threw its lot in with the nazi . 
   * as for the uk `` being denied admission '' , you are only partially correct * in the sense that i 'm correct ...  * only now degaulle and france blocked uk membership . 
  * ... as i said  * yes , the uk was denied entry for a few years * ... as i said . 
  from this magical organisation solely responsible for ending all wars . 
  the only dutchman i 've ever know very well , as a friend , is very pleasant , but terribly serious and without a sense of humour . 
  i 'll extrapolate from that . 
  says the humourless dutchman . 
  actually , i 'll tell you a true story . 
  for a while i worked for an anglo-french company , and we did business with italy , france , germany , the netherlands and belgium . 
  and the uk of course . 
  i had to go across to brussels fairly often to speak to people in the state-owned industry we were contracting our services to . 
  in belgium , and only in belgium , positions in the organisation were doubled-up , so that from middle-management levels upwards there was always one walloon and one fleming . 
  that 's the tenuous grasp that belgium has on the idea of unity . 
  perhaps your english is n't very good then .
