  the monarch 's position as head of state is purely formal . 
  the prime minister & parliament actually wield power . 
  i see you 're utterly ignorant of our constitutional arrangements - but thanks for caring . 
  oh rubbish . 
  the only referendum the british people have ever taken part in was one that agreed to join a * trading * union . 
  nothing more . 
  the british people have * never , ever * been asked if they wanted * political * integration of any sort at all . 
  and why would we ? 
  what 's the point ? 
   * that 's how we got to the point of the uk threatening eurozone countries about eurozone matters , while it is not a member of the eurozone . 
  * we 're threatening ... how ? 
  we all have a vested interest in you guys sorting out that stinking mess that is the euro , of course we do . 
  that 's why obama , for example , has been intervening . 
  but we have n't * threatened * you delicate little flower , you . 
  but it is what you mean . 
  change the constitution of the uk ? 
  why would we need to ? 
  what are you proposing would then happen ? 
  your euphemisms are enough for me to be concerned from the beginning : ` streamline ' and ` procedure ' . 
  i presume you really mean : let 's give up more sovereignty so that a deeply undemocratic and out-of-touch bureaucracy can impose their decisions without the bother of being answerable to national electorates ? 
   * the weather is awful and cold , just like you wanted * 70f is not ` awful and cold ' and is considerably warmer than most of scotland most of the time . 
  no , not posh . 
  how about aghast , too ? 
  my other half , postgrad herself , and a friend of ours , current undergrad at cambridge , were both absolutely appalled by it . 
   * those measures are not defined in terms of income . 
  * let me see now , where did i make any such claim ... wait a minute ... i did n't . 
  you must be replying to someone else . 
  they do . 
  and that 's why for a long time now social policy wonks have tried to include a measure of both relative and absolute poverty when they 're talking about poverty , because only considering one or the other is unsatisfactory . 
  at least , this is what my partner , who did a social policy postgrad at oxford , tells me . 
  you may know better . 
  it 's plausible that we have a secret official policy ? 
   * any attempt of reforming eu 's financial rules is going to meet a british veto * well , so you say . 
  but presumably you 're not trying to base your very negative views of britain on what you * imagine * might happen . 
  shall we stick to facts ? 
   * the country that was the exception is britain : david cameron announced that britain will veto any such attempt and that he 's not willing to negotiate . 
  * because the ftt is a stupid idea . 
  the eu 's own research says it 's going to have a negative impact on growth . 
  did you ? 
  my mistake . 
  but you still ca n't claim that de gaulle vetoed us because we were sabotaging it , can you ? 
  at most you could claim that he thought we might , were we in it . 
  but in what way is britain ` sabotaging ' the eu ? 
   * britain is sabotaging the eu . 
  that 's the reason why de gaulle originally vetoed its entry . 
  * de gaulle vetoed our entry because we wanted to sabotage the euro ? 
  do you do history in your schools ? 
  if we had an ` official ' policy you could read about it rather than just suspect it . 
   * the overwhelming majority of their population are euro haters , france haters * nope . 
  i think most people agree that the euro was always a political , not an economic , project . 
  as such we 've always been very wary of the prospect of yoking our economy to a _ political _ project . 
  we 've had a long , long love-hate relationship with france . 
  i 've worked there , holidayed there often , and speak the language ( badly ) . 
  we do n't hate france . 
  we like france . 
   * they want to create havoc * personally , i think the countries who joined the eu while lying about their economies were more obviously bent on havoc . 
   * i used the paper you brought up to strengthen my argument * no you did n't and now you 're being silly . 
  the paper i cited concluded that it was very unclear if there were any effects at all and if there were any , then they were minimal . 
  that 's very clearly in contradiction to your previous claim . 
   * also , you cited a claim that the ftt would effect the gdp growth by 1,76 % and now you argue that taxation have only minimum or no effects on the gdp * try doing more than just scan the paper in desperation . 
  its conclusions are about taxation in general , not about specific taxes , which it acknowledges can have a measurable and significant effect . 
  in the case of the ftt the eu 's own research suggests it will be both measurable and significant . 
  instead of arguing with someone who does n't know when to quit , i 'll just leave this thread here in case anyone 's interested in seeing what knots you twist yourself into , and how dishonest you are in debate . 
  i agree with you that it 's implausible to suppose government spends tax revenue it an intelligent manner all of the time . 
  you 're the one on favour of a new tax . 
  not me . 
   * so the author of this paper admits that this is n't clear at all . 
  * the author of the paper says it 's unclear and if there is any effect it 's minimal . 
  that 's a clear and obvious contradiction of your claim . 
  money is fungible . 
  any tax raised during recession simply decreases the amount of deficit spending needed . 
  there is n't a necessary connection between an ftt and keynes , i was responding immediately to your claim that any and every tax always reduces growth . 
   * if the government spends every dollar that it collects in taxes , then that amount does find its way into total demand through government expenditures . 
  when that occurs , the gdp remains unaffected by taxes * yes ? 
  and :  * the the effect of taxation , if there is any at all , is relatively minor * http://people.exeter.ac.uk/gdmyles/papers/pdfs/taxgrow.pdf, 
  er ... any tax that a government applies during a recession to provide stimulus spending . 
   * i 'm no economist , so i will make it simple * i know the answer . 
  i was asking ironically . 
  you claimed that every tax has a negative impact on growth . 
   * every tax has a negative impact on growth * explain to me keynesian counter-cyclical government spending and its role during a recession, 
  the ftt has been described _ by the eu 's own report _ as impacting negatively on growth :  * ` with a tax rate of 0.1 % the model shows drops in gdp ( -1.76 % ) in the long-run . 
  it should be noted that these strong results are related to the fact that the tax is cumulative and cascading which leads to rather strong economic reactions in the model . ' ( vol . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  ... and his papers took differing stances ... 
  how was it criminal ? 
  very good . 
   * monstrum in fronte , monstrum in animo *, 
  i have read it . 
  it 's certainly arguable that elgin removed the marbles perfectly legitimately . 
  your noxious , anachronistic , simple-minded , black-and-white revisionism may not wish to accept that but it ai n't my problem . 
  autochthonous , obviously . 
  in what way are they stolen ? 
  what 's the problem ? 
  the ft gives space to the leader of the perfectly legal coalition , who 's already been asked to form a government once and is most likely to be asked again . 
  should responsible journalism just ignore him until the greeks vote him in , then ? 
   * they were literally stolen from greece decades or centuries ago * actually , it 's arguable they were - literally - purchased perfectly legally . 
   * because the parthenon marbles were stolen . 
  the uk is condoning a crime * well ... that 's not exactly true , is it . 
   * and unpayed ( or unpayable ) debts * already happening . 
  what do you think a ` haircut ' is ?
