   * sound hypocritical and wrong * why hypocritical ? 
  your remark 's the irrelevant one . 
  we do n't only do , or do n't do , things because a government 's involved . 
  there 's a principle too . 
  why not just ignore it ? 
  i imagine it 's not your aim to * hide * the fact you 're not austrian - and why on earth should you ? 
  europe 's full of people from all over the place and in a city like vienna everyone will be utterly used to seeing tourists and other foreigners . 
  it 's a complement , really , that you 're choosing to stay in their country , and any european worth their salt will be interested in you and the us , just as you 're interested in them and europe . 
  and do n't apologise for being american . 
  i believe he 's there for a year . 
  plenty of time to travel and it 'd be a waste if he did n't . 
  yes , tipping - custom varies by country but nobody tips as much as americans . 
  it can sometimes be awkward when you take a chair in a cafe to know how / when you 're going to get served . 
  you will eventually be served but you 're usually given time and space to chat and relax - do n't expect to be shown to a seat and immediately served by an attentive waiter . 
  if it 's troubling you , take a look at how quickly others are being served and gesture to a waiter when you 're able to catch their eye . 
  perhaps try to catch a waiter 's eye as you sit down . 
  i always seem to have a problem asking for the bill ( it 's unusual to just be presented with it without you having asked ) . 
  try _ l'addition , s ` il vous plait _ for french speaking places , _ die rechnung , bitte _ in german ones , _ il conto per favore _ in italian . 
  they 're the only ones that 've worked for me , often after a few attempts ... maybe it 's my accent . 
  use the opportunity to travel around if your visa conditions permit it . 
  france , germany and italy are all only a stone 's throw away and they 're all fantastic . 
  you should dress exclusively in lederhosen and speak english very , very loudly in order to make yourself understood . 
  how about if the rate of criminality were significantly higher than in the population as a whole ? 
  would that then be a valid point for discussion ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  the bible 's considered to be a human interpretation while the koran 's thought to be the direct work of god as dictated . 
  the character of christ is way different from that of mo. 
  clue : one was in favour of peace on all occasions , the other advocated killing some people . 
   * because europe has had a bad experience with moroccans/turks , they leave them alone and brush them with the same brush * . 
  right ... our fault then ...  * europe tries to hold on to it 's own because ... * yup , our fault ...  * maybe it 's because europeans are n't as social as americans ... * most definitely down to us ... 
  ok , so , ed was understood to be pretty leftish for the lp and he did n't get in . 
  perhaps it was just him , personally , that put people off . 
  also , although the truism is that elections are won in the middle ground you obviously ca n't win by appealing * only * to the middle ground . 
  i doubt that, 
  i ca n't do your understanding for you . 
  nope . 
  er ... that was spain . 
  remind me again when argentina came into being ? 
  i suppose we could always hand it back to madrid ... 
  his speech was dreadful . 
  i was genuinely surprised that someone who must be so practised at speechifying was so bad . 
  the left of the lp has always been broadly against because they see it as an ensnaring capitalist organisation . 
  they like to think of themselves as internationalists , but not international capitalists . 
   * none of those things are his stated position since running for leadership * righty-ho . 
  were his positions up until he decided to ran , at which moment he had a complete change of heart . 
   * you can bet the tories will attack him with those kind of lines * ` these kind of lines ' being his own publicly-stated points of view ? 
  hamas , the organisation that lambasts rotary clubs as wings of the evil zionist empire and commits itself to wiping israel out in its constitution ? 
  that hamas ? 
   * trying to appeal to centre people and no-one else * yeah , that 's definitely how blair got elected 3 times in a row , by appealing to nobody else . 
   * people are sick of labour being tory-lite * must be why they voted overwhelmingly for ed ... 
  orwell 's description of going down a mine in , ` the road to wigan pier ' was grim . 
  osborne 's a canny political operator and has n't done as badly as some were hoping ; but he 's not as * comfortable * as cameron . 
  slightly gawky and geeky . 
  yes they would . 
  osborne 's not the ( relatively ) attractive figure cameron was , does n't have the comforting family , and that family tragedy that must provoke everyone 's sympathy . 
  osborne would have had a struggle . 
  people will be more jaded after another five years and best analysis from the recent election suggests it was the leader , miliband , and only the leader , who was responsible for defeat . 
  you found him straight speaking when quizzed about sharing platforms with some unedifying types ? 
  really ? 
  transparent was he , you think ? 
  compress into black lumps and bury it deep underground . 
  more mines were closed by the previous labour administration as a matter of fact . 
  hugely crowded in the summer : lines and lines of people walking at a crawl . 
  my visit almost totally spoilt as a consequence . 
  most similar experience of crowding : beijing metro ticket queues . 
  nope . 
  you did n't advance your argument beyond your incoherent conspiracy-theorising , in which we ca n't beat the cia but we 'll all know the truth in 50 years time . 
  lol . 
   * no you said i have evidence , i said a case can be made * er ... so you can make the case , but without evidence . 
  okey-dokey . 
   * again time will tell * nope , you maintained there was sufficient evidence * now * to bring a prosecution . 
  talking bollocks , were n't you . 
  yes you did . 
  and your case was reduced to :  * were am i gon na get evidence against the cia ? 
  time will fucking tell m8 , you believe wat the government tells * https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j82ih/ex_schr%c3%b6der_aide_on_911_we_thought_the_americans/cuny5zi which kinda ... fails to convince . 
   * is this a court of law * you were suggesting there 's enough evidence to prosecute ... in a court of law . 
  were n't you . 
  but you claim you already have evidence . 
  you 've already said that you could make a case that bush and blair could be tried for ` conspiracy to commit war of aggression on false pretence ' are you now saying you do n't actually have that evidence , then ? 
  if you do n't , on what basis are you claiming you could make a case for a trial ? 
  what does incompetence have to do with pretence ? 
  and by the way , david kelly , the weapons inspector , ' ... believed it was most likely that iraq had retained some biological weapons after the end of inspections ' http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2003/aug/31/davidkelly.iraq1 i do n't see the basis for your rather firm claim of conspiracy and false pretence ... 
  so ... there were n't any found . 
  what does that have to do with false pretence ? 
   * conspiracy to commit war of agression on false pretense * what false pretence ? 
  from the country that hounded out hirsi ali and nurtured the murderer of theo van gogh ? 
  i 'd really need to see the polling evidence ... 
  er ... nope , it 's considered extremism . 
  amputation has n't really been an article of faith on the right for ... oooh ... decades ... 
  depends what you class as extremism . 
  the overton window effect seems to have shifted our expectations here . 
  amputate hands ? 
  flog or execute blasphemers ? 
  that 's not extremism now ? 
  what proportion of muslims , globally , sympathise with terrorists like this , do you think ? 
  that 's a meaningless thing to say . 
  the chancellor was n't ` elected ' any more than the prime minister of the uk is elected . 
  the nazis got the largest share of votes . 
  larger than any other party . 
   * both the bible and the quaran were written by people who had views that today are not acceptable .
