  i * think * it was something to do with evidence in court coming from witnesses who 'd been tortured . 
  because , obviously , they 're trustworthy ... . . 
  he gets paid a salary . 
  he gets paid that if he works from his flat . 
  the attendance allowance is n't his salary . 
   * the system of giving 300 $ for showing up ... i would probably make sure to get that part of my salary too * it 's an attendance allowance . 
  it is n't part of his salary . 
  he is paid a salary for the work he does , there and elsewhere . 
  driving from barcelona try to take in carcassonne . 
  foix is a great location if you go through andorra to carcassonne but andorra itself is nothing , with traffic jams . 
  the mountains are nice though . 
  the riviera is too touristy . 
  northern italy - tuscany & emilia-romagna are absolutely gorgeous . 
  siena , modena , gubbio , parma , verona , ravenna ... wonderful places . 
  take a small tripod too . 
  you wo n't be able to setup a full tripod in lots of the cathedrals but you 'll need something to keep the camera stable . 
  be careful and discreet and you should get away with it . . 
  if you 're going all the way down to colle sannita then of course definitely take in rome . 
  far and away the most marvelous capital city i 've been to , and i 've been to a few . 
  plan on grabbing some bread and ham or suchlike from markets/supermarkets and have picnic lunches . 
  that 'll save money and the food 's generally fantastic . 
  try to eat out only where there are obviously ordinary locals eating out . 
  restaurants with very large menus or with menus translated into several languages are best avoided . 
  go with the cheapest wine : it 'll be fine . 
  you 'll be able to buy by the glass or sometimes pitcher . 
  try and learn a little french , italian and spanish . 
  just a few phrases . 
  starting a conversation in the native language always goes down very well - and they 'll switch to english without feeling too put out . 
  except in france . 
  it 's not your fault , they 're just like that . 
  it 's weird . 
  all of your statements are demonstrable nonsense . 
  firstly , you might have control over it - that 's what this debate is about . 
  secondly , having no control does n't magic away concern . 
  thirdly , parents do n't have a final say on what happens to their kids , either morally or in fact in law - there are many many things we do n't allow parents to allow their children to do . 
  finally , as ` society ' consumes porn in such vast quantities , ` society ' wo n't think you a pervert for consuming porn - a few uptight religious types might . 
  i 'm baffled as to how you can be so obviously wrong in everything you say and still function . 
   * that very much depends on your definition of ` neutral ' . 
  * no , it very much depends on the irish government 's neutrality and its offer of condolences to germany on the death of hitler . 
   * a large chunk of our defence forces were allowed desert to fight in the allied forces * they were treated like shit when they came home . 
  why 's that then if you were ` unofficially ' on our side ? 
   * it 's none of my fucking business what other people 's kids get up to . 
  * of course it is . 
   * i would like to pay # x in order to be a pervert * if you think wanting to view pornography makes you a pervert then i think you already have a very disturbed sexuality . 
   * know what happened ? 
  now i do n't flinch when i see disturbing material . 
  that 's it . 
  * that 's really quite troubling . 
   * why do you have to waste my time , government time , my resources and the government 's resources when i want to get my porn ? 
  * it 's a very small effort , honestly , is n't it ? 
  i 'm with you in not believing the entire world should be regarded as a sort of creche but really - do you never worry that very young kids can easily access some very disturbing material ? 
  and it wo n't be much of an imposition , will it ? 
  way to misrepresent the issue . 
  i have n't given this much though yet : but i certainly know that copious , easily available and extreme pornography is not the same thing as sensible exposure to sex and sexuality . 
  oh , and there 's no ` shame ' in opting out - which is surely partly your point , is n't it ? 
  everyone knows the ubiquity of porn and the volume of traffic that 's porn . 
  part of being honest about all this is acknowledging it 's extremely popular and that opting out is going to be more common than not . 
  no , let 's give him one for physics this time . 
  he 's done just as much to deserve it . 
  i 've been to rome twice the last two years and i could spend the rest of my life there . 
  it 's an unbelievable place ... but if you want a few tips then : * the forum * the musei capitolini ( where you can see the colossal head of constantine ) * the vatican museum * st peter 's * the colosseum * my favorite building in the world , the pantheon * the palatine hill * trajan 's column and any nice-looking coffee shop full of locals . 
  get the pastry stuffed full of a yellowish custard . 
  anywhere you walk in rome you just bump into millenia-old buildings siena - if you could visit during the palio , that 'd be good - just beforehand , when they have street parades and celebrations . 
  otherwise just enjoy one of the loveliest civic spaces in the world in the piazza del campo ravenna - only been once , want to go back . 
  the mosaics really are amazing . 
  and if you get the chance , pop into verona and venice . 
  it 's really unfair that once country has so much gorgeousness . 
  i agree with you about the need to curtail monopolies and prevent cartels . 
  and it is a matter of judgement when to step in and interfere with the market , and you can disagree , quite reasonably , with the oft decision . 
  i 'm with you on that . 
  their margins are wafer-thin . 
  if you have a problem with these arrangements , vote and campaign . 
  we 're in a democracy . 
  for my part , i think the benefit we might get by taxing amazon more and giving that money to politicians to spend is far less than the benefit i get by not interfering too much with amazon . 
  i get almost instant delivery of physical good and instant delivery of ebooks far , far cheaper than these things were when i was younger . 
  i ca n't imagine a politicians using that money to bring me more benefit . 
  th issue of amazon 's tax position is nothing to do with the discussion . 
  but as you 've brought it up and as you 're so , so very ... unfamiliar with the facts ... * corporation tax is largely borne by labour - [ the tax incidence subject is not the same as the formal payer ] ( http://stumblingandmumbling.typepad.com/stumbling_and_mumbling/2010/04/corporate-tax-incidence-some-evidence.html ) * amazon has not illegally evaded tax : it has complied with the law . 
  companies ca n't be expected to guess what legislators may have thought they were doing when they passed various laws . 
  they do , though , have a duty to comply with the law as it stands . 
  * taxing internationally-trading companies has been sorted out by the eu precisely to create a single market . 
  there is one company you buy from if you buy from amazon anywhere in the eu and that company has to be located somewhere in the eu . 
  it 's located in luxemburg . 
  amazon pays corporation tax due for the company registered in luxemburg . 
   * makes mega profits , pays no taxes * amazon made a loss ( after tax ) in the uk last year . 
  its margins are wafer thin . 
  it pays what taxes it 's legally obliged to pay - as do you , i presume . 
  i do n't expect you check your legal tax obligation and then proffer some more . 
   * cleared all the way of any wrongdoing * it is n't doing any wrong . 
  that 's just not true . 
  here 's a recent uk oft ruling on amazon . 
  http://www.oft.gov.uk/news-and-updates/press/2011/117-11#.uaqntkcsiso i do n't know if you can remember what book prices and bookshops and book availability were all like before amazon . 
  i can . 
  and that 's we we have laws about cartels and monopolies and suchlike . 
  no , they exist to make money for executives & shareholders . 
  they achieve this by selling people a service or good they want more than other services or goods . 
  so they * achieve * their end by providing you with what you want - and if they do n't do it very well they 'll be beaten in the market by others . 
  as smith said : _ it is not from the benevolence of the butcher , the brewer , or the baker that we expect our dinner , but from their regard to their own interest . _, 
  go to italy - siena , ravenna , rome . 
  italy is incredibly beautiful , has so much history , the food 's nice , the people friendly ( to my surprise ) and the coffee , the best i 've ever drunk by a mile .
