  i 'm sorry , i thought you said it fell down . 
  not , was demolished on account of it being built before 1837 ... 
  god , you poor bugger ... 
  tell me more . 
  a whole hospital that fell down ? 
  give me the name , i 'll go read about it . 
   * the nation is divided on whether the sinking was legal or not * the ` nation ' , not being experts on international law , or whatever branch of law it is that covers these matters , wo n't have a bloody clue what they 're talking about . 
  * on the seas , naval forces may attack enemy warships . 
  the sinking of the argentine warship general belgrano , therefore , was not contrary to international law despite its being attacked outside the total exclusion zone * http://www.britannica.com/ebchecked/topic/228368/general-belgrano, 
  then you 're not watching the news programmes i 'm watching . 
  what are you watching ? 
  i 'll check out your claim . 
  oh no , it 's crap is n't it . 
   * the main economic reason for the soviet union collapsing was their arms race with the us * and ... what of the policies of the west that kept up that arms race that bankrupted the soviet union ? 
  were they consensus positions agreed across the polticial spectrum ? 
  or did a strong defence policy have to be argued for and fought for ? 
  did that attitude of the west come easily ? 
   * the fact that people disagree on this make it at the very least controversial * oh do n't talk wet . 
  by that measure absolutely everything would be ` controversial ' . 
  what 's your alternative ? 
   * she showed us schools and hospitals falling down from lack of investment * you must remind me . 
  which hospital fell down ? 
  no , relative . 
  or perhaps you 'd like to explain how your * ` absolute ' * measure was calculated ? 
  right , and it 's pure coincidence it happened when it did . 
   * going as far as having police raid people 's homes and drag people out just for belonging to a union . 
  * what utter nonsense . 
  no , you 're really , continually , perversely missing my point . 
  there is the legal fact of divorce in uk law ; and there is the social and conventional fact of divorce according to the customs and mores of these people . 
  if uk law says the woman is divorced but her religion says she is n't the she has the legal status in uk law of being divorced ; and she has the social fact of still being married according to her community . 
  worse still , she may not even go to a uk court because she already knows she ca n't achieve the social , customary fact of divorce according to her own community . 
  do you understand this time ? 
  i think you missed mine . 
  there is divorce under british law ; and then there is divorce as recognised by the customs and practices of various religious groups in the country . 
   * sharia law is extremely regressive and has no place in this country * you mean you wish it had none . 
  this article is demonstrating that in fact it does already have a place . 
  is that all you need to do to get a divorce in the eyes of the your local mosque , your imam , your community , your parents , your in-laws , your children ... your husband ? 
  well thanks for your contribution anyway ... 
   * so it may easily be of things that do not require a extensive industry * as you said , it 's not known to you . 
  there is this thing , though , called the internet . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  all i said was that we 're in the top 10 by value . 
  naturally , our exports will be of items processed using as input materials imported unless you imagine we 're manufacturing for export beefeaters , members of the royal family , and chips . 
  it 's kinda how exports work in advanced economies . 
   * a small nation with relatively little industry * we 're in the top 10 in the world by value of exports . 
  how is that ` relatively little ' ? 
  so your objection to one country raping , pillaging , etc , etc , is n't a principled one - because that of course is what germany was doing to most of the continent . 
  your objection is only when it happens to be ireland on the receiving end . 
  well i 'm very glad the british and allies were n't quite so selfish . 
  incidentally , your self-serving nonsense about neutrality is nonsense . 
  the netherlands tried to remain neutral and was swatted aside by germany . 
  if germany had wanted to invade eire they would n't have paid attention to your claimed neutrality . 
  and it is n't the action of a neutral state to have offered condolences on the death of hitler . 
  right . 
  so you ca n't say that hamas , an organisation you accept is a terrorist organisation , is wrong : but you can say that sanctions should be applied against israel . 
  i think i 've heard enough from you and your bizarre moral standpoint , thanks . 
   * why would this union call for sanctions against states that already have sanction levied on them * there are plenty of states that do n't have sanctions levied on them that are far , far worse than israel but this union has nothing to say about them . 
  ok , now i 'm confused . 
  you accept they 're a terrorist organisation ... you do n't support ` most ' of their actions ... but you say , ` whether they are wrong in their actions or goals is another matter . ', 
  well , which is it ? 
  are their actions wrong or is it an open question for you ? 
  you 've stated both in successive comments and i 'm rather puzzled . 
  oh do n't be so dishonest . 
  when the only country in the entire world this union is calling for sanction against * just happens to be * the jewish state then * of course * a significant motivation is antisemitism . 
   * whether they are wrong in their actions ... is another matter * so ... just so that i can understand where you 're coming from in your ethical position here . 
  you accept that hamas is a terrorist organisation and you approve of their actions ? 
  do i have you right ? 
  so you 're happy to accept that hamas is a terrorist organisation ? 
  well , yes . 
  people did refuse . 
  the consequences might have been very unpleasant - being sent to the russian front perhaps - or not so unpleasant at all . 
  but unless you 're arguing that ordinary germans who did n't support the nazi policy of extermination should have done less to oppose it than they could have , and that conscripted british and allied troops were obliged to , then i do n't quite see the point of your question . 
  they could always have refused . 
  you asked the question :  * which regimes are these that are more horrific in nature than israel * * ( while , incidentally , claiming apartheid-era sa to have been a ` great democracy ' . 
  you 're so pigshit ignorant it 's hardly worth continuing ... ) * http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1bphc7/irish_academics_union_votes_to_cease_all_cultural/c99d6jx but if you do n't think that and ** salvaxe ** clearly does n't think that , what was your purpose in asking it ? 
  i agree wholeheartedly with him . 
  you 're simply an antisemitic tosspot . 
   * i can of course think of many other english-speaking authors * i did n't suggest you could n't . 
  my point was that it did n't follow from your observation that it 's difficult to point to a single stand-out french author who 's obviously better than others , that all the good french authors there are then necessarily trump all the good english authors there are . 
  it 's a completely illogical non sequitur . 
   * where the anglo-saxons surpassed the french it 's in very recent literature , especially when it comes to 20th century science fiction from the uk and the us * right . 
  so let 's try the 19thc then . 
  we have , in english , jane austen , george eliot , charles dickens , lewis carroll , mark twain , thomas hardy , emily bront\u00eb , h.g. 
  wells , anthony trollope , mary shelley , thackeray , wilkie collins , elizabeth gaskell , joseph conrad , scott , oscar wilde ... in poetry we have keats , byron , shelley , tennyson , wordsworth , coleridge , hopkins , emily dickinson , longfellow , walt whitman , yeats ... now obviously the french have some notable 19th c * litterateurs * to consider ... baudelaire , rimbaud , hugo , proust , stendahl , balzac , flaubert . 
  but it is n't at all clear to me that it 's so obvious french writers win here . 
  why do you think it 's so obvious ? 
   * is still so strong that we have all these acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise types of organizations * a farcical institution that guarantees ossification of the language . 
   * i do n't see so much in us and uk daily culture * oh , the french are * snobs * when it comes to what they regard as high culture , yes of course they are . 
  that does n't mean they actually do more than pay lip service to great literature . 
  that you do n't have a single stand-out best french author is n't an argument that * most * good french authors are better than * most * good english authors . 
  i hope you can see the fallacy . 
  there are of course many , many great english writers to chose from and not everyone would agree with your facile claim that shakespeare was the ` best ' . 
  in so far as these league tables have any meaning at all , many would champion milton over shakespeare , for example . 
  and really , as good as many french writers are , when you consider the huge corpus of native english writers and then all of the us , then all of the commonwealth , then the great writers that have adopted english , like nabokov and conrad ... i think you lose . 
   * any language is worth learning * you do n't have unlimited time and resources to learn any and every language so the point here is to make a case for a particular language . 
  your remark is pointless . 
   * singling countries out one at a time is much more effective * and that 's the way you have to spin it . 
  fact of the matter is this union is not singling countries out ` one at a time ' . 
  they 're singling out just the one country . 
  well , you 're happily ignoring those of hamas .
