  economically stupid . 
  krugman - who leans left - on the subject : http://www.nytimes.com/2000/06/07/opinion/reckonings-a-rent-affair.html  * the analysis of * ** rent control ** * is among the best-understood issues in all of economics , and -- among economists , anyway -- one of the least controversial . 
  in 1992 a poll of the american economic association found 93 percent of its members agreeing that '' a ceiling on rents * ** reduces the quality and quantity of housing . 
   the snp+l abour as a left wing alliance will be the only way to achieve a majority of votes in the resulting parliament dup will go with cons . 
  nope . 
  in speech , `` would have '' is shortened to `` would 've '' which ignoramuses think is `` would of '' . 
  then they write it like that and make me wince . 
  it 's an economic issue . 
  the science is largely agreed upon . 
  how much it costs us to mitigate is an economic issue . 
  conservative . 
  i live in a con/lab marginal . 
  i used to be a member of the labour party but became a bit disillusioned with them and left . 
  was appalled at their handling of the economy when in power and their constantly getting it wrong when out . 
  balls ( shadow chancellor / finance minister ) continually warned that osborne 's ( chancellor ) policies would leave us in a deeper recession . 
  in fact we 're growing , have an excellent jobs creation record , and the imf have just endorsed our policies . 
  midland 's refusal to accept overspending last time , pretending all the increase in debt was because we had to spend after the banking collapse is a lie and he knows it . 
  about half the debt was racked up before lehman 's collapse and it was funded by borrowing * during a period of growth * . 
  i also dislike the nannyish tendencies of labour . 
  milliband 's suggestion of making ` islamophobia ' a specific aggravation in hate crime is legally inept ; with the current hate crime legislation already covering it the courts can only interpret a second condition on top as parliament specifically making a special case of ` islamophobia ' under the belief that current legislation is n't addressing the issue - so the courts will tend to become very illiberal in what i think should be basically free-speech matters . 
  i think gove 's education stance was brave and interesting . 
  i am in favour of allowing experimentation in education so that we can see what succeeds and what does n't ; the education establishment of academics , the leas and the teaching unions have had a damaging stranglehold on reform in this area for too long . 
  i dislike the conservative tendency to smuggle in disdain for poor people under the guise of reforming benefit dependency culture . 
  it 's why i 've felt so antipathetic towards them in the past . 
  but i ca n't go with milliband . 
  seemed to be a big deal when it changed from the eec to the ec then to the eu . 
  that is really bad ; otoh there is a tradition with gillray and cruikshank , who the execrable martin rowson of the guardian , who 's really really bad but who fancies himself as their inheritor , has tried to emulate . 
  but i do think that the very best british political cartoons can hold their heads up ; in fact , i 'm not that taken with the french tradition . 
  we will http://historynewsnetwork.org/article/7302, 
   * americans perpetrated indian genocide ... oops , wait , that 's actually true . 
  * nope . 
  imo all of italy should be declared a heritage site . 
  it 's a staggering country . 
  so much history and beauty . 
  china has wrecked quite a large number of sites since the ccp took over , of course ... 
  would it be ok for tim garton-ash to comment ? 
  the law should have been repealed . 
  that it has n't been makes in an embarrassing anachronism . 
  she should then have exercised her power not to bring the case to court . 
  that was n't a wise decision . 
  it was extremely unwise . 
  she looks like she 's pandering to a erdogan , that she cares nothing about the basic freedoms it 's her job to protect , and the political fallout for her has been disastrous, 
  according to the ` no such thing as a fish ' podcast , which is what i imagine prompted this post in the first place , you can rent a guinea pig, 
  er ... your own definition of ` state ' does n't apply . 
  and they * do n't * fit the second definition either . 
  unless you think the poor sods living in raqqa were all islamist nutters before isis wandered in ? 
  not by any accepted definition or understanding . 
  you may have your own personal dictionary there but i 'll tell you what : you do n't have your own personal language . 
  you said :  * calling them terrorists is more comforting that calling them a nation * they * are * terrorists . 
  they are * not * a nation . 
  the process becomes the punishment . 
  the fact of an arrest and a cps refusal to prosecute means you still have a record of an arrest . 
   * but disagree about hitting civilians ( forbidden by the quran by the way ) * depending on your reading of the koran . 
  they are terrorists . 
   * it is when cries of ` all muslims should die ' ... are heard * yeah ... that does n't happen . 
  there is a difference , though , between expressing one 's hatred for a person , or a whole group of people , and directly inciting violence . 
  in my view the first should be legal . 
  right . 
  so , the time the police arrested a student because the student said the policeman 's horse looked gay . 
  you 're not alarmed at that ? 
  they are not at all sensible - especially when you consider that the harassment is deemed harassment not by a reasonable person test but simply if a person * says * they were harassed ; and that not quite uniquely , but very rarely , the supposed harasser then has to prove their innocence . 
  very , very far from being sensible . 
  nope , not me . 
  he seems to have been arrested for inciting racial hatred . 
  i 'm still trying to work out what race he incited hatred against . 
  police too busy arresting people for tweeting, 
   * not everyone thinks that marx was right . 
  * * most * economists would say he was largely wrong . 
  how did that experiment work out ? 
  i 've heard russian is much more difficult - and i 've managed to learn a little mandarin . 
  mandarin is n't so difficult except for ( 1 ) tones and ( 2 ) writing . 
  grammar 's pretty simple . 
  now * russian * grammar , i 'm told , is nightmarish for a native english speaker . 
  mind you russian does sound beautiful . 
  my point is , you do n't know what 's right but were quick to deny the stat . 
  i 'd suggest that reveals a prior commitment to a certain position regardless of the facts . 
   * i am not 100 % sure about that * you seemed very quick to leap in to deny the stat . 
  not entirely . 
  i think all new applicants for membership * have * to ratify the ehcr . 
  not quite correct . 
  before it was subsumed into uk law it was still law applicable to the uk because we 'd signed up to the echr , and judgements could be appealed at strasbourg . 
  there is a difference . 
  we are on the side of what is right , and good . 
  he is n't . 
  or perhaps you do n't agree ? 
  i think i do n't support this but calling it ` seizing assets ' is n't exactly a measured description . 
  the argument is this brings them into line with the standard danish rules for receiving benefits . 
  personally , i think migrants and refugees like this have , largely , been through quite enough , and their position simply is n't comparable to a native dane who 's lived in denmark all his life . 
  still , i 'd like some nuance in the discussion . 
  augustus & julius caesar in rome too . 
  tear them all down . 
  what 's your views of the statues of augustus & julius caesar in rome ? 
  just asking , as you 're the go-to guy for what 's reasonable . 
   * there is no cover up , this story is huge on tv , magazines , newspaper * well , * now * , yes . 
  i think they were * arriving * . 
  you know ? 
  new years eve ? 
   perhaps they did n't fancy discussing a sex crime on a crowded railway carriage ? 
  that 's where you report crimes to police in germany is it ? 
  on a railway carriage ?
