  if you understand totalitarian , genocidal fascism to be an enemy of humanity then ireland 's neutrality was disgraceful . 
   * without knowing that they just appeared to be any other invading country . 
  * revisionist bollocks . 
  what did you imagine mein kampf , the nuremberg laws , and all those fleeing jews were all about ? 
  christ , if you want to tell a convenient lie to make yourself feel better at least tell a plausible one . 
   * to the people at the time , i 'm sure the nazis did n't seem much worse than the english * stupid as well then ? 
   * ww2 neutrality is definitely not one of them . 
  * yes it was . 
  it was pathetic and cowardly . 
  your country 's treatment of irish volunteers was almost unforgivable . 
  your condolences on the death of hitler really is unforgivable . 
  obviously a good reason for supporting a genocidal lunatic . 
  as ireland remained neutral in the face of genocidal totalitarian fascism and actually sent official condolences to germany of the death of hitler , i 'm not sure i have much to argue with churchill about there . 
  what perspective should the invasion of countries - iceland which had remained neutral in the face of the nazis and iran which was positively friendly to the nazis - for strategic purposes when attempting to oppose genocidal totalitarianism , when compared to the aggressive invasion of countries * by * a totalitarian genocidal aggressor give us , do you suggest ? 
  it was irony . 
  last time i was over i did actually talk to some german colleagues about the war and they were understandably exasperated but nevertheless sort of accepting : it was n't , any of it , * their * fault ; but then again they were n't going to put themselves in the position of criticising people who had to make terrible decisions every day in the attempt to defeat totalitarian fascism . 
   * a tiny minority of bostonians supported the ira years ago . 
  irishmen also supported the ira . 
  how would you feel if a bomb went off in cork ? 
  * a fair question . 
  perhaps i overstated my position - but perhaps you 're understating yours . 
  if terrorist bombing of civilians is a horrible thing and the capture of their killers to be celebrated - both of which things i 'm fully , 100 % , completely signed up to - then explain the whooping celebration of the bostonians in contrast to their voting for ted kennedy who very publicly supported the ira and suggested that protestants should be encouraged to leave ulster . 
  it 's the hypocrisy i ca n't stomach . 
   * tutting and saying `` gee , now they know what it feels like '' ? 
  * i have to admit there is an element of that . 
  not smug , not satisfaction , but a grim nod of recognition . 
  perhaps now , i think , perhaps now bostonians will reflect on their previous support for ira sympathisers - and it was a very large minority of them , at least - not directly supporting the ira , but certainly indirectly supporting the ira . 
  yup . 
  i work with lots of them . 
  was talking to several just today as a matter of fact . 
  was over there a month ago on business . 
  have visited for work and holiday lots of times . 
  been all round . 
  like aachen very much . 
  likewise heidelberg , freiberg - where i was a bit spooked cycling through the forest in the pitch dark . 
  very much liked bavaria and climbed the zugspitze - though i 've been told by several germans that bavaria 's sort of the texas of germany . 
  was in berlin towards the end of last year . 
  munich a few years back . 
  loved cologne , fantastic cathedral and very interesting museum right next to it with lots of frankish stuff , and an excellent art gallery further along the river ... and the chocolate museum of course . 
  trier and lindau , on der bodensee very nice , i recall - i think i saw constantine 's mother 's tomb in trier , would that be right ? 
  and the * nuremburgers * i ate in a roll on the street in nuremberg were delicious . 
  also quite interesting further out east , over in chemntiz , where they still have that colossal head of marx . 
  why do you ask ? 
  there was no agreement before 1945 about the legality of area bombing ; wwii was a total war in which the entire civilian population and the state were mobilised to provide for the war effort ; and britain abandoned its previous decision not to use area bombing only after germany flattened rotterdam . 
   * the allies never even made an effort in this regard . 
  * so this is just false . 
  aside from the foregoing i find your protest wonderfully balanced and reasonable . 
  and how refreshing to find a german taking such a position . 
  what would you have had the british do when battling with every last resource against a genocidal lunatic and his willing followers ? 
  very foolish of hitler , his supporters , and everyone who fought in the german armed forces to try to take over all of europe and murder every single jew then , was n't it . 
  yes i know . 
  and my response was also intended to be funny . 
  i suspect the element of truth in it was uncomfortable enough to attract the humour-free downvotes of some french & italian redditors ... 
   * keep your damn restrictions , nobody cares . 
  we do n't even like your arrogant politicians * ok , calm down . 
  we do n't need your permission or approval to keep our politicians . 
  i much prefer our leading politicians , for all their problems , to your ` dr ' ponta . 
   * uk has little appeal to migrants * see , this is empirically simply not true . 
  but i see facts are n't your strong point . 
   * chronic political infighting and corrupt administration make i [ romania ] the least capable of absorbing eu funds ... turkey now ranks above romainia in gdp per head . 
  * so , all in all , i 'll stay contentedly in the uk , happy that such an obnoxious person as yourself does n't actually want to come here . 
  on the other hand i 'll be very ready to welcome the charming , educated romanians who work for my company , whom i 've already met over here , and whom i 'm thankful to say are n't quite as confused as you . 
  have n't you been to ireland ? 
   * the typically british lack of class or style * oh yes , the french could tell us so much about style . 
  all those jumpers over the shoulder . 
  and the italians . 
  everybody wearing a black puffer jacket . 
  such heroic individualism . 
  sorry , it was a bit opaque : i mean to say , that it is simply a matter of freedom whether a university chooses to offer a course conducted in english . 
  if it 's popular it will be subscribed to and the course will succeed . 
  i think the * government * has no business legislating in such matters . 
  and i made a snide jibe at you , suggesting that this is true whether or not you 're convinced . 
  i do n't care if you 're convinced by an obvious argument for freedom : the argument 's powerful enough to stand without your being convinced . 
  given that they could in principle have voted to overturn - and nearly did - should n't you be in favour of leaving anyway ? 
   * i 'm not convinced that switching to english will improve french universities ' reputation . 
  * i do n't think the point of encouraging freedom is to convince you . 
  that 's a bit different from outlawing educational courses conducted in another medium, 
  ` to allow ' ? 
  there are laws against it ? 
  what ? 
   * she created clusters of unemployment where now we can look at 3 generations of unemployed in every famil * unemployment was rising in the uk and all over europe . 
  by the time she left office the uk had a better employment record , which has stayed better , than most of the rest of europe . 
  source : bbc , * more or less * http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p016tpsr, 
  it 's not an innocent mistake . 
  i do ... obviously ... 
  there 's a weird inconsistency in maintaining , on an english website , that spelling ` america ' , ` amerika ' is perfectly ordinary because it just happens to be the * german * spelling , when ` german ' is rendered ` german ' and not deutsch . 
  of course there is the * real * reason it 's used : http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=523580  * `` amerika , alternative political spelling applied to the united states of america , often used as a comment , implying that america has become , or is becoming , either a fascist or communist country . '', 
  its origins were in using the german spelling of america , implying that the usa was fascist ( it is n't ) or something of the sort . 
  so basically , an old and pointless attempt at satire or political commentary . 
  * http://www.revleft.com/vb/why-amerikai-t106968/index.html?s=6d877f681491613c5cfbada7f4932331&amp;amp;, 
  no ... the german translation into english is ` america ' . 
  * amerika * is the translation into german of the english . 
  i notice you do n't say ` deutsch ' here . 
  so why ` amerika ' ? 
   * amerika * it 's ` america ' . 
  it 's completely over the top . 
  and i 'd feel a little kindlier disposed to the stupidly exaggerated response if inhabitants of the city of boston had n't been some of the most enthusiastic contributors to the ira . 
  there is of course the housing markets issue . 
  in addition : the ecb report measures wealth by household . 
  mean household size varies .
