those are not allowed yay freedom, 
  i 'm not trying to explain anything , just stating the obvious . 
  once again , france is fucking everyone else . 
  but that saudi money sure is sweet . 
  europe is trying to address a problem that only exists because europe is trying to address it . 
  what is happening in syria will come to europe soon enough . 
  it should go to the ones who started the mess , but they are an ocean apart and europe is too busy liking their balls to understand that they are already lost . 
  actually , i was referring to the fact that france is , once again , fucking up europe . 
  as interesting as it may seem , `` european values '' nowadays seem to be a synonym for allowing immigrants with nazi-like beliefs to flood europe . 
  keeping people imprisoned and keeping violent invaders outside of the borders are two very different things . 
  what we need is less european nations minding other people 's business . 
  a prosperous and educated society is a perilous idea . 
   why do you expect someone to live in a prison camp in a tent for years with no end in sight i dont . 
  their own land seems perfectly fine for them to live on . 
  no need to increase europe 's `` population density '' . 
  they are good for the ecconomy . 
  left wing hates what is good for the ecconomy . 
  i meant what i wrote and i wrote what i meant . 
  and left-winged extremists are no better than the right-winged ones and are on par with their new extremist friends . 
  please mr france , stop having more ideas for the eu ( z ) . 
  making people aware of the problem sure seems to atract a lot of discordance . 
  hey france , stop taking money to destroy europe and actually try to do something usefull . 
  at least once . 
  no numbers are good numbers . 
  there 's still good judgment in europe . 
  the `` european physical space '' its not abandoned land . 
  eu is lost . 
  better late than never . 
  thats the point . 
  hidding the problem doesnt solve it . 
  perhaps thats the point . 
  truth is , they dont have to anything . 
   humanism defines europe that was until they fill europe with people who want to kill every european, 
  go on sweden , theres still time to ban any party with ideas that the actual ones dislike . 
  uil do . 
  i wrote what i meant and i meant what i wrote . 
  i 'm not your mate . 
  glad you enjoyed the joke . 
  me don now ou to serch ingrish, 
  their rubbish though . 
  anyway , anyone that has worked on retail knows why things are the way they are . 
  their waste though . 
  anyway , anyone that has worked on retail knows why things are the way they are . 
  actually , there 's a lot of them in the roads going to portugal right now . 
  your opinion . 
  finally , someone with balls . 
  let them all go to belgium or strasbourg . 
  oh , you should ask my business partners about what you wrote . 
  doubt you enjoy the answers , though . 
  so , you gon na steal stuff from some to give to others . 
  that gon na end well . 
  actually , we do speak a reasonable good english . 
  with little to no accent , too . 
  we migrated * en masse * to france a couple of decades ago . 
  to work , though . 
  remember ask them for civism . 
  i 'm sure they will comply . 
  sweden is already understanding the kind of product they bought . 
  they still are incompetent lazy idiots that should be fired . 
  fire the manager too . 
  another incompetent lazy idiot . 
  maybe its a warning . 
  its not the first invasion the world sees , wont be the last . 
   why should you fire a public employee because he is incompetent and a lazy idiot . 
  oh no , not the liberal arts leech ... 
  oh boy , you are in for a surprise . 
   guterres can go to hell we 've been wishing that for 15 years ... 
  thankfully , it seems that we might know different germans . 
  one of the problems of europeans is that we believe in fairy tails . 
  i 'll list the entities that would force germany , france or the uk to apply international laws ( let alone the eu ) :, 
  * the council of europe commissioner for human rights * i 'm sure he got that position for being competent , so he sure has the right to lecture everyone else, 
  obvious requirement is obvious . 
  they know your giving away free moneys . . 
  well , a man 's got ta make a living ... 
  oh right , thanks . 
  took a wild guess : c, 
  ornitorrinco well , its similar to the scientific name * ornithorhynchus * . 
  maybe cause its latin we didnt change that much ... idn ... 
  either ban both or none not a eu competence , though, 
  if only the world would give a damn about european legislation ... but it doesnt . 
  so , open up to cheap stuff and watch your industry collapse . 
   stop sitting in your biergartens stop trying to ruin my business : <, 
  * mother russia loves you *, 
  well , someone 's got to pay all those useless directors, 
  everyone loves to invest in a country where they know they will lose money, 
  well , they should ... iberia has a very interesting story that involves their ancestors too . 
  these guys dont read a lot of history books , do they ? 
  my 10 year old shows the same kind of rhetoric . 
  sorry , i 'm not interested in bullshit . 
  portugal is poor because its corrupt as fuck , produces nothing of value and everyone does its best to avoid paying taxes . 
  pretty much like greece . 
  nothing to do with germany . 
  oh , some people do miss the good old soviet times when it was easy to just shut up anyone who had doubts about all the * fair distribution system * bullshit ... 
  good for them . 
  too bad the rest of the eu is more occupied trying to * fairly distribute * the german money insted of actually producing anything of value . 
  we ignore pretty much every factual aspect of it besides the obvious ones ( well , pretty like the majority of the world ) well , we like to pretend we were on the good side , ignoring that , in fact , we were provided the nazis with a substantial amount of materials to the production of bombs and tanks while gladly receiving large sums of gold that were stolen from the ones who died . 
  no mention to that on our history books . 
  yes , i already got that from a different thief . 
  i surely wouldnt donate to a drug addict . 
  not my metaphor , i borrowed it from someone else on the topic .
