  he who preaches about how ez wants to bleed out greece should explain how fiscal transfers for more than 30 years fit on that rhetoric . 
  looking at the result , its obvious that it was one percent more than it should have been . 
  if anything , ww1 shows everyone doing the same , not germany alone, 
  meanwhile , for 30 + years , no one complained about the * bleeding to death * of the fiscal transfers in form of eu fundings that allowed greece to somewhat develop itself to the point where almost looks like a developed country . 
  how does that change the fact that no one complained about * bleeding to death * during the 30 + years of fiscal transfers in form of eu fundings ? 
  there 's no escaping from a black hole . 
   ecb policies that run contrary to its statutes . 
  that is a lie . 
  no one complained about the * bleeding to dead * during the 30 + years of fiscal transfers in form of eu fundings . 
  as long as they already paid for it ... 
  well , stop arresting muslims , that will solve the problem , if there is any . 
  why are we opening free trade with this kind of places ? 
  claiming crimea without opposition seems to have given russia a false sense of power, 
  well , no one can say their werent productive . 
  now he just needs to provide every german with the same income as himself, 
  forgive everything . 
  wait 20 years . 
  repeat . 
   i imagine how horrible it must be for poorer eurozone countries where coins are even more common . 
  oh , we manage pretty well by not having any coins to spend ... 
  well , that didnt seem like a problem the last time i stopped by a * summer party *, 
  the youth is dissatisfied ? 
  is the beer price up ? 
   well if `` la liga '' dont want the fcb money maybe `` la ligue 1 '' wants them . 
  yes , or maybe bundesliga . 
  `` hey boys , we 're up for sale '', 
  they are still a much cheap force of labor , with factories that need to follow none of the stupid rules heavily enforced by the eu . 
  another great place for germans/french to sell their cars . 
  not so great to the poor eu 's countries that will find another competitor . 
  fuck yea , open your doors to slave labored products, 
  show some sympathy for their cultural habits, 
  and the clown wont shut up ... 
  there are many clubs left without fcb . 
  fcb without spanish league , on the other hand ... 
  probably a cultural manifestation of some sort . 
  people have the right to do so , move on . 
  freedom of speech is a menace to the projected future . 
  thats an interesting interpretation of independence . 
  `` we want independence . 
  fuck spain . 
  its ok to play on the spanish liga , though '', 
  if everybody else allows it , that is . 
  witch they should n't . 
  who would have guessed ? 
  obviously being led by people like you is working like a charm . 
  hang them in plain sight as a warning to the rest . 
  well , la liga will never be the same again ... 
  go to military service and die to protect your country 's reach people assets, 
  europe needs more migrants, 
  lol no, 
  well , it would probably be in their best interest . 
  this eu is a farce and the federalization is even worse . 
  well , most of the stocks are from banks , witch are worth exactly nothing . 
  this plays into their interests . 
  the more illegal immigrants , the better . 
  if the uk really believes they have a problem and they really want to solve it , they must make the matter into their own hands . 
  and use force if necessary . 
  great , yet another statue to a mass murderer ... 
  well , welcome to a let winged europe . 
   they may ignore the result . 
  yes , ignore the people that will work well . 
  act on your own and send the middle finger to eu, 
  why are there pro-novorussia activists in germany ? 
  france is long lost . 
  good . 
  i 'd vote for her . 
   the imf is more willing to help greece yea , the imf demanded a lot of reforms to be made by greece . 
  you know , all of those reforms that everyone says that are destroying greece . 
  demands cuts on debt but refuses to make cuts on their share . 
  the fact that the ez hasnt shown the middle finger to these bullshitters is baffling . 
  makes sense to have a plan b. 
  well , they could put it in constance and it would be able to defend 3 countries at the same time . 
  maybe they could share the bill , too, 
  glad to see the uk solving their important maters . 
   law forcing reluctant communities to accept yea , this is going to end very well . 
  surprisingly , trying to hide the problem hasnt solved the problem yet . 
  if the contagion affects private banks it will affect other states and their tax payers . 
  if we hide the problem , there will no longer be a problem . 
   states gain most of their income through taxes , what other money should they use ? 
  none . 
   it 's not yours anymore yea , maybe i should start taking that into account everytime i got the opportunity to evade said taxes, 
  for how long and where do you intend to go ( north , south , anywhere ) ? 
  but thats a hard question for anyone to answer , really . 
  there 's so much to see ... 
  its a proven shitty idea . 
  so ... can we blame germany ? 
  funny thing is ... greece already got an haircut when no one else did . 
  greece already has way better terms in their debt than the other countries . 
  more money to the foreign banks . 
   california oh no . 
  i said what needed to be said . 
  more proposals and less useless talk . 
  everybody can work on proposals , no one will get anywhere with just talking . 
  asking for receipts ? 
  stop oppressing the hard working business owners , you nazi . 
  a bunch of eu countries have way less money than greece . 
  why have people been letting them die all these years ? 
  is he really throwing the card `` would anyone think of the children '' ? 
  lent more money with low interests , way lower than anyone else would give . 
  it may not be a `` give away '' , but it sure is the closest to it anyone will ever get .
