`` so weak '' and `` why do n't they annex portugal ? '', 
  really made me laugh . 
   as if mixing cultures is somehow wrong . 
  it is if the newcomers fail to integrate into the established culture and bring along their own cultural practices at odds with societal norms . 
  i did n't realise it was that bad for freedom of speech in turkey . 
  yeah valid point . 
  that 's kind of what i was saying though ; when i said politicians i was including uk politicians who have gone along with the expansion of the eu ( not in a territorial sense ) without ever consulting the voters . 
  where does it stop for economic migrants from africa ? 
  population is rapidly growing , going to double in 35 years by some studies . 
  if they think they can just move to europe to get an easier life why would they stay in their own countries through the hard struggle to improve things ( which we should be helping them in , but that 's a different point ) . 
  not to mention europe can not support the level of sustained migration we have seen the past year so . 
   nor the right to abandon ... immigrants to their fate we do , actually . 
  not * obliged * to take anyone . 
  or you know families or orphaned children . 
  just not the young adult males that we see making camps in ( eg . ), 
  calais and terrorising the locals . 
  not necesarily old but yeah mostly shotguns . 
  though i wonder if this includes air rifles too . 
  ca n't speak for every country , but at least in the uk originally we signed up for access to a common market , not a federal union of european states ruled by bureaucrats in brussels . 
  the eec was transformed into the eu by politicians and bureaucrats without the people ( at least here ) ever being asked . 
  hence why we are having a referendum now . 
   you could easily argue that bosnia is just looking for the funds that will be offered to it upon joining the eu . 
  exactly this . 
  it 's not that they want to be part of the grand european federalisation . 
  they just want all the cash poland et al. 
  are getting . 
  yeah you 're right , do n't know why i did n't think of that . 
  pretty much evens itself out when you add it all up . 
  my bad , should have checked that more closely . 
  though it does make me wonder where all that money is going if most countries are now net contributors . 
  i 'm not opposed to the eu per se but the bloated bureaucratic institutions and freedom of movement ( at least in regards to benefits ) need reform . 
  not a majority but more than i thought actually . 
  according to this anyway ... http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8036097.stm#start ( net contribution tab ) . 
  ireland is n't in the uk . 
  northern ireland will never leave . 
  if scotland want to leave good luck to them with the price of oil less than half what it was a year ago , no more westminster funding and the snp unable to pass the buck and blame it all on westminster . 
  the uk is a net contributor to the eu , unlike most other countries . 
  we pay in far more than we get out . 
  and you would n't be so disparaging of the migrant crisis if they moved a load of somalis or afghans into your small rural town ; exactly what is happening in germany , sweden and other countries . 
  not to mention the behaviour of ( mostly young adult male ) migrants in calais . 
  just be aware that the tiny amount of smoke you might breathe in from someone smoking in the open air in public is less damaging than the fumes you are breathing in from vehicles etc. 
  ( assuming you 're not standing right next to someone smoking - why would you ? 
  or that smokers are being reasonably courteous and not smoking in the middle of a crowded bus stop or something . ), 
  at least in the uk , tobacco is extremely heavily taxed and does cover much of the healthcare costs . 
  not to mention that most healthcare costs come from maintenance medication and other things associated with old age , something which smoking helps reduce . 
  probably just to keep actors in those countries in work . 
  i do n't know if the people committing these kind of acts ( eg.the group of a dozen teenagers who killed the guy last week ) care about taboos and being politically correct about muslims . 
  this is one of the main reasons i am concerned about us in the uk leaving the eu . 
  knowing our politicians it wo n't take them long to make a deal with some corporation so someone makes a lot of money by walking all over net neutrality . 
  well here in the uk it has all been on the bbc and you could press a button to get a list of all events happening , very good coverage . 
  yeah i try and watch as much as i can . 
  i love the olympics because it 's the only chance to watch some of these sports . 
  aah ok that makes sense . 
  just thought it was odd such a well known area in the centre of paris being left like that . 
  why is n't the city cleaning it ? 
  it 's not hard to remove graffiti these days . 
  a few hundred thousand left wing activists elected him . 
  he does n't have the slightest chance of ever running this country . 
  load of bollocks . 
  this is n't going to happen . 
  quite a few newspapers here in the uk reported it around a year ago . 
  obama even requested they shut that section of their border with syria . 
  turkey is n't completely blameless in the syria situation . 
  remember for a long time they were letting isis come and go across their borders to get between areas of syria they controlled . 
  they were bombing whoever they wanted to support turkic rebels in the north of syria . 
  it 's too easy to just blame the west . 
  the actual situation is far more complicated . 
  i voted remain but i 'm glad we 're leaving . 
  hopefully the eu can go on to federalise and do what it needs to do to thrive , with britain a member it would never have been more than a trading bloc . 
  hopefully everything remains amicable enough that we continue as close allies and trading partners . 
  yeah it was supposed to be a joke ... the only good food here is the stuff we 've imported . 
  you can get a curry here as good as anywhere in the world though . 
   untested new war technology to be used against another major power , what am i missing ? 
  if you want indian or chinese britain is a great place to come to . 
  pretty accurate assessment of the outlook of a lot of british people . 
  i voted remain but am not upset by leaving . 
  i think it will be best for everyone in the long run . 
  i hope the eu can now go on to form the federal nation it needs to be , which would never have happened with britain within it . 
  my first reaction is against a federal europe with britain as a part of it ( but as the article says that 's never going to happen because brits do n't want it ) . 
  having read more into this specifically i can see why it would be best for the eurozone to become use or whatever , and how it would be in britain 's best interestto have a strong united europe as neighbour . 
  so yeah , i admit my first reaction to this article was wrong . 
  this is really interesting . 
  i am considering voting leave because i dislike the idea of a federal europe and further integration . 
  this article makes me want to vote to stay for exactly the reasons he is saying to vote leave . 
  is that what they said ? 
  i thought they just mentioned one union that went against your generalisation , while still mentioning how most trade unions believe it will damage worker rights . 
  seems a pretty balanced post to me . 
  more like `` the eu 's policy of free movement facilitated terrorist attacks '' and i do n't see how you can dispute that . 
   due to its landscape do you mean it 's physical geography ? 
  if so , in what way ? 
  do n't know much about north korea so just curious . 
  it really is n't when you 're talking about someone being chemically castrated for being gay . 
  well within living memory . 
   great observation though . 
  do n't know where you 're from but this is like a cliche of a stand up comedian joke in britain . 
  heard it mentioned so many times . 
  no never heard of that one sorry . 
  well hopefully they 're vindicated in that decision . 
  we do n't know what form future free trade deals may take , and we could well see something like this written in to one . 
   and its been illegal to pay differently for different ethnic groups since like the 60 's .
