we 've warned you about a lot of crisis the eu has experienced before they even happened . 
  particularly concerning currency . 
  i think schengen was another one we had doubts about . 
  `` lol fuck off uk . 
  de gaulle was right '' fine . 
  off we go . 
  `` neither government has given full details of what the deal will involve . '', 
  wait a second before jumping on the anti british bandwagon yea ? 
   for instance going to coffee shops has become much more popular among young adults as oppose to going to pubs . 
  stop lying to the continent please . 
  we drink like we do n't want to live anymore . 
  and have done for hundreds of years . 
  it 's still better than the eu system . 
  oh and protip : a member of the british parliament can sit at his laptop and draft a piece of legislation . 
  get support for it and it moves through the legislature . 
  to either pass or fail depending on support in the house . 
  it 's called a private members bill . 
  so it 's * even * better than the eu system . 
  again . 
  you have your own rather massive gap whereby the commission is conveniently 1 step removed from the european body politic . . they are insulated from the people . 
  the mep 's are a buffer . 
  would you defend a system where the house of lords wrote all the laws and parliament voted on them . 
  but were n't allowed to change them ? 
  unbelievable . 
  even in the heady days of empire . 
  when we were sailing around the world being cunts . 
  the lords and parliament * shared * legislative power . 
  in the modern world it is the parliament that has control of the legislative . 
  not so in the eu system . 
  the house of lords scrutinize and amend government bills . 
  they do n't write laws . 
  and they have n't done since we had an empire . 
  you 're going to need a better example than that i 'm afraid . 
  you 're also forgetting that parliament is sovereign over the lords . 
  the eu parliament is not sovereign over the commission . 
  it 's an indefensible system . 
  any member of our parliament can amend/change/draft or propose new legislation . 
  eu bills come down from on high . 
  and the eu parliament effectively says `` no '' or `` yes '' there is no democratic input from the people the public * actually voted in * the eu has cocooned itself away from the general public . 
  my problem with the eu stems from the `` eu commissioner '' system . 
  the eu commissioners are : 1 . 
  unelected ( by members of the public ) . 
  invulnerable to public opinion . 
  unaccountable to any electorate . 
  immune from the ballot box . 
  unknown to most of the general public . 
  in addition to that , they have consolidated the executive and legislative powers together ; a very dangerous combination . 
  this is dirty politics . 
  and i 'm not sure i want any part in it . 
   it seems to be an abstract construct of bureaucrats . 
  lol . 
  that 's because it 's * exactly * what it is . 
  well phrased . 
  hollywood would like a word . 
  i 'm skeptical we will . 
  it 's the equivalent of re-assuring a customer they 've done the right thing after they 've just handed you their credit card . 
  when greece was gorging itself on cheap credit it certainly was n't . 
  remember that ? 
  when greece had left wing spending with right wing tax collection ? 
  pre everything going to shit . 
  greek pensions and the greek retirement age was ludicrously generous . 
  based completely off of a credit boom . 
  they certainly did n't have the tax receipts to justify the lavishness of the public sector . 
  well actually . 
  greece 's creditors are trying to set a precedent whereby you ca n't run a shockingly inefficient state . 
  spiral horribly into debt . 
  and then get your debt restructured and a stimulus package . 
  a brief thought experiment ? 
  imagine if the american irs was shockingly bad at collecting taxes ? 
  imagine if the federal government was run largely off patronage and cronyism ? 
  imagine if american citizens had a retirement age in there early 50 's ? 
  we 're still angry at greece for actually running a fucking nation state like that . 
  `` if they run short of envelopes . '', 
  oh greece :(, 
  well as long as you and david cameron are all for it , i reckon we 'll be fine eh ? 
  senior back benchers , cabinet ministers , old money , business leaders . 
  there all going to clique up and fight for out likewise . 
  senior business leaders , new money , the pm and his `` team '' within the tory party , are gon na fight to stay in . . you seem overoptimistic it 's all going to work out tbh . 
  there 's a very real chance we 're going to leave the eu, 
  the british elite is incredibly divided on the eu . 
  some of them are all for it . 
  some are not . 
  i 'm guessing you 're a europhile ? 
  you think we should stay ? 
  do n't expect an easy campaign . 
  certain parts of the establishment will throw their considerable money and power into leaving . 
  some will go all out to make sure we stay . 
  it 's going to be a hell of a fucking scrap . 
  watching barcelona play is seeing football played at it 's utmost best . 
  when everyone on this sub is 60/70 years old . 
  we 'll be talking about messi like people talk about pele today . 
  we are witnesses . 
  some people enjoy that . 
  do n't be so smug ... 
  do n't get emotional, 
  we occupied , raped and murdered the irish for well over 500 years , the situation wherein we exported food out of the country at the height of the potato famine is responsible for the wide irish diaspora today `` crushed by the fist '' he needs to choose his words a bit more carefully, 
  i think that 's just scotland tbh . . 
   pose as someone important that would leak though . . 
  there already is . 
  fair enough .
