  it makes sense if you image what 3 christian parties would look like . 
  one will be very right wing conservative , following the bible on all points . 
  the other is the run-of-the-mill christian democrat party . 
  and the last one would be a party for christians who deeply believe in caring for each other . 
  cda , vvd and the smaller right wing parties do n't want to compromise dutch businesses . 
  it 's an immoral , but profitable strategy to lag behind eu rules that you push for . 
  it was not a concrete law ( a motion ) and the parties that wanted it lost their majority . 
  on the other hand , all possible coalitions will require at least 2 green parties . 
  the [ megathread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5zdblx/dutch_general_election_2017_megathread/ ) has lots of information . 
  nowadays pretty much every politician says something about sustainability and leaving the earth in a good state . 
  it 's hard to tell how serious they are . 
  cda and vvd built extra coal plants last time they governed together ( 2010 ) . 
  but they ca n't currently govern without parties that really want a climate friendly policy . 
  sticking to the paris accords would be pretty much guaranteed , and it 's likely that they 'll have to give in more . 
  and if you consider that those parties have multiple people you could vote on there 's 899 people on the ballot . 
  the only reason why left wing coalitions are nigh impossible in the netherlands is because left wing parties are afraid/reluctant to govern . 
  and even if they do , they get punished by their electorate . 
  we have 3 christian parties as well . 
  and weirdly enough denk is mostly turkish nationalist combined with a weird dose of identity politics . 
  they 're also in favour of things like gay marriage . 
  their voters claim they want representation of their ( morrocan/turkish ) community and want better policy against discrimination . 
  while their leaders and electorate are certainly muslim , they ca n't really be described as a muslim party . 
  there 's no chance . 
  the current ruling party ( vvd ) seems to be to far ahead . 
  it seems people do n't really care that much about the biggest party this time around . 
  most of the time the biggest party has 40 + seats , but this time around the 5 largest parties are hovering around 20 seats . 
  so the public clearly seems committed to voting for the party that represents them the closest as opposed to strategically voting to ensure a left/right wing prime minister . 
  in general the election has n't been exciting or shocking . 
  wilders hardly shows up to campaign or debate and does n't have any chance to govern . 
  it shows support by party allegiance . 
  timeline summary : * dutch elections are happening in 3 days * turkey has a referendum to give erdogan more powers in april * turkey wants to send government leaders to the netherlands to campaign * netherlands send back-channel request asking to not do so in front of dutch elections * turkey ignores this and an upcoming visit by foreign affairs minister gets attention in dutch and turkish media * the open protest/campaign event gets forbidden by rotterdam mayor * several venues refuse to host a turkish campaign event * dutch government asks turkey to cooperate and respect local laws * turkish foreign affairs minister announces that he will simply visit and threatens the netherlands with heavy sanctions if he 's stopped * the netherlands stops him by denying his plane from landing * erdogan calls the netherlands fascist and `` nazi remnants '' * turkey sends their minister of family with the plan to drive from germany to netherlands * mayor of rotterdam asks turkish consul general if he has anything planned , which the consul denies * turkish consul general subsequently calls for a protest at his embassy * turkish minister of family splits up cars to avoid detection * rotterdam mayor sends police to the protest and orders them to bar consul general and the minister * minister is stopped in front of the embassy and gets asked to return to germany * after several hours minister of family is escorted back to germany by police, 
  the rotterdam mayor said the following in a press conference : * the turkish consul general lied to the mayor by saying there would n't be protests * the consul general then called for protesters to gather at his consulate * the turkish minister made deliberate attempts to avoid detection by splitting up her cars * the mayor then decided to enact emergency status to deny them both access to the protest interesting irrelevant detail : the mayor of rotterdam is a moroccan immigrant and a practicing muslim . 
  he would n't . 
  it just proves that this has little to do with islam or immigration . 
  what 's even better is that the person telling them to get lost is the mayor of rotterdam . 
  who also happens to be a muslim immigrant from morocco . 
  kind of defeats the idea that this is about populism . 
  edit : here 's and [ old cnn interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwheaasbi3a ) with the guy , he really hates extremists, 
  is n't this the work of aboutaleb , the mayor of rotterdam ? 
  pretty amazing that a left wing muslim immigrant mayor is standing up to turkey in this way . 
   we need to start having calm and rational discussions surrounding immigration without hysteria or hyperbole . 
  this is true , but it 's also important to remember that there 's no solution in discussion itself . 
  the reporter and the people he interviewed kept claiming that if only people were allowed to describe the `` real problem '' , things would be resolved . 
  in the netherlands it has for a long time been acceptable to say that people with a moroccan ethnicity commit more crime . 
  people can go on national tv and say they dislike that their neighborhood has become less white . 
  it has done nothing other than fracturing our society even further . 
  simply saying that children of migrants are heavily over-represented in crime is true , but it does n't point to a solution . 
  they are full citizens and equal by law . 
  while the left 's focus on socieeconomics and discrimination might be frustrating at times , it actually offers more in terms of a solution . 
  you are correct , there 's a lot of other factors . 
  i was mostly trying to explain where the guy was coming from . 
  it 's a statistical claim that only looks at one factor . 
  he 's referring to statistics i think . 
  1 generation back you have 2 ancestors ( father + mother ) , 2 generations you have 4 ancestors then 8 and so on . 
  after 10 generations you over 1,000 possible ancestors , 20 generations is a million and 40 generations would already give you a trillion possible ancestors . 
  there 's of course other variables , but it basically means that at a certain point we all share the same ancestors . 
  and if this woman had any children she 'd be our ancestor as well . 
  one of the explanations i found was that decades ago , digging a hole was required to protect their beach chairs . 
  [ or maybe they do it cause it makes them look funny ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v1ulatz.png ), 
  i think the original plan involved moving trough the netherlands . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-york-north-yorkshire-36481127 ) is brilliant as well , not even orwell or kafka could have made this up :  a man who must give police 24 hours ' notice before he has sex after he was cleared of rape has said the ruling `` puts an end to your life '' . 
   the man , in his 40s , was acquitted last year at a retrial . 
   he has been charged with breaching the terms of the order by refusing to give police the pin to his phone . 
    sexual risk orders were introduced in england and wales last year and can be applied to any individual who the police believe poses a risk of sexual harm - even if they have never been convicted of a crime . 
  [ ... ]   the man , who said the complainant had consented to sex , was cleared of rape after being held on remand for 14 months . 
  his trial heard he had an interest in sado-masochistic sex . 
  [ ... ]   [ the order ] declares the man `` must disclose the details of any female including her name , address and date of birth ... at least 24 hours prior to any sexual activity taking place '' . 
   it also contains restrictions on his use of the internet and mobile phones and requires him to inform officers of any change of address . 
     during his rape trial , jurors heard that the man had visited a fetish club with an ex-partner . 
   the jury also heard evidence from a doctor with whom he had discussed his past . 
  * punishment without conviction * punishing people for not assisting in their own prosecution * punishing sexual deviancy * no patient confidentiality, 
  trump views trade deals only as removing tariffs on certain products . 
  kind of goes against his platform a bit , but w/e . 
  the sovereign country you are deporting them to would deny entry . 
  so you 'd have to start a war and invade them . 
  to deport them you need a deal with the country you want to deport them to . 
  read some reports a while back that said greece was doing better than expected . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-12-06/greece-deserves-credit-for-its-reform-efforts ) [ 2 ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/18/greece-old-reliable-tourism-boom-sooth-battered-economy-brexit-eu ) but it felt to much like pointless bait , so i changed to to a more general example , 
  let 's be honest , there 's almost no news about the numbers for the largest economy here . 
  people post this stuff because they want to brag about how well the uk is doing . 
  the most pointless thing ever , because many countries are putting out good growth and the uk has n't actually changed anything . 
  why do we constantly have threads about the uk economy to begin with ? 
  this sub usually has graphs showing the numbers of all european countries , not individual ones . 
   a trade war with germany where all we have to do is make better cars ? 
  making better cars was germany 's suggestion . 
  trump wants to impose high tariffs on cars . 
  that will mean breaking wto treaties and facing retaliatory tariffs by european countries . 
  also know as a `` trade war '' . 
   the eu is getting more out of the deal than we are . 
  it 's a bad deal . 
  the usa gets the most out of nato actually , they get to run the military side . 
  western european countries are very safe meaning their presence is mostly beneficial . 
  and eastern european countries are only in nato so america can store its weapons closer to russia . 
  it seems kind of dishonest to pretend that estonia is part of nato because of our goodwill or our desperate desire for 2 % of their gdp . 
  it makes sense to not start ww3 . 
  best way to do that is by being clear that article 5 remains valid . 
  and by keeping sanctions . 
  if you go weak on russia you only create more instability . 
  ww3 wo n't be started by a simple declaration of war , if it happens it is because we slowly roll into it . 
  a scenario which only happens if you allow russia to slowly grab land .
