  , , that hurts me in the heart . 
  i do not have them on my doorstep . '', 
  google messed up a bit there . 
  the owner is actually saying : `` i can not service those people '' `` it hurts my heart . 
  i do n't want them on my doorstep . '', 
  the second quotations is a tiny bit off as well , the g\u00fclen supporter actually says : `` while i already was used to people calling me a whore on social media , they now call me a traitor and a terrorist , who does not have the right to live . '', 
  and `` somebody who called himself hakan wanted to know where i was . 
  he called everybody who likes g\u00fclen a terrorist and an accomplice to the deaths in turkey . '', 
  since then she has been extra altert `` for one i am not going to stand close to any windows . 
  it is bizarre that this is happening in the netherlands . '', 
  firstly , malta is a smaller country , fulfilling the presidency is going to be more difficult for them . 
  and there 's also this :  member states holding the presidency work together closely in groups of three , called ` trios ' . 
  this system was introduced by the lisbon treaty in 2009 . 
  the trio sets long-term goals and prepares a common agenda determining the topics and major issues that will be addressed by the council over an 18 month period . 
  on the basis of this programme , each of the three countries prepares its own more detailed 6-month programme . 
    the current trio is made up of the presidencies of the netherlands , slovakia and malta . 
  malta extending would mean the current trios would take time away from the next one . 
  it 's still possible of course , but there 's some reasons why another route might be taken . 
  estonia will get their term after the uk 's term , there 's no problem there . 
  it 's possible that they give estonia a few more months , but malta ( who has the term before the uk ) is going to have a much harder time extending theirs . 
  so it 's most likely that a new country is going to have to step in regardless . 
  i think they would piss off the rest of europe if they did that . 
  belgium , the netherlands or ireland are all better choices . 
  the uk would want a country with a great interest in keeping up trade and political relations with the uk . 
  i doubt that davis truly wants a deal limited to free tariffs , such a deal would be tiny . 
  so he still has n't really made clear what he wants exactly . 
  he refers to not wanting immigration , which would only really be relevant to the single market deal . 
  so if he does n't want the single market , why would he bring that up ? 
  it 's possible that he sees tariff-free trading as `` single market without the free movement '' . 
  [ professor of european law ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustypbked8y&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=17m1s ) : `` nobody really cares about tariffs , tariffs are easy . 
  you either have taxes or you abolish them , that 's easy . 
  the holy grail of international trade is how you deal with regulatory barriers '' . 
  during the aftermath of the mh17 plane crash , timmermans told a tv program that one of the victims was found with an oxygen mask , implying that the victims were conscious during the crash . 
  this turned out to be inaccurate as forensic research did n't find fingerprints or saliva on the mask . 
  so according to some conservatives he 's a liar , the spawn of satan and unfit for his job . 
  because if you have n't worked as a stockbroker , you have n't worked at all . 
  sure , but does n't the winner taker all system make swing states way more important than other states ? 
  because the us population is to proud to improve it ? 
  that does n't seem to accurate to me . 
  the snp supported alternative vote , and scotland had a much larger proportion of yes voters than england . 
  so how can you possibly blame them for a broken system when they seem way more willing to fix it than the english themselves ? 
  he will never get an absolute majority . 
  there 's to many other parties for people to vote on . 
  the court case revealed that party members instructed the audience . 
  when you are talking about immigration it 's fine . 
  but dutch moroccans are mostly people who are born in the netherlands . 
  publicly claiming that you want less of them , and even saying you are going to make sure of it goes way to far . 
  he was on shaky ground before it . 
  the previous government could have been a government with the pvv and 2 other ( larger ) parties . 
  however wilders did n't want to commit to actually governing , so instead we were left with a setup where there was a minority rule cabinet that got separate support from wilders ' party . 
  2 years later he refused to support a budget deal and the whole construction fell apart . 
  so he had already burned a lot of bridges with the few parties that would work with him . 
  and more importantly , people started to see voting for him as pointless since he would n't be governing anyway . 
  yeah , in order to call a binding referendum he 'd even need to change the constitution . 
  there 's a lot of that in his party , but on the other hand you have a prominent members like martin bosma , who is essentially a libertarian . 
  it was david cameron who promised people a referendum . 
  and besides , dutch laws and the dutch political landscape are completely different . 
  most dutch right wing parties are against referendums of any type , and after today 's fiasco i doubt they 'd want to promise one in order to gain some votes . 
  wilders is pretty much done for anyway . 
  he asked a crowd if they want more or less people of moroccan origin in the netherlands , instructed them to chant `` less , less , less '' and then promised people he was going to take care of it . 
  after that incident other parties have refused any cooperation with him or his party . 
  i doubt that 's going to change for a referendum nobody wants about a topic nobody wants to discuss . 
  absolutely no chance that other parties will go along with it . 
  and the dutch constitution does n't allow for a referendum like that anyway . 
  this is all just scaremongering guys / s, 
  why would it be sick to further ** her ** values after she 's been murdered for them ? 
  van rompuy has a long political career and was at one point prime minister of belgium . 
  leadership posts are usually given to smaller neutral countries to make sure there 's no imbalance between german , french and british power . 
  so it 's no wonder he 's kind of unknown to some . 
  he 's more qualified than the uk commissioner anyhow , so i do n't get the complaints by farage . 
   he was still talking to an american audience , obviously trying to win them over . 
  except he did n't . 
  in the week prior to his broadcast the mayors of the largest us cities sent an open letter saying they wanted the us to take in more refugees and claiming that they could easily handle it . 
  the us at that point only let in 4000 syrian refugees in 4 years , which is less than the netherlands let in in 1 month . 
  so instead of asking the american audience to take in refugees from the unchr camps , he mainly blamed eastern european countries for not being welcoming of the boat-refugees . 
  he never even mentioned the possibility for america to welcome people like the girl shown in the video . 
  you have a right to food , shelter and healthcare . 
  if society refuses to sell you food , or doctors refuse to treat an illness , your human rights are being violated . 
  when doctors refuse to cut your genitals for non-medical reasons you are simply out of luck , society does n't have to provide that service . 
  having a doctor cut off parts of genitalia for non-medical reasons is not a human right . 
  the medical system/doctors should not be required to provide this service which means it in fact can not be a human right . 
  well , if you have newspapers and pundits telling you that there 's millions of immigrants coming into your country to commit crimes , terror attacks and to rape your women , people lose their perspective of safety and freedom . 
  all this text , and it still manages to miss the `` this is what brexiteers actually believe '' caption . 
   how do you really explain to people in baltics and slovakia that their tax money will now be spent on effectively paying for a wealthier country 's debts ? 
  i do n't think they have to . 
  greece does n't have to repay the debts for another 5 years or so , so the decision to forgive them is being pushed back . 
  britain already has passport checks ... 
  did you look at the graph ? 
  even during the refugee crisis uk people did n't say the eu is one of the most important issues . 
  it 's only when the campaign started that uk people started to care about it . 
  people will never admit that they based their vote on the event , but it probably had a sizable effect on the total votes that rutte got . 
  or rutte being absent . 
  the uk and the netherlands are huge trading partners . 
  and there 's plenty of people who genuinely do n't like that their city has fewer `` true dutch people '' . 
  there 's lots of left wing parties that are unable or unwilling to take responsibility . 
  if a party is n't willing to compromise , they ca n't govern in a coalition . 
  wilders is from limburg . 
  and xenophobia often rises in areas where there 's no immigrants . 
  those living closer to immigrants often know that the tabloid stories do n't match with reality . 
  pvda , d66 , groenlinks , christenunie , pvdd and sp .
