  he then promised he would make it happen . 
  i hope you can see why that is on a different level . 
   lol the cnn . 
  it 's an editorial written by trump himself ...  it remains the main permanent expense of the us military - this is certainly going to change . 
  either because european countries are going to start paying up , or nato is going to be starved out of europe in terms of resources . 
  like i said , america wants to be able to defeat every other country on the planet . 
  so having bases in europe is useful . 
  trump indicated he wants to increase spending on the military , so he 's not actually that upset about cost . 
  [ the future of europe , as well as the united states , depends on a cohesive global economy . 
  all of us must work toward together toward that very significant common goal . 
  - donald trump 2013 ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2013/01/22/business/opinion-donald-trump-europe/ ), 
  trump wants to increase us military spending by 500 billion over the next 10 years . 
  so he 's not actually worried that the us is spending to much . 
  secondly , us military policy is based on being able to fuck up every country on the planet . 
  having military bases in europe is actually advantageous to that goal . 
  if america wants to be able to defeat every country on the planet with only having forces stationed in the us , they 'd have to spend way more money . 
  it depends on who the real trump is . 
  [ the future of europe , as well as the united states , depends on a cohesive global economy . 
  all of us must work toward together toward that very significant common goal . 
  - donald trump ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2013/01/22/business/opinion-donald-trump-europe/ ), 
  i 'm not talking about the us choosing between europe or the uk . 
  however a trade deal with a uk in the single market would mean the market they negotiate for is way larger . 
  it would also mean the uk is limited in what they could promise the us , as they 'd have to abide by eu regulations . 
  so whether or not the uk is in the single market matters a lot , and the us will probably have to wait until the uk has cleared up its position . 
  no , if the us trades with single market uk they would be trading with 430 + 70 = 500 million people . 
   politicians will focus on the large population centers as opposed to focusing on a small amount of swing states while ignoring all other states ? 
  in a representative election the large population states would actually be competitive . 
  currently they will always lean democrat so there 's no reason for the other party to campaign or care about those voters . 
  and should n't low population areas be represented by their respective states ? 
  thing is , until the uk decides on their future status with the eu they will be very limited in their negotiations . 
  being in the single market for example would mean the uk market is restricted by eu regulations . 
  and i 'm sure the us would also like to know if they are trading with a market of 70 million or a market with 500 . 
  this article is not about the delay due to legal proceedings . 
  it 's about an anonymous tip that the dutch food safety agency received . 
   the dutch food watchdog has said allegations it knew about a potentially dangerous egg contamination as early as last year are `` untrue '' . 
   but nvwa inspector-general rob van lint did admit to receiving an anonymous tip-off that a harmful insecticide had been used in november . 
  [ . . ]  mr van lint added : `` at that time there was no indication of an acute danger to food safety . 
  there was not a single indication that fipronil could also be present in eggs . '', 
  you could argue that more investigation should have been done , but claiming that they knew of contaminated eggs seems false . 
  the toxic substance even gets into the chickens . 
  after cleaning the stables , the chickens need to be underfed for weeks , with the hope that their fat layers shrink enough for the levels of toxic to drop . 
  many farms have chosen to kill all of their chickens , because they ca n't afford the cost of keeping their chickens without the income of their eggs . 
  the title is inaccurate and the article does n't even elaborate or source the claim . 
  in november the food safety agency received an anonymous tip about the usage of fipronil to clean stables . 
  the tip did not mention eggs being contaminated , and they were n't tested . 
  turning that into `` the dutch knew '' and `` they kept quiet '' seems incredibly dishonest . 
  on july 7th the police raided the company that sold the poisoned cleaning agency , after checking the administration logs and going trough legal loopholes , the food safety agency got to test the eggs on july 20th . 
  on july 22 the first farm was closed , and about a week later the public was warned . 
  that 's still a worrying delay and worth discussing , but this article offers little . 
   that does n't mean that the uk has to apply those regulations domestically . 
  in some cases it does . 
  if you want a deal with the usa they will ask you to accept chlorine washed chicken , when you make a deal with the eu they will ask exclusive rights to a tons of produce ( parmesan , champagne , feta ) . 
  creating easy access for ones own products is part of what trade deals aim to achieve . 
  the poison was distributed by a belgian poultry company to a dutch poultry company . 
  the dutch company added it to their organic anti-lice spray . 
  the belgian company denies any knowledge about knowing the purpose of the poison they sold . 
   the company she hired fraudulently provided false data . 
  the company claimed they were using a treatment based on essential oils , menthol and eucalyptus . 
  it 's a bit naive to buy into that stuff , especially when it is working so well . 
  but the company that sold the product did lie and mislead farmers . 
  [ sadly , it is based on truth . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal )  in august 2014 the jay report concluded that at least 1,400 children , most of them white girls aged 11 -- 15 , had been sexually abused in rotherham between 1997 and 2013 by predominantly british-pakistani men . 
  a `` common thread '' was that taxi drivers had been picking the children up for sex from care homes and schools . 
  the abuse included gang rape , forcing children to watch rape , dousing them with petrol and threatening to set them on fire , threatening to rape their mothers and younger sisters , and trafficking them to other towns . 
  there were pregnancies -- at least one at age 12 -- terminations , miscarriages , babies raised by their mothers , and babies removed , causing further trauma . 
   the failure to address the abuse was attributed to a combination of factors revolving around race , class and gender -- contemptuous and sexist attitudes toward the mostly working-class victims ; fear that the perpetrators ' ethnicity would trigger allegations of racism and damage community relations ; the labour council 's reluctance to challenge a labour-voting ethnic minority ; lack of a child-centred focus ; a desire to protect the town 's reputation ; and lack of training and resources . 
  yeah , and you might have to renounce the uk citizenship as well . 
  there 's ways around it , but a lot relies on specifics . 
  your father should be fine though . 
  although if the uk exits the union and he has dual citizenship , he will lose his dutch citizenship after 10 years unless he renews his passport . 
  yes , if your mother is british he wo n't lose his dutch citizenship if he gains the uk one . 
   as a rule , you will lose your dutch nationality if you voluntarily acquire another nationality . 
  there are three exceptions to this :  [ ... ]  3 you have acquired your spouse 's or registered partner 's nationality . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.government.nl/topics/dutch-nationality/loss-of-dutch-nationality/automatic-loss-of-dutch-nationality ) fun fact , you might even be able to request dutch citizenship for yourself . 
  location of birth does n't matter , if you have a dutch parent you can receive citizenship . 
  you would still have to deal with the human rights organisation and unhcr reports . 
  getting an eu wide detention system would require the unanimous consent of 27 countries , so it would be nigh impossible . 
  the eu would much rather focus on negotiations with other countries to make them to take their migrants back . 
  no , i 'm saying that you would need to work together with libya . 
  the guy i responded to said `` we need the coast guard to do it 's job '' , and many others have claimed that you can just send the boats back . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  the eu is already looking at further cooperation with libya . 
  most boats enter international waters close to libya and get picked up there . 
   we have no idea who those `` 50 other ones '' are . 
  erdogan rules many things in turkey and i do n't think he wants to have a great relation with europe . 
  how are we guarantued we do n't get more dangerous people here this way . 
  that 's a great point . 
  and your guess is right because turkey did send back the more problematic cases . 
  but the goal of the eu-turkey deal was not to get better migrants , it was to stop immigration , which it did in the long term . 
   but i do n't understand how quota system is a long term solution . 
  it has no huge direct effect , but it could allow the eu to make other solutions . 
  if you have a legal road , then closing the illegal one becomes easier . 
  non-eu countries , the left wing and human rights treaties all become less of an obstacle if you can point to a refugee distribution system that tries to take care of the real refugees . 
  the solution that i did n't mention yet is pressuring countries like nigeria and morocco into taking back the illegal migrants that originate from their countries . 
  australia has countries that it can build processing centres in . 
  if you build a large detention/processing center in a non-populated area of the eu you 'll need a quota system to distribute the refugees that are legitimate . 
  refugees would still be allowed in , so it would not stop arrivals from somalia , syria and eritrea . 
  the benefits are also only significant if the circumstances in the camps are poor . 
  countries are already allowed to detain illegal immigrants and make efforts to return them . 
  getting 27 countries to agree means you need the consent of the most progressive countries , which makes the eu wide detention center difficult to pull off .
