  largest does not imply he gets a majority of the seats . 
  it only means he is the largest party , which would be valuable if he had a workable relationship with other parties . 
  and as we get closer to the election , voters could move towards the big parties to ensure that either the right or left becomes the largest . 
  wilder 's party lost a lot of seats due to that effect last time . 
  sure , but that does n't mean the budapest memorandum can be broken at will . 
  the country gave up nukes in return for their sovereignty being respected and protected . 
  so if that guarantee turns out to be worthless , there 's no way other countries would make a similar deal . 
   this means ukraine 's sanctions will be dropped . 
  combined with trump 's stance against the iran deal , nuclear disarmament is dead . 
  ukraine is the one country that gave up its nukes , if we lift sanctions after 5 years there 's no way other countries will ever make the same mistake ukraine made . 
  he is getting about [ 1/6th ] ( http://frontbencher.nl/peilingen/ ) of the seats . 
  he 's close to being the largest though . 
  and while most other parties vowed they would never work together with him , it 's going to be hard to ignore his party if they become the largest . 
  having the government control media is equally bad or even worse though . 
  i think it is mostly down to the media . 
  the divide in society used to have a media bridging them . 
  news has become way more partisan and people have locked themselves in echo chambers . 
  i mean think about it . 
  if you watch fox news and read breitbart , then voting for trump only makes sense . 
  he might try to end the russia sanctions . 
  he will be able to elect conservative supreme court justices . 
  you guys better hope that ginsburg will make it for another 4 years . 
   according to 538 : 26 % that is based on states that are decided + the old predictions . 
   * 538 's nate silver : *  as a reminder , the odds you see on the right-hand side of this page are based only on pre-election projections and called states . 
  clinton is n't really a 73 percent favorite right now -- trump holds narrow leads in many swing states , some of which are likely to be called for him eventually , so her actual odds are probably lower . 
  it fits the same purpose , but there 's a few differences . 
  * the court is public and permanent * will allow for appeals * appointed judges * more detailed documentation of cases * more rights for governments to pass regulations i do n't think wallonia was suffering from any type of insanity . 
  i 'm just stating that 's is very much possible that they got some say in how the court will be set up . 
  the investor court in ceta is a new system , different from isds . 
  so it 's not unthinkable that the walloons got some guarantees about its eventual function . 
   personally though i do n't really like all these referendums and would rather have representatives take care of it . 
  i fully agree . 
  it 's really sad that the biggest supporters of referendums are the progressive parties , who i otherwise agree with . 
  they will probably let the signatures count for both referendums . 
  it 's against the spirit of the referendum to even collect signatures before the law has passed . 
  officially you have to submit 10.000 signatures 4 weeks after the law has passed and then collect the required 300.000 . 
  but the progressive parties have had a surprising lack of foresight creating the referendum legislation , so it might be perfectly legal . 
  you can request a referendum within 10 weeks after a law has been passed . 
  it does mean that laws and ratification are not fully reliable for at least 10 weeks , and if a referendum is successfully called , for at least another half of a year . 
  the treaty has not been fully ratified . 
  and since the netherlands and other eu countries are autonomous they can cancel at least the portions of trade agreements that are not under eu authority . 
  some parts of the treaty concern areas that are outside eu authority . 
  so those parts will have to be ratified by the member states . 
  meanwhile the parts that are under eu authority can be slowly implemented . 
  only dutch citizens that are 18 years or older . 
  the raid on the village mentioned in the video was the [ putten raid ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/putten_raid ) . 
  an attack on a wehrmacht vehicle by the dutch resistance left 1 soldier dead and 1 soldier wounded . 
  in response the commander of the wehrmacht ordered the nearby village of putten surrounded . 
  602 men were rounded up and deported , pretty much the entire male population of the village . 
  after the war only 48 returned . 
  that 's a great point . 
  however people have been collecting signatures against ceta by putting it in the same petition as ttip . 
  cynical prediction : it 's safe to say the dutch will probably call a referendum to block the entire thing . 
  with that referendum taking place around september 2017 , the real question becomes if someone else will manage to torpedo it first . 
  maybe the german bundesrat ? 
  the signatures are not collected by the government . 
  there 's people who campaign for the referendum and they will collect signatures . 
  so in that sense the signatures collected bij geenstijl / geenpeil were collected as signatures for an `` eu-referendum '' . 
  and yes , the group that set things up innitially as well as the largest supporting website both indicated they did this as a statement against the eu . 
  you are correct . 
  you can only call referenda on laws 4 weeks after they pass parliament . 
  within that time you need 10.000 signatures . 
  then theres 6 more weeks to get the total of 300.000 signatures . 
  so in the case of ceta , there 's still 10 weeks or so to call the referendum . 
  but since lisbon passed years ago a referendum ca n't be called on that . 
  unless the government changes the absurd system , ceta will most likely have to be delayed untill august/september 2017 . 
  nope , geenstijl published theories about ukrainian fighter jets hovering above mh17 . 
  they even had one columnist saying it was possible that a ukrainian soldier accidentally launched a buk-rocket . 
  and that 's not even mentioning the constant attempts to discredit the dutch investigation and the bellingcat research . 
  the netherlands signed earlier than some other countries . 
  so when the referendum was called the eu could still delay the treaty from going into effect . 
  however you are correct about the implication for treaties . 
  people have been collecting signatures against acta and ttip before the agreements are even signed ( which is ironic since the referendum is supposed to be for correcting government decisions ) . 
  they already have over 190.000 signatures and they have more than 10 weeks to get the 300,000 . 
  they are supported by large unions . 
  so yes , there 's a very high chance that ` the dutch people ' will decide the same for ceta . 
  if you thought the situation in belgium was embarrassing , you are in for a treat . 
  there will probably be a ceta referendum in september 2017 ... 
   you do n't know why they did , they may well have had perfectly valid reasons . 
  this is exactly why the referendum is 100 % useless . 
  at least with ceta we knew what the walloons did n't like . 
  there 's no proper way for the dutch government to negotiate because there 's no telling why people voted against . 
  it 's a waste of money and a huge waste of everyone 's time . 
  the people voting wo n't even be happy , because they thought they voted against the very concept of having a treaty with ukraine , when in reality they only voted against passing the current draft . 
  a new draft will be made and even the winners of the referendum will feel angry and betrayed . 
  they wo n't ignore it . 
  it 's election time . 
  the whole thing was sold and promoted as a `` eu-referendum '' . 
  the creators of the referendum even admitted that their main goal was destabilizing the eu . 
  although some populist sites did suddenly post a lot of anti-ukrainian rhetoric . 
  this ranged from illegal ukrainian immigrants coming to steal jobs to downright blaming the mh17 downing on ukraine . 
  so sadly it 's no surprise that there 's people who seem misinformed . 
  short summary of the situation : in 2015 the association agreement with ukraine was signed by most countries . 
  the dutch government passed it with a large majority in favor . 
  parts of the treaty that were under eu authority were gradually implemented . 
  earlier that year , the netherlands made it possible to call a referendum on any legislation that has recently been passed by the dutch government . 
  the idea was to allow the dutch people to ` correct ' mistakes by the government . 
  a group of eu-critics devised a plan to use the referendum law to block the recently passed treaty . 
  they admitted doing this with the objective of destabilizing the eu . 
  they found some allies and soon a campaign was launched to call a referendum .
