  the goal of the us army is not to be able to hold countries off . 
  it is to be able to actually defeat countries . 
  and foreign bases are essential for that goal . 
  that 's why they exist . 
  there 's also no way that countries like belgium , germany and portugal will drag you into any kind of war . 
  in fact , the opposite has happened . 
  european kids died having to help the usa with whatever the hell it is doing in the middle east . 
  the only risk comes from countries close to russia , like the baltic states . 
  and those are only members because the us wanted it . 
  so kindly take the self righteous indignation to your own politicians . 
  the european council should have open meetings and open votes . 
  more matters that consider the eu should be handled there in an open and clear way . 
  currently you have informal meetings where all heads of state have to agree unanimously , followed by every single country moving legislation past parliaments , senates , sub-governments , royal assent and referendums . 
  you could keep the unanimous part , but we 'd be better off if it was one vote by the european council followed by the european parliament voting on ratification . 
  people already believe things like ceta , greek loans and the migrant crisis are eu decisions anyway . 
  we 'd be better off if we just made it so and gave people transparency . 
  the same thing can be said for fgm actually . 
  less skin = less risk . 
  did n't the imf get its money back already ? 
  it was considered and found pointless . 
  most of the concerns of the no campaign were n't about the content of the deal , so there was no need to change the deal . 
  the no campaigners also refused to meet the pm to discuss their wishes for renegotiation . 
  unsurprisingly they all went on to create their own political parties instead . 
   there 's no deal . 
  nothing changed . 
  the eu countries agreed with an addition to the treaty . 
  do n't underestimate what has been done , many other eu countries view the ukraine positively . 
  to them this does n't feel like nothing . 
   that 's what people voted for after all . 
  no , people advised the current government not to take the current deal . 
  there has never been a mandate to not make deals with the ukraine . 
  in response to the advice , rutte got a deal that solved the major fears of the no-campaign . 
  of course those fears where baseless , so in reality nothing changes . 
  but i guess that just proves why you do n't run campaigns based on fear-mongering and lies . 
  the no-campaign played themselves . 
  there 's no real concessions though . 
  there was a lot of fear-mongering about the treaty . 
  people for example claimed that the treaty would lead to ukraine becoming a member of the eu . 
  or that it would lead to millions of ukrainians being allowed to work in the netherlands . 
  prime minister rutte figured he could simply ask the eu to promise the treaty does n't do those things . 
  however the people who organized the referendum sold it as a '' [ eu-referendum ] ( https://nos.nl/data/image/2016/02/03/253739/864x486.jpg ) '' and some openly claimed their motivation was destabilization of the eu . 
  for many voters and the referendum was a way to point out how undemocratic the eu is . 
  so the treaty being passed wo n't make them happy at all . 
  it seems like there 's [ plenty of evidence ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/politicaldiscussion/comments/5hhn4t/cia_assessment_says_russia_was_trying_to_help/db0zali/?st=iwqm6ds1&amp;sh=69bb136d ) . 
  the unesco states art should be returned to the sovereign state where the art came from . 
  the ukraine sees the art as possession of the state . 
  the only way to overrule that is if crimea was considered a sovereign state . 
  to be clear : the works were n't stolen , they were borrowed from museums in crimea . 
  the question is to who the works need to be returned . 
  crimea is not recognized as a sovereign state so the judge ruled they have to be handed ( back ) to ukraine as opposed to the crimean museums . 
  edit : the storage has cost the museum 300.000 so far , so it 's not like they are profiting either . 
  same for the netherlands , but we 'll also supply everyone with [ cocaine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nederlandsche_coca%c3%afnefabriek ), 
  the person i responded to claimed that people voted for trump to secure free speech . 
  when as you say , trump would pass laws restricting it . 
  he has filed lawsuits against comedians and threatened the new york times with a lawsuit as well . 
  the judge said that there 's limits to free speech in the netherlands . 
  and let 's not forget the us also has limits on freedom of speech . 
  trump literally promised he would go after the press if he won ...  `` one of the things i 'm going to do if i win -- and i hope we do , and we 're certainly leading -- i 'm going to open up our libel laws so when they write purposely negative and horrible and false articles , we can sue them and win lots of money , '', 
  do n't forget exodus 4  at a lodging place on the way , the lord met moses and was about to kill him . 
  but zipporah took a flint knife , cut off her son 's foreskin and touched moses ' feet with it . 
  `` surely you are a bridegroom of blood to me , '' she said . 
  so the lord let him alone . 
  turkey is part of nato . 
  if renzi did n't bring up his potential resignation we 'd know that for sure . 
  the prime minister of italy said he would resign if people voted no . 
  so the referendum became a vote on the government . 
  russia indeed sponsors many right wing extremists , but isis is more than just an asshole , 
  538 had trump at 30 % and the nyt had him at 20 % . 
  ironically , the idea that the media deliberately miscalculated polls is fake news . 
  betting sites were pretty much in line with the nyt and 538 made very clear that the race was going to be closer than 2012 . 
  not anymore , bannon dragged it into deplorable territory . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.dailywire.com/news/8441/i-know-trumps-new-campaign-chairman-steve-bannon-ben-shapiro ) the thoughts of a conservative that knew and worked for andrew breitbart :  andrew breitbart despised racism . 
  truly despised it . 
  he used to brag regularly about helping to integrate his fraternity at tulane university . 
  he insisted that racial stories be treated with special care to avoid even the whiff of racism . 
  with bannon embracing trump , all that changed . 
  now breitbart has become the alt-right go-to website , with yiannopoulos pushing white ethno-nationalism as a legitimate response to political correctness , and the comment section turning into a cesspool for white supremacist mememakers . 
   many of these people are at a point where they will even lie to pollsters because even they represent `` establishment '' . 
  [ fivethirtyeight : ` shy ' voters probably are n't why the polls missed trump ] ( http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/shy-voters-probably-arent-why-the-polls-missed-trump/ ), 
  are n't those about statements made in public ? 
  oudkerk made his statement in a private conversation with job cohen . 
  they were overheard by a nearby camera . 
  context is hard . 
  oudkerk was asked if a populist politician would see the same success in his city , and he essentially said : * ` the same , because we also have awful/cunt moroccans here . 
  ' * yes , he called them cunts , but there 's no law against insults . 
  spekman said : * `` the moroccans that do n't want to abide by law have to be humiliated , in front of their own community . 
  if you only warn them they will laugh at you . 
  and jailtime only gives them status . 
  you have to treat them in such a way that they lose status . 
  that 's the only thing that works '' . 
  * the policy that he talked about was handing out ` werkstraffen ' , meaning forcing people to do community work in their own neighborhoods . 
  no incitement of hatred here . 
  from the correct quote you can see that he certainly was not talking about all moroccans . 
  after spending a year as a streetcoach , labour politician samsom was asked if wilders was correct , samson replied : * it 's true that they are mostly moroccans . 
  thanks to a mixture of circumstance these boys have gotten an ethnic monopoly on this kind of nuisance . 
  it has become the ground zero of the integration debate . 
  but it has nothing to do with islam . 
  the more pious , the less trouble they will give you * . 
  certainly a dumb way to say it , but i do n't see how he 's really inciting hatred here . 
  wilders incited his audience to call for a reduction of an ethnic group in the netherlands .
