  the preferred approach is getting countries like morocco to take back their illegal citizens , so you can get rid of them instead of having to keep them locked up . 
  as a sidenote , here 's the requirements that a eu detention center has :  * the conditions of detention must be in full respect of fundamental rights and meet national and international standards ;  * migrants should be placed in a specialised detention centre . 
  where this is not possible , they might be in a prison but separated from ordinary prisoners  * migrants should be able to contact their legal representatives , family members and consular authorities ;  * their detention should be regularly reviewed by the relevant national authorities . 
  in cases of long periods of detention , any such review will be supervised by the courts . 
   * the right to contest a return decision ;  * the right to seek legal advice ;  * the right to language assistance , such as interpretation or translation , where necessary ;  * the right to have the unity of their family respected . 
  efforts will be made to house migrants together with their family members and to return them together ;  * the right to emergency health care and essential treatment of illnesses ;  * in the case of children , the right to access to basic education depending on the duration of the stay . 
  migrants are n't allowed in , some are allowed to stay others are difficult to send back . 
  smugglers make closing the borders difficult , especially on sea . 
  even if you stop a smugglers boat , you ca n't send it back to libya unless you have consent of that country . 
  and you ca n't send ejected asylum seekers home unless they cooperate or if you have the consent of their home country . 
  the eu is currently trying to make deals with countries , but libya for example is very unstable . 
  which makes it difficult from both a political as well as a moral perspective . 
  not just politically , it 's also very difficult from a legal perspective . 
  technically the boats are not doing anything wrong . 
  and since stopping them is going to lead to a short term increase in drowning , the moral price will be high as well . 
  the turkey deal and quota systems are long term solutions . 
  they just suck short term . 
  a non-eu country needs to agree to take back migrants , so you will have to promise them something in return . 
  the easiest way is to promise them that you will take in as many refugees as you send back . 
  so if we send 50 people back to tukey , we will take back 50 other ones . 
  this slowly stops individuals from making the expensive and dangerous crossings because they have no guarantee of making it . 
  setting a refugee quota ends the guarantee of ending up in welfare states . 
  it allows countries to tighten immigration . 
  several international treaties give migrants and refugees rights , a quota system could fulfill those legal obligations . 
  so you ca n't send back a refugee now , but if you for example have a quota system where you take in refugees from a neighboring country , you could send them back to enter the queue there . 
   right now there still seems to a sense of resignation that the route ca n't be closed . 
  it could be , you just need enough political will and popular support to go against the twisted narrative pushed by the media . 
  you do n't even have the will to type out your solution and its consequences . 
  how can you ask the politicians to carry it out ? 
  care to share that information ? 
  what rules are being broken , and how can you legally get rid of migrants if they and their home country do n't cooperate ? 
  let me give it a shot : 1 . 
  the right to request asylum is enshrined in the universal declaration of human rights . 
  the un refugee convention gives migrants the right to asylum if they can not return home due to repression or war . 
  the borders of a sovereign country have to be respected , you can not invade to dump off ( rejected ) migrants . 
  it kind of looks like there 's all kinds of rules that are benefiting to the refugees . 
  it 's almost as if this problem is more difficult than the populist say it is . 
  you ca n't drag boats from international waters into libyan waters without the consent of the libyan government . 
  stopping boats from independent organisation from rescuing migrants is also difficult . 
  germany and the netherlands made the turkey deal , which drastically reduced the amount of refugees coming from turkey to greece . 
  the uk and the v4 ( minus hungary ) have had no impact on the eu refugee crisis other than blocking or abstaining from refugee policies . 
  hungary closed the outside border and build a fence , so they actually did something . 
  if you think it is that simple , what country could the eu make an australia type deal with ? 
  or do you suggest doing it without the consent of the country we 'd drag the migrants to ? 
  [ relevant mitchell and webb ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dobhf8f7cxm ), 
  i liked [ this one ] ( http://static.nrc.nl/inbeeld/files/2014/03/obama.schudden.jpg ) from a while back . 
  [ bonus nostalgia ] ( http://media4.s-nbcnews.com/i/newscms/2014_13/274526/140324-obama-amsterdam-830a_b8564966a0644d98ae923466d215f1fb.jpg ) . 
   how about making deals with other north african countries , like tunisia or morocco ? 
  morocco is not even willing to take back its own citizens if they enter europe illegally . 
  an australia type deal is extremely far out . 
  there 's lot of complications for each country in north africa , so the eu prefers simpler deals for now . 
  libya is incredibly unstable . 
  the eu is already training and equipping the coast guard to pick up migrants before they reach international waters . 
  it 's dangerous tough , the smuggling business is worth millions , and there 's already 2 other groups competing for control of libya . 
  smugglers could easily start destabilizing the region to hinder the libyan government . 
  australia has a deal with a safe country / region . 
  so they can tow the ships to a safe place . 
  there 's not a lot of countries that the eu could make such a deal with . 
  libya is very unstable at the moment . 
  making lighter deals ( asking countries to take back their citizens ) is an approach that is more realistic and preferable . 
   if they were genuinely only saving people that are drowning they could just as easily dump them back on a libyan beach or somewhere in tunisia . 
  the country of destination has nothing to do with whether the boat is sinking or not . 
  and `` dumping '' them back into libya or tunisia is impossible unless you have the permission of those countries . 
  from the 1951 convention relating to the status of refugees + 1967 protocol :  for the purposes of the present convention , the term the term `` refugee '' shall apply to any person who [ ... ] owing to wellfounded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
   this convention shall cease to apply to any person falling under the terms of section a if :  * ( 1 ) he has voluntarily re-availed himself of the protection of the country of his nationality ; or  * ( 2 ) having lost his nationality , he has voluntarily re-acquired it ; or  * ( 3 ) he has acquired a new nationality , and enjoys the protection of the country of his new nationality ; or  * ( 4 ) he has voluntarily re-established himself in the country which he left or outside which he remained owing to fear of persecution ; or  * ( 5 ) he can no longer , because the circumstances in connection with which he has been recognized as a refugee have ceased to exist , continue to refuse to avail himself of the protection of the country of his nationality ; [ ... ]  * ( 6 ) being a person who has no nationality he is , because of the circumstances in connection with which he has been recognized as a refugee have ceased to exist , able to return to the country of his former habitual residence ;  this convention shall not apply to a person who is recognized by the competent authorities of the country in which he has taken residence as having the rights and obligations which are attached to the possession of the nationality of that country . 
   the provisions of this convention shall not apply to any person with respect to whom there are serious reasons for considering that :  * ( a ) he has committed a crime against peace , a war crime , or a crime against humanity , as defined in the international instruments drawn up to make provision in respect of such crimes ;  * ( b ) he has committed a serious non-political crime outside the country of refuge prior to his admission to that country as a refugee ;  * ( c ) he has been guilty of acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the united nations . 
  that does n't say anything about refugee status magically disappearing when you leave the neighboring country . 
   however they act in a way that they support human smugglers . 
  not in any legal definition . 
  they are not liable for the immoral actions of people smugglers . 
  if you can not prove active collusion there is no case . 
   if they did n't have their boats there then the boats would n't be sinking . 
  boats were sinking well before the ngos started to pick up migrants . 
  the coast guard of mediterranean countries were not eager to pick them up , which caused the ngos to send their rescue ships . 
   there 'd be a massive outcry from the media . 
  the migrants would find out very , very quickly and reconsider their plans according to the new risk/reward ratio . 
  it would work out the opposite way . 
  the boats would keep coming to keep the outcry going , after a week or so there 'd be boats coming from all over the western world to save the migrants . 
  some national governments would fold to the pressure as well . 
   refugee  noun  a person who has been forced to leave ** their country ** in order to escape war , persecution , or natural disaster . 
  does n't say anything about the last country a person is in . 
  you think a person stops being a refugee if they leave the country that neighbors their home country ? 
   `` we see all those refugees trying to reach europe , so we went and gave them a lift . '', 
  they are not given a lift , the boats are actually sinking . 
  if the ngo 's are given prior knowledge on the exact location of a specific boat there would be something illegal , but if they are reacting they are not breaking a law . 
  in fact , international maritime law says countries and individual ships are required to save vessels in need , regardless of nationality , status or circumstances . 
  the risk would not be 100 % as some boats would be able to make the trip successfully . 
  there 's also no guarantee that migrants would become aware of the increased risk . 
  the smugglers in libya are not going to tell them . 
  migrants is the common term for those arriving in italy . 
  the migrants coming from turkey were often called refugees because most of them were . 
  the justice system would not convict them . 
  in fact , if you block them from rescuing they will a good chance to win a court case against the state . 
  boats were sinking and migrants were drowning well before the ngo 's started to pick them up . 
   total asshats when it comes to fishing in our waters . 
  i 'm pretty sure claiming exclusive fishing rights to a 370 km area around an island that you did n't even discover is the asshat move . 
  especially when the treaty giving norway sovereignty guaranteed equal rights to engage in commercial activities in the area . 
  and several european countries have been fishing there since the 17th century , so let 's not pretend that eu countries wanting to do just that is somehow outrageous . 
   we have the largest gas field in europe do n't we ? 
  yes , but due to environmental concerns ( earthquakes ) we can not extract enough to even supply the dutch population .
