  the arguments for blocking the treaty were concerns about corruption , future eu-membership , immigration and the danger of russia taking offense . 
  the requirement of 300,000 ( digital ) signatures was met and the referendum was called . 
  a turnout of at least 30 % was needed to make results valid . 
  on the 6th of april , 32 % of people showed up to vote , of which 61 % voted no . 
  the referendum required that the law be sent back to the parliament , who then have to consider the ( non-binding ) referendum result in their new decision . 
  the dutch government however , decided to wait for negotiations . 
  their hope was that they could get some changes to the treaty , so they could justify passing the law again . 
  that strategy seems to have failed , as they ran out of time and lack support in the senate . 
  this does suggest that the treaty will be voted down . 
  parts of the treaty that were under eu-jurisdiction will probably remain in place . 
  but the negotiations might have to start again ( almost 2 years after ratification ) . 
  the obvious problem is that the dutch government has no real demands . 
  visa procedures , eu membership and russia taking offense have almost nothing to do with the content of the treaty . 
  and combating corruption is already a very important objective . 
  but since election time is coming up they do have to get some concessions . 
  this treaty passed both chambers of dutch parliament and the european parliament . 
  that 's 3 times your vote was represented . 
  the eu is even letting us rip up a treaty 15 months after it was signed by our government . 
  and you still call things undemocratic ? 
  ceta and its isds clauses do n't impact wallonia significantly either . 
  in fact , isds would be used the sue the belgian state , which is represented by the belgian government . 
  the walloon regional parliament is arguably overstepping by wanting to negotiate about it . 
  i took it from a news article so i ca n't say for sure . 
  after looking it up the first deal where something like it would occur is in a bilateral investment treaty between germany and pakistan ( 1959 ) . 
  in general sources agree that a german banker named hermann josef abs wrote the foundation for investor protection in `` proposals for improving the protection of private foreign investments '' . 
  which then made it 's way in trade deals . 
   the first occurrence of the `` umbrella clause '' as a distinct investment protection clause can be traced to the 1956-59 abs draft international convention for the mutual protection of private property rights in foreign countries . 
  this approach was reformulated in the 1959 abs-shawcross draft convention on foreign investment he clause appeared right afterwards in the first bit between germany and pakistan in 1959 : * `` either party shall observe any other obligation it may have entered into with regard to investments by nationals or companies of the other party . '' * https://www.oecd.org/investment/internationalinvestmentagreements/40471535.pdf, 
  european countries are the ones who have been putting isds setups in trade deals since 1959 . 
  in the netherlands we 've even profited from us companies setting up shell companies here and using them to sue asian and african countries . 
  and now we 're gon na pretend that big bad canada is to blame here ? 
  ceta includes many regulations that favor the eu . 
  there 's no reason for canada or the uk to copy the whole deal . 
  it would have to be rewritten and renegotiated . 
  it would not be as easy as it might seem . 
  you are correct that it would only be possible after the uk clarifies their relationship with the eu . 
  those are great points . 
  i do think there 's ways to improve on the decision making though . 
  instead of passing things down to whatever democratic setup each country runs , a vote could be held ( for example by the european council ) in which all members submit their vote . 
  the agreement would still have to be unanimous and backed by each member state , but you would avoid idiosyncrasies like sub-governments and referendums . 
  it would have to pass trough the european parliament i think . 
  basically countries have handed the power to make trade agreements over to the eu . 
  is n't she just calling wallonia 's bluff ? 
  why should canada be the one to give in to a region of a small eu member state ? 
  just walk away , put some pressure on the eu and see if wallonia caves . 
   are n't they used by businesses and investors to sue states that 's correct . 
  however eu countries have set them up for their advantage . 
  the netherlands has ( had ) deals with south africa and indonesia that allowed dutch companies or even american shell companies to sue those governments . 
  so american mining cooperation newmont set up a shell company with 0 employees in the netherlands and then sued indonesia for regulating their copper concentrate mining . 
  edit : found a english [ source ] ( https://www.tni.org/en/briefing/netherlands-indonesia-bit-rolls-back-implementation-new-indonesian-mining-law ), 
   anyone with a modicum of knowledge on these issues knows that unanimous vote and ratification by all member states is a requirement for fta . 
  this is n't even true . 
  the agreement could have passed without ratification by member states , but the european council insisted that a vote was held . 
   do n't project your obscene ignorance on `` eurosceptics '' . 
  the eu has defective institutional design ? 
  haha , checkmate , eurosceptics !, 
  absolutely mental . 
  it has defective decision making because eurosceptics block attempts to give the eu reasonable power . 
  no , although he originally was a member of the party that did . 
  the mass immigration of moroccans and turks was set up by the vvd ( right wing liberals ) and cda ( christian centre-right ) . 
  the right wing parties tried to avoid that by only inviting lower class immigrants for their work migration scheme . 
  turns out they were n't that stupid , 
  right wing parties let them in , and people keep voting for right wing parties . 
  so i guess there 's a mandate ? 
  the `` moroccans '' he talked about are dutch citizens born in the netherlands to other dutch citizens . 
  wilders comments were purely about ethnicity , not about nationality . 
  a person with german grandparents can live in the netherlands as a dutch person without having his loyalty or nationality questioned . 
  however people whose grandparents were born in morocco or turkey will be labelled `` turk '' or `` moroccan '' . 
  and according to wilders and his supporters , their number needs to be brought down . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with the trial , but you 're making it seem like he 's on trial for being right-wing . 
  he 's not on trial for saying all muslims are extremists . 
  he 's on trial because he specifically called for people of a single ethnicity to be reduced in numbers . 
  you have to admit that is pretty fucked up . 
  only for export . 
  buying technology , software and other imported goods will be way more expensive . 
  they pay a fine , get shut down or they can simply stop doing business . 
  i 'd feel the dutch government should either make a law or stop crying . 
  just a headsup , this video contains nsfw footage ( dead bodies and organs ) . 
  if skilled politicians and experts do n't want it , you either have to go for the outlier or come to the conclusion that it 's a bad idea . 
  no , and it is actually getting kind of annoying to see how pretty much every thread with positive news about the uk is derailed by comments like yours . 
  besides , at the time you wrote your post there was only one post saying `` the uk has n't left yet '' , so i do n't see how i can be the one the one exaggerating . 
  it 's somewhat ironic because literally every single thread about uk news has a comment like yours voted to the top . 
  i took the numbers from the bbc and a european commissioner . 
  looking at this graph it seems less than 30 % indeed . 
  yeah , after 2 elections with a 2/3 majority . 
  good luck with that . 
  the country with near the worst income inequality and lowest social mobility in europe will its redistribute wealth and protect the working class ? 
  under a tory government ? 
  [ ssssuuuurrrreeee ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/social_mobility_is_lower_in_more_unequal_countries.jpg ), 
   brexit will be probably really good for the british fishing industry . 
  the uk covers 13 % of the sea in the eu , but was allocated 30 % of it 's total quota . 
  so you 'd have to catch more on less sea . 
  but there 's another reason why it wo n't happen . 
  fishing more will hurt the fish stock and market position of other european countries . 
  so if the uk goes that route there 's no way it will be allowed to trade fish with the eu . 
  in fact , unlike other industries , increasing fishing would actually hurt other eu countries and the environment . 
  so the uk might have a hard time getting a trade deal at all if it makes such an aggressive move . 
  that 's only worth it if you think britain is actually going to leave the single market . 
   the owner of a party center has immediately responded to the call by cancelling several wedding and engagement parties of g\u00fclen sympathizers . 
  , , i can not control these people , `` says owner adil karakaya of maksim party center in westervoort .
