  hopefully if brexit goes wrong , people will blame the uk government at the time , rather than take it out on the eu and immigrants . 
  the uk was never in the eurozone so even if the eurozone completely imploded it would n't retroactively justify brexit . 
   no , it 's lower growth . 
  i think he means less growth leads to a lower gdp in the future than would otherwise be the case . 
  which is n't ok . 
  but that does n't make wilders innocent . 
  i heard something recently which is very true : everyone is against racism but there are a few people who never see any of it . 
  good post . 
  i have found the strictness of parts of the left when it comes to these things to be restrictive but the recent backlash is far too excessive and i 'm increasingly concerned by how many powerful countries are simplifying their problems by focusing on immigration rather than problems closer to home . 
   if people were enraged anyway , and genuinely want a change of establishment , how does unfree speech help then ? 
  would it be better to oppress them for 4 more years ? 
  no but pandering to that with statements like trump 's and wilder 's is only going to make things worse . 
   i live in one of the most corrupt countries in europe . 
  people never publicly name names , even when they know of crimes or there will be ( and have been ) huge libel charges . 
  couple that with weak justice system and you have an authoritarians ' dream . 
  i 'd argue that an authoritarian 's dream is america right now . 
  powerful country with angry voters , discredited politicians and media , racial resentment , rising populism , anti-intellectualism and nostalgia . 
  i agree that their two party battles for a single office would make things nastier but as others have said , it 's not just that . 
  obviously limiting freedom of speech does n't improve discourse but looking at america , i 'd rather we did n't take lessons from there . 
  i do n't want normal people to be president . 
  i want the best candidate to be president . 
  that 's assuming that free speech ca n't enrage people further . 
  if he told his supporters to kill hillary clinton , then he 'd have committed a crime ( i would assume ) . 
  if he implied that it would be a good idea ( which he sort of did ) , then technically he would n't have . 
  that shows that free speech is n't black and white . 
  there are things we ca n't say . 
  fwiw , i do n't think wilders should have been prosecuted for what he said ( though i have n't followed this case closely as i do n't think it really matters ) and trump never said anything he should have been prosecuted for ( aside from a few things that almost amount to confessions ) . 
  my argument is that looking at trump 's campaign as a model for political discussion and free speech is cazy because it was so poor and damaging . 
  even trump has talked about the need to ` heal divisions ' . 
  i 'm not going to debate if trump is better than clinton . 
  because the political ` debate ' in america was n't much to envy . 
  because the political ` debate ' in america was n't much to envy . 
  probably just wants to story to last longer imo . 
  yep . 
  unforutunately , increasingly more people seem to favour discrimination . 
  him being guilty of it probably just makes him more appealing . 
   i wonder if hate , or even worse - violence , preaching imams are held to the same standards . 
  they should be . 
  that said , letting two people off for a crime rather than one , doesnt make it ok . 
  this year of all years suggests that their approach to free speech is n't much better than ours . 
  that 's how it seems to me . 
  it 's an excuse to say what they want . 
  i did n't say marxist . 
  i 'm saying that blaming people moving to the right because the left has ` lost their fucking marbles ' ignores the extremists on the right , as if someone using the word racist and sexist too freely is more repulsive to people than groups like neo nazis or the kkk because apparently only ` the left ' has lost it . 
   everyone who says this is shouted down as `` racist '' . 
  so called `` racists '' move further to the right as they see many people on the left have completely lost their fucking marbles while pointing to an obvious 30 + year old and insisting they 're 17 . 
  and so the trend continues . . 
  i 've heard that a lot but i ca n't see how that 's true . 
  how can hearing someone on the left be irrational cause someone to move further to the right when there are plenty of neo nazis and the kkk on the far right ? 
  do they not have any effect ? 
  i 'm not saying it does n't happen , just that it 's annoying when people talk about left wing extremists as if there are n't other ( and worse ) kinds of extremists . 
  i do n't think conservatism is the problem , it 's populism . 
  also based on that , they support many of the things conservative politicians say they 're against . 
   in recent years , there has also been an uptick in conservatism among young people . 
  high school seniors in the 2010s were 38 percent more likely to identify as conservatives than their age-matched peers in the 1970s . 
  that 's surprising , twenge said , because these same young people disagree with many traditionally conservative viewpoints , indicating a potential overhaul of the definition of conservatism . 
    `` given young people 's support for same-sex marriage and legalizing marijuana , it 's surprising that more now identify as political conservatives , '' she says . 
  `` it may be that the definition of what they consider conservative is changing . 
  overall , millennials may not be as reliably liberal and democrat as many had predicted , especially as they are likely to grow more conservative as they get older . '', 
  i honestly do n't know anything about nationalism in sweden . 
  i was talking more about the uk and us . 
  the difference between genders is n't really surprising though . 
   front national are the largest amongst the young in france ... 
  i ca n't find any evidence for that outside of breitbart . 
  it certainly is n't true for the likes of ukip or trump supporters which are probably the more extreme versions of populism . 
   anything is possible if the political will exists . . no it is n't . 
  political will does n't change economics or time . 
  wanting something does n't make it happen if the plan to achieve it is flawed . 
   trump got better numbers amongst the young than other republicans . 
  hardly an achievement . 
  despite the improvement , if only young people had have voted , trump would have lost in a landslide : https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-11-09/what-this-election-taught-us-about-millennial-voters . 
  they 'll probably be right . 
  but what i can see now is an older generation voting for people who are frankly idiotic in the vain hope that they can turn back the clock the the 60 's . 
  the only thing that will happen is that the politicians that deceived them will get rich and the next generation will be paying the bill when it goes badly . 
  i 'm pretty sure in the next us presidential election millennials are forcasted to be a bigger voting bloc than baby boomers for the first time so that will change . 
  obviously our generation will become the older voters and will probably be more conservative when compared to the next generation but we wo n't adopt the previous generations policies giving how badly they 've done/will do . 
  in general the young people are n't voting for the crazier populist parties to the same degree as the old . 
  with brexit and trump , for example young people clearly opposed them . 
  afaik it 's the same as france . 
  by mess i mean voting for candidates who think that climate change is n't real or for people who claim to be able to take their countries back in time . 
  i 'm clinging to the hope that over the next several years when the younger generation starts to vote more we can actually try and fix the mess we 've been left . 
  i know . 
  if i see one more article demanding the eu reform without saying how , i might go crazy . 
  i could do that ffs . 
  i only found out when an article on centre for european reform told me what it was before saying that ` it 's no big deal ' . 
  you 're not welsh !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  true . 
  if it helps , i always root for france in sports precisely because your sports teams are usually crazy and unpredictable . 
  the germans are more like an assembly line . 
  that is a good point . 
  the eu is more of a route to the goal rather than an end in itself . 
  thank god . 
  at least one country has n't lost it 's mind . 
  and how does leaving change that ? 
  if the eu doing badly was affecting the uk before , it will keep doing so . 
  if it was n't affecting the uk before , it was n't an issue . 
   the pound value was due for a correction . 
  why ? 
  we could at least be self-sufficient .
