people you think look funny living on the same street is n't harmful . 
  probably more putin than russia but you 're right . 
  that door is pretty much shut for the foreseeable future . 
  i think as long as we are guaranteed we wo n't get dragged into unnecessary and illegal wars , most will agree . 
   you think people would not start new banks ? 
  they would but the damage in the interim would be completely unnecessary and cause a massive amount of hardship . 
   we 're going to be better than ever thanks to trump : he 'll want to break-up the eu trading block , and the best way to do this is by making leaving it seem very appealing ( i.e. 
  nice trade deal with the uk ) . 
  it may have boosted support in the short-term , but the eu is showing day-by-day that it does n't work for its citizens . 
  massive assumptions . 
  trump is anti-trade and he ca n't save the uk by itself even if he wanted to . 
  brexit and trump have done nothing for anyone yet . 
   they do if it increases their wages ( less competition in the jobs market ) , makes them safer , and preserves their culture . 
  damaging the economy does not make them richer as britain will soon find out and the poor of the us will find when trump abandons them , isolating them from the world will not make them safer ( see hate crime in the uk and the impending silence of trump on gun law in the us ) . 
  regarding culture , you might be right wrt a few but fortunately most are n't bigoted enough to damage their own country 's future because there are people that dress differently living next door . 
   no , it is n't . 
  what caused the 2008 crash was the government guaranteeing shit financial packages and colluding with the very businesses they were supposed to be regulating . 
  the crash would n't have been so bad for most of us if the banks had been allowed to fail : no bank = no debt . 
  the issue is that the banks were bailed out by the taxpayer with shit deals . 
  if all banks had have failed , things would n't have gotten better . 
  the best thing would have been to stop them from getting into that hole in the first place by regulation . 
   and soon france , the netherlands , germany , austria , italy , greece , sweden , etc. 
  the new right are offering solutions ( yes , in some cases very nebulous and lacking any detail , but solutions nonetheless ) , the left and center parties offer nothing . 
  assuming brexit and trump have n't messed up their countries already . 
  brexit boosted support for the eu . 
   crimea is/was almost entirely russian , it is understandable ( if not acceptable ) why russia would seek to secure it after a pro-nato and eu coop . 
  i 'm not going to discuss this point with you if you consider it a nato/eu coup . 
   impossible  nope . 
   impractical  possibly , but we have to decide whether to do what is easy , or what is right . 
   unpopular  nope - brexit , fn , fp\u00d6 , afd , sd , golden dawn , etc. 
  are proving this . 
  you 're mistaking what 's more popular than before with what the majority actually want . 
  most british people do n't want existing immigrants deported , same with france , germany etc. 
  exactly . 
  that would never happen for obvious reasons so why would the eu allow the same thing to happen to them ? 
   deregulation . 
  that 's what caused the 2008 crash . 
   not a problem . 
  i guess we 'll see in the uk and us . 
   do n't threaten russia with expanding into their domain then !, 
  ukraine is not russia 's `` domain '' . 
  it 's a different country and they can choose whatever option they want . 
   deport all migrants , preserve european culture , look after europeans first . 
  impossible , impractical , unpopular and unethical . 
  you 're actually right apparently . 
  which is pretty depressing . 
  i think empathy is good and selfishness is bad so we disagree . 
  dictatorships do n't tend to let people vote to leave . 
  the ussr did n't really leave the door open for the countries it occupied . 
  but eurosceptics do n't have any issue with racism , right ? 
  your model is n't that bad tbh . 
  at least theoretically . 
   that 's not a reasonable request . 
  you ca n't just say `` democracy , responsibility and rule of law '' and hope people see the benefits immediately . 
      focus on tangible projects with good results . 
  focus on plans with clear delineated steps . 
  focus on reforms that are self-evidently good . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  a constitution would be interesting as a next step though . 
  anything can improve , globalism is n't necessarily bad and corporatism will only increase when states wall themselves from the world and think small while companies expand and play nations against each other . 
  i ca n't convince you as you 're presumably blind to the evidence already but i just wanted to point out that the people you refer to as ` we ' will only be angrier when this new direction only delivers failure and anger . 
  good answer . 
  i especially like 1 , 2 and 3 . 
  dictatorships in general make me nervous tbh . 
  if that happens , the eu will probably be a federation of dictatorships so ... no . 
   as long as eu leaders are going to continue deny the problems on the ground which problems ? 
  i ca n't think of any problems they do n't acknowledge ? 
  surely even they ca n't still want to bet their future on the whims of the us ? 
  i 'm only joking , of course the tories do . 
  hopefully the republican party keeps him in check . 
  i 'll remember that one . 
  that 's spectacular . 
   has feminism stolen the identity of your daughters ? 
   has teenage sex stolen from the church ? 
   could binge drinking have sex with you ? 
   will the french tax you ? 
   have teachers stolen the identity of property prices ? 
  that 's what i thought . 
  all that 's changed is that mps basically need to approve before government can go ahead . 
  all it 's done is given a few more politicians a say in things . 
  it has n't stopped anything . 
  i do n't know . 
  i think they can reject it unless changes are made but afaik , they do n't have much power . 
  immigrants contribute more money than they take out . 
  they increase the money the government has to solve those problems . 
  i definitely think most ukip voters are more ignorant about politics than most people but i ca n't prove that . 
  i do think that they only want that system to reduce immigration and that the evidence suggests that there 's no rational reason to do so aside from a fear of immigrants that ukip actively encourages . 
  tories are up but that does n't mean that came at the expense of pro-remain parties . 
  that 's the point . 
  it should have been legally binding but cameron did n't have it like that . 
  instead , the right to start the whole process is left to parliament . 
  yet the leave politicians are outraged at the slightest delay to their unknown plans . 
  they 'll obviously pass it in the end though i do n't know about the house of lords . 
  it 's almost as if the uk is n't a bastion of democracy . 
  what 's right about reducing it ? 
  to answer your question , i 'd say nothing really depending on how you do it . 
  leaving the eu would cause more harm than reducing immigration possibly could offset . 
  therefore , the question is why does ukip want to reduce immigration if there 's no practical economic purpose . 
  you ca n't honestly listen to ukip 's rhetoric and not know that they are , at the very least , trying to appeal to voters suspicious of foreigners . 
  if you read the post 3 inches above you 'd see that 's not what i said .
