  `` we need to stop banging on about europe '', 
   so does that mean that the uk is going to join euro/schengen now ? 
  as that would come under ` not what we have now ' . 
  while brexit is n't that clearly defined it surely means leaving the eu at the very least . 
  even eea is a bit contentious and theresa may seems adamant at the moment to leave the single market . 
  true , i was exaggerating . 
  still the leave campaign was more about the faults of the eu and how they could be replaced with good things while never considering whether all of these solutions were doable . 
   i agree with you there but the referendum was badly done in a system that was n't designed for referendums in the first place . 
  i do n't see why not . 
  why could n't he have just phrased the question differently or put down exact terms ? 
  that 's because brexit does n't mean anything new , it just means ` not what we have now ' . 
  after all this the uk could end up still in the single market with no change to immigration or regulations with the only changes being no place in the parliament , council or commission . 
  or it could leave all of those and replace them with a new deal . 
  or leave all of those with nothing . 
  the brexit campaign was united around removing something , not creating something so now that it 's time for creating a new plan , there 's no detail and not even the pro-leave politicians agree with each other ( that 's why farage left . 
  he has no real , concrete alternative but will be back in a few years time to complain about `` betrayal '' ) . 
  they could go with being a ` european singapore ' or farage-esque little england but not both and cameron allowing a leave-remain dichotomy allowed to leave campaign to pretend they could do both . 
  well that 's a good question actually and the answer is `` f-k you '' as it is for every question . 
  why are you still listening !, 
  that 's what i was going to say . 
  op should change the title to : `` president of the philippines to anyone and everyone still listening : f -- k you '', 
  that 's what bothers me about russia . 
  at least north korea is considerate to keep their craziness to their own country . 
  both of our countries will fund it with taxpayers money . 
  true . 
  thanks for replying as it alerted me to my crap spelling . 
  beat me to it . 
  plus the french make cars too . 
  so all the economists and politicians are corrupt ? 
  and you think the anti-eu papers and politicians ( farage , le pen , johnson ) are not ? 
   they 're not the `` experts '' . 
  they have political agendas and self interest impacting their judgement . 
  they 're not objective bodies . 
  it 's amazing to me that so many on reddit ca n't conceive of the fact these financial organisations could have their own agendas . 
  it 's this collectivist mentality that just goes along with whatever the majority of establishment designated authority figures say is the right position to take . 
  this unquestioning deference to authority is such a toxic mindset . 
  it 's not just reddit that 's believing economists . 
  it 's the whole world that does it most of the time . 
   just look at the subprime crisis in the us where ratings agencies who are supposedly `` experts '' were rating junk securities as highly as they possibly could . 
  it benefited those agencies to misrepresent the value of these securities therefore their assessments had no credibility . 
  then why were you celebrating when such unbalanced sources came slightly more in your favour ? 
  if they 're so bad , it does n't matter . 
  the bigger agencies have their biases , sure . 
  but it was practically every economist from those at big firms , to those at universities , to those at governments , to those at the uk treasury . 
  they 're not all in the pocket of the eu . 
  they are the experts . 
  if they were all wrong then , why are you assuming they 're right now ? 
  quotes from the article :  economists from credit suisse and morgan stanley lifted growth predictions for 2016 and 2017 , removing the expectation of a recession , but they said the brexit vote would still slow growth  both banks expected brexit would harm the uk economy and both expected the shock would be felt after the article 50 leaving process was triggered rather than the referendum result itself . 
   many economists have been revising their forecasts up in response to the latest data , but almost all still expect the uk economy to perform worse after brexit . 
   in the latest treasury survey , the average independent economic forecasts for total growth over the 2016 to 2020 period were 3.3 percentage points lower than those in may . 
  i know . 
  the anti-eu press in the uk do n't really like details so maybe they wo n't mention that and british politicians will probably want to avoid making the electorate more eurosceptic so it might not be a major issue . 
  at the same time it does put the uk in a terrible position . 
  there 's no way it can maintain influence over the main eu institutions post-brexit , however much access to the single market it retains . 
  i blame the pro-leave politicians who promised everything knowing they could n't deliver . 
   may keeps saying ` brexit means brexit ' , though . 
  and she 's reiterated that also means no eu by the back door ( aka eea ) . . afaik , she has n't said that she will not compromise on single market access to reduce free movement of people so eea is still possible . 
   we voted for brexit in a referendum , her hands are clean . 
  she 's just doing what we want , and if it turns out what we want is a shitshow then it 'll be us that absorbs the blame . 
  not her . 
  48 % will blame her and most of the rest will not accept that voting leave was the cause of any problems . 
  ukip will blame the eu for sabotaging brexit and the government for not trying hard enough and/or they 'll flatly deny any problems exist . 
  i remember a telegraph article a while back where short term economic problems where blamed on all the ` naysayers ' . 
  there were similar comments when cameron was trying to negotiate better terms with the eu before the referendum . 
  i think they ca n't be clear because they do n't actually want anything changed and just want symbolic wins . 
  this time they know they wo n't get what the electorate want . 
  no matter what , they 'll disappoint the majority of voters as the promises the leave campaign made ca n't be delivered on . 
  cameron was the same as he just wanted a symbolic win to please the eurosceptics . 
  i would n't be surprised if by the end of this the uk has some good but reduced access to the single market and has some more opt outs wrt free movement ( as they do now ) but loses their votes/vetoes on everything and continues to make payments into the eu . 
  there 'll be economic damage but they 'll avoid most of it by compromising elsewhere as the politicians do n't care about the other issues half as much . 
  they 'll say `` we left the eu '' and they 'll be right but that 's pretty much all they 'll have left . 
  that 's why they are n't being clear about what they want . 
  they know someone will have to break the bad news but that this is n't the right time for it . 
  snl has the same problem . 
  they once did a sketch where alec baldwin portrayed him as a petty , twitter obsessed idiot . 
  he responded by sending angry tweets out at night accusing a comedy show of bias because it did n't have ` his people ' there or something . 
  i know . 
  austria and this are great examples . 
  it probably helps to see trump in action . 
  i 'd hope there 's some opposition . 
  it 's not healthy for one party to have their own way entirely when the others are basically bullied into silence whatever the result of the referendum . 
  corbyn really annoyed me when he said he 'd try to force his mps to vote in favour of it . 
  he ha some good ideas but i do n't think he can do anything as party leader based on his track record so far . 
  that 's basically my dream scenario . 
  corbyn and sanders could have been the left 's answer to farage and trump but sanders was undermined by his own party and corbyn does n't seem that good of a politician . 
  plus the other two had the advantage of blaming all their problems on foreigners which seems to help . 
   i 'm grabbing my popcorn . 
  same . 
  i doubt it will make a difference but the way the leave press reacted last time out was hilarious . 
  ideally but the whole ` liberal elite ' narrative is popular enough that the main parties are too terrified of backing down at all . 
  it does n't really matter what the leave campaign said because they 've walked back on almost every promise already and they still seem to have popular support . 
  i echo u/skypl . 
  your good government annoys me . 
  fwiw , i think most left wing people are against ttp because there is no safety net available for the people who might lose their jobs from it . 
  not because it 's a bad idea in itself . 
  the republicans will most likely gut the same safety nets that could have addressed most concerns about ttp . 
  plus they 're more likely to give more power to companies and bring money into politics which was the concerns many others had about ttp . 
  republican rule is basically ttp without the extra growth and restrictions against china . 
  things like this are the whole reason i think governments should work together through things like the eu . 
  otherwise , it 's a race to the bottom to please multinational companies at the expense of the local populations .
