   have they really ? 
  not really . 
  i do n't live there but based on their newspapers , tv , panel shows and comedians , it 's still a bit of a sore point that people have just tired of arguing about . 
  russia is still shown in the map on the top right . 
  i do n't think you 'll be banned for this . 
  well if by ` rape ' you mean a bad deal then every british pm since britain 's entry to the eec have supported membership so there 's no reason to suggest she wo n't . 
  by bluff , i meant say this to convince the eu that she is serious about a full withdrawal and pressure them to relent on freedom of movement . 
  i do n't think it will work though . 
  i 've really have been surprised by how the germans have been so consistent on prioritising the single market over access to britain . 
  even their industrial lobby groups have backed their government 's stance on it . 
  not surprised . 
  cameron did n't agree with brexit but still called the referendum because his priority was to stay on as leader of the party . 
  may will do the same thing for the same reasons . 
  she could be bluffing but i doubt it . 
  was that recently put up ? 
  what the hell is that sub ?!, 
  how have i not heard of it before ? 
  hopefully . 
  though that 's not really mandatory for either option though . 
  cut our ties is more dramatic than anything he says but i agree with the actual message . 
  it 's better to stay invested in an eu that we have commissioners , meps and a seat in the council in than the uk which just happens to be close to us . 
  not to mention that siding with the uk seems to be more of a risk with less potential benefits . 
  pretty much . 
  plus the eu 's biggest ally could be the likes of ukip undermining and rushing the uk government at every turn . 
  they even oppose the idea of a transitional deal ffs . 
   tobleroned i really hope that becomes a proper verb . 
  yep . 
  i think brexit will make it harder but not eliminate that competely . 
  maybe . 
  there 's a selfish part of me that wants the entire brexit process to happen as fast as possible because i think that will show the risks and consequences of leaving . 
  if the uk can just hang around for 2-3 years then others might start the process of leaving relying on the logic that the uk has too and it 's fine . 
  i do n't think it will be that bad . 
  i 'm a big supporter of the eu but it wo n't be close to 2008 for the uk imo . 
  i know . 
  tbh what i mean is that the elderly voters wo n't notice the difference . 
  anyone travelling and the young will . 
  tbh i do n't think it will be as significant for most people as many make out . 
  i think it might make things slightly more negative for both the uk and eu but not enough to affect most people significantly . 
  the problem is you 're describing ethnic nationalism which has never not led to problems . 
  civic nationalism based on shared values is far more successful ( see america ) . 
  all of the ethnic groups you 're describing formed from the combination of various other groups so change of cultures is n't a bad thing . 
  groups in the uk and elsewhere can deny this and shut out other groups out of fear but they will only be damaging themselves and revealing hypocrisy ( the uk has multiple layers of identity from towns to nations to britain and ireland to the whole union ) . 
  also it is n't a disaster if your race is no longer the majority . 
  that zero-sum mentality where minorities have to be kept as such in case they endanger the rest is far more dangerous than immigration will ever be because it justifies persecution and racism as ` defending ' a person 's ethnic group . 
   why should you implement a completely globalist system rather than let different societies choose different demographic and social organisations , based on which we can observe and learn ? 
  there is no reason from you . 
  i never said force it on the world . 
  i mean i have no problem with my country doing it . 
   just `` immigration has always happened , you ca n't stop it '' - an entirely meaningless statement in this context , as we do n't talk about immigration or no immigration . 
  we talk about massive demographic replacement or not - something that has n't actually happened all that often in history and so happens was always a huge mess . 
  in 40 years the population of france that is n't indigeneus european skyrocketed from less than 1 % to about 13 % at the moment . 
  40 years are like a small moment in history . 
  this is n't `` normal '' . 
  it has n't `` always been happening '' . 
  last time france had such a massive change in its demographic composition was during the early medieval ages when the franks moved in in the 6th century and then normans did that in the 9th . 
  that 's the way the world is changing . 
  more people work across borders , more people travel , travel is easier , economies are more open . 
  that is now normal . 
  plus there is no massive displacement , just immigration that will change things over the long term which is fine with me . 
   anyway , i might be wasting time writing all these things as you do n't seem to actually have an interest in defending your positions with theoretical and long-term arguments . 
  have a good day . 
  i 've grown tired of debating these things this year . 
  it generally ends with me insisting countries can be open and positive without destroying themselves and the other maintaining that immigration/globalisation is inherently bad . 
  look , i 'm not going to change your mind . 
  immigration has always happened and always will . 
  but if you want to `` fight '' so that people who live where you do all have similar sounding names , fine , go waste your time fighting for a largely fictional past that is n't coming back . 
  i will point out the irony of advising me to move to america for it 's diversity when trump is going to be president though . 
  that part cracked me up . 
   i just wonder if at some point radical revolutionaries will stop causing wars and social conflicts with their recurring every few decades newfound desire to take away some right , individual or communal , they have suddenly decided should n't exist . 
  that 's the problem here . 
  you do n't realise that a ) i never decided that this right should exist and i 'm pretty sure there 's no law in any democratic country saying foreigners ca n't exceed x % of the population and b ) you think that if your ` group ' fights to protect a right that never existed in the first place , the war will be the fault of the people with the audacious idea that we could all live in peace . 
  or i believe that there is no inherent nationality-based right to land that gives one group the right to exclude another for fear that the other group will commit the crime of having more kids . 
  i understand what you 're saying but do indigenous groups have an inherent right to be the majority on their own land ? 
  pretty much every country on earth is populated by people who replaced previous groups . 
  america is a very good example of that . 
  the illness metaphor does n't really work when the people who ` catch it ' seem fine . 
   maybe they do n't want to end up like the freiburg girl . 
  from what i 've seen , the people least likely to live around them in mayfair and manhattan are the greatest immigration advocates , and the people who most often live around them ( calais , for example ) are the greatest detractors of the policy . 
  calais is a unique case . 
  afaik areas with many immigrants do n't worry about it while the biggest critics come from rural areas with barely any immigrants . 
  the irony is that these people probably have next to no contact with the immigrants they despise so much . 
  the other ` funny ' thing is the complete indifference to any of those crimes unless they 're committed by immigrants or muslims . 
   while it is true that the uk had a permanent opt-out of the euro , it still did not make sense for the uk to be in a union which did not consider the uk 's currency to be one of the official currencies of that union . 
  what difference does it being an official currency make ? 
   because of the principle of qualified majority voting , the eurozone has a legislative majority in relation to all single market legislation including all financial services legislation . 
  this means that the eurozone are able to legislate in their own interests and contrary to the interests of the uk and the uk is unable to block such legislation . 
  afaik , every major pro-brexit politician wanted to remain in the single market and the uk will have less influence over those rules now then before . 
  besides did n't cameron use his veto back around 2012 to block something that predominatly affected the eurozone ? 
  the ` taking jobs ' line is n't really accurate . 
  there 's not a fixed number of jobs . 
  those migrants spend money and pay taxes same as ( if not more than ) anyone else in the country so they help create jobs . 
  also i remember a london school of economics report that found that immigration had next to no correlation with things like unemployment or lower wages . 
   given that the uk did not want to join the euro , being in the eu was pointless . 
  only if the euro was all the eu did which is n't true . 
  the uk had an opt-out so the euro was never going to be forced on the uk . 
  the eu did n't cause that poverty but i would love if the brexit vote forced the uk politicians to change their tactics and focus on the poorer areas of the country . 
  it 's the best case scenario from this point forward . 
  however i can only imagine the tories doing what they normally do , focus on helping companies and the wealthy and assume the poor will survive on the scraps ( e.g. 
  lower corporation tax , regulation ) while making only token efforts to help the poor ( e.g. 
  name and shame the countries that employ foreigners ) .
