   i think we would win it quite comfortably and the electorate would very likely carry out a purge of pro-europeans . 
  ah yes because no one voted for the uk to stay . 
  plus education was better in the 60 's . 
  they want to massively reduce immigration via an ` australian points system ' though i do n't belief most of their supporters really know what that is , only that it means less foreign people . 
  maybe . 
  it 's still frustrating to see politicians angry at having to deal with the rule of law rather than making it up on people 's whims . 
  i 'd argue brexit causing more direct control but that 's just a rerun of the campaign . 
  then they decide what it means and how to do it . 
  that 's definitely true ( though afaik abbott is weird more than racist ) but those other parties are n't entirely preoccupied with foreigners . 
  ukip only has 2 policies that anyone cares about and they are 1 ) stop immigration ( i.e. 
  foreigners coming to the uk ) and 2 ) leave the eu ( a loose union with foreigners ) . 
  there 's a pattern there that other parties do n't have . 
  even the tories are pro-business and for a small state while ukip 's only uniting principles are those 2 policies . 
  them falling off the map should be one benefit of the uk leaving . 
  that may be because farage left as much as anything else . 
  he gave a fairly motley collection of `` fruitcakes , loonies and closet racists '' an inexplicably popular face and distracted from what the bulk of the party was like . 
  with him gone , all those loons are on the surface . 
  that said , maybe he knew that his career could only go downhill after a leave win so wanted to jump ship to protect his legacy . 
   also , 52 % to 48 % is not an overwhelming verdict . 
  seemingly remain supporters do n't exist anywhere that is n't the house of commons or scotland . 
  maybe but that was n't what the referendum was about . 
  the comments on the sky news articles on facebook have been hilarious . 
  leave voters have predicted riots in the street , civil war and a communist dictatorship . 
  apparently any ` treacherous mp ' who votes against brexit will cause anarchy or have their careers ended . 
  you 'd think leave won with  90 % . 
  tbh , i just want to whole thing over and britain out but this is kind of funny to watch . 
  god i love the third witcher . 
  i honestly think it 's the best game i 've ever played on a console . 
  nice to learn that a lot of the series ' mythology came from the culture it 's clearly based on . 
  we do n't really know what the effects will be . 
  what i am sure of is that every bit of news for the next year or so will be ignored or promoted based on what the publication/reader believes in . 
  that must be in the russian anthem . 
  `` america does it too . '', 
  vlad , the final boss . 
  i can see him skewering mario or something . 
  i read that wrong and imagined `` vlad , the third impaler '' . 
  relax . 
  you can divert at least some of the blame on the germans . 
   oh it absolutely will . 
  in your opinion . 
   eurosceptism is at an all time high . 
  making an economic success of exit is something that is simply not compatible with eu interests , or its future integrity . 
  actually support for the eu rose since brexit . 
  besides based on the opinion of the vast majority of economists ( which the eu would believe even if voters do n't ) the eu does n't need to do much to make brexit turn out to be a failure for the uk . 
  they 're obviously criticising her and are angry . 
  a crowd does n't react like that unless they 're angry and want to show it . 
  you 're right actually . 
  i listened to it again and they 're just giving out to her as she 's speaking . 
  which is pretty much the same thing . 
  it does n't want to punish or make an example of it , it just is n't going to let britain have the benefits of being members and dodge the responsibilities like may has said they will . 
  murmurs would be fine , the booing was n't . 
  leave supporters will argue this is great but the british government would never do it unless they felt they had to . 
  best case scenario , it would offset damage caused by brexit . 
  nothing . 
  but as [ ptrjk ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/58o5eb/polish_woman_in_bbc_question_time_audience_booed/d92dc6l/ ) said , it 's what they intend to do with the control . 
  that 's perfect . 
  ` in other news , schoolchildren sought to change the mind of a lonely fellow student who thought they did n't like him by bullying him . ', 
  the ukip politician annoyed me . 
  they want to reduce immigration to at least a third of what it is now but she says `` we just want to control it '' . 
  i have sympathy for right-leaning tories but ukip politicians are just a better presented british version of trump supporters . 
  pretty much . 
  the main positive of brexit for me is that britain will put the claims of anti-eu populists to the test . 
  any damage to britain would make the eu 's case that it does benefit the member states . 
   protecting european industry against chinese dumping that 's an ominous sign for british industry . 
  what do you mean `` no compromise '' ? 
  what was may offering to compromise on ? 
  if scotland voted to leave the uk and spent the next few years blocking everything at westminister it did n't like even if it was n't going to involve scotland , would that be democracy to you ? 
  i suspect not . 
  a british comedian called hugh dennis joked about that . 
  he said that cameron said ` if we do n't get x and y , we 'll leave ' . 
  he got a few things and now britain is saying ` well now we 're leaving , what are you going to give us ? ', 
   it makes a certain sense if may is already aiming for a hard brexit ( which i think she is , not just from this ) . 
      if you go for a hard brexit then being obstructive does n't lose her anything during negotiations , it gets her better press at home , and it helps prepare your story for the post-brexit world . 
      if by some miracle brexit goes well then she takes the credit . 
  if , as expected , brexit goes badly then she needs to be able to deflect that blame somewhere as she has uk elections in 2020 and 2025 . 
  i think that 's it . 
  the eu is a good scapegoat and that wo n't change for the foreseeable future . 
  stop with your nuance . 
  brexit supporters remind me a lot of republicans in the us . 
  arguing for conservative social policies ( e.g. 
  stop immigration ) to get support from working class people to enforce economic changes that screw over the very same people . 
  increasingly , the `` bremoaners '' are just being accussed of being bitter or being unpatriotic whenever they point out the negatives of brexit so ... yeah ... posting facts about brexit is hating on the uk apparently . 
  unless you 're quoting the express . 
  most european citizens fall into that cateogry apparently . 
  i remember hearing a few months ago that french people have less positive views of the eu than british people but only the british wanted more powers moved from the eu to national level . 
  a quick check on his post history suggests that if he is , he 's really committing . 
  she 's done well to keep the honeymoon going but it 'll be interesting to see how long she can keep that ` party for everyone ' image when she actually has to make hard decisions . 
  afaik , when cameron took over , he had the same idea . 
  r/russiadenies /, 
  i do n't think he is serious . 
  i think he was appointed because of internal tory politics as may does n't care what he says when he 's out on his trips . 
   however , all this is still pretty ridiculous considering the need for `` sovereignty '' and the fear of turkey joining played a major part in the brexit campaign . 
  which proves the simplistic lie about sovereignty . 
  the uk could have stayed in a group where it had votes , vetoes , influence , prominent positions and participated as equals . 
  instead it opted to be the robin to america 's batman and gambled on china , russia , india and australia thinking as highly of them as boris did . 
  thanks . 
  i really need to play more fallout . 
  what 's that from ( it looks pretty good ) ? 
  my exact thoughts . 
  most pro-leavers would n't have got 3 words into the headline .
