  well increasing the amount of welfare and cutting off welfare the moment someone gets any income from a job will increase the already existing perverse incentives that lead to the welfare trap . 
  so yeah you are right , it is the main weakness in our current system and the main argument for things like a negative income tax . 
  an experiment where we 'll allow people on welfare to get jobs at a marginal tax rate of x ( different groups different xes ) would be way more interesting i think . 
  it would be interesting to see how successful the people in the utrecht experiment are at finding a job compared to comparable groups . 
  on the one hand you have the welfare trap , on the other hand extra money might buy you a good suit , a haircut and some extra train tickets for further away interviews . 
  i do n't know what will happen , i do find it interesting i hope they 'll do some proper scientific evaluation . 
  there are plenty of minimum wage jobs . 
  in the netherlands we have quite a lot of polish workers who come to work in our greenhouses . 
  it is perfectly fine work for un - or low skilled labor and dutch minimum wage can afford you a humble existence . 
  in a european context it is even a pretty decent wage , why else would polish people come all this way to do unskilled work ? 
  one of the problems is that there are no clear economic incentives for dutch people currently on benefits to start working in the greenhouses . 
  in some situations they would even lose money by starting a job there . 
  that is just a weird situation , a situation that would be increased if overall welfare would be increased . 
  they do n't choose to be in poverty , it is rational for them to stay in welfare given their options . 
  this is called the [ welfare trap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welfare_trap ) . 
  it would be better if we had some form of negative tax rate system where getting a job would always result in getting more income . 
  i 'd bet that we 'd see more dutch people currently on welfare being productive working in jobs like those in our greenhouses in that situation . 
  i 'm not saying that people on welfare are lazy and should just get their act together . 
  i do think that we should take a critical look at our welfare system and design it in such a way that incentives always favor working at the minimum wage . 
  ideally you want to everyone in your economy to be productive , which people currently in welfare are n't . 
  just increasing welfare is n't the most effective way of creating economic growth because of that , it can even create weird situations where you are worse off if you get a job . 
  this is really the beauty of ideas like friedman 's negative tax rate system , it creates an efficient social safety net with incentives to become productive . 
  true , yet i have n't seen any examples of a viable funding system for bi ( edit : in the netherlands ) . 
  a quality research tv show ( tegenlicht ) did some episodes , local discussions and online publications on it . 
  the conclusion was that even a low bi would require a serious tax hike beyond political viability . 
  edit : do you have any international examples that could be viable ? 
  true . 
  yet a possible upside to economic growth is an increase in the competitiveness of your exports and an increase of efficiency in the public sector ( taxation is basically outsourced in a vat system ) . 
  agreed . 
  the experiment more like : `` what happens if i give people currently on welfare more money ? '', 
  could still give us some interesting results though . 
  it can also work trough high vat . 
  just put all taxes on consumption and then give people a rebate based on income . 
  imagine the public outrage in countries that voted no if they went that route . 
  no no a small reasonable fine after due process . 
  do n't these laws govern the commercial use of pictures ? 
  i can imagine that people would object to using pictures of their buildings in things like ad campaigns without their authorization . 
  yeah you did leave out this part :  views of the eiffel tower taken by private individuals for private use do not require prior agreement . 
  however , professionals must contact our teams , who will inform them of the conditions of use governing images . 
  well economic theory would say that you just treat this as any free trade case . 
  everyone should drop their implicit and explicit protectionism and let market forces determine which companies survive ( combined with a strong anti-trust regulatory body ) . 
  in theory we 'd get better weapons for cheaper prices . 
  this would actually be something that the eu in its current form could be very good at . 
  i personally think it would be better for european military capabilities in the long run , but your point about the politics involved is entirely valid . 
  well the economies of scale that we would have when we integrated our militaries more would simply mean that europe would have more military power for the same amount of money . 
  in a perfect world we would integrate as much as possible and develop a political structure that ensures that the extra military power is ` spread evenly ' across all national interests . 
  but then , in a perfect world we would n't need an army at all ... 
  well european defense cooperation is already happening . 
  * the benelux integrated our air defense * the dutch and belgian navies are heavily integrated under the admiral benelux initiative . 
  * dutch marine corps elements operate under a uk commander in training and real life conflict scenario 's ( uk nl landing force ) * dutch air mobile brigade units were recently placed under the german command structure . 
  i feel that it is the smaller internationally oriented nations that lack any global unilateral military capacities ( or ambitions ) that should lead the way . 
  these nations rely on military allies to safeguard their interests anyway , i guess this makes the political steps easier . 
  if we learn lessons from small scale military cooperation we can simply expand that which works well , slowly iterate towards integration at a pace everyone is comfortable with . 
  further integrating european air defense might be some low hanging fruits we could start with . 
  or you could say that irish gdp held up old men 's boners . 
  support their forces without admitting it , just like ukraine . 
  estonia alone would n't be able to take that city back . 
  no insult intended at the estonian armed forces , but narva is on the russian border 150 km from st. petersburg . 
  which would mean that estonia would claim it is attacked by russia , invoking article 5 . 
  yet russia would deny anything of the sort . 
  in the confusion nato would have to deliberate , gravely concerned statements would be made , and more pacifist members - like germany - might veto a military solution to the conflict , which would erode the value of article 5 . 
  this is one scenario , but it is there and i honestly wonder what nato 's plan of dealing with it is . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.vox.com/2015/6/29/8858909/russia-war-flowchart ) is a flowchart that outlines some scenarios . 
  the left is convinced that they are morally right to the point of demagogue , yet they do a horrible job of convincing the public of their point of view . 
  a lot of views on solidarity with your neighbors seem morally arbitrary in an increasingly globalized world and individualized society . 
  which creates a view that labour is really just a party for trade unionists that looks to the past instead of the future . 
  it is almost as if labour is a left-conservative party . 
  this is at least a view that me and many of my friends share in the netherlands , but then we are all in our twenties and most vote social-liberal or conservative-liberal , which means i 'm obviously biased . 
  there wo n't be clear cut support from russia , that is the core of the issue . 
  russia does n't admit it is active in eastern ukraine , but it does say that it will get involved when a foreign military intervene on behalf of the ukrainian government . 
  under the guise of protecting russian minorities against genocide . 
  what if they pull off the same thing in narva ? 
  unmarked russian soldiers capture government buildings , russia does n't admit it is doing anything of the sort and proclaims that foreign military intervention against ` the local population of narva ' will mean a declaration of war on russia . 
  i doubt that nato will be unified in a response to such a situation , which means article 5 is n't worth that much , which means that the geopolitical power of nato decreases dramatically , which would be the reason for russia to start trouble in the baltics in the first place . 
  there are a lot of ` ifs ' and ` possiblies ' , but there is a real risk here . 
  it is really not that simple . 
  say it starts with pro russian riots , during the chaos some government buildings get taken . 
  russia denies any involvement just like in ukraine . 
  has estonia been attacked by russia in this case , does nato get involved ? 
  the problem is that there is no clear line between peace and war with hybrid tactics . 
  which means there is no clear line that russia crosses that would mean nato got involved automatically . 
  which means that there is a possibility that the more pacifist nato members veto involvement . 
  a primary surplus with the drachma would be very easy , it would just destroy the purchasing power of everybody that gets money from the government . 
   nato efforts to strengthen regional defenses against unconventional or hybrid strategies of the kind deployed in crimea and eastern ukraine are already underway . 
  what are these strategies ? 
  i do n't really have the feeling that nato is well equipped to handle ` little green men ' showing up in a baltic city like narva . 
  redefining the definition of war : [ `` hybrid war '' ] ( http://www.e-ir.info/2015/04/16/hybrid-war-and-little-green-men-how-it-works-and-how-it-doesnt/ ) new russian nuclear doctrine including a winnable limited nuclear war : [ limited nuclear strike is de-escalation ] ( http://thebulletin.org/why-russia-calls-limited-nuclear-strike-de-escalation ) possible ambition to break-up nato : [ piontkovsky ] ( http://www.interpretermag.com/putin-believes-he-can-win-a-war-with-nato-piontkovsky-says/ ) how little green men in narva could lead to nuclear war : [vox.com ] ( http://www.vox.com/2015/6/29/8858909/russia-war-flowchart ), 
  and a united and stable eu is better for american foreign policy in general , especially regarding russia . 
  it is better at measuring the level of wealth than both the hdi and nominal gdp . 
  and the hdi does n't really say that much when comparing highly developed countries . 
  well he did change russian nuclear doctrine to include the possibility of winning a ` limited nuclear war ' , something the soviets never did . 
  he also changed the definition of ` war ' and he uses very threatening language to the baltic states , all nato members . 
  military activity is back at cold war levels . 
  the russian government with its ideas about limited nuclear war and possible ambition to break up nato by overt invading the baltics or putting little green men in narva and betting that nato wo n't invade is by far the greatest threat to our national security . 
  serious analysts are drawing parallels between 1914 and the current day situation . 
  so yeah of course people outside russia take an interest in putin . 
  he is playing a game of chicken with nukes ... 
  the european project is complete , a frenchman is n't happy because he ca n't get no g\u00f6tterfunken . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  your assessment is n't entirely fair .
