  for 1 . 
  would n't this be necessary in the first place due to a lack of fiscal discipline from some members rates . 
  if the euro did n't have any such states the remaining nations would be better off . 
  for 2 . 
  well the predatory markets are only a problem for the weak economies . 
  if we did n't have them in the eurozone there would n't be a problem . 
  for 3 . 
  ever greater union should n't play this big a role in fiscal matters in my opinion . 
  split the eu en ez . 
  for 4 . 
  i doubt the eu would do a more efficient job than the dutch or german government . 
  it just sounds like it will cost the richer ez countries a lot of money to the benefit of poorer countries . 
  which still is n't in the objective economic interests of the rich country tax payers . 
  the way i understand it : either we have a fiscal union ( in one of 3 ways ) or greece should leave the eurozone . 
  which brings me to the following question . 
  why would i want a fiscal union if i live in a country that does work well ? 
  how is it not better for those countries to have the weaker economies leave instead of investing loads of money ? 
  we could invest that money ourselves and further improve our own position . 
  what is the objective benefit of a fiscal union for rich countries ? 
  i personally try to keep the european dream in discussions on the european union , and some more economic sense and national interests in discussions about the euro . 
  no extending the maturity will go on the books now . 
  for greece it is all about effective debt burden , simply put longer maturity date = less yearly expenditures on debt = smaller deficit . 
  for debtor countries . 
  if ifrs accounting standards apply ( which i do n't know ) the value on the next balance sheet will decrease with longer maturity . 
  by the way . 
  with the sub market rate interest greece received all loans are already partly effective donations under any bond valuation system . 
  all talk about getting money back was therefore always untrue . 
  or it offers opportunities for corruption or political clientism . 
  it really depends on the quality of your government . 
  public accountability does n't lead to more efficient businesses . 
  fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me ? 
  kammenos is the head of syrzia 's coalition partner is n't he ? 
  might be a legacy from the berlusconi era, 
  i can understand that you want enough domestic food production for strategic purposes , but setup a subsidy and quotum system like everybody else . 
  in that case the consumer will benefit from the subsidies due to lower prices instead of letting the consumer pay more to sustain your food production in the current system . 
  which brings me back to my point about a people 's party being against cheaper food ... 
  is n't the problem simply that we made clear agreements on the limits of member states ' fiscal policies ( i.e. 
  the 3 % norm etc. 
  ) , yet we did ( and do ) nothing when these agreements are breached ? 
  a use is not the only solution here . 
  we just need treaties with rules that everyone sticks by , no more grey areas beyond a certain point . 
  this does mean that there need to be consequences for breaking the rules , yet that is a far smaller loss of sovereignty than a centralized eu government . 
  you are either independent or not , if you are talking about becoming more independent you are in reality becoming less dependent and ergo still not independent . 
  what 's up with the color scheme ? 
  why would a people 's party fight against cheaper food ? 
  what would greece have to offer to stay in ? 
  the current proposal ca n't be a serious last offer if the aim is n't to simply remove greece out of the ez . 
  good olde godwin, 
   if the ez were to meddle in greek domestic politics even more , everyone would be crying they try to turn greece into a protectorate . 
  this is exactly what is happening now , solid prediction . 
  we should be able to deal with a problem this size , it should have been dealt with years ago . 
  is n't changing laws retroactively at odds with the legality principle . 
  how is the coming demographic transition seen in germany ? 
  i would imagine that this will have a rather big impact on the future budget which would make a low debt-to-gdp ratio even more desirable . 
  i honestly wonder if they did anything that was actually illegal . 
  with the way sovereignty works , i would say it is perfectly legal for one nation 's government to lie to another 's . 
  i 'm also pretty sure that it is legal for governments to lie to their own people . 
  really some solid live reporting from the guardian during the whole ordeal . 
  great website , lots of information , and some pretty funny pictures of our mfs to boot . 
  friendly reminder to anyone with an adblocker , quality journalism is n't free and ads help pay for it , do n't use your adblocker on the websites of newspapers if you enjoy their content . 
  the netherlands will be hurt most economically ( after only the uk itself ) by a brexit if we do n't get a trade deal . 
  we have 49 billion euros worth of annual trade with the uk [ nrc ] ( http://www.nrc.nl/handelsblad/van/2015/juni/25/brexit-als-britten-eu-verlaten-heeft-nederland-1511267 ), 
  neither the chief prosecutor of aruba nor the wsj article said that venezuelan ships * entered * aruban waters , the ad article claims exactly that . 
  the ad is often wrong and sensationalist , this article just screams both . 
  the title alone is just designed to bring up an emotional response , the mh17 disaster does n't have anything to do with the tensions in aruba , it is only there to make you feel something . 
  then their swooping claim : `` nearly war between venezuela and the netherlands '' . 
  they actually provide zero arguments for this . 
  the only thing they say that could be viewed as an argument is the piece about venezuelan ships entering aruban waters . 
  i doubt that this is true , i doubt that the venezuelan military violated our sovereignty , there would be far more outrage . 
  this is just a bad article with a clickbait emotional title by a bad newspaper and it should be ignored . 
  the entire newspaper should be ignored . 
  yeah this is not a reputable news source , at all . 
  nothing short of grotesque really, 
  if there is a grexit they should call their new currency the greuro, 
  that is exactly the point . 
  the extra money a dutch person on welfare would get from getting a job in a greenhouse would n't be enough to motivate a rational human being . 
  if welfare is 1000 and working at the minimum wage for 40 hours gives you 1100 . 
  that effectively means that you work 40 hours for 100 euros . 
  ( made the numbers up ) i think that we should implement a negative income tax system where people will see their welfare reduced by x % of their marginal income . 
  still a 1000 in welfare , still 1100 in salaries at the greenhouses . 
  how any marginal income reduces welfare we 'll see the following income for the person in the following situations : working 40 hours : 1000 +1100 * 0,5 = 1550 . 
  working 20 hours : 1000 +550 * 0,5 = 1275 . 
  in such a system there is always an incentive to start working for people in welfare . 
  it has the following benefits : - the people with the lowest incomes will get more money reducing all kinds of problems - administrative costs go down - the people with the lowest incomes will become more productive , which means economic growth . 
  the biggest problem is determining what the marginal tax rate should be , because if it is too low it will mean that the system is unaffordable ( as everyone with a minimum wage would effectively get a welfare handout ) . 
  this is where my knowledge stops , i only learned about it in econ 101 and always liked the idea , it just uses economic incentives very intuitively . 
  it is originally from die hard free market economist milton friedman of all people . 
  well in our economic system jobs will only be created if they create more value than the cost of the salaries . 
  i 'm not sure how you view net benefit to society , but even jobs like telemarketers will create economic value to the firms they work for . 
  the telemarketers will then get a piece of that economic value ( productivity ) in the form of a salary . 
  the clear net benefit to society here is that no tax money is spent on this person , society can then spend this money on the things our electorate thinks are important to them ( including tax advantages for minimum wage workers or subsidies for rent ) . 
  and like telemarketers we have a lot of those jobs , like working in the greenhouses , factories , logistics , cleaning , restaurants , etc. 
  so why exactly is n't it a net benefit to society when people currently in welfare get a minimum wage job ( or a high paying job , start a business , whatever economic activity ) ? 
  i thought that the philippines were still very pro us ? 
  that is actually quite a good speech . 
  apparently all that the germans see is an easy road to france . 
  nrc has been reasonable i would say . 
  this does not sound like a paper deadline . 
  junker said that there is a detailed grexit scenario ready , tusk said that possible humanitarian aid to greece in case of a ` black scenario ' must be discussed . 
  there has been a lack of proper law enforcement since [ 1830 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_of_the_netherlands ) .
