  the ecb has rules regarding ela , those rules were stretched to the limit to provide ela to greek banks . 
  if the ecb had provided more it would be a clear violation of their own rules , which would make it a political decision . 
  i would say that the ecb has stretched what ` apolitical ' means , but classifying them as ` anything but independent ' is n't doing them justice . 
  and if they did make a political decision , it would be in favor of greece in the eurozone by providing greek banks with ela in the first place . 
  maybe we should go back to the business of redrawing borders after our probable next middle eastern adventure . 
  well did n't al-maliki turn the somewhat representative iraqi army in a sunni iraqi army that does n't want to fight to protect shiite iraqis ? 
  which is really not that surprising giving the last sectarian civil war . 
  maybe the americans should have put some provision in the iraqi constitution that prevented power grabs by prime ministers . 
  why not by definition ? 
  if it is possible to create capable and loyal security forces at all it should work right ? 
  not disagreeing that it is n't working in afghanistan , but i would n't dismiss the entire idea because of it . 
  maybe it is bad implementation . 
  well i was thinking about post ww2 japan and germany . 
  something similar seemed to have worked there , which is why i raised the question of the theoretical possibility . 
  afghanistan is very different from those countries , it would be interesting to see what exactly is n't working . 
  why can an international coalition keep the peace , but is it impossible for a national army . 
  capabilities ? 
  loyalty ? 
  i mean it should be possible to create a model where you can create something resembling a functioning state ... 
  the dutch government has raised this possibility as well , citing that there is a mandate in international law . 
  their mandate is based on the idea that assad does n't have sovereignty as armed groups from syria ( isil ) continuously attack a neighboring nation ( iraq ) without signs of it stopping . 
  the political decision to actually go ahead with strikes on syrian soil has n't been made yet , the mission in iraq was extended with two f16s fewer . 
  ca n't you theoretically prop up a government and then remove your own military at a rate that is pegged to the rate at which the country is rebuilding its police and military ? 
  learn and be part of a civil society that is capable of proper democratic accountability in the future greek democracy . 
  do n't fall to political apathy , that is the mistake the previous generations made which is costing you dearly now . 
  with the bankrun going on right now banks might start falling before the government does . 
  i feel like i just saw a unicorn , a german with humor !, 
  steinkolen deutsch !, 
  there main difference between the post ww2 us and current russia , is the fact that only the us had the bomb and there were no sovjet long range bombers that could reach the us . 
  it is just pathetic that you are downvoted while you are the only one adding any information to the discussion . 
  i bet nobody that downvoted you read the letter either . 
   euro area member states would continue to decide on taxation and the allocation of budgetary expenditures according to national preferences and political choices . 
  however , as the euro area evolves towards a genuine emu , some decisions will increasingly need to be made collectively while ensuring democratic accountability and legitimacy . 
  where exactly will member states lose sovereignty and how exactly does he propose to increase democratic legitimacy ? 
  currently loss of sovereignty to the eu = less democratic legitimacy . 
  that is dystopic as fuck . 
  i 'm inclined to force vaccinations . 
  unvaccinated children are a health risk to their surroundings . 
  safety for people that do take precautions trumps religious freedom . 
  yeah that is not what happens . 
  the amount of capital relative to pension obligations ( dekkingsgraad ) is calculated by a formula that uses the market interest rate ( rekenrente ) that is required to guarantee future pension obligations . 
  currently that interest rate is very low due to ecb policy . 
  the system uses the principle of present value ( future obligation / 1 + interest rate = capital you need to guarantee the obligation ) simply put : the lower the ecb interest rate , the more capital the pension funds need to hold . 
  this is neither a result of dutch government policy nor unfair towards current pensioners . 
  it was always the agreement . 
  if we were to increase payments to current pensioners we would effectively transfer wealth from future generations to current pensioners . 
  the reason our pension funds hold more than a trillion euros is to pay the baby boomers ( largest generation of all ) that will start to become pensioners in the near future . 
  there is a point were incompetency stops and criminality begins . 
  invasion yes , conquest no . 
  it was an invasion of england by a legitimate foreign claimant to the english throne that had been invited by the english parliament . 
  it was n't the dutch government invading england , winning , and putting england under its control . 
  i mean the man became joint monarch with his english wife and signed the bill of rights . 
  yeah the glorious revolution was n't a dutch conquest of britain . 
  william had a legitimate claim on the throne and was invited by english nobility . 
  it did n't establish dutch rule over britain and it was n't in the name of the dutch government . 
  i for one like our [ wall ornament ] ( http://www.modelships.de/museums_and_replicas/rijksmuseum-amsterdam/gel4a2139.jpg ) in amsterdam . 
  famous around the world for its effectiveness and efficiency, 
  it is a complicated issue . 
  refugees will simply have a negative impact on the country they are staying in , balancing that negative impact with some positive opportunities ( new jobs , invest programmes , outright financial support or whatever ) was what i was aiming at . 
  i think it would be best if refugees are housed in the region they came from . 
  ultimately you offer temporary asylum , not citizenship status , which means that all refugees should return to their own country when it is safe again . 
  that is simply easier if they remain in their own region . 
  plus the cultural similarities make it easier for the host country to accept them . 
  during world war 1 the netherlands housed more than a million belgian refugees , on a population of ~ 6 million . 
  but non the less , if the stresses put on turkey become unreasonable we should be prepared to house refugees in europe . 
  i 'd say build camps in the poorer countries and pay all employees from eu funds . 
  combine solving a refugee crisis with local economic opportunity !, 
   the eu and individual european countries must now offer much greater financial support to turkey to continue this great effort she is absolutely right . 
  preferably i 'd even like to see a legal way for us to reduce the amount of syrians going to europe and spend the money we save on refugees in turkey or safe havens in the middle east . 
  that just makes both moral and economic sense . 
  east sweden ? 
  interesting , i 've read the article yet somehow missed that part . 
  i only really registered the [ graph with the 2014 numbers ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/images/2015/04/blogs/economist-explains/20150425_wom401.png ) . 
  that year the migrant stream primarily consisted of people from war-torn countries , likely legitimate refugees . 
  do you have any idea what changed ? 
  source ? 
  there are some pretty big problems with unregistered prostitutes . 
  they tend to work from home and advertise using the internet . 
  these prostitutes are n't registered and they are fearful of the police because of it , putting them in a situation where they are easily abused . 
  girls that are forced into prostitution ( slavery , loverboys ) find themselves in that position . 
  how would such a war end ? 
  both world wars were fought until one side was utterly defeated . 
  unconditional surrender was the only outcome . 
  if you are the side that is getting utterly defeated the risk/reward equation of launching all nukes shifts in the favor of launching every day . 
  and what about tactical nukes . 
  say you are russia and you can destroy the american 4th fleet with tactical nukes fired from a sub or aircraft . 
  if you do n't the 4th fleet will get into the black sea . 
  do you launch ? 
  there is such a huge slippery slope . 
  i also think that any serious direct military conflict between nato and russia would turn nuclear at some point . 
  i would even go so far as to say that it is vital for peace in europe . 
  there is n't nearly enough political will nor support amongst the population for this plan . 
   it does . 
  we are far less free today . 
  are we really ? 
  i see this opinion a lot , but i really do n't share the sentiment . 
  the netherlands did and does have ambitions beyond trade , but the market has always been the primary benefit for us . 
  the other objective is lasting peace in europe . 
  the thinking in 1953 when the ecsc was founded was specifically that france and germany would n't want war if they both had acces to coal and steel resources trough a common market ( primarily in the ruhr area ) . 
  what are you getting at , the ecsc ?
