  their operational income ( resultat d\u00e9xploitation ) , income from selling newspapers , is 1,7 million . 
  yet their net profit ( benefice ) is 2,4 million , so where does that money come from ? 
  it comes from financial activities ( resultat financier ) which resulted in an income of 2 million euros . 
  these financial activities provide 55 % of the pre-tax net income , the newspaper would n't do so well without them . 
  so how does a newspaper company make more from financial activities than from selling newspapers ? 
  if we take a look at their current assets ( actif circulant ) of 127 million we see that those are 6 times as high as the total costs endured in the production of newspapers ( charges d\u00e9xploitation ) of 22,6 million . 
  this suggests that a large chunk of the current assets is n't used in any way for the production and sales of newspapers , yet is instead available for investments . 
  it would n't surprise me if they had a 90-100 million euros available for investing , a return of 2 million is actually pretty low in that case . 
  in a way this is n't a newspaper business , it is an investment fund with a newspaper business on the side . 
  with a 1,96 % return on equity it would be a more efficient use of capital for the split between investment activities and newspaper activities to happen . 
  it should be possible to use the excess capital to get a substantially higher return than 1,96 % when it is employed in other venues . 
  if financing the newspaper is a goal of the owners , they could simply personally transfer a part of their new returns directly to the newspaper . 
  edit : my french let me down . 
  madame ma\u00eetresse had so much faith in little je_l'aime_vraiment_le_fromage . 
  no , not really more like old people filled zeeland ... 
  technically australia was n't abroad at the time . 
  i was in south america and i was ready to book a ticket to rio , god damnit i want to forget :( . 
  i think i found the american !, 
  this just never gets old , ever . 
  how do you compare the quality of schools ? 
  i study at erasmus ( rsm ) and the faculty is actually doing the right things and moving in a good direction in my opinion . 
  the quality of the education and the students is increasing . 
  well our wealth is certainly tied to the usage of oil , yet the degree of which it is tied to the unfair exploitation of african oil resources is what i call a stretch . 
  [ not that much ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_oil_production ) oil actually comes from africa . 
  oh the irony ... 
  does n't seem like you can do more than superficial comments without content though . 
   you know nothing of economics . 
  ...  you can ( and almost certainly will ) reply with ad-hominems , i hope the irony does n't escape you . 
  i actually did basic micro and macro courses in university , mainstream economics says that immigration will have a positive impact on economic growth . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/special-report/21645996-one-american-six-now-hispanic-up-small-minority-two-generations-ago ) is an article by the economist on latin americans in the us , [ here ] ( http://www.oecd.org/migration/mig/oecd%20migration%20policy%20debates%20numero%202.pdf ) is an oecd report on the effects of immigration and here is some reserach on low skilled immigration [ 1 ] ( https://www.nber.org/papers/w14293 ) , and economic impact of immigration [ 2 ] ( https://www.nber.org/papers/w16736 ) . 
  but hey yeah studying economics is great advice , i suggest you take it . 
  is n't the australian programme costing billions of dollars ? 
  there is plenty wrong with the exploitation of natural resources in africa , but it is a far stretch to say that they would be as rich as dubai . 
  it is also a far stretch to say that the practices are a large contributor to prosperity in the western world . 
  jobs are n't a zero sum game . 
  economic consensus says that immigration is a driver of economic growth due to increased consumption followed by production . 
  all of your other examples are tied to resource scarcity and would be naturally resolved by economic growth . 
  this is all provided that you have a somewhat functioning labour market , the immigrants make an effort at learning german and accept any job they can get . 
  you can make all sorts of objections against immigration and refugees , but the scarcity of resources really is n't the strongest argument you can make . 
  oh please . 
  hungaria receives 3.65 and pays 0.862 . 
  all of eastern europe are massive net recipients . 
  i 'm starting to see a pattern here . 
  ah the day 's harvest . 
  our current government accepting eu migrant quotas would be a wet dream for wilders . 
  to provide some information on the refugee situation in a country that borders syria . 
  what is yours ? 
   sky iberia ca n't geolock and more than sky itself can , if the laws are well written . 
  yeah i just forgot about that one ... 
  if direct regional price differentiation is n't allowed you could do multiple things to bypass that . 
  you could use tiered services but then put the most popular local content in different tiers and price packages with french content higher than those with bulgarian content . 
  or you 'll buy the rights to content for the entire eu in a holding and then lease those rights to subsidiaries and then let them charge different prices . 
  sky eastern europe , sky scandinavia , sky iberia , etc. 
  one way or another someone in luxembourg is going to be paying more than someone in bulgaria . 
  i do n't think we 'll be seeing usa style tiered services within the eu . 
  prices will still be different in different countries . 
  you are n't maximising profits if you charge a single price in the entire eu . 
  if you want to see a country that ca n't handle the refugees anymore , visit lebanon . 
  the country has 4,4 million nationals and hosts 1,19 million syrian refugees . 
  i feel your pain , i hedged but still at -3 % :(, 
  ssshhh, 
  are n't you lot still below potato famine levels ? 
  how does that even work ? 
  i ca n't really imagine that those posters are responsible for the failure of the referendum , that is an insult to the intelligence of the average voter . 
  is n't it more likely that a lot of voters think that they benefit from the status quo and therefore do n't want to change it ? 
  40 % of all somalians seems improbable to me . 
  men tend to commit the vast majority of crimes , which would mean that almost all somalian men in denmark have been convicted of a crime . 
  where did you get this number ? 
   `` 76 % of all ` irregular migrants ' detected by frontex are young males . 
  11 % are women and 15 % are children '' ah the migrant problem is growing every day , we 're already at 102 %, 
  i think these qualifications cover the newspapers better : the volkskrant has a social democratic bias nrc has a liberal bias trouw has a christian democrat bias . 
  the telegraaf has a conservative/populist bias . 
  i 'd compare it to the daily mail in the uk . 
  the ad is a ` popular ' newspaper which is selfproclaimed unbiased . 
  low level analysis and a focus on regional news . 
  which might indicate that the ownership market is saturated . 
  a difference between ownership and rental markets can exists due to lack of capital/credit or willingness to tie down assets . 
  to me it just sounds like a classic example of rent controls decreasing supply to levels under equilibrium by decreasing the incentive to invest in increased supply . 
  we have something somewhat similar going on in the netherlands with social housing in popular cities . 
  yet i really do n't know any of the particulars and nuances about the stockholm real estate markets , so the situation might be different . 
  or people will live in cities that are close-by and commute to work . 
  the problem is a current lack of housing so these people would n't be able to move to stockholm anyway . 
  if you let market forces interact you will see more private housing investments and an increase in supply on the medium term . 
  whereas the supply would n't increase in the current model . 
  it is just resolving scarcity by increasing prices and lowering demand instead of waiting lists . 
  supply and demand set a price point . 
  fewer people want to live there and supply will increase due to higher rents up to the point where equilibrium is reached . 
  at that rate you will all be immortal !, 
  the only viable solution is executing you , sorry . 
  afaik yes . 
  which is also overlooked when people talk about the german intra-eu trade surplus . 
  extra-eu imports go to the netherlands via rotterdam and exit the netherlands as intra-eu exports to germany . 
  which means that a lot of the intra-eu imports of germany are actually extra-eu imports . 
  natural selection . 
  before we built dikes only the people tall enough to stay above the flood line survived . 
  well if you lot were n't a bunch of opera hooligans we 'd still share a country . 
  yeah some cool stuff was added to the city in recent years . 
  we also got a [ new central station ] ( http://www.nationalestaalprijs.nl/uploads/projecten/1064/rotterdam_centraal_aanzicht_stadszijde.jpg ) and a new [ market hall ] ( http://www.raymonddelno.photography/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/markthal3_2x3.jpg ) . 
  [ this is a nice picture of the current skyline ] ( http://medias.photodeck.com/6e1a14ca-a95f-11e3-83a7-f2b86e40979d/79057_xgaplus.jpg ), 
  i will not have my candy insulted by a southern rebel .
