  i will not stand for it !, 
  scotch, 
  well they are military allies , share a currency and gave up some sovereignty to the same supranational organisation where they resolve most of their international issues . 
  in a historical light , i 'd say they are united . 
  i like how the french and germans are resolving their differences in belgium using words instead of bullets . 
  i love how they united western europe against a common enemy, 
  the debate would be about what is good and reasonable . 
  what if this is n't about fair trials but about the treatment of people found guilty by a fair trial . 
  what if someone did rape a child and was found guilty by a fair trial . 
  how would the child and the parents feel about punishment , how about society as a whole ? 
  in a system where the state has a monopoly on violence the punishments should also be enough to prevent the victims from seeking revenge themselves , that is an element of a sustainable justice system . 
  should a child rapist have the same jail conditions as a robber is a very valid question to ask in a democracy , downvoting everyone who does n't share your opinion and borderline nationalistic eu vs us sentiment really is n't . 
  if it is just determined by litres/capita , would n't tourist destinations where tourists drink a lot skew these results ? 
  again discriminatory not [ racist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism ) , moroccans are n't a race . 
  it would be racism if he said something like : `` do you want more or fewer n * ggers ? '' . 
  i do think his statements were unacceptable conduct for a member of parliament in a liberal democracy , he crossed a line there . 
  the fact that so many idiots vote for him makes me lose faith in our society . 
  not sure why you are getting downvotes . 
  the pvv is n't a racist party , if anything it would be discriminatory towards muslims and muslims are n't a race . 
  well the nazis actually were evil jew haters , i think that it 'd be best not to forget about that . 
  i do agree that we should learn more about how a society turns away from democratic values and ultimately becomes a totalitarian state . 
  but i do n't think that we should take away attention from the holocaust to achieve that , it should be a symbol of that which we try to prevent . 
   but i have lived in germany for many years and there is an unhealthy guilt there . 
  i think that germans can handle the truth by now , but the holocaust narrative overpowers a lot of other discussions . 
  what is this truth according to you ? 
  the holocaust happened and 6 million jews were killed in extermination camps . 
  it is one of the most horrible things that has ever happened in the ` civilised ' world and germans were responsible for it . 
  i agree with you on the spanish civil war , but it is a far stretch to then extend that to ww2 . 
  you are just ignoring german expansionism , multiple violations of the treaty of versailles , and the entire pacific theatre . 
  besides all that i firmly disagree with this statement : `` if anything i 'd say the holocaust and nazis trying to extinguish all jews and minorities are overemphasised . '' . 
  we ca n't learn from this part of history enough in my opinion . 
  ww2 as a proxy war between fascists and communists ? 
  i 've never heard this one before and i 'm very skeptical , it sounds like some cold war revisionism . 
  the economist absolutely is n't conservative , they are classical liberal . 
  edit : downvotes , really ? 
  they have been vocal supporters of lgbt rights , supported both labour & conservatives and republicans & democrats , state themselves that their position is radical centrism and they trace their roots back to the very foundation of liberalism with adam smith and david hume . 
  saying that the economist is a conservative paper is just plain wrong . 
  go to the website in incognito mode , you 'll be able to access the article ( it works via cookies ) . 
  yes , healthcare insurance support as well . 
  all dutch welfare is in cash , none of it is in vouchers . 
  i believe that vouchers are an american thing . 
  people that commit atrocities are n't automatically insane . 
  some people have very different views on morality , are perfectly sane , and commit acts of terrorism or other atrocities . 
  i feel that saying that people that commit atrocities - or belief they are right - are insane is just a way of reassuring ourselves that sane people would never do such a thing . 
  sane people do , did , and probably will do horrible things . 
  ideas are powerful . 
  i hate to be that guy , but nazi germany is a good example . 
  how do alcohol taxes work in finland ? 
  macallan amber is 47,50 on the cheapest website in the netherlands and 69,40 on your link . 
  yet a beer like chimay blue is 1,79 here and 4,48 in finland . 
  some of the greatest inventions in human history were done in america in the last 40 years . 
  cheap computers . 
  that is just an example of a moral hazard , not what the term exclusively means . 
  it is a term in economics that refers to behaviour in a situation with information asymmetry , the term is widely used and it 's roots are in the insurance industry . 
  simply put : one party takes risks that the other party is liable for . 
  a country loaning money that it knows it probably wo n't repay is an example of a moral hazard . 
  i really like cheese, 
  the reclaimed bits can be extremely fertile , take a look at flevoland or zeeland . 
  why is this ? 
  more liberalized labor markets ? 
  you get a lot of downvotes but you are right . 
  people are having a hard time trying to pay their tourism taxes when they rent out their apartment in the netherlands and some local municipalities do n't know how to deal with it . 
  amsterdam did the sensible thing and made a deal with airbnb directly , they now get their tourism tax from airbnb . 
  this is the way to regulate the sharing economy , there are no extra administrative burdens on the people that want to rent out their apartment and the government always gets its taxes with 0 errors . 
  go efficiency . 
  greece should just copy the system , i would totally support spending some dutch tax money on experts that would help them implement it . 
  you could call the netherlands a melting pot , we sure are n't a homogenic country anymore . 
  this is the population breakup according to our central statistics bureau ( cbs ) ( 1-1-2014 ) groups | number -- | -- immigrant ( allochtoon * ) | 3.594.744 native ( autochtoon ) | 13.234.545 total non-western immigrants | 1.997.584 total western immigrants | 1.597.160 total africa | 612.627 total america | 643.290 total asia | 775.520 total europe ( excl natives ) | 1.542.277 total oceania | 21.030 eu ( excl natives ) | 984.106 total population | 16.829.289 * cbs definition of allochtoon = `` a person that lives in the netherlands of whom at least one parent was n't born in the netherlands . '', 
  : a moroccan person whose parents where born in morocco is an allochtoon , a morrocon person whose parents where born in the netherlands is an autochtoon , a morrocon person of whom one parent was born in morocco and the other in the netherlands is an allochtoon . 
  fun fact : most of our royal family is allochtoon according to this defintion . 
  a more detailed breakdown per country is available at [ dutch wikipedia ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bevolking_van_nederland#etnische_bevolkingssamenstelling ) . 
  the cbs estimates that the immigrant ( allochtoon ) fraction of the population will grow substantially to 30 % ( 17 % non western , 13 % western ) of total population in 2050 or 5,3 million people . 
  due to the definition of allochtoon this also means that a lot of people ( 3rd + generation ) from a morrocan , turkish , suriname , indonesian , or antillian background will all be natives ( autochtoon ) in the 2050 projection . 
  native therefore does n't mean white tall person called jan. 
  this is the religous breakdown according to a 100,000 people sample . 
  religion | percentage -- | -- secular | 43 % roman catholic | 28 % dutch reformed | 9 % protestant | 6 % islam | 5,8 % hinduism | 0,6 % reformed | 4 % other | 10 % this is again far from homogeneous and it does n't reflect our history as a protestant nation anymore . 
  if we take a look at the current breakdown and future trends of the dutch population i would say that the characterization of a cultural melting pot is a fair one . 
  being dutch and of dutch culture is something else today than it was in the past and it will mean something else still in the future , in that sense i think that the parallel with americanism is n't that far fetched either . 
  it was objectively the era in which europe was the most powerful , influential , and wealthy relative to the rest of the world . 
  europe was the undisputed centre of the world . 
  we did absolutely atrocious things to get there and we are - absolutely speaking - in a much better position now , yet we are n't the centre of the world anymore . 
  [ yeah never , especially not in our second largest city . 
  ] ( http://medias.photodeck.com/6e1a14ca-a95f-11e3-83a7-f2b86e40979d/79057_xgaplus.jpg ), 
  east germany is still eastern europe tbh . 
  aruba more to the west and part of the netherlands . 
  and some people get * very * upset, 
  this is what you get when you hold a [ substandard ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/01/eurozone-greece-rights-idusl8n0zh3io20150701 ) referendum . 
  that is 5000 euros per greek person in humanitarian aid , how on earth would greece need that after a grexit . 
  are n't most of those things internal french issues ? 
  france still has an effective veto in the esm and in general nothing in the eu will happen without france agreeing . 
  that is the same power as germany . 
  maybe i see it differently as i 'm from a small country . 
  she is probably the most important pacifist in europe ... not exactly a republican virtue . 
  what power does germany have that france does n't ? 
  most of these problems do n't result from the eu , but from globalization in general . 
  sounds plausible and i 've heard it before from a lot of politicians defending the euro in 2012 . 
  yet i 've never seen numbers that were n't surrounded by serious debate . 
  do you know of any such studies ? 
  thanks , interesting read . 
  yet when i purely look from the perspective of a strong economy i have some objections to the arguments in favor .
