  true , yet ppp gdp per capita is still a decent way of quickly comparing levels of wealth in countries . 
  what poland has achieved in since it became a capitalist country is highly impressive in my opinion . 
  that 's 38 million poles moving up to italy 2015 levels of wealth in 5 years . 
  who saw that one coming in ' 91 . 
  good times to be alive . 
  ca n't we start an information campaign in libya ? 
  hire an advertising agency to create an information campaign focussed on the dangers of the crossing , the years of uncertainty in refugee centres , being sent back if you are n't a legal refugee , etc. 
  basically images of drowning women and children . 
  and are n't there any ways in which we can increase the costs of a trip ? 
  making sure to capture or sink any ships that are used etc. 
  the difference is that europe is filled with developed , wealthy and moderatly powerful nations that can potentially solve this issue trough policy . 
  the horrible conditions that make people want to leave are n't going to get better fast enough , i feel we have the obligation to act . 
  us and latino immigrants , the economist wrote multiple articles on the subject three weeks ago . 
  without latino immigrants the us economy would be in a lot of trouble . 
  if us latino 's were an independent nation their gdp would rank 13th . 
  these are human beings you are talking about . 
  letting them drown when you pickup distress signals and have the capacity to help is highly immoral in my opinion . 
  we are better than that . 
  i agree that these refugee streams have to be stopped but there has to be a civilized way of achieving that goal . 
  do n't you always ( with any oath ) have the option to say ' dat verklaar en beloof ik ' ( this i declare and promise ) or ' zo waarlijk helpe mij god almachtig ' ( so help me god ) ? 
  highschool tried really hard to turn philip ii into the worst dutch ruler ever , we might be biased as a nation . 
  philip ii literally burned people at the stake , taxed the country into oblivion and practically forced a massive uprising . 
  the only good thing that man did was cause popular support for independence . 
  what about emperor nero or caligula ? 
  maybe some renaissance prince ? 
  i am concerned with the checks and balances , especially concerning dutch and eu citizens . 
  this seems like something that 'll get out of hand sooner rather than later . 
  merci beaucoup, 
  highly impressive history , london , i speak the language , home of some great music , brilliant witty dry humor . 
  the uk is a mighty fine chap and a good sport . 
  tremendously interesting indeed . 
  tally-ho and earl grey . 
  that is basically what foodstamps are for right ? 
  is that system failing or parents failing ? 
  `` if you want to understand what 's most important to a society , do n't examine its art or literature , simply look at its biggest building '' - joseph campbell, 
  but that is a false choice . 
  it is n't an american model or a current french model . 
  look at scandinavian states , they have very elaborate social security combined with efficient free market economies . 
  i tend to get the idea that discussions about the public sector or economics in general have some sort of a ' national pride ' element in them , whereas i think it should just be about the ways in which you can maximise the wealth and happiness of your people . 
  what do you think the current economic problems of france are ( if any ) and how should you solve them ? 
  it 's a serious question as all i read in dutch newspapers and the occasional english newssource is that the french economy is not doing well on an international competitive level , that the public sector is very large compared to other free market economies , and that it would be good for economic growth if labor laws and the public sector were reformed . 
  what do you think of that ? 
  point 1 seems to be an element that is entirely up to the government to organise well . 
  ca n't we share that knowledge within the eu ? 
  that seems like something that could give inter-eu trade a bit of a boost at a relatively small cost . 
  please come home :(, 
  well my observation is this : * 1 . all individual member states put forth money for the greek bailout . 
  * 2 . all individual member states therefore have to ' sell ' the bailout to their electorates . 
  * 3 . the bailout is very impopular in some memberstates . 
  germany is the largest contributor to the bailout and the bailout is very impopular in germany . 
  germany is therefore very strict in the negotiations regarding the bailout because they don ' t want to set precedents nor do they want to spend a single euro more than absolutely necessary . 
  4 +5 make germany ( and therefore merkel ) the spokesperson for the fraction of eu countries that want to be ' tough on greece ' , which means that without her support there will be no bailout . 
  ( if the ' tough on greece ' fraction agrees , the more moderate fractions also agree ' ) . 
  this means that merkel has to agree to a greek bailout , otherwise it is n't happening , precisely because it is money from individual member states . 
  well , it is n't actual eu money . 
  it 's money from the individual member states , with germany as the largest source of cash . 
  whenever i have to do something like this i use the delicious food we stole from indonesia . 
  i honestly think you can argue that dishes like sateh are part of dutch cuisine . 
  thats not what the congress of vienna said , which you signed . 
  all belgium really did since being conceived is serve as a battleground between the germans , french , and brittish . 
  belgium was n't even a thing in 1815 . 
  i still see them as the rebellious southern netherlands that they are . 
  i 'd call landing marines on english soil and sailing away with their flagship a rather decisive victory . 
  given the fact that belgium 's contribution to europe has primarily been in the form of hosting battles between actually relevant countries , i would suppose that this is rather fitting . 
  not that belgium was a thing in 1815 offcourse , or right now to be honest . 
  just a slightly uncomfortable road to france really . 
  i would like to see more initiavites like the [ uk/nl landing force . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/netherlands_marine_corps#uk.2fnl_landing_force ) . 
  there is a similar programme with a dutch airmobile brigade under german command . 
  and i believe we just started to fully integrate our air defenses with luxembourg and belgium . 
  if units train together , use similar equipment and design command and control structures that allow international cooperation we should be able to increase our firepower per spent euro . 
  i actually think the germans would be the bigger problem , they are a lot less keen on deploying troops . 
  especially when you compare the willingness to utilise military force between the uk or france and germany . 
  luxenbourg has the highest gdp in europe , everything is crazy expensive . 
  we do n't have a single politcal party in favor of laissez faire in the entire country . 
  at most we have limited interventionalists . 
  trade and stability ~, 
  the us is outperforming the eu on innovation and is doing so with private money , i 'd say that the solution is n't in spending more public money . 
  i agree , please take limburg away from us . 
  well commonwealth forces liberated us from the germans and the french are , well , * french * ... easy choice really . 
  to give people * your * flag, 
   too bad that unlike big data companies like facebook , uber doesnt actually have a long term business model other than crushing the competition before dialing up prices and become more expensive than regular taxies ever were . 
  uber - like facebook - is a business that derives value from network effects . 
  more drivers means increased service quality for ride-takers and more ride-takers means more work for drivers . 
  it is a self-reinforcing system that is non-trivial to replicate . 
  uber is also uniquely positioned to improve the functioning of the taxi market through surge pricing . 
  having a fixed price for every taxi ride regardless of other circumstances is idiotic . 
  because uber can offer surge pricing it is attracting more supply to the market when it is necessary , again benefiting drivers and ride-takers . 
  uber is a very scalable business . 
  a lot of the costs ( i.e. 
  app development ) have no linear relationship with the number of rides that are being purchased in the system . 
  when they reach the tipping point they can start to generate money fast . 
  currently they are just choosing to finance growth over profit because they still need a larger footprint . 
  this is exactly what amazon did and it is a very valid business model . 
  the whole notion of uber hiking prices after it destroys a local taxi industry is pretty far fetched . 
  what will the old taxi drivers do when the prices suddenly increase ? 
  they sure as hell wo n't stay home , they 'll start driving again , leading to a situation where increased supply puts pressures on the price point ... 
  the taxi industry exists to serve consumers , it has failed to do so horribly in the past and uber is fixing it . 
  uber offers a better service for a lower price than the traditional taxi industry . 
  ironically it is the strong lobby of the incumbent taxi industry that is protected by a broken licensing system that will benefit from this ban .
