  stating that : '' it is only the gypsies that do such heinous things , not us spaniards '' - ( paraphrasing from op ) would therefore definitively be racism . 
  if you are against a certain practice , like marrying of 14 year olds , you reason against the practice and get the practice outlawed . 
  there is no reason at all to bring in some statements about a certain type of people doing it , other than to be racist . 
  i did n't know this , thanks . 
   the minimum marriage age was that low for ** the gypsies ** in the first place . 
  ** they are the only ones that would even consider marriage at that age . 
  ** sit down , grab pop corn and wait for the gypsies and their defenders to yell : `` racism !, 
  discrimination !, 
  the despicable actions of the spanish government try to smash our ancestral traditions '' . 
  well what you did right there is actual discrimination , you assume a certain behaviour based purely on the fact that these people are gypsies . 
  if gypsies are a race , it is also racism . 
  why are you being such a huge bigot ? 
  no it would be unfair towards poorer areas as , if the moral hazzard exists , more police resources would be allocated to wealthier areas . 
  i thought that was perfectly clear ? 
  the unfair aspect for wealthier people is that they 'd be monitored more by police . 
  ( receiving special attention from police based on income level is a bad and unfair thing imo ) but all of this is provided that the moral hazard exists , a lot of people seem to think that it does n't but i 'm not convinced and would n't want this policy in my country . 
   i find it funny that a lot of people seem to have this idea that any fines the police hand out goes directly to their pay . 
  no i do n't think that , and i agree that would be a horrible idea . 
  in the us you do have a situation where certain seized goods go towards the police budget , definitly creating a moral hazzard . 
  ( civil forfeiture laws ) see my reply to nitroxious , it could also be a moral hazzard for policy makers . 
  the fine money does go to the state , that means that the policy makers have an incentive to increase patroling in wealthier areas . 
  policy makers have influence over police departments . 
  i 'm not saying it is happening , but i am saying that this could be an undesireable side effect . 
   why would police care ? 
  theyre not getting a cut well patroling wealthier areas could be profitable for the state if the revenue from higher speeding tickets is higher than the costs of increased patroling . 
  that would be a moral hazzard for policy makers . 
  it could also be problematic if getting the highest fines becomes a prestige thing within police departments . 
  does n't this create a moral hazzard where police have an incentive to patrol wealthier areas / pay more attention to expensive cars ? 
  this could in turn make wealthier areas safer from speeding than poorer areas , and it would also be unfair ( objectively unequal , unfair imo ) towards wealthier people . 
  it is almost as if you need diplomatic skills if you want to work with other nations . 
   i 'd like to clarify that we are not asking for support to deal with refugees , we are asking for support to deal with boat immigrants . 
  alright , fair . 
  provided all immigrants are properly registered per all relevant treaties and eu agreements , which was n't the case according to dutch newspapers . 
  not sure about our public opinion , but i do have some statistics on the number of refugees per capita in some european countries . 
  ( from this week 's economist , they got them from eurostat ) refugees per 1000 ( 2014 ) germany 2.4 sweden 12.2 italy 1.3 switzerland 7.4 france 3.8 netherlands 4.5 britain 2.0 belgium 2.7 bulgaria 0.6 denmark 2.4 my own personal opinion based on these numbers , the netherlands has no short-term obligation to accept more refugees . 
  especially since it is italy that is asking for support and we 're accepting 3.5 times as many refugees per capita . 
  i do n't agree . 
   they 're not sharing either way . 
  if a company makes profits that are taxed in our country , then they pay the tax no matter where they are from . 
  but we are missing out on the income taxes from the high paying tech jobs , those are in the us . 
  we 're also missing out on the financial , technical , and knowledge ` infrastructure ' that is so beneficial for starting a new business , and new businesses are an important driver for economic and job growth . 
   it 's not like the americans keep all the innovations secretly hidden in a tiny valley in california , they share them with the world . 
  well some actually do : 1 . 
  actual technological secrets like the google algoritm or space-x technology . 
  patents , companies like apple , google , and intel hold loads of patents that are perfectly valid in europe , decreasing our competatitve ability . 
  you can off-course purchase their services , but most of that money goes to the us economy ( via salaries ) . 
  the large tech firms are also listed on a stock exchange in the us , which means that it is primarily us banks/funds/traders that get a good return on their investments . 
  and having more capital is very positive for a capitalist economy . 
   the start ups and high growth model might be interesting for a few risk taking people with the right skill set , but for most it is n't . 
  it is good for governments trough increased tax revenues , it is good for your capital markets , and it is beneficial in creating an environment where more new businesses can flourish . 
  i would again say that those things are a definate net positive for society . 
  if you look at it from a cold realpolitik perspective your description is spot on . 
  greece has very little bargaining power because it will go into default if it does n't receive money from other eurozone nations . 
  from the perspective of the nations that finance the bailout it only makes sense if a greek default is more expensive than the bailout . 
  compared to 2012 a greek default will have lesser consequences . 
  banks have divested and increased capital buffers and most debt is carried by the imf , ecb , and the eurozone nations . 
  this means that the bargaining power of greece has decreased further . 
  and if we go back to the realm of emotions , the syrzia government did some things that * really * did n't help public opinion in debtor countries , further decreasing sympathy for the greek cause . 
  i really think that we are at a point where there wo n't be much of a compromise . 
  syrzia either accepts the terms or we 're moving towards a greek default and possible exit from the eurozone . 
   most of the people here could already go to the one in the us and do their thing over there if they wanted to the whole point is that you do n't want your best and brightest to go to the us to do their thing , braindrain is really bad for society . 
  you want them to their thing here , and ideally you want smart people from all over the world to come here and do their thing . 
  high-paying tech jobs , increased innovation , an impulse for tech universities , and tech multinationals headquartered in europe all seem like very positive things to me . 
  technology is our best bet for increased prosperity , especially with our aging working-age populations . 
   sure as long as we do n't create mega-corporations with near-monopolies ourselves . 
  could you give me some examples ? 
  because i personally believe that firms like microsoft , apple , google , facebook , and intel are still a net positive for society . 
  i personally think that finance is one of the biggest areas where we can learn from sillicon valey . 
  we are too reliant on banks for capital , we need more venture capitalists . 
   that seems to have slowed down without the cold war . 
  and europe did n't do a lot of catching up . 
  privatised space transport ( perhaps even travel ) is the next big thing . 
  i think space-x is a great example . 
  sillicon valley , space tech , military tech , regulatory environment for starting businesses , etc. 
  there are areas where the us is better than europe , there are areas where europe is better than the us . 
  if we refuse to acknowledge that we 're going to miss out on good things . 
   simultaneously , rules surrounding so-called over-the-top communications services like facebook 's whatsapp instant messaging app will be scrutinized . 
  this last element has long been championed by the likes of deutsche telekom dtegy +0.94 % and other european operators , who see billions of people use whatsapp , facebook messenger and skype , while revenues from sms and voice calls decline . 
  i do n't even have words for this ... 
  we actually just had a small coalition crisis that resulted from a council of europe decision on our immigration policy . 
  both parties appeared to take the decision very seriously . 
  the council of europe actually has some power do n't they ? 
  will this mean policy change ? 
  there has to be some brilliant piece of flemish tv about her, 
  kinda surprised that we signed that with our current government . 
  his , our , fellow citizens failed him by littering in the first place . 
  doesn ' t this stem from the idea that you need nation states with a ' pure ' population to be succesful ? 
  might be a good one for / r/askhistorians, 
  the eu is n't a military alliance . 
  does n't this cause some degree of unrest ? 
  you have no military allies if russia would decide to attack and a military that does n't pose an effective deterrent . 
  that seems like a dangerous , and arguably irresponsible situation to be in . 
  in the netherlands the average age is 22,8 ( 2014 ) up from 22,4 ( 2004 ) . 
  most of the change ( 0,03 years ) happend in the last 2 years . 
  the education system is geared to leaving home relatively early here . 
  high school is split in different levels , the lowest levels take 4 years to finish , the middle one 5 , and the highest one 6 years . 
  if you take the lowest level you tend to take another 3-4 years of tradeschool . 
  this means that you are done with highschool at 16 , and done with tradeschool at 19 or 20 . 
  after which you should enter the labour market and have the financial means to move out . 
  the middle level students finish their follow-up education at 21 and the highest level finish with a masters degree at 22 .
