  dutch position was always in favor of getting the uk in and the creation of a single marketplace was at the very core of the agreement . 
  our fears are that the eu , without the uk , will become dominated by germany and france . 
  both the netherlands and the uk see the eu primarily as a marketplace and the uk is a valuable ally in pushing for market reforms . 
  the uk is also our second largest trading partner . 
  keeping the uk in the eu is a foreign policy objective of the netherlands . 
  it would not be a good thing for us if you left . 
  what about legitimate refugees ? 
  they ca n't apply for permission before they get to italy and we have signed treaties stating that we have an obligation to help them . 
   why not sink vessels that illegally enter territorial waters ? 
  this will also stop future people from trying because they will realize that it is pointless . 
  actually fire on boats filled with refugees ? 
  killing people by the hundreds because they enter our territorial waters illegally ? 
  these are people you are talking about ... 
  about [ 1.2 trillion dollars worth of stuff ] ( http://www.trademap.org/product_selcountry_ts.aspx?nvpm=1 | 276 | | | | total | | | 2 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 1 | 1 | ) ranging from fuels to machinery and pharmaceuticals . 
  i can actually see a good chunk of the stuff here in rotterdam . 
   yep , apparently jobs are created in countries that wo n't protect their population . 
  reality is n't that black and white . 
  have you read the article ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested in your opinion . 
  in 2003 the french and german economies were at a comparable level of performance . 
  in 2015 french unemployment is at a record high and german unemployment is at a record low . 
  the economist published [ an interesting article ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21649471-french-president-tries-belatedly-catch-up-other-more-competitive-countries-his?zid=295&amp;ah=0bca374e65f2354d553956ea65f756e0 ) on the subject . 
  it is a harsh truth , but policy in france has been directed at protecting people who hold jobs with the implicit result of lower job creation . 
  thanks . 
  by the way , that multi-lingual support is quite impressive, 
   there are a bunch of great debates that the eu has published online with senior figures giving answers in public hearings . 
  where can i find them ? 
   lots of people probably like some parts of ttip , but if the parliament can only say yes or no people are forced to oppose or support the entire agreement . 
  it 's democratically acceptable ( because the parliament can vote it down ) but i would n't say it 's democratic . 
  the problem is that we can only get a treaty if we put it to a yes or no vote on all points . 
  the entire idea is that the us concedes some to the advantage of europe and that europe concedes some to the advantage of the us . 
  the theory is that the combined value of the advantages is greater than the combined value of the conceded points . 
  if we split the agreement and make the negotiations public we 're going to see loads of politicians on both sides focussing on the points their respective countries have to concede , practically making any agreement impossible . 
  if we were to make the process entirely democratic and transparent the chances of there being an agreement are ( quite a bit ) smaller which would result in less overal value for both the us and the eu . 
  what is wrong with them ? 
  it is easier to negotiate behind closed doors , and after there is an agreement that both negotiators can agree upon you can put it to a vote . 
  if the agreement only comes into effect after a vote , the negotiators should keep that in mind while they are negotiating . 
  all in all it would lead to a smoother negotiation process resulting in a quicker treaty while still being democratic ? 
  true , but a merger does offer more strategic alignment & control which should enable them to make better use of their synergetic value . 
   well , you know , aeroports de paris [ 1 ] are also under investigation for `` tax evasion '' or `` tax optimisation '' ... 
  so i think it 's legitimate to wonder if ... could very well be . 
  i would be surprised if there was n't some tax-optimisation going on . 
  tricks like putting the ownership of the brand names and trademarks in a dutch holding ( royalties are tax free ) or putting the ownership of the actual planes in seperate holding which in turn leases the planes back to the firms . 
  there is a single holding company , air france-klm , which operates under french law and is headquartered at charles de gaulle airport . 
  taxes are paid in france over the holding company 's results . 
  air france-klm is currently not performing well enough . 
  there have been a number of losses in past years and profits where always low . 
  klm is currenlty performing better than air france and the differences are of an operational nature , i.e. 
  pilots are paid more at air france . 
  the general view in the netherlands is that klm is a healthy company that is being dragged down by air france ( that refuses to reform ) . 
  while there is some truth to this , it is too simple . 
  klm and air france need eachother 's networks to operate around the globe , there is real synergy between them . 
  if they were to split both firms would be worse off . 
  no , the differences between member states is too great ( at this point in time ) . 
  dutch society is amongst the most liberal countries in europe with high quality institutions that fit our country well . 
  i do n't want to risk that for the ( very ) unclear benefits of a united states of europe . 
  the general fashion style is horrible but navy blue suits and brown shoes are just fine , in fact i like them better than black shoes . 
  tripel karmeliet , best beer on the planet !, 
  what did you study ? 
  the future is pretty bright for engineers is n't it ? 
   do you think that it would be a good idea to reform trade school to eliminate the mandatory internship period ? 
  well the policy distorts the market but it also brings some significant advantages . 
  the internships firms offer have to abide by certain rules to ensure that the student is properly guided and actually learns the trade . 
  this means that it is harder for firms to just create ' cheap labour ' internships . 
  another major advantage is the fact that schools and businesses cooperate in the education of the workforce . 
  this is working especially well in the technical fields ( where there is a shortage of workers ) where businesses can actually provide acces to machinery ( or even robots ) . 
  and lastly there is n't a big problem with internships in the netherlands . 
  it is dependent on your field of study , but if you picked wisely you actually have some decent bargaining power on the labour market . 
  the thing is that trade school and community college all have mandatory intership periods as part of their curriculum . 
  this means that you 'll have a lot of people with very little bargaining power looking for interships every year . 
  unpaid internships are illegal in the netherlands , but you can pay them very very little . 
  university students do n't have mandatory internships , and the market functions a lot better there . 
  my personal expierence ( currenlty doing msc in a business field ) is that salaries differ greatly across industries . 
  consulting pays best ( 1500-3000 ) and marketing pays worst ~ 500 . 
  for consulting internships you see a crude inverse relationships between brand value and pay ( mckinsey pays quite a bit less than oc&c or roland berger ), 
  i always find it difficult to compare the vvd to foreign parties . 
  conservative-liberalism with a strong focus on the free market economy is about as far as i get . 
  labour is also in big trouble in the netherlands , they too are in a coalition with a conservative free market party . 
  labour is losing progressive voters to the lib-dems and leftist voters to the socialist party . 
  areas that have been labour since ww2 have changed parties in the last few years . 
  amsterdam is firmly lib-dem territory now , this was unthinkable a decade ago . 
  the north is now firmly socialist party , perhaps even more unthinkable . 
  labour lost 40 % of their provincial government seats last elections , the provincial governmerment also determines the senate which will be there until 2019 . 
   to summarise the economic meat of the article , which i pretty much agree with : a brexit would be a disaster , government 's economic record is mixed , the budget deficit is still high , the current account deficit is high , ** unemployment is high ** , productivity is weak , real wages have fallen . 
  they actually say that unemployment is low and they praise the current coalition for it . 
  low productivity is the biggest problem according to them . 
  see this paragraph :  and lastly , in the short term , britain 's weak productivity is the corollary of a jobs-rich , squeezed-wage recovery . 
  wage stagnation , as our briefing explains ( see article ) , is not an exclusively british malaise . 
  it is also preferable , both in economic efficiency and social equity , to the french or italian disease of mass joblessness . 
  better to recover from a financial crash and deep recession with a flexible labour market in which wages adjust than through unemployment . 
  britain will be a model for europe if the tories can boost productivity -- and they aim to do so by improving schools and infrastructure , giving power and money to cities and investing in science . '', 
  i would say this is a very fair assesment , which is at the core of the endorsement of the conservatives . 
  labour 's more interventionist plans would n't improve productivity ( as much ) and would decrease flexibility on the labour markets . 
  i do n't think you 've repealed it well enough and i would still agree with the economist . 
  i would be very inclined to believe them . 
  if you disagree , why are they wrong ? 
   all humans are one race , there is no gypsy race , you are the one being racist . 
  you have different groups of humans who share similar and distinct physical characteristics , we call those groups races . 
  predujce or discrimination directed against someone of a specific race with the idea that your own race is superior is racism . 
  some people consider gypsies , or the romani people , a race .
