drunk me thinks kapsalon is the best food that ever fed, 
  be the change you want to see on the subreddit , upvote posts that you think are positive and make some yourself . 
  but to stay on topic , which of those dishes do you think is best ? 
  thats not a dish man , that 's a collection of types of sausages which includes things like salami , chorizo , metworst , etc. 
  and the second most important point , in what universe is that better than bitterballen !, 
  i 'd say that our [ bitterballen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bitterballen ) are a strong contender for best dutch dish . 
  how this is not popular everywhere i will never understand . 
  dutch cuisine is quite limited , i actually love the dutch version of indonesian dishes , which we call chinese food , ( ... ) most of all . 
  i really like the uk , even though i have only had the chance to visit london so far . 
  i love speaking english , the pub culture , and i actually identfy with quite a few anglo-saxon values . 
  i do think that the class differences in the uk are quite a bit larger than in my own country . 
  i have to say that i like brits who have expierenced higher education quite a lot more than people who have n't . 
  to a larger degree than in my own country . 
  so uk worldwide exports would go from a british port to a mainland european port to be shipped intercontinetally from there ? 
  why do n't they just ship them directly from british ports ? 
  would n't that make much more sense ? 
  you are the first german ever that i see making a ww2 joke , we 've arrived at station forgiveness , 
  because spain 's economy shrank , less was produced and transported so less co2 ? 
  ( i do believe that spain means business in solar energy though so that probably contributed a lot as well , but thats not toto_bambutscha 's comment ), 
  this report is from march 1 2014 , after the pwc curators finished paying all creditors of lehman europe there was money left . 
  paper solvency proved right after all . 
  `` hedge funds , asset managers and other creditors of lehman brothers ' european arm will next month be fully paid out from money recovered from the carcass of the bank and could get an extra 5 billion pounds ( $ 8.4 billion ) . '', 
  you need liquid assets to do that , solvency is about all available assets after liquidation . 
  i found the orginial news report , its just about the british division though ( i forgot that ) so i might be wrong about the solvency of all of lehman . 
  dude lehman was solvent , the accountants just finished a couple of months ago and all debts were paid . 
  letting that bank fall was a mistake, 
  having a seperate monetary policy is also helping . 
  but could n't having a smaller piece from a larger pie , combined with cheap government spending ( growth + inflation ) potentially lead to a better society ? 
  germany and france are both far from perfect , especially for the lower classes . 
  but maybe i 'm being overly pragmatic and focussed on the short term . 
  would n't that actually provide proof that anglo-saxon capitalism works well if you want to achieve economic growth in a developed economy ? 
  i feel that it is way too early for a united states of europe . 
  i would instead love to see this group of strong democratic nations work together to expand the synergie between them using the eu . 
  i 'd love to see a change in the european budget were we move away from massive agriculture subsidies and move those funds towards creating a single european energy market . 
  lets make it possible to efficiently transfer power from north to south , east to west . 
  lets tap into the solar power potential of the south , the wind potential of the northwest and the water energy potential in the north . 
  but a single european government ? 
  bad idea , it would be so incredibly bogged down by bureaucracy and conflict that it would n't get a thing done . 
  the nations of the eu are just too different at this point in time , only centralise more power when it makes actual sense . 
  we have the expertise and resources to handle what is comming . 
  free trade works better than planning in most markets , it is not a controversial opinion at all . 
  spending tax money to subsidise agricultural products that lack demand is bad government policy . 
  the industry structure needs to change to match consumer demand . 
  some producers will not survive and some will thrive , as is the case in all markets . 
  why do farmers deserve special treatment ? 
  let the market determine what should be produced as much as possible , that 'll maximise wealth . 
  burgers ? 
  part of that is not bailing out farmers that made risky business decisions . 
  yeah and some farmers probably should . 
  i believe this is the official and domestically uncontroversial position of the dutch government , we are constitutionally obliged to uphold international law . 
  i really know nothing about international law but this seemed to be legitimate . 
  i read that there is a legal mandate for action in syria as assad lost de facto control over parts of the country and militants operate from those areas to attack another sovereign state ( iraq ) . 
  have you ever seen a map of the region ? 
  reaping the economic potential of immigrants is as american as apple pie . 
  in that sense i think we can learn a lot . 
  i 'm quite frankly disgusted by parliament 's attempts of undermining the judicial branch . 
  ironically the * liberal * vvd is leading the charge , thorbecke would turn in his grave if he saw the state of the party today . 
  i 'm a radical centrist on issues that do n't boil down to rights . 
  i do n't compromise an inch on individual rights , especially constitutional ones . 
  je me rends !, 
  work ? 
  there are ways to ethically invest money and still get better returns . 
  those returns could be used to hire more journalists , reduce prices of newspapers , give schools a discount , or some other mission related activities . 
  the way i see it , the opportunity costs they are incurring are harming their mission . 
  * you are absolutely right * , i was lazy translating and had a false sense of security due to my highschool french . 
  i assumed benefice was net profit before tax with the right side of the chart containing overhead charges . 
  i now see that it is tax , incidental income , and profit sharing . 
  should have seen that one . 
  i still disagree that `` produits financiers '' is irrelevant though , it contributes ~ 55 % to their net profit before tax . 
  it is also relevant in the sense that by far the biggest partition of their balance sheet is dedicated to this form of income , which could be improved substantially . 
   they still make 1.7 million euros out of selling paper . 
  it is difficult to say what they make selling papers . 
  the 1.7 million is only operating revenue and we really lack the information to determine what is and is n't tied to the newspaper business . 
  assuming that all costs and revenues except for financial revenue are tied to the selling of newspapers they only make ~ 350k . 
   the `` produits financiers '' column is basically irrelevant . 
  all it says is that they have a big cash reserve , and instead of hiding it in some duck 's nest , they put it in the bank , presumably in the shape of low-yield , low-risk assets such as sicav . 
  i disagree , the `` produits financiers '' column is where practically all their profit comes from . 
  the title of the post : `` french independant newspaper '' le canard encha\u00een\u00e9 '' : no ads , no web , no mobile , * 2m $ profit * ''  the yield of their financial assets is about 1.6 % which is frankly not that impressive . 
  i agree they could benefit a lot more from their capital . 
  sensible objection . 
  the thing is that their current returns are really low , you can make quite some costs and easily outperform the current situation . 
  say that their fund is a nice round 100m , they hire some advisors and do some trading and make 2m in costs , their returns rise to 6 % . 
  this is a. still an unimpressive result , b. twice as good as what they make right now . 
  but yeah , it would probably be even more efficient to use outsourced financial management . 
  i for one am looking forward to the wiedergutmachingsschitzel . 
  i 'm totally down for joining nations with ~ ~ the oilfund ~ ~ norway, 
  some do , like freely available newspapers . 
  the new york times has ad revenue at a level of around 75 % of their circulation revenue . 
  le canard does n't have any ad revenue . 
  well individual firms focused on activities tied to core competencies tend to outperform firms with a broad spectrum of activities that are n't tied to core competencies . 
  in this case the newspaper business and investment business do n't benefit from the same core competencies and would probably perform better if they were split up . 
  if the investment firm focuses on maximising returns , the newspaper business focuses on providing quality journalism and a single holding company owns both and accepts losses from the newspaper business it should be a pareto improvement due to increased performance of the investment firm . 
  thanks , i just finished my bsc in business administration , this really is n't that difficult . 
  anyone who did a college level accounting course should be able to do this . 
  i 'm currently mastering in information management and might start a second master in a financial field in january , fintech seems interesting . 
  you would set up a trust fund or holding company . 
  yes , but there are multiple structures that could work . 
  if you take a deeper look at the numbers you will see some interesting things . 
  they have a balance sheet total of 127 million euros and are 95,3 % equity financed . 
  their return on equity is 1,96 % , which is not high .
