  not even in flashbacks . 
  bob odenkirk is credited on ozymandias even though he does n't make an appearance . 
  and then i 'm gon na fuck you discreetly ... 
  i had the same problem . 
  i solved it by going to settings/general/usage and deleting music ( i had at least 8 gbs of music but it only showed 15 mbs ) . 
  downside is you have to download the songs you want all over but if you do , deleting option reappears ( deleting songs individually ) . 
  ants of the sky - between the buried and me, 
  `` let 's turn treble and bass all the way up . '', 
  `` sure you do n't want some mids in there ? '', 
   irresistable black hole, 
  walter 's doctor was black . 
  actually the photo map is still there . 
  you need to touch the location name above the collections to access it . 
  oh my fucking god , how this show is going to end i have n't the slightest clue . 
  btbam , lamb of god , mastodon, 
  because it 's better, 
  no kidding ... 
  i like you . 
  actually they announced it couple of months ago that the next album will follow the hunter in that it will be at least 12-13 songs that are 4 to 5 minutes each . 
  i will try to find source when i get home . 
  so yeah ... 
  so much for waiting for another crack the skye . 
  you 're thinking of stargasm . 
  i would say the same thing about any other mastodon show , really . 
  they are n't known to have amazing shows . 
  in fact ( now do n't get me wrong , i fucking love mastodon but let 's admit it ) , their live shows are almost always terrible . 
  watch them perform ` oblivion ' on letterman or their dvd , live at the aragon . 
  i love their albums but dudes just ca n't hold it together live . 
  that said , i 've watched them 2 times already and would go see them again in a heartbeat . 
  leviathan , too . 
  good point . 
  i personally hope it does n't , though . 
  i 'd like another album with 7-8 songs , each song 10 minutes on average . 
  he already did in the last episode when gretchen and elliott were talking about how blue meth is still out there . 
  that 's what makes him leave the bar , actually . 
  dat flamenco solo at the beginning of ` the call ', 
  * let me tell you the story ` bout the call that changed my destiny *, 
  i had the same issue the first time i built a pc . 
  turned out i 'd completely forgot about the gold screws ( called ` motherboard standoffs ' ) you need to screw under the motherboard and into the case so it does n't lead to an electrical short . 
  that 's why mine would n't boot up . 
   except maybe for the plane crash , everything that has happened in this show is plausible within the universe . 
  cue `` this ... is not meth . '', 
  scene . 
  voice acting does n't count as cgi . 
  no kidding . 
  that 's why successful bands do n't give a shit about what people think . 
  they just do what they love because no matter how good your album is , you 're never going to satisfy certain people ( not this subreddit but fans in general ) . 
  oh my fucking god , i ca n't wait to ditch time warner and go google fiber as soon as they bring it to la. 
  or doing routine backups, 
  i want to believe, 
  and the fucking government shuts down, 
  as an se custom 24 owner who pondered this very question before i bought it ... go to a guitar shop and try both of them . 
  each has their own qualities . 
  i went with se not only because i liked the tone better but i fell in love with the feel . 
  it feels like you 're having sex with a woman when you 're playing one ( i can get passionate ... ) . 
  is it true you 're writing a sequel to fight club in graphic novel format ? 
  if yes , when can we expect it to be released ? 
  there are no camels in istanbul and jerusalem . 
  these guys have n't done their research . 
  mmm ... exquisite . 
  that 's a smart cat if i ever saw one . 
  * slowly approaches from behind and whispers *, 
  * into ear *, 
   machine head, 
  ahh yes . 
  those days when rob flynn wore adidas and rapped for 3 minutes . 
  his tone suggests a healthy amount of butthurtery, 
  how the fuck am i judging the genre ? 
  i 'm just saying it was n't consistent with their previous albums . 
  just because you 're doing something different does n't mean it 's fucking mind blowing . 
   i like almost all of heritage . 
  it has like 71/100 on metacritic and allmusic gave it a 4.5 / 5 stars . 
  so it 's not a bad album except if you 're a hater of the genre switch . 
  opeth has the single best discography of metal , it 's simple . 
  they are the most consistently great and innovative . 
  this is so stupid i 'm not even going to bother, 
  when i successfully played paul waggoner 's solo in ` lay your ghosts to rest ' ( the fast one after the chorus ), 
  i know it 's a somewhat shallow advice but using guitar pro helps an immense amount with playing faster since you can slow down the songs . 
  wow this is amazing, 
  more like the indian version of calvin and hobbes . 
  too late , the hivemind has spoken, 
  i 've always found openoffice better than libre . 
  thanks for the informing response . 
  i will definitely check out libre . 
  although i 'm too familiar with openoffice now , would the switch to libre be too difficult or are they more or less similar ? 
  you do n't know much about cats , do you, 
   smelly and scared, 
  sounds like the day i lost my virginity, 
  my penis . 
  i stroke it gently before making big decisions . 
   using your non-dominate hand for small tasks . 
  soo ... masturbate with my left hand ? 
  i do n't, 
  tesseract - altered state, 
  dream theater - dream theater, 
  steven wilson - the raven that refused to sing, 
  clutch - earth rocker, 
  bring me the horizon - sempiternal, 
  ** avenged sevenfold - hail to the king **, 
  i ca n't really say what 's wrong with your computers , however i had this exact same problem,
