  totally . 
  that 's how it 's drunk although the self-proclaimed hardcore people prefer to drink it without water . 
  edit : wow thanks for the gold !, 
  yup , same problem here . 
  totally random black screens of death ( not the ones with the cursor either ) . 
  it 's probably unrelated , but have you by any chance did any windows update in the last few days ? 
  likely a motherboard problem . 
  i would say have it looked at unless you know you can take a look inside without damaging anything . 
  what the hell just happened, 
  says the guy who does n't provide any information himself . 
  ios gets updated every year , which means they can be influenced by windows phone os . 
  yes , ios 7 is very `` flat '' with no faux textures , which is clearly influenced by windows phone . 
  edit : lol yeah downvote me apple fanboys . 
  downvote me for stating the obvious , you dumbfucks . 
  she 's not nearly as cute as she 's in the . gif . 
  sorry , i 'm just being honest . 
  why 'd you ask then ? 
  detroit , washington dc and ... orlando ? 
  what does the ` a ' stand for though ? 
  oooh . 
  my bad . 
  well , if you 're using the same apple account on iphones , icloud syncs your text messages across all of your devices . 
  hmm , that 's true . 
  well , in that case i guess i 'm not going to be able to be help you any further . 
  between the buried and me . 
  for a $ 800 budget , prs se series are a no-brainer . 
  they offer the best value in that price range . 
  except he was n't . 
  stringer bell does n't have suave ?? 
  joseph-gordon levitt . 
  killing them softly, 
  i agree up until the hunter . 
  i find it hard to believe that the hunter is worse than crack the skye . 
  judging by the pace they 're going at and the inconsistencies in their interviews , i doubt they 'll have it out by 2025 . 
  * sigh *, 
   same exact game, 
  so you * have * played battlefield 4 then ? 
  heh ... * private * . 
  get a fucking room you two, 
  heh . . replying for ... reasons ... 
  not trying to be a dick or anything but this loaded at about the same speed with i.minus, 
  i have a decent connection but i think speed has hardly anything to do with it since i only experience this problem on i.minus ( and now your website ) . 
  it 's probably because the . gif is huge but then again , i can watch 1080p videos on youtube just fine . 
  i use ios and windows ( firefox/chrome ), 
  thank * you * for making it happen . 
  good luck . 
  well , that 's too bad . 
  i think there is much need for an alternative to i.minus . 
  so what is the next step for you here ? 
  switch to html5 for better support on mobile devices ? 
  * brothers despise him ... *, 
  i would tell apple . 
  they have great customer service , they 'll probably let you upgrade it . 
  this is a dns problem . 
  change your dns to google 's and reset the router + modem . 
  then they should probably stop being programmers . 
  no , but it helps . 
  confirmed . 
  does that mean the next thing you 'll make with ryan gosling is a porno ? 
  not the cover . 
  he means the red papers . 
  that i had just had sex . 
  finally someone with reason . 
  emotive was bad . 
  that 's probably because it 's mainly a cover album but still , it was very underwhelming . 
  welp , two songs were n't enough to save that album in my opinion . 
  yeah , well , the ottomans were turks , not arabs . 
  they did n't need to wear desert-y clothes nor did they look like arabs . 
  redguards are way off . 
  i. . . uh ... 
  i do n't think that 's what he ... uh ... 
  what ? 
  literally a. 
  turkey . 
  corruption . 
  backwards thinking ( caused by islam ) . 
  i live in the us and i would move back to istanbul in a heartbeat because it is a beautiful country nonetheless but it would definitely take me a while to adapt . 
   no offense but fuck turkey and greece . 
  gee , thanks !, 
  all kidding aside , as a turk , it 's funny imagining a finnish thinking it 's better to live in turkey ( except for the weather maybe ) . 
  it 's doing whatever you 're supposed to do , which is whatever gift you are given ( it could be music or math . 
  whatever you 're good at , that 's what you should pursue . ), 
  everyone 's good at something . 
  the trick is finding it . 
  if you can find it early in life , then it 's easier . 
  but that does n't mean it 's too late when you find it when , say , you 're 50 . 
  yeah , you 're probably not going to earn a living out of it but as long as it makes you happy , then you can die peacefully instead of having to look back when you 're 90 and go ` fuck , i 've wasted my only shot at this life . 
  and now i 'm dead . ', 
  really ? 
  the dark knight trilogy ? 
  so nolan brothers , whom you consider to be of great talent , worked with goyer on 4 films and * you 're * the one who can see that he 's the weakest link ? 
  i know this is n't a solution but if you 're working to a deadline , openoffice is extremely useful ( and can open/convert . doc and . docx files ) . 
   dillinger escape plan, 
  does not compute . 
  sort-of-related fact ; chuck palahniuk just announced a sequel to fight club . 
  the storyline , if i 'm not wrong , follows the narrator and marla , now married . 
  their peace is disturbed when tyler comes back and kidnaps their kid . 
  i swear this is what he said . 
  he might be fucking with us for all i know . 
  [ here .
