  ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/life/books/2013/07/24/book-buzz/2583005/ ), 
   dillinger escape plan, 
   particularly shitty act, 
  [ here 's a better source . 
  ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/books/2013/07/chuck-palahniuk-returns-to-fight-club.html ), 
   bestselling author chuck palahniuk has revealed that he 's working on a graphic novel sequel to his critically acclaimed 1996 novel fight club . 
   the 51-year-old confirmed the plans with the cult , an official fan website dedicated to the author , during his visit to this year 's comic-con in san diego . 
   `` it will likely be a series of books that update the story 10 years after the seeming end of tyler durden , '' according to palahniuk . 
  `` nowadays , tyler is telling the story , lurking inside jack , and ready to launch a comeback . 
  jack is oblivious . 
  marla is bored . 
  their marriage has run aground on the rocky coastline of middle-aged suburban boredom . 
  it 's only when their little boy disappears , kidnapped by tyler , that jack is dragged back into the world of mayhem . '', 
   palahniuk said he 's been discussing the project with artists and developers at marvel , dc and dark horse , but has not approached a specific publisher yet . 
  due to contractual obligations , he does n't expect to be able to publish the new work until 2015 , although palahniuk mentioned the book publisher may allow him to launch the series earlier given its serialized format . 
   the novel was adapted into a commercially successfull film starring brad pitt and edward norton in 1999 . 
   palahniuk is also set to release three new titles over the next year or so , starting with the novel doomed , the second book in his damned trilogy , this october . 
  it follows a young girl who escapes hell and returns to earth . 
  hijacking this comment to say that this . gif is from turkey ( judging by the road sign , traffic lights and license plate ) . 
  sorry , a lot of people are asking where this is from . 
  reddit has better days ? 
  it 's not that i do n't like in 'n' out , i just think five guys is much better . 
  that brings all the downvotes in this subreddit , of course . 
  hamburger habit . 
  this is hilarious because it 's photoshopped . 
  or is it ? 
  it does n't . 
  dumb grammar nazis who did n't get the pun attempting to correct op in t-minus 3 ... 2 ... 
  i like karnivool . 
  turk here . 
  i ca n't talk for ireland or norway but in the us , i am considered white ( not only because of my skin - which is as white as it gets - but also as a race . 
  why the fuck would the capital city be chosen based on religion, 
  because not all humans are morons . 
  nope . 
  turkish flag has a crescent and a star on it . 
  that flag apparently has neither . 
  according to my estimates , about % 86 . 
  `` crime map does n't yet include santa monica . '', 
  seems legit . 
  when you compare it to detroit , baltimore or oakland , yeah , it is pretty safe . 
  holy shit you 're amazing . 
  if you wrote a guide , i would read the shit out of that . 
  more like a year from now . 
  yeah , i do n't see how this is pretentious . 
  this bot is extremely useless but i like it . 
  shut up . 
  wait what ? 
  dude is talented * and * wise . 
  that guitar ... 
  i want it . 
  now . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  so using a pedalboard with a cabinet would make no sound without a head ? 
  also , using a pedalboard with a combo ; would it sound worse compared to using a pedalboard with a head +2 x12 ? 
  if so , is that because combos have built-in effects ? 
  do n't heads also have built-in effects ? 
  so when experimenting with a pedalboard , should i always look for the combo/half stack that would provide the purest sound ( with least built-in effects ) , if that makes sense ? 
  yeah , time to start researching i guess . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  i appreciate it . 
  what do you mean by ` switching abilities ' ? 
  so that is a blackstar head and a mesa cabinet , right ? 
  may i ask what they cost you and how did you go about choosing those ? 
  i think i will start looking into a head and a 2x12 like you said . 
  seems like my best option . 
  i really do n't want to get a combo either . 
  also , awesome pedalboard !, 
  i can go up to $ 500 . 
  i ca n't really practice that loud since i live in an apartment but i can get louder at times . 
  as to how much loud i want to get , i think i want something with a decent punch . 
  60 watts should do . 
  haha i was just kidding . 
  but no seriously , that guitar . 
  i want it . 
  what does a carvin power amp do exactly ? 
  and between the buried and me , 
  this helps a great deal . 
  thank you . 
  haha might as well, 
  oh okay , i was n't sure if that was what you 're talking about . 
  i 'll definitely pick an amp with switching abilities over one without them . 
  or lateralus . 
  10 ) mirrors, 
  9 ) swim to the moon, 
  8 ) selkies : the endless obsession, 
  7 ) astral body, 
  6 ) obfuscation, 
  5 ) lay your ghosts to rest, 
  4 ) silent flight parliament, 
  3 ) white walls, 
  2 ) sun of nothing, 
  1 ) ants of the sky, 
  that pic with the band is pure awesomeness . 
  when it comes to homo complexes , it 's more like modern day russia, 
  because subliminal racism induction, 
  why you this curious about him masturbating, 
  good to know . 
  good to know . 
  was n't he also a literal bitchslapping legend ? 
  edit : nevermind .
