  what ? 
  i do n't even ... 
  are you 500 years old ? 
  because the city 's called istanbul and it 's under turkish rule , not arabs . 
  they 're completely different people . 
  that gal 's wickedly talented, 
  yes . 
  it 's overrated . 
  wrath is one of the best sounding albums i 've ever heard . 
  [ president barack obama signed legislation reversing this limit and reinstating lifetime protection on january 10 , 2013 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_secret_service#roles ), 
  conversations can get boring . 
  orgies on the other hand ... 
  that makes perfect sense . 
  what kind of tactics/methods do they employ in protecting these people ? 
  can you get into specifics ? 
  i 've never understood how he 's so productive . 
  how is it even possible ? 
  does he ever sleep ? 
  hahahahaha shut up . 
  you 're a retard . 
  there 's something fishy about this ... 
  basically , he 's fucking up the country immeasurably . 
  they 're both idiots . 
  erdogan is the bigger idiot , though . 
  pornhub is already banned ... 
  it 's a trap !, 
  what makes you think they give a shit about the eu, 
  i meant the people , not erdogan . 
  the people could n't care less about erdogan and what he wants at this point . 
  ooh nice catch, 
  if there was 100 people tweeting before , now it 's 238 . 
  ( i might be wrong , my math sucks ), 
   must a been, 
  harmony korine is like david lynch 's heir to the throne . 
  edit : fuck you , guys . 
  korine is the next kubrick , hitchcock and scorsese combined !!, 
  nice explanation . 
  you really pointed out the flaws in my opinion while providing examples . 
  clearly very well thought-out . 
  it 's very subjective , is n't it ? 
  i would argue that it does . 
  korine 's films require multiple watches , just like lynch 's in order to be fully absorbed and appreciated . 
  i enjoyed spring breakers , it was a very surreal portrayal of the shallow ` spring break ' culture . 
  but yeah , different strokes ... 
  it 's not but it 's evolving and facebook knows it has to keep up . 
  wow these are awesome . 
  do more !, 
  look at his username . 
  he lives for downvotes . 
  my bird makes this noise . 
  halluminati, 
  are you the guy from the video ? 
  are we talking about opening scenes or opening credits ? 
  if it 's the latter , enter the void is my personal favorite . 
  detective ( s ) going to a strip club to question one of the strippers . 
  `` maybe this, 
  * pulls out a $ 50 bill *, 
  will help you remember ? '', 
  i found the guy from the video !, 
  holy shit get a life . 
  i 'm not subscribed . 
  if you went through my history just for a good comeback , it only reinforces my point ; * get a fucking life * . 
  why not ? 
  what 's with the subliminal iphone 5c images ? 
  an important part of his sound is his gray les paul which if i recall correctly , is slightly damaged in some way which adds to his unique sound . 
  it 's cgi , from `` enter the void '', 
  that 's perfect . 
  i like this account . 
   erdogan even admitted some times later that the accusations were completely fake , but they were necesary `` to ensure the stability of our country '' aka `` keeping my party in power no matter what '', 
  source ? 
  i 'm going . 
  parking 's usually a mess at the greek theatre . 
  i 'd recommend getting there at least 3-4 hours before the show . 
  holy shit . 
  same . 
  i 'm gon na go out on a limb here and say ` people ', 
  holy shit i have n't laughed this hard in a while thanks for that, 
  seeing how btbam wo n't go with jamie king again on their next album , this should totally happen . 
  that 's because the axe fx has everything they need and more in a little box . 
  does n't mean they 're using less gear . 
  i mean , their setup is anything * but * simple . 
  i 'm trying to find the interview in which i believe it was dan who said they want to go with a different producer this time , but no luck so far . 
  i 'm starting to think i imagined the whole thing . 
  they will, 
  religion : plague, 
   btbam was , is , and will always be a metalcore band . 
  i 've seen some stupid shit on this site but your comment takes the cake . 
  this thread is pissing me off, 
  fuck yeah if i 'm in the mood for some party music i 'll listen to limp bizkit, 
  steven wilson - raider ii ( fucking 24 minute song ), 
  dae picture with the soldier ( un ) involved in africa ? 
  did you guys catch that because i surely did, 
  this might be the creeepiest thing i 've read on reddit . 
  it was something like ` hey i live in la and i 'm a big fan of johnny depp too so maybe we should meet up and discuss our obsession ', 
  not sure if sarcasm ... 
  saw them in la with trivium couple of years back . 
  i 'm a fan of both bands but in flames was terrible live . 
  it was like they wanted to just play their songs and get the fuck out of there asap . 
  i would say ` the psychopath test ' but that 's not it .
