  sweet . 
  saw in flames and trivium yesterday . 
  in flames was kind of dissappointing i have to admit but trivium man ... they killed it . 
  yeah i love in flames but they just seemed ... a bit bored . 
  it was in los angeles . 
  well seeing how they 're european and everything , maybe the atmosphere is familiar too , they must 've put quite a show . 
  anders kept saying stuff like ` america man , you guys are weird ' , ` fucking music police , america that is ' which are true haha but they made him seem kind of frustrated . 
  olympic is * okay * compared to santa monica and pico . 
  unless you have a 4.0 ... 
  you sir , are the terrible person . 
  also , very ignorant . 
  now , i wo n't lecture you about video games but fact of the matter is , those 60 bucks spent on video games are better than 60 bucks spent on some other useless shit . 
  also , video games . 
  video games . 
  they 're better than tv . 
  oh god . 
  i 'm so really sorry . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  that * is * a terrible game . 
  and here i am lecturing you about video games . 
  accept my apologies and upvotes , kind sir . 
  video games need a screen . 
  a tv is the whole thing , with channels and shows and shit . 
  i think it 's entombed valley . 
  mc champion gogo !, 
  yeah , i was thinking the same thing . 
  this should make for interesting builds that involve a faster stargate . 
  nice to see a zerg admitting this . 
  by that logic , i 'll assume you 're not going to be playing this game, 
  while what you say is very true , it makes me extremely sad that we have to wait at least a year for hots . 
  why would you go a robo build against mutas ? 
  it 's not like anyone will roaches and then transition into mutas on 2 bases . 
  no one goes robo against mutas as long as they scout properly . 
  and i thought i was low league lol . 
  no , i did n't watch mana 's stream but i watched hero 's . 
  you have no clue about builds do you ? 
  who fucking waits for an obs when they go 3gate expand ? 
  it 's like standard to get hallucination unless you 're gold/silver which realistically speaking , that 's what you are pretty much which is fine . 
  just do n't say ` lol . 
  lowleague alert . ', 
  when a person asks a reasonable question . 
  if you really knew anything , your attitude would be different . 
  but meh ... standard r/sc . 
  i tried once . 
  it ... did n't go well . 
  wait what ? 
  they have that ? 
  i had no idea . 
  that 's really cool . 
  as a clothed child , i approve this . 
  what . 
  the . 
  that sucks man ... 
  is that why he 's in ro8 right now ? 
  every player has a certain style . 
  his is to end the game off of 2 base plays , mostly all ins and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  he 's not really playing to entertain , he 's playing to win and he 's damn good at that . 
  also , if he was n't skilled , how the hell is he in ro8 anyway , let alone being in code s ? 
  i do n't think there 's any other protoss player out there nearly as good as him that uses forcefields perfectly . 
  also , his stargate play in pvz pretty much dominated zergs back in the day . 
  well , here 's the thing . 
  if his playstyle is * that * predictable , why ca n't anyone stop him ? 
  because his mechanics are more refined than his opponents . 
  is he stable ? 
  he has 2 gsl championships , mlg championship , homestory cup plus countless others . 
  how is that * not * stable ? 
  i mentioned his stargate play because he was the player to really refine that build on certain maps and so many protoss players followed that build . 
  a good player in my opinion , is defined by not only how well he executes a certain build but also influences other players . 
  as to whether his play is impressive or not , that 's a matter of opinion . 
  he never fails to impress me because he just has brutal instincts in terms of how good he gets a read on his opponent . 
  he relies on a style that if he sees a small thing , that 'll give him a clue , a clue us lower level players will never even think of , and he will pressure and often times win . 
  where did you get this ? 
  or did you build it yourself ? 
  been looking for something like this for my ipad too . 
  if you built it yourself , can you post the instructions ? 
  yes . 
  yes you are . 
  female . 
  friend . 
  how are you ? 
  4chan is leaking !, 
  run !, 
  these are demigods . 
  nestea is the only god we accept . 
  all of these players bow before nestea and sacrifice their children before each match . 
  it is said that when the earth was merely a gas cloud , nestea created the human race and blessed them . 
  this happened to me btw . 
  this dude expanded everywhere on antiga shipyard 12 minutes into the game ( when i say everywhere , my natural included ) and turned all of them into pfs . 
  i 'm diamond and could n't do shit . 
  turns out it was dragon trolling me and streaming that shit . 
  you guys must be too young for red alert 2 then, 
  i go 2 gate robo which is a bit safer . 
  i send my first stalkers to pressure while expanding . 
  works everytime . 
  this ... 
  this makes perfect sense . 
  yes ? 
  does he even real-eyes what 's going on ? 
  ( i 'm not good at this ), 
  witty reply,
