  your source is cnn ? 
  some time later , crazy !, 
  [ this is an old african proverb . 
  ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/189589-in-africa-we-having-a-saying-if-you-want-to ) nice try though . 
   foreign men think american women are the hottest . 
  false . 
  how is this a joke ? 
  jokes are supposed to be funny . 
  this one is n't even clever . 
  no it 's not . 
  english is my first language , it 's obviously not yours - and i 'm telling you , this joke is shit . 
  false . 
  two of my exes washed every damn part of their body with utmost care . 
  the rest i did n't have a chance to look but i 'm pretty sure most women do n't shower like this . 
  alright , maybe not * that * sure . 
  nothing is impossible, 
  beautiful . 
  t. . . turban ... 
  warfare !, 
  on 10 speed bikes !, 
  * drops mic *, 
  nice, 
  he started a huge worldwide organization , then bond thwarted all his plans . 
  it was a coincidence . 
  so he went after bond , both because he was ruining his plans and , well , because they had history . 
  but what will happen to messi ? 
  the internet . 
  your username is 3edgy5me, 
  well , it was sort of a joke question . 
  messi will not leave barcelona until he 's like 34 at least . 
  also , bayern did pay huge sums for robben , ribery , costa and vidal , also god knows how much for lewandowski . 
  are you dense ? 
  they 're prog metal bands , not metalcore bands with prog influences . 
  have you listened to coma ecliptic at all ? 
  coma ecliptic is very traditional rock opera . 
  ( aka prog rock i.e. 
  queen , king crimson , queensryche etc. ), 
  there is nothing metalcore about it . 
  also - colors , the great misdirect , parallax i and parallax ii are ** not ** metalcore albums . 
  they are prog metal albums with metalcore elements . 
  hate to burst your bubble , but yes , [ prog metal is indeed a subgenre of heavy metal . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/progressive_metal ) do n't see how that 's relevant though since btbam is n't metalcore in any way anyhow . 
  ok , so let me get this straight ;, 
   the unwashed masses writing something on a wiki page does n't change the fact that prog is not even vaguely a descriptor of a style . 
  but somehow * you * saying prog is n't a genre changes the fact ? 
  there goes your argument . 
  [ https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/ad-hominem] ( https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/ad-hominem ), 
  hey , at least you * tried * to come up with an argument . 
  good job . 
  this truly sounds like a lie . 
  roland 's got the horn this time after all . 
  i 'm not defending the guy by any means but, 
   the cat was in there for all of 10 seconds . 
  it was probably let out immediately following this gif . 
  i somehow do n't believe that . 
  you are an embarrassment for all of us fenerbahce fans out here . 
  please refrain from making such ignorant comments in the future . 
  actually , just delete your account , you dumbfuck . 
  comment level = le, 
  it blows my mind how anybody can be as dumb as you . 
  and i 'm not even trying to insult you ... it 's just really mind-boggling . 
  bookmarking is a thing . 
  he 's the only wonderkind that became 4,5 stars in my game . 
  this has to be the most american thing i 've ever seen in my life . 
  how can it be so precise and perfectly geometrical ? 
  that 's cute . 
  it was n't erdogan who said that . 
  it had nothing to do with porn . 
   all, 
  you 're way too rationalistic , you do n't belong here friend !, 
   it 's because erdogan is muslim brotherhood member , not only him but turkey now is muslim brotherhood country, 
  what the fuck ? 
  how are they even remotely similar to tool ? 
  i 'm not saying supporting bands have to be similar with the main act , but i think it 's fair to say that a prog death metal band is n't exactly what tool would want . 
  you . 
  better physios . 
  you do realize this is fc barcelona we 're talking about , one of the biggest clubs of all time and arguably currently * the * biggest club in the world right now ? 
  then you must know * they * will have the best , not some small time club in the us . 
  these are teams with experience and more knowledge than any team in the us ( we 're talking strictly football btw . 
  any other sport and i have no idea ) . 
  so which program is used to play those files ? 
  wrong . 
  mohammed is in fact an arabic name . 
  op , you better grow the fuck up real quick cause you sound like you 're a real insufferable idiot and a loser . 
  i have n't wrestled anyone , let alone a fucking * bear * . 
  i do n't know what either of you are on about . 
  lions are fucking badass . 
  being a social animal does n't mean they are inferior animals , although i agree with the sentiment that tigers are the king of felines . 
  but still ... lions are badass . 
  oh yeah i 'm with you there . 
  him or claudio bravo imo, 
  nice, 
  school of cock ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  this is incredible, 
  * neither did, 
  thank you for your incredibly thought out contribution . 
  i see you 've made your point very clear by elaborating on your argument , with well-thought out counter points and explanations on why he was wrong . 
  that 's cute . 
  shhh ... do n't disrupt the anti-turkey circlejerk bro, 
  you think if a russian plane violated us airspace , it would n't have been shot down ?
