  he felt that when he as off tour he had nothing to do . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.metalinjection.net/interviews/agalloch-is-the-closest-thing-i-have-to-religion-an-interview-with-don-anderson ), 
  john founded pillorian with some guys i do n't know who ( their debut is set to be released on march '17 - obsidian arc ), 
  don and the rest of the ex-agalloch members and that guy from giant squid founded kh\u00f4rada and apparently their debut is set to be released sometime in 2017 . 
  could n't disagree more . 
  it 's the only album they went full analog on the production so if anything , it sounds anything but sterile . 
  it 's the album they sound most organic and alive . 
  listen to into the painted grey if you want an example of this . 
  that and black lake nidstang is agalloch 's magnum opus imho . 
  but meh , different strokes ... 
  this is n't a john le carre novel , nor is it call of duty , not everything is a sign that war will come . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  cold war had much worse tensions between countries but nothing happened . 
  armchair politicians never cease to amaze me . 
  they have a vevo channel now . 
  pretty sure their new album will be available to stream . 
  i feel like the flamenco part at the end of `` the stage '' this year is a throwback to the flamenco part at the end of this song . 
  fun fact ; the first solo in that part ( sidewinder ) is played by syn 's father . 
  this is like the definition of post-metal . 
  it 's not . 
  you 're a douche . 
  also blinded in chains , which is my favorite, 
  city of evil is not a concept album . 
  avenged sevenfold have only done 1 concept album and that 's * the stage * . 
  blinded in chains is political song . 
  bat country is about * fear and loathing in las vegas * . 
  seize the day is clearly a very personal song written to his wife . 
  strength of the world is about a girl whose family is murdered and goes out to avenge them ( pretty obvious from the lyrics tbh ) . 
  betrayed is about dimebag darrell and m.i.a. 
  is written to his friends in the army . 
  none of these songs have a common theme . 
  it 's just a straight up heavy metal album . 
  oh yeah definitely . 
  you could even argue the whole album is a prog album, 
  yeah but good movies make you feel, 
   the heroism of humanity as a whole , and what we can accomplish when we work together, 
  by utilizing a protagonist . 
  you need to have someone to relate to , some sort of emotional resonance . 
  if you can * make them feel * that through a character , it 's that much better imho . 
  edit : poor choice of words . 
   you literally say that good movies make you feel, 
  that 's totally not what i 'm saying . 
  if you read carefully , that 's not the end of that sentence . 
  really ? 
  how are you still not understanding this ? 
  amazing , really . 
  what i mean is , good-written movies make you feel a certain emotion by utilizing a character . 
  a movie is a movie , but if does that too , then it 's that much better . 
  before the whole `` mcconaissance '' happened , he did a lot of shitty romantic comedies so i 'm gon na disagree . 
  is your only source for that * midnight express * or are you willing to back that up ? 
  * whoooosh *, 
  yup , i did n't think so . 
  that 's actually pretty close to what happens in fight club 2 . 
  lol no, 
   turkey who is in conflict with russia, 
  no , we 're not . 
  shit went down but the relationship is fine . 
  if you 're stupid enough to make political decisions based on your personal emotions , then it says a lot about the naivety you have regarding politics . 
   most accurate movie depiction of aliens i 've seen . 
   first contact with humans , why would the aliens use the term ` weapon ' ? 
  that 's a trigger word for a species so primitive . 
  they do n't . 
  it 's the same letter with `` tool '' so there is a misunderstanding . 
  lol k, 
  blows my mind how people can miss these things , like wtf were you doing to have missed that ? 
  if you ca n't properly watch a movie , you deserve to be judged, 
  we 're not talking about judging movies , we 're talking about judging people who ca n't watch a movie . 
  learn to read better and maybe i 'll actually feel insulted . 
   him having sex with your sister seems kinda cold . 
  not if i can warm it up by joining in ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  lol there is nothing at all similar between those two songs . 
  maybe the 0000-0000-0000 part but that 's about it . 
  nothing that warrants calling it `` ripping off '', 
  mfw bvb is rated lower than city and manu, 
  if this movie turns out to be `` meh '' , it 'll tarnish a huge legacy . 
  i * really * do not want to be disappointed . 
  no concept album this time . 
  they 're getting older which usually means they want simpler songs to play live ( for metal bands anyway ) . 
  kinda like what mastodon did with hunter . 
  so i 'm expecting more riff/groove-based short songs . 
  i would love to have another epic concept album of course . 
  just saying this is what i think will happen . 
  pleasure is an emotion experienced by doing a certain activity . 
  happiness is a state of mind . 
  it was n't true detective that turned him into a badass actor though . 
  i think it 's fair to say it was after the lincoln lawyer people started going `` huh ... this guy might have the chops after all '', 
  i agree . 
  i think * killer joe * showed the potential he has playing the villain which probably helped when they cast him as the man in black in * the dark tower * . 
  well done you condescending motherfucker . 
  how is that comment incomprehensible for you ? 
  [ i 'm okay with the events that are unfolding currently ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/962/640/658.png ), 
   oblivion was the best music video of all time . 
  you misspelled tron : legacy . 
  not * quite * my tempo . 
  now take it from the top cause you messed up my comment thread . 
  masterpiece in terms of cinematography and creating suspense . 
  also should be taught in classes because of the way it does exposition and storytelling , not to mention grade-a + acting . 
  how the fuck is this bigoted euro-trash bullshit upvoted ? 
  not really . 
  which game from the past do you remember where the referee had horrible decisions off the top of your head ?
