  thank you for that . 
  what did you think of it as far as songwriting i.e. 
  structure , progression-wise ? 
  oh man that 'd be awesome !, 
  pming you right now, 
  thanks !, 
  yeah the vocals do suck ... 
  thank you so much man . 
  working on vocals, 
  thanks and yeah sorry about that . 
  i saw it like minutes after posting , my bad . 
  oh man nothing to be sorry about . 
  i appreciate you taking the time to listen so analytically and criticizing constructively . 
  you have no idea how much it means to me and how big of a help these detailed comments are . 
  so thank you so much for that . 
  i do n't think i quite understand what you meant with the [ pre-vocals ] part . 
  are you referring to the section ( s ) between the keyboards and vocals in the beginning ? 
  if so , what kind of changes do you think i could make there ? 
  i think i was going for a really epic-sounding opening where ( i imagined ) the audience kinda goes `` woah ok this is loud and chaotic but it 's grabbed my attention alright '' . 
  so i think that 's sort of my attention-grabber there . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i think that harsh/clean duet could 've been way better . 
  again , it 's both the cheap production and poor mixing . 
  i imagine i could 've made it sound a little better with better equipment . 
  not to blame it on equipment or anything - i am also very inexperienced with vocals but i think working with a cheap mic + no vocal booth made it sound way worse than what i initially had in mind . 
  thank you for the kind words on guitar work and drums . 
  about those harmonizing guitar sections - i think i wanted it to have that old-school , almost iron maiden-esque dual guitar vibe and that 's why i kept it simple . 
  but i agree , it could use a little more spice . 
  i 'll definitely work on that . 
  again , thanks for the kind words  you know , it 's very interesting you say that because that mid-section is probably my favorite part in the song ( along with the outro ) . 
  i like the ( almost ) mathy vibe of it . 
  but it 's interesting you thought it was out of place . 
  i think i 'd like to keep it but i 'll definitely look into making that transition better . 
  if it still does n't work , i 'll just get rid of it . 
  i have considered doing harsh vocals only but the harsh vocals in this song is actually me and a friend put together . 
  that 's why they sound better than cleans i think . 
  cleans are all me . 
  but i totally agree , my singing needs a ton of work . 
  and yeah , that clean/harsh relationship is n't something every band can pull off but i think i 'd like to take my chances  i 've always been a fan of that kind of music with harsh + clean vocals ( like btbam or early mastodon ) but i 'm actually thinking i could even go less harsh vocals . 
  like maybe % 80 cleans ? 
  because i suck at harsh vocals and i would love to work with a talented screamer but until i find that person , i might just try doing % 80 cleans , ya know ? 
  and no , you were n't aggressive at all . 
  you have no idea how much help your comment is to my music . 
  you took the time to listen to it twice and analyzed it so well it 's making me rethink a lot of things . 
  i appreciate it , really . 
  thank you so much . 
  needs more \\ m /, 
  what do you think this is , afghan hold em ? 
  i would say of all places on the planet , los angeles is one of the least racist , along with san francisco . 
  you mean the kindred ? 
  i would also add paul gilbert to that list . 
  this guy 's a monster . 
  this song is pretty sick too , that outro is pure magic . 
  uh , yes he is ? 
  and he 's been one for quite some time . 
  same . 
  there 's just something better than colors in this album but i 've never been able to pinpoint what it is . 
  it 's just ... more ... mature ? 
  i completely agree . 
  colors was my first love , but tgm is my true love . 
  holy fuck, 
  not to sound pretentious but i strongly believe that prog metal ( or * prog * music ) is not only the most intelligent metal genre , but one of the most intelligent genres in * music * . 
  i 'm proud of being a prog-head . 
  edit : this circlejerk is n't going as planned, 
  * in this moment , i am euphoric ... *, 
   but it 's absolutely better planned , more precisely executed , and more polished . 
  that 's like the definition of intelligence . 
  i suppose prog is more * refined * and since i believe sophistication is a sign of intelligence , i choose to see prog above all else ( except maybe jazz and classical ? ) . 
  that being said , i 'm sure as i grow older and my tastes mature as i do , my opinion on this matter might change . 
   whoa , was totally following you until you said jazz is refined . 
  that 's not at all what i said . 
  same . 
  wintersun is overrated imho . 
  ^ do n'tkillme, 
  do you play tagpro ? 
  that metaphor works in so many ways . 
  after voicing my opinions and getting downvoted so many times , i 've become skeptical of / r/metal i guess . 
  what ? 
  because not everyone watches how i met your mother . 
  i heard ` bundy ' years ago playing burnout ... vocal melodies are especially nice but other than that they 're a pretty average rock band imho . 
  la resident here . 
  op give these guys my phone number, 
  because cats are not as needy . 
  do you wan na be even happier ? 
  have some freedom . 
  it 's also not a good sign being an arrogant teenager with no sense of humor, 
  check your sources . 
  * hear hear . 
  opeth and tesseract are soooo different but it would be interesting, 
  god no, 
  * salutes with beer *, 
  i too am interested, 
  thanks for making me laugh . 
  tune down the racism a little there , keyboard knight . 
  that statement makes you no different than our piece of shit pm . 
  as a turk , i 'm ashamed of my nation 's taste . 
  efes pilsen is pure shit . 
  thank you !, 
  yeah no band all me !, 
  reflection is their magnum opus imho , along with lateralus and rosetta stoned .
