  the girl with the dragon tattoo ( american one ) had a great trailer . 
  those 1-second cuts with ` immigrant song ' playing were amazing . 
  i imagine you would have to have * some * experience with ladies so they know you 're really straight . 
  penis . 
  not sure if sarcastic, 
  retards post on reddit ? 
  everyone got the joke , it just is n't funny . 
  serious question ... are you high ? 
  came here for this , was n't dissapointed . 
  thank you for explaining this . 
  this is really interesting . 
  what the fuck are babbering about, 
  despite all the downvotes , i greatly enjoyed your capitalized bad mannered contributions to this thread . 
  [ grow a beard , bro . 
  i think you just described every redditor . 
  yes . 
  replying to check the video later ... for ... science ... 
  oh god ... 
  i 'm crying this is awesome, 
  moar hero and mc, 
  if i want to use pedals ( more specifically , distortion and overdrive pedals ) , do i need to buy a clean amp ? 
  or can i still go with a combo ? 
  sorry for the ambiguity , i meant just the cabinet , with no head whatsoever . 
  because the head has its own gain which i should n't want since i 'm getting pedals for that , right ? 
  this is amazing . 
  thank you . 
  do you think you could provide me with more details on amps , more specifically on metal amps ? 
  he edited it as you 've noticed, 
  he edited it you dumbfuck, 
  he did n't say op * should * . 
  he said he 's just interested . 
  i think what they stated was that river 's edge will be their * last * show in 2012 . 
  i saw them in vegas in january so this makes sense . 
  they have the second biggest army in nato after all, 
  you forgot to mention tool . 
  [ you play games on a. . . 
  trackpad ? 
  ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/173/576/wat8.jpg?1315930535 ), 
  oh god why did i listen to you, 
  dude ... totally serious ... i love your writing ability ... i 'm thinking you should maybe write a fictional short story like this, 
  sick, 
  what ... the ... fuck ... 
  you embarass me, 
  i actually found this funny, 
  go fuck yourself . 
  how 's this ? 
  he just complimented them . 
  you realize oldboy is korean while the ones you listed are japanese , right ? 
  different cultures , different movies . 
   it really has nothing to do with which country made which . 
  i guess that matters to you - ? 
  i have no idea why . 
  : / nationalism ? 
  that 's cute . 
  i was simply trying to say that your comparison made no sense at all because they 're not comparable movies since they come from different cultures . 
  yes . 
  yes they can . 
  yes . 
  that 's ... genius . 
   similar dark tone, 
  no one seems to like the guy but i found the video hilarious . 
  guy has a weird sense of humor . 
  that 's because they do 300 dmg, 
  i love the long pause . 
   3 gate expand is pretty all-in . 
  hoooooly photoshop, 
  replying to check later ... for ... science, 
  so why did n't she give you a call ? 
  details, 
  last time i checked , liking someone is n't negative . 
  his musical knowledge fascinates me . 
  what a guy . 
  good for them . 
  they 're doing something every country should do . 
  thank you . 
  i love you . 
  ... nah , i 'm just kidding . 
  i want to fuck your brains out . 
  objection !, 
   there is still a lot of aoe, 
  what, 
  this is n't reddit . 
  this is r/sc , where things that make no sense happen all the time . 
  splash damage is n't aoe, 
  cloud atlas is going to be one hell of a movie . 
  finally . 
  such bullshit this whole thing was . 
  japan ... 
  producing world 's weirdest shit since 660 bc . 
  is that ... is that a guitar ? 
  you 're so dumb it 's cute . 
  just like saying, 
   it does n't count when muslims kill muslims . 
  i see your point but the reality of this situation is much more than just ` muslims killing muslims ' . 
  it is an honor to see haiku_robot in r/sc, 
  i love you . 
  it is now . 
  shut the fuck up, 
  no need to be sorry . 
  lost car keys .
