  so \u00b7 ci \u00b7 o \u00b7 path [ soh-see-uh-path ], 
  noun psychiatry, 
  a person with a psychopathic personality whose behavior is antisocial , often criminal , and who lacks a sense of moral responsibility or social conscience . 
  tell me , how is this even close to, 
   i 'm a high functioning sociopath ( meaning i 'm smart as fuck in logical ways but retarded in most other ways ), 
  this ? 
  do n't let tv shows teach you stuff . 
  you look ignorant . 
  god i really hope batman gets laid in this one . 
  not the sex he wants but the sex he needs ... 
  yes but you never , ever allow a protoss to get to 3 bases unchecked . 
  i 'm sorry for being ignorant but i have no idea how to play this game and i 'm dying to try it . 
  do you mind explaining it to me as if i was a 13 year old kid ? 
  good try telling a native english speaker that he does n't know the meaning of an english word but somehow you do . 
  shutter island, 
  penis . 
  not everyone is watching it , dumbass . 
  the inevitable happened . 
  bosstoss won . 
  twitch usually works with no problems but too many people watching the finals caused some lag i guess . . 
  i 'm refreshing this page but nothing 's happening, 
  finally someone said it . 
  because i have n't seen it anywhere brah, 
  i 'm learning more about starcraft strategies than i do on r/sc . 
  sigh ... 
  well this took a sudden turn ... 
  aaron paul did n't even talk, 
  turks are turks , you uninformed idiot . 
  then tech the fuck up . 
  i think snare is 3/4, 
  more like hilarity . 
  penis . 
  i 'm a prince and you 're my slave . 
  go sleep in the barn with the servants , dipshit . 
  well this got sorted out rather nicely i 'll say . 
  carry on then , old boys . 
  itt everyone on reddit is a fucking hero, 
  i 've been seeing this ` jimmies rustled ' thing everywhere for the past 3 days and i 'm really curious about what it is but i 'm too scared to even google it, 
  edit : gee , okay next time i wo n't ask ... 
  edit2 : welp , when i edited i had -1 karma ... 
  edit3 : well shit . 
  i thought it was a weird sexual thing , turns out it 's even worse, 
  ` sauce ', 
  well this thread took a sudden turn . 
  it 's nice to see a fellow c&c onquerer here . 
  you 're so dumb it 's cute . 
  now kiss, 
  naked tlo and hero in the same documentary ? 
  * throws wallet at screen *, 
  unfortunately , it does n't look like that 'll be the case . 
  clearly he 's doing this cause he 's still butthurt from idra 's comment and wants to get back at him ( notice how he directs everythings he says at idra example ` right idra ? ', 
  at the end of his tweet ? 
  the fuck does it matter ? 
  exactly . 
  it says that there is no ` official state religion ' in the turkish constitution but at least 90 percent of the population are muslims . 
  you 're right . 
  accept my apologies in heart form \u2665, 
  right . 
  because anyone who lives in sweden , england , germany or hell , us for that matter are christians because they belong to a church ? 
  in fact , a significant portion would say that they do n't belong to any religion . 
  same case with turkey . 
  he would get promoted to gm ** instantly ** . 
  can not ... unsee ... 
  nothing . 
  it 's only a season lock . 
  i know . 
  i 'm saying there 's not going to be any patch or maps . 
  it 's a new season , that 's all . 
  oh god i should be studying what am i doing here, 
  how do you know that, 
  research purposes, 
  touche, 
  was it hers ? 
  i have no idea why you got downvoted . 
  this was hilarious even if it was irrelevant . 
  what the fuck did i just watch, 
  yes . 
  that 's because there were no forcefields in bw, 
  i thought medivacs and vikings also cost gas ? 
  had to scroll down til the end to see if anyone else thought the same thing ... 
  penis, 
  dat signature . 
  you described pretty much every metal song . 
  one of my all time favorites . 
  is it wrong that i 'm upboating every post in this thread that has tool in it ? 
  he was building one . 
  for the sake of this community , no , please do n't buy it . 
  am i the only who actually finds this very , very sad ? 
  what was the joke ? 
  i lol 'd . 
  did you wait 3 days ? 
  it takes them three days to process it . 
  out of all in this thread , this probably depresses me the most ... 
  marines with 20 range, 
  i know . 
  you missed the reference though . 
  the whole song corresponds to the fibonacci sequence , both lyrics and the rhytm, 
  i am very interested . 
  i can bring my own uniform . 
  and by uniform i mean no clothes .
