  that was sean connery ( very similar names ), 
  i would actually prefer this to being burned or buried alive . 
  it 's painless and depending on how you look at it , you might even enjoy it . 
  not only that , but having to watch all your loved ones die one by one would drive you crazy . 
  you would become a desentisized person . 
  wise ? 
  sure . 
  but what good is wisdom if you 're not human anymore ? 
  do n't quote me on this , but i have a feeling that being tortured for a long period of time sounds worse than being tortured for a short period of time . 
  holy fucking shit this is disturbing, 
  [ http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/10n9v7/hi_reddit_between_the_buried_and_me_here_to/] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/10n9v7/hi_reddit_between_the_buried_and_me_here_to/ ), 
  actually it 's either master of puppets , ... and justice for all or ride the lightning . 
  anything before black album , really . 
  the only person with a degree in the band is their bass player , dan briggs , who holds a jazz degree if i 'm not mistaken . 
  dae tool and pink floyd ? 
  yeah , how the hell did he beat them ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i love adam 's style but i do n't think he 's better than neither of these guys . 
  especially slash . 
  any prs custom 24 , hell , any prs automatically gets an upvote from me . 
  they make beautiful fucking guitars . 
  i 'm in love with my gray black se custom 24 ( will get the real deal once i can afford it ! ), 
  this may sound stupid but op mentioned the cables were used to carry telegraphy signals at first , then gradually got upgraded to transferring digital data ( internet ) . 
  could you explain how they upgrade the cables ? 
  do they remove the shielding or do they not upgrade at all , and use the same cables ? 
  if so , how can a cable that was laid in the 1850 's can be used for technologies like internet or telephone ? 
  golfs are awesome . 
  volkswagen golf . 
  i fucking love my car . 
  not disagreeing with your point but the whole `` it 's the biggest entertainment industry '' argument makes no sense against that stereotype . 
  the fact that an industry makes more money than the movie industry does not disprove the stereotype . 
  you could argue that video games can indeed be very social and be played with friends , as many as 64 in some instances . 
  just ... no . 
  i think he 's a good director but an epic like dark tower directed by * him * ? 
  please no . 
  white whale, 
  holy grail, 
  peter jackson , jj abrams , christopher nolan , sam mendes maybe ( skyfall was amazing and very promising ) ? 
  i know reddit does n't really like jj abrams and his star trek interpretation but i loved it and i think it shows great potential ( for dark tower ) . 
  he might still be attached to the project , i ca n't remember . 
  dark tower is a very different story , a much darker and complicated one than star trek or inception or the hobbit ( or any movie these guys have done so far ) so they would have to approach it differently . 
  there are very deep themes in dark tower so in order to tackle it , the director should put aside the traditional hollywood approach , in my opinion . 
  not that i 'm an expert , i just want them to do justice by an epic like dark tower . 
  this is awesome . 
  i like how america is n't white but a mixture of every race instead . 
  nice touch . 
  dae armenian genocide every fucking time armenia or turkey is mentioned ? 
  edit : lawl , downvote me bros. shower me with le downvotes armenian brosephs, 
  welcome to the custom 24 club !, 
  surely you mean inception, 
  waze is the reason i stopped using google maps . 
  seriously , amazing app to use in la. 
  [ this was the setlist on aug 11 . 
  a film professor at my school mentioned him last year . 
  i was doing a reinterpretation of a scene from big lebowski and he said that he had met the real ` dude ' , the one they based the movie on . 
  he said he lived somewhere between venice and santa monica . 
  i 'm willing to bet this is % 100 legit . 
  same , had the most obvious receding hairline by the time i was 18 . 
  said ` fuck it ' and got a $ 30 hair clipper . 
  have n't looked back since . 
  advice to people with receding hairlines from a 22 year old , almost bald person : buzzcut looks awesome and natural . 
  that or magnolia . 
  play throbbing gristle - slugbait and watch them shit themselves . 
  i 'm more of a lateralus man myself . 
   epic, 
  yyeeaahhh ... no . 
  between the buried and me , tesseract , mastodon , lamb of god , steven wilson , porcupine tree , deftones , in flames , opeth , trivium . 
  nowadays it 's mostly tesseract . 
  they 're unreal . 
  this list is awesome . 
  one unreal band it 's missing though ; tesseract . 
  actually , it 's [ sympathy for lady vengeance ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sympathy_for_lady_vengeance ) , not lady vengeance . 
  there is one . 
  it 's called prison . 
  no hotel in california would sue you for a bad review on the internet . 
  if you want to invest in something that will last and ( in my opinion ) has a much better tone than esp and jackson and if you want to get the best bang for your buck , you should check out the prs se series . 
  i 'm guessing you 're into metal ( judging by the models you want to buy ) so prs would be an awesome choice . 
  they got se models with emg actives if that 's what you 're into . 
  i play metal myself so i bought myself an se custom 24 which came with stock pickups ( still really nice but not really for metal ) so thinking of replacing them with seymour duncans in the future . 
  not being a fanboy because i got a prs myself , to be honest . 
  i was trying to decide between esp ltd-ec1000 and the hellraiser myself couple of months ago . 
  i went to guitar center and tried some prss and holy shit . 
  was blown away ( and some very quality metal bands play prs too ) . 
  i 'd say give it a shot . 
  again , not really trying to change your mind , just offering an alternative . 
  good luck !, 
  i 'm gon na go with greece . 
  shut the fuck up , you arrogant prick . 
  i brought it to a conclusion . 
  welcome to the family !, 
  * god he never shuts up about those shows *, 
  you really got some time in your hands ... 
  kind of the opposite of what this thread is asking but i ran into aaron paul in santa monica about two months ago he was super fucking nice . 
  even us angelenos do n't go downtown . 
  ramenya on sawtelle and olympic has really good ramen . 
  source ? 
  i think he knows . 
   i ai n't afraid of your silly downvotes, 
  watch out guys, 
  we 're making progress . 
  those credits do n't mean that they will be back .
