  they were protesting pkk attacks on turkish soldiers . 
  [ lol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ferguson_unrest ), 
  is this a sarcastic list ? 
   mastodon - my commotion, 
  feistodon - a commotion, 
  came to this thread to say the exact opposite . 
  metal hammer used to be good but nowadays they 're absolute shit . 
  they 're like the paparazzi magazine of the metal scene around the globe , which is ok if that 's your thing but do n't expect it to be a magazine focused purely on music itself . 
  even their actual reviews are lazily written . 
  it 's funny they have only like 5 or 6 pages dedicated to purely music out of an almost 200 page magazine that 's supposed to be about music . 
  my two cents . 
  pasting from my previous comment ;, 
   metal hammer used to be good but nowadays they 're absolute shit . 
  they 're like the paparazzi magazine of the metal scene around the globe , which is ok if that 's your thing but do n't expect it to be a magazine focused purely on music itself . 
  even their actual reviews are lazily written . 
  it 's funny they have only like 5 or 6 pages dedicated to purely music out of an almost 200 page magazine that 's supposed to be about music . 
  my two cents . 
  what 's that a reference to, 
  wow . 
  this is pretty interesting . 
  thanks . 
  try having 4 stalkers out by the time terran 's first 10 marines arrive at your base . 
  it 's not impossible , but 9 out 10 times you wo n't be expecting it . 
  of course you could scout , but it 's still near impossible to defend against without po . 
  protoss needs po , no matter what terrans and zerg say . 
  truthful, 
  a7x is not even remotely nu-metal . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ like ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ lyrics, 
  * runs *, 
  fallujah is anything but metalcore . 
   mentally, 
  two strikes now . 
  how about you explain it instead , since you seem a little too eager to jump to conclusions without any reason whatsoever ? 
  yeah , i did n't think so . 
  lol, 
  lol . 
  they 're both caniformia ... 
   the biggest win for us, 
  ftfy, 
  boy , are you in for a treat ... 
   constantinople, 
  it 's called istanbul and yes , it is a turk city and has been for 562 years now in case you were n't around . 
  and no , i 'm not pro-tayyip or anything but what you said is hardly relevant and even if it was , i do n't see the point you 're trying to make . 
  i doubt their intentions are that sophisticated . 
  these guys are fucking barbarians with no regard to culture or human life . 
  that framerate gave me cancer, 
  it might be the temperature . 
  aww < 3, 
  y. . . yes ? 
  i just thought he was saying it in a low voice because he wanted to do it , but was n't entirely sure . 
  i 'm stupid . 
  damn you totally rekt the guy, 
  holy shit , we have the exact same taste , including eiffel 65 . 
  are you me ? 
  for the uninformed like me , can you explain why he 's an arrogant asshole ? 
  what else has he said recently ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  oh man , the irony ... 
   he almost went broke from being a billionaire getting spacex and tesla up off the ground . 
  that 's quite impressive , in a way . 
  i mean ... that 's quite impressive in * every * way tbh . 
  well , i mean ... by soccer standards , he * is * an old man ... 
  oh yeah let 's believe a gimmicky gesture , reported by a totally-not-biased newspaper . 
  you are pathetic, 
   regardless of your opinion on erdogan , he is probably the most humane world leader there is . 
  hahahahahahhhahahahaha holy shit, 
  i do n't believe you . 
   reasonable, 
  man this post must really hurt for you now , op . 
   god damn this football, 
  dat literal translation tho, 
  it 's more like ` god damn it ', 
  everything is something happened, 
  sshh do n't jinx it, 
  thanks brah, 
  hey now , we might 've gone to the play-offs but we 'll never be as good as netherlands overall . 
  ours is luck . 
  this has to be one of the funniest things i 've read on this website, 
  or bill cosby at his house, 
  i watched the whole thing for this . gif and they cut that part out ? 
  unfuckingbelievable . 
  how dare you have a different sense of humor, 
  without a doubt , turkey . 
  ( inb4 europeans claiming turkey is not a european country ), 
  makes me feel * sorry * you ca n't spell . 
  nice, 
  there is only one comment that says that . 
  does n't really warrant an `` itt '', 
  you and i have very different definitions of the word `` uplifting '' . 
  i would very much like to have fallout 4 . i am not joking in the slightest . 
  i would like to play this game very much . 
   turkey leads the world in journalists killed . 
  source ? 
   number of troops does n't mean much, 
  it does , whatever the circumstances . 
  i can tell you have n't served in the military . 
  lot of armchair politicians here spouting off ignorant bullshit . 
  ca n't wrap my head around the fact that he 's relatively unknown in the us . 
  i 've been a massive fan since late ' 90 's . 
  lol .
