  can you imagine ? 
  as if turks give a single fuck about the eu . 
  i have semi at work . 
  how do you feel now ? 
  this cracked me up, 
  assuming people think the same way their government does is a pretty bad mistake you would want to avoid . 
  it did n't . 
  that does n't change the fact that we do n't give a fuck about the eu though . 
  life does not stop and start at your convenience , you miserable piece of shit . 
  you 're not wrong , you 're just an asshole . 
  why would n't it ? 
  you guys do n't give a shit about what the people think where you live ? 
  looking at your comment history , you live in the us . 
  it * definitely * matters what people think in the us . 
  so why is that so hard to understand for you ? 
  really ? 
  if they do n't have the power to influence policy or they 're not allowed to , their opinion do n't mean shit ? 
  well , that 's a pretty close-minded way of looking at it . 
  wanting to restrict the power of the people is realistic , i 'll give you that . 
  it 's usually the first step an individual takes towards dictatorship . 
   willing to stop him, 
  oh , they were willing enough . 
  but sheer will is n't sufficient and it 's not the people to blame for that . 
  but i get where you 're coming from . 
  tip : for the truly messed up stuff , sort comments by controversial and enjoy . 
  * munches on popcorn *, 
  he probably does . 
  even if he does n't have a better source than the media , your comment indicates you indeed have a very juvenile and naive understanding of political events . 
  try / r/civpolitics, 
  `` they 're doing embarassing things , must blame non-germans ! '', 
  oh you . 
  not anymore ... 
  hahaha . 
  gg wp ajax, 
  is this a joke ? 
  similar to a certain match that took place yesterday then ... 
  i am sorry for your loss . 
  i do n't even know you but this made me feel very sad . 
  does he pm you his farts ? 
  this cracked me up, 
  nice !, 
  * proceeds to jerk off with tears *, 
  * claps sarcastically *, 
   implying she 's not hot, 
  man this is one of the hardest fails, 
  lol . 
  that 's cute . 
  cry moar, 
  you guys are way more expensive than astana but you could n't beat them either . 
  what 's your point ? 
  oh right . 
  there is n't one . 
  there never is with you guys . 
  haken is ... prog * metal * . 
  i see your point , but that 's not the same house . 
  you 're thinking the house with the pink walls . 
  meh , not really . 
  they can be pretty heavy . 
  the mountain in particular is pretty heavy , so is their latest ep . 
  came all this way to see how far reddit could take this . 
  i forgot that there 's always a combo breaker ... 
  * gasps * holy shit, 
  i come to / r/showerthoughts to laugh . 
  this made me feel very sad . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  good . 
  this one is n't that difficult to understand imho . 
  with xavi gone , barca needed a playmaker for backup . 
  no it was n't . 
  it was peace walker . 
  it was a spin-off sorta , like revengeance . 
  there 's a reason this one is called metal gear solid v. how is that so hard to miss ? 
  so edgy, 
  whether he 'll be able to fulfill that role is irrelevant . 
  i 'm stating the reasoning behind it . 
  no one said it was the best transfer of the year . 
  i 've been to both countries and the toilets are the same . 
  it 's the turds that are different . 
  `` chelsea fans leave the stadium . '', 
  lol, 
  fucking hell what a shitfest, 
  that might be because our national team is a nightmare . 
  a loss in a competition abramovic does n't give a shit about wo n't get him sacked . 
  sunday vs liverpool might do it though . 
  let me get right on that . 
  really ? 
  that 's because both are john le carre books . 
  everything about this album is absolutely phenomenal . 
  my favorite album of 2013 , no doubt . 
   although this year both struggling with goals, 
  have you been watching r. madrid at all this season ? 
  your tone combined with your username gives me the impression that you 're at most a 15 year old , or has the mind of one . 
  in any case , good for you , true fan . 
  an armenian can be muslim . 
  which penalty is that ? 
  that 's cute . 
  then the czar has to be up there too . 
  steel rolls , so hot right now, 
  the government was . 
  we do n't give a single fuck about the eu believe it or not .
