  edit : i live in la , to be specific . 
  couple of weeks ? 
  only for a week now . 
  what 's wrong with saying ` i 've never experienced any sort of trouble with apple maps ' ? 
  that is my observation so far . 
  obviously , one single positive observation does n't mean the app is good but it certainly says something about the accuracy in big cities . 
  source ? 
  this does n't mean anything . 
  how does this explain why erdogan does n't wear ties ? 
  you 're linking a picture of ahmadinejad wearing a suit without a tie . 
  i understand that . 
  what i do n't understand is , what is your source for saying that the reason erdogan does n't wear a tie is the same with ahmadinejad 's ? 
  or maybe , * just maybe * , he does n't wear ties because he does n't like them . 
  analytical reasoning has a tendency to attract speculative bullshit . 
  it 's a terrible post that does n't even know what thriller means . 
  i guessed 5 out of 26 ... 
  yeah no kidding . 
  a good director can turn a shitty script into a decent movie . 
  a notable example would be spartacus or star trek ( 2009 ) . 
  actually both is true . 
  she * is * the actress gearbox employed to play lilith . 
  they chose her because her cosplay is awesome . 
  dude . 
  it 's 7am and i am trying to sleep . 
  at least i * was * ... 
  it 's a thai movie, 
  it means it is n't a hollywood script . 
  is n't that the problem though ? 
  the fact that he really * is * clueless about europe , in particular istanbul , even though he 's a frenchman . 
  was gon na say the same thing , got scared of the frenchmen here . 
  wow , this is muse ? 
  what a disappointment . 
  chocolate . 
  ice cream . 
  candy . 
  wait what ? 
  what was wrong with eyes wide shut ? 
  are we hating it now ? 
  have i missed a meeting ? 
  no hot action cop ? 
  forrest gump is n't a classic ? 
  what the fuck are you drinking ? 
  if this is the way you watch movies , i feel sorry for you . 
  it 's fiction , for fuck 's sake . 
  go on ... 
  [ youtube partner . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/yt/creators/partner.html ), 
  i like you . 
  how is he an action director ? 
  every movie he 's ever done is a sci-fi thriller except memento ( which is a psychological thriller ) and prestige ( which is also a thriller , just not sci-fi ) . 
  but batmans and inception ... 
  they 're all sci-fi thrillers . 
  i can see what you mean ... batman movies and inception both have lots of action in them but when i think action , i think movies like die hard , bourne , james bond or mission impossible , where plot is n't as important as the scenes which is definitely not the case in nolan movies , especially inception . 
  yes but those scenes are vital to the plot , are n't they ? 
  like the one where the girl bends the whole city ... 
  is n't that to introduce the audience to the rules of the world ? 
  nice argument , bro . 
  finally . 
  thank you . 
  ninja edit : you son of a bitch ... 
  uhh ... back in their ` heavier ' days , nick augusto was n't their drummer . 
  where the fuck do you live ? 
   it 's ** another ** reason microsoft said `` fuck it '' and started making their own tablets . 
  ftfy, 
  this is hilarious . 
  i also shot these people on video from the exact spot . 
  i might have been standing next to you . 
  that is th ree . 
  i too , would like to know the sauce , please . 
  what are * you * doing here ? 
  carry on . 
  that 's ... that 's some sherlock shit right there . 
  you 're so terribly misinformed . 
  north korea has one of the strongest militaries in the world . 
  i do n't like them either but there are * facts * . 
  the only thing that 's got color in this one is the ` nope ' button ... 
  well , i would n't say he made his * career * with that method but it certainly helped him build it . 
  same actors play multiple characters in the movie , sometimes of opposite genders . 
  hey everyone !, 
  here 's the usual suspects reference we 've been waiting for !, 
  that 's ... that 's sarcastic , right ? 
  yes . 
  no sharing is ` by accident ' ... 
  except that pornhub video i had the misfortune of sharing couple days ago ... that did n't end well . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  i seriously do n't know why people make diablo 3 seem like a terrible game . 
  i mean , yeah , by blizzard standards it might not be amazing but people would drool over it had another company made it . 
  it 's fun , yes , repetitive but fun . 
  wednesdam sounds like a place in england . 
  nsfw obviously, 
  no , it does n't . 
  i like you . 
  i do n't know why but i like you . 
  well not everyone on reddit lives in the uk , do they ? 
  what 's with the cabbages today, 
  for anyone wondering , this is fever for the flava by hot action cop . 
  if i recall correctly , they also had ` goin ' down on it ' in this game . 
  both of them amazing songs . 
  in fact , that whole album is amazing . 
  if you 're into quality rap rock , it 's worth checking out .
