  jack in the box, 
  damn i need to get myself a middle eastern woman . 
  nay, 
  wait what ? 
  why ? 
  can confirm , am student . 
  how are you still alive ? 
  really ? 
  because la is fucking freezing today . 
  it 's 66 f , can you believe it ? 
  * wears shoes instead of flip flops *, 
  rekt, 
  hahaha holy shit that 's awesome . 
  * slow clap *, 
  do not ruin this for me, 
  you are correct but you 're a dick . 
  be nice and people will take you seriously . 
  did n't you pay attention in school ? 
  on a certain bay , maybe ? 
  i 'm not your muchacho , es\u00e9 . 
  but how ? 
  you explained absolutely nothing . 
  holy shit . 
  killer be killed . 
  i would n't call deafheaven happy . 
  it 's melancholic at best . 
  i 'm not your bro , muchacho . 
  la la la la i ca n't hear you, 
  i like me some neckbearded lady . 
  `` hold my beer '', 
  playing guitar . 
  it 's really difficult to explain it to someone who does n't play guitar , but i 'm immersed for hours when i 'm playing guitar and i do n't even notice it . 
  it 's a great feeling . 
  not to sound pretentious but playing guitar is like translating your feelings to audible things , called melodies . 
  nice try , parole officer ... nice try . 
  nice try , strangely shady reddit user ... nice try . 
  got naked , took a walk on a major street at 5.30 am and asked a random guy what the time is to which he replied by swiftly getting the fuck out of there . 
  i would wake up . 
  why on earth do you have a loaded gun next to you ? 
  do you work security somewhere , in which case what the fuck are you doing on reddit ? 
  so many questions ... 
  yup . 
  ` tis danny trejo alright . 
  american beauty, 
  why ? 
  only 1 of them made the bin . 
  he 's got a point . 
  that 's kind of oversimplifying a very layered movie . 
  is n't that spartacus kubrick hated and tried to disown ? 
  you just described every kirk hammett solo ever . 
  holy shit . 
  -115 karma in 30 minutes and counting . 
  that must be a record . 
  x2n owner here . 
  that thing is so high output it 's unbelievable . 
  oh god i choked on my food, 
  this is the apple store on 3rd street promenade , right ? 
  i met that guy . 
  over a ban of 2 twitter accounts ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  oh shit my friend jim 's in this !, 
  their production is getting better and better . 
  ca n't wait for the dvd, 
  american beauty, 
  yeah ... not really helping , bud . 
  there 's a reason to say the same thing about every nation but people do n't unless they 're racists . 
  * whooosh *, 
  good pitch but sadly no promise of unboxing videos . 
  for that reason , i 'm out . 
  the ones responsible are n't alive anymore . 
  and their descendants ca n't be held responsible for the past . 
  that said , it still does n't justify current turkish government not acknowledging it as genocide . 
  i 'm just saying , it makes no sense to blame the current turkish youth for their great-grandfathers ' actions . 
  that 's not pakistan belgrade , though . 
  that 's a team in turkey . 
  i 've seen people do some pretty stupid shit in my life but this takes the cake . 
  it 's because they represent those nationalities . 
  they 're not literally supposed to be the countries themselves . 
  lateralus is the greatest thing that 's ever happened to progressive music . 
  what 's mind-boggling to me is how this dude is yet to have a signature anything , let alone a guitar . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  i got the exact same guitar same color !, 
  now we 're guitar brothers, 
  it 's undoubtedly one of the best purchases i ever made . 
  seriously , i love everything about this guitar . 
  except the nut . 
  it hurt my hand like hell for a while , then i had it replaced . 
  i also replaced the tuners with planet waves auto-trim locking tuners . 
  and replaced the stock pickups with dimarzio 's . 
  now it 's almost like a whole different guitar !, 
  it just plays and stays in tune better with the new parts . 
  i had an ibanez before and i thought i enjoyed playing that one but then i got bored and took a break from playing guitar until i got this and it 's like this guitar brought back that passion . 
  now i enjoy playing guitar even more . 
  prs are american made guitars . 
  their se line is their entry-level models , made in korea . 
  except for the pickups , tuners , knobs , nut and the carved top , they 're almost identical . 
  fucking amazing guitars , really . 
  for that kind of money ( around $ 700 ) undoubtedly the best purchase you 're ever going to make . 
  no better value than se in that range . 
  ok , i might be a little biased since i 'm a prs owner myself but what can i say ?
