  tom franks . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  you seem like a person content with life and that makes me happy . 
  happy holidays, 
  probably because he got more gold from people in this thread, 
  well no shit ... 
  what are those technical ways ? 
  you clearly are ... 
  drums : blake richardson, 
  bass : troy sanders, 
  rhythm guitar : brent hinds, 
  lead guitar : paul waggoner, 
  vocals : maynard james keenan, 
  you forgot to mention trent reznor . 
  did anyone mention tool yet ? 
  between the buried and me, 
  tool, 
  lamb of god, 
  killer be killed, 
  him apparently . 
  is this tumblr ? 
  [ nope , british . 
  ] ( http://www.thefreelibrary.com/victim+could+feel+his+flesh+burning%3b+jail+for+flamethrower+stunt.-a0177495885 ), 
  [ not exactly spelled the way you described it , but i 'll take my chances  this is the ony french movie i could think of that would make someone cry and has a black and white cover . 
   functionality , security , bluescreen of death , viruses , bloatware , adware , and many more . 
  none of these are problems if you know how to use windows properly . 
  nope , osx * and * windows user here . 
  i 've used both operating systems extensively and i can tell you , windows ( especially 8.1 ) is a great os * if * you 're not a noob , both security and function-wise . 
  you 're clearly doing something wrong if you 're seeing blue screen . 
  i am yet to see one . 
  security-wise , if you know how to properly surf and have a decent security software , you 'll have no problems . 
  i can tell you 're not really familiar with windows since you apparently do n't know that you can actually customize that to not restart it after updates . 
  the way you describe it , reminds me of second hearbeat by avenged sevenfold , although it 's not really new and/or prog and the hihat is n't 4/4 . 
   men are outdoors, 
  what the fuck ? 
  hmm , yes . 
  that is indeed the joke he was referring to . 
  even better , roland quad capture for $ 188 . 
  a symptom of what ? 
  what ? 
  regret : my shitty line 6 spider . 
  i love my prs se custom 24 though . 
  best purchase i 've ever made . 
  are you me ? 
  colors - between the buried and me, 
  crack the skye - mastodon, 
  the title song is simply amazing . 
  leper messiah is pretty meh in my opinion , but orion has to be metallica 's magnum opus . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're serious or not . 
  i recommend amplitube , much better tones in my opinion . 
  kurt cobain , right ? 
  that was my first guess as well . 
  if anyone thinks the road or no country for old men is depressing/dark/violent , blood meridian will fuck them up . 
  i know , right ? 
  even skyrim has better stealth than ac . 
  you take that back, 
  why do you keep saying it like that ? 
  how can you not have heard of the best porn search engine ever made ? 
  because you might get in a band which might require you to perform live . 
  or not . 
  how long did you wait to make that joke ? 
  i will have your babies if you come to los angeles before i die . 
  look at cats, 
  i agree , he 's unreal, 
  saw them in la couple of months ago . 
  it was pretty boring to be honest . 
  i left before encore, 
  this is amazing . 
  thank you so much . 
  if you wrote a book , i 'd read it . 
  killer be killed, 
  you 're a good and a smart person . 
  ` maynard declined his request to fart into a microphone . ', 
  i laughed so hard at this, 
  well , technically they released two albums in the past decade . 
  if the decade is ( 2000-2010 ) then two albums ( 2001-lateralus , 2006-10 ,000 days ), 
  wh ... what did i just watch, 
  we know you 're gay . 
  between the buried and me - colors, 
  mastodon - crack the skye, 
  lamb of god - ashes of the wake, 
  dream theater - metropolis pt . 
  i ca n't pick just one . 
  but if i had a gun to my head , it 'd be a choice between colors and lateralus . 
  i enjoy system of a down and toxicity is really outstanding but, 
   very experimental sound, 
  not really . 
  you misspelled crack the skye, 
  west la to long beach is an hour everyday . 
  he could be going to irvine from dtla for all i know . 
  yup . 
  exactly what i did . 
  pod farm tones are horrible . 
  if you 're going to do amp modeling , go with amplitube, 
  uhh ... 
  i wan na say ... hetfield ? 
  oh no , it 's perfect . 
  you hardly see hetfield sing holding the mic like that ( especially back in the day ) so i got confused for a second . 
  really ? 
  guy 's looking for bands similar to pantera and crowbar and no one 's going to mention down ?
