  * alrighty, 
  `` wall of sound '' is the production method he uses ( tracking multiple guitars with drums and bass ever so slightly behind the beat so it creates that massive sound ) , not the structure method . 
  wait ... denise ? 
  lost it at the cave troll mom, 
  really , though ? 
  of all opeth songs , he puts * coil * ? 
  if he was looking for a mellow opeth song , he should 've played windowpaine . 
  gee the america circlejerk is strong with this thread, 
  holy shit , smooth . 
  `` there 's this thing called the internet ... '', 
  oh my god this is pure gold, 
  it 's an old method to create a very wide sonic space by doubling , even tripling the instruments - and preferably , panning them hard left and hard right . 
  devin townsend took it further and worked with drummers and bass players that played just a little bit behind the beat . 
  that 's why his songs sound massive and personally , a little over-polished but that 's his style . 
  [ he explains it better here , around the 4:00 mark . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/dwhaxjmiv6o ), 
  aw , you beat me to it . 
  holy crap yes it is, 
  dae hate religion and wars lel, 
  this is one of the best things dt has ever done . 
  it 's probably their best instrumental , that 's for sure ( i know it 's subjective but let me have this ), 
  and a private stock prs at that . 
  those restaurants on the other hand are not, 
  kurdistan as a country does not exist . 
  shit . 
  for some reason i thought i was browsing / r/mapporn, 
  i will let that one stay as my shame . 
  how about overture 1928 though ? 
  which part is that ? 
  bush , search party of three !, 
  that really fast run petrucci does around 0:41 , still ca n't nail that one, 
   created their new culture, 
  this is easily the most ignorant shit i 've read on this website . 
  fuck that guy . 
  i 'm the real me . 
  i find this incredibly easy to masturbate to . 
  not that i masturbated or anything , but the urge is very powerful . 
  as a horny teenager , i sunk countless hours into newgrounds ' adult portal . 
  google it and play the classic meet 'n' fuck series . 
  billions of sperms were ejaculated to those by yours truly . 
  incredible argument there . 
  really well-thought out arguments with specific points explaining why 8 mile is n't a great movie . 
  thank you . 
  ... no , no . 
  * affordable * . 
  mid-20 's white male here . 
  the only thing i eat at panera is broccoli cheddar soup . 
  this sounds exactly like nolan 's upcoming `` interstellar '' . 
  now that i think about it , maybe that 's what inspired him in the first place . 
   a real human bean, 
  ftfy, 
  why ? 
  do we have clearance , clarence ? 
  how are you in every goddamn thread, 
  by him . 
  i want to believe, 
  what people would n't do for karma ... 
  * expected, 
  metropolis pt . 
  2 : scenes from a memory, 
  colors, 
  parallax ii : the future sequence, 
  crack the skye, 
  altered state, 
  let 's make like a fruit hater and diss a pear . 
  holy shit . 
  i had no idea it was that intricate . 
  that 's fucking incredible . 
  sabbath and maiden suck dick . 
  this is my honest opinion . 
  wow . 
  no love for the new build by dark tranquility aka best intro ever ? 
  no it certainly counts . 
  wait how 's 10,000 days a concept album ? 
  is that supposed to be a joke ? 
  that 's sad . 
  dude , asleep in the deep 's chorus is amazing . 
  it 's very reminiscent of stargasm 's , which i love . 
  source ? 
  not being a dick , i 'd just love to read that interview , sounds really interesting . 
  they just finished doing a us tour with gojira and kvelertak . 
  you 're fucking hilarious . 
  first you say btbam is not metal which has to be one of the most ignorant things i 've read on this website then you think i 'm sad because you dislike my favorite band . 
  you 're just ... so dumb it 's unbelievable . 
  seriously , you 're really fucking dumb and i 'm not saying that to insult you . 
  you 're just truly ignorant and stupid . 
  that 's funny because you implied i 'm a girl and being a girl is insulting amirite ? 
  sounds very cloudkicker-ish . 
  listen to the main riff of lateralus and tell me that 's not metal . 
   he also got alexi laiho and dave davidson to do some guest metal guitar playing . 
  in my opinion , those two are easily the most technically proficient metal guitarists on the planet right now that are from the younger generation . 
  you really need to expand your horizons ... off the top of my head , i can list at least 3 players that are way more versatile and talented than those two . 
  you got metal elitists upvoting you and that 's great and everything but that does n't change the fact that tool is metal . 
  yeah , not as metal as meshuggah or nails or whatever but they 're metal alright . 
  that 's a joke right ? 
  have you actually heard paul waggoner ? 
  hate to break it to you but if you 've never even listened to them , your opinion that ` those guitarists are purely technical ' is invalid because of your lack of knowledge . 
  also , aal does not have a formula for their songs . 
  if they do like you say , i 'd be really interested in hearing what that formula is . 
  yeah well , the point stands .
