  richard dawkins, 
  i 'd personally take third eye over any song on aenima any day . 
  guess what ? 
  your brain is multi-tasking too when you 're tuning the radio or turning on the ac . 
  it makes no difference . 
  it 's smarter than the majority of reddit ... 
   although , honestly , jean-claude van damme could have nailed that part . 
  ca n't tell if trolling or serious, 
  although i respect your nationalism , your point is very subjective . 
  while i enjoy american films more than any other countries ' films , the fact that japan or france watches more american films does n't necessarily mean they 're better . 
  that just means hollywood is better at marketing . 
  right behind the building . 
  or just park at the vons parking lot across the street like everyone else does . 
  you can be reasonably sure if you park there after 12ish ( that 's when vons closes , i believe ), 
  most of the songs by tool mentioned in this thread are either third eye or rosetta stoned . 
  was looking for wings for marie pt . 
  was not dissappointed . 
  even though i personally do n't enjoy their music ( or grunge altogether ) , i would n't call them one of the worst bands of the ' 90 's because they unquestionably had a huge impact on the scene . 
  that said , i 've always thought they were overrated . 
  the piano part ? 
  oh god what is it ??? 
  what is the ` stuff ' ? 
  i was gon na say , i want to see this done at santa monica too . 
  especially in front of 7/11 on pico and lincoln ... 
  question ; what are you using to connect the guitar to your pc/mac ? 
  are you using an external audio card w/usb ? 
  sorry , i 'm such a noob when it comes to these things . 
  a black or a muslim can be british , you half-wit . 
  well it is a spoiler for those who have n't seen the first one . 
   most powerful human being on planet earth, 
  not sure if sarcasm or propaganda, 
  dat flawless high school logic, 
  i like the framing . 
  throbbing gristle - slugbait is the most disturbing piece of music i 've ever heard . 
  not particularly dark but in terms of feeling the artist 's pain , wings for marie ( pt 1 and 2 ) is haunting . 
  he worded it really weird but he seems to suggest that leo 's character and his colleagues were the villains in inception , which if you think about it , is plausible . 
  after all , cillian murphy 's character was n't evil and leo was the one stealing from him , although he was only doing it so he could get back with his children . 
  then again , walter white killed people to provide for his family . 
  meh , i do n't know . 
  it 's a moral clusterfuck . 
  a good example is the star wars franchise , since it 's basically about anakin ( turning into darth vader ) . 
  neither of them ( magneto and loki ) are protagonists though . 
  well , marvel was considering a stand-alone magneto movie few years back . 
  i do n't know if they still are but it would make for an interesting story . 
  also , in comics , he had a bunch of original titles that featured him as the protagonist . 
  as a prs se owner , i second this . 
  i like how you said prs twice for metal which i agree with because prss are awesome for metal . 
  no , you do not get charged unless there 's an app downloading in the background , your e-mail app is set to push or any other shenanigan is taking place . 
  he could try getting a better router . 
  do you use an iphone ? 
  source ? 
  as much as i love avenged sevenfold , synyster gates is an incredibly overrated guitarist . 
  check out periphery and animals as leaders . 
  i like both of you . 
  because you totally know what constantinople was like back in the day . 
  fuck you and your holiday . 
  do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . 
  this is the way revolutions are done . 
   this is going to sound so self centred but ... 
  self-centered indeed . 
  i agree with you ... do n't expect the idiots here to do same though, 
   sort out a few things, 
  go on ... 
  seems like you are n't fluent in english though, 
  fuck you . 
  holy shit . 
  you make me feel proud to be a turk . 
  notice how no one in turkey gives a single flying fuck about the eu ? 
   as an atheist, 
  i lol 'd . 
  true that . 
  stop being misleading . 
  neither 3g nor the internet is cut off at the moment . 
  thing should calm down by the time you get there . 
  well , as far as i know , the only reason 3g seemed cut off was because so many people were using it in the same area . 
  i sure fucking hope so, 
  yeah ... that is n't the point of these protests , you barbaric fuck . 
  you 're embarassing your people . 
  hmm . 
  well , stay safe , brother !, 
   arab spring, 
   turkey, 
  i lol 'd . 
  this does n't have anything to do with those countries , you ignorant dumbass . 
  right . 
  because an egyptian would know what 's happening in my own fucking country better than me . 
  explain moar, 
  come and take it brah, 
  cry more, 
  unless you 're going to replace them with christian scriptings , or any religious scriptings for that matter , i 'll help . 
   lynching police men, 
  what are you , high ? 
  right . 
  because tayyip totally does n't rig elections . 
  this was n't a coup . 
  this was merely a threat . 
  eu is more than just borders . 
  why should they ? 
  also a good microphone . 
  really ?
