  i will skip class on march 11 and drive from la to sf for this . 
  how about la before we see each other down in arizona bay ? 
  or not . 
  but i do n't have the statistics to dispute it so i believe you . 
  i 'm no expert but r/wearethemusicmakers might be the right subreddit for this . 
  this bot 's the shit . 
  this thread lacks progressive metal, 
  1 between the buried and me, 
  2 tool, 
  4 lamb of god, 
  dream theater !, 
  you are incredibly close-minded . 
  shit , without the sarcasm note at the end , i do n't think i would 've got it, 
  oh the irony ... 
   i do n't see how people listen to it beyond their angry teen years . 
  this is what the guy said , so no . 
  now go away . 
  whatever you say , buddy . 
  i 'll let the downvotes speak for themselves ... 
  * unzips pant impulsively *, 
  white walls - between the buried and me, 
  and this is interesting because ? 
  alright , tough guy . 
  why am i laughing at this, 
  * and i wo n't put my hands up and surrender *, 
  well i 'll be damned . 
  i 'm saying what is interesting about seeing a band in an app whose name is n't a fucking proper noun . 
  it 's easy to say you 'd stand up for that woman from where you 're sitting . 
  in reality , you would n't do shit upon seeing a mentally unstable man with a fucking knife in his hand . 
  edit : my original comment insulted the guy saying * ` it 's easy to say you 'd stand up for that woman from where you 're sitting , dick in hand covered in cheetos grease ' * which upon posting , i immedialy thought was uncalled for so i deleted it, 
  haha , sorry about that man . 
  i know which band this post is about , i just did n't find it interesting . 
  i apologize if i came off as an asshole . 
  what makes you think i need to get people to pick my side ? 
  i 'm just saying it 's easier to say and act like a hero because there 's no way i could prove otherwise . 
  anyway , who cares ? 
  good luck on your diet , internet tough guy . 
  oh , i know . 
  you sound like you 're a decent person . 
  i know i came off as dickish , i guess i 'm just too cynical about humans . 
  truth is , if only we took more action like you described . 
  i just have n't seen it happen enough that i can believe humans are n't apathetic in general . 
  anyway , sorry . 
  have a nice day . 
  no it 's not, 
  that 's a bot , brah . 
  because r/metal, 
  is n't that russia ? 
  well i 'll be damned, 
   yanks, 
  who the fuck says ` yank ' anymore ? 
  what is this , the ' 90 's ? 
  source ? 
  then who was rover ? 
  leave mighty gaben out of this . 
  how ? 
  i 've tried quitting 3 times and failed each time . 
  you could 've said ` enter sandman ' instead of ` shepherd of fire ' and it would 've been the same thing ... 
   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-bmxk-0jts, 
  this video is not available in your country . 
  an american show not available in the u.s. ? 
  what the fuck is happening here ? 
  miroslav philharmonik orchestra or vienna symphonic library . 
  they 're pretty much the industry standards . 
  i also never had a pet . 
  5 months ago , i adopted a cat and now i ca n't even imagine my life without him . 
  it 's funny how i ised to make fun of people who look at cats on the internet and/or take pictures of their cats all the time and now i 've become one of them . 
  damn creatures . 
  your cat 's awesome . 
  that 's an urban legend turks made up . 
  they had no such sign . 
  show me a source ( not a photoshopped image ) . 
  twice . 
   smith, 
  you mean jones . 
  you got it , man !, 
  so you can hack it ? 
  same . 
  playing the grudge , lateralus , ticks and leeches and reflection is a blast . 
  what is the name of your company ? 
  source ? 
  paul waggoner 's a deity . 
  paul waggoner , jeff loomis , adam jones , synyster gates , matthew heafy , guthrie govan, 
  update : tried the ` reverse chord find ' at http://chordfind.com but it says `` no chord find ! '', 
  which is weird because it sounds so ... * chordy * . 
  ** update : ** tried the ` reverse chord find ' at http://chordfind.com but it says `` no chord find ! '', 
  which is weird because it sounds so ... * chordy * . 
  thanks !, 
  can you elaborate on what you meant by ` doubling the 3rd ' ? 
  that makes sense . 
  thanks !, 
  i should 've figured . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  that website 's really cool . 
  thanks !, 
  that explains a lot , thanks !, 
  regarding doubling thirds , are there any examples of chords with double thirds in songs ? 
  has anyone used them ? 
  i 'm sure it 's not common but maybe in jazz ? 
  this happened to me .
