  you think the world is a hollywood film ? 
  that is very well put . 
  well fuck me . 
  turkey doing something right for once, 
  wow such insight, 
  so is crystallized . 
  24 minutes of epicness, 
  if it is one of the major cities , you got nothing to fear . 
  i see . 
  that sucks . 
  if you 're ever in istanbul though , pm me and i 'll take you out for a beer . 
  did you go back 8 months to find that comment ? 
  you are one dedicated son of a bitch , i 'll give you that . 
  it is known . 
  ( on the real though , it totally happened ), 
  i too am a master of ellipses ... 
   red blur, 
  to be fair , m\u00fcller * is * a demigod of positioning, 
  anyone with half a brain knows them to be terrorists . 
  well put . 
  how do you know ? 
  then speak like you have . 
  nope . 
  having a large military is not the only factor that determines a super-power . 
  if they do n't have those , then they simply are not a superpower . 
  well-put , fellow turk . 
  try [ this band . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_ocean_\\ ( band \\ ) ), 
  to be fair , hungarians were pretty ok under ottoman rule, 
  i. . . uh . 
  i kinda liked that movie . 
  well , he * did * say `` in all seriousness '' and he 's not wrong ... 
  if one game turned average players into legends , we would have countless legends . 
  not really prickish though , is it ? 
  he 's not downplaying what the kid did , he 's just saying technically it 's not * that * difficult - which it really is n't . 
  no , but if you say something along the lines of `` hey billy , that 's awesome and let 's keep that going if we want to become world-class '' that 'll still encourage the kid while reminding him there 's still a lot of way to go . 
  no need to be a dick about but no need to sugar-coat it either . 
  premature occurrance . 
  after literally kicking messi, 
  kinda makes me proud that all of our best players this season are all local players . 
  i love you . 
  you got the fucking joke . 
  traffic . 
  the soundtrack really is something . 
  top banter, 
  why is messi on enterprise ? 
  hey man , do n't bother with these assholes . 
  i 'm 25 too and i 'm really hyped for finding dory . 
  great response . 
  i mean ... you kind of do . 
  you wake up one morning and your nose is not runny , you 're not sneezing and you do n't have a headache , you do n't immediately think `` there . 
  i 'm better now '' ? 
  that escalated quickly . 
  i actually saw it on fact slides . 
  but yeah , sorry . 
  seemed interesting enough to me that i thought people would find it interesting as well . 
  * checks to see if there are any mastodon references yet *, 
  coursing through his veins, 
  providing him with strength, 
  to see this to the end, 
  afraid of psychic eyes, 
  faith in mystic power, 
  #the last baron, 
  shake your dicks , this pissing contest is over !, 
  do you mean mclaren ? 
  it always seemed like he 'd live forever . 
  rip lemmy , you magnificent bastard . 
  you lived a beautiful life . 
  it 's because turks eat kebab , amirite ? 
  hahahahaha that 's so fucking funny !, 
  riiiiise !, 
  flooooaaat !, 
  certain intentions were undertaken . 
  omg please do that, 
  i did n't know we had clairvoyants in this subreddit . 
  that 's fine . 
  hoping will only accomplish so much . 
  dae led zeppelin is the greatest band ever and anyone who does n't like qosta is a bigot ? 
  dae le post rock ? 
  steven wilson, 
  tool, 
  ** the ocean **, 
  nope . 
  i do n't ever get mad at someone who does n't have a cigarette for me - which i never ask anyway , i always carry mine . 
  never too late to make a change, 
  not too late to change where you live though . 
  whoa there , take it easy guys . 
  we 're barely 26, 
  shaving oil is a thing, 
  how is that clear ? 
  the only clear thing is the shaving oil . 
  literally . 
  i will always laugh at this novelty account . 
  and * khajiit . 
  fucking hell he spelled 3 words wrong out of 5 . 
  i do n't think the question was ` what 's your favorite albums ', 
  long days and pleasant nights . 
  there are 5 words in that sentence . 
  five . 
  about fucking time .
