  notes is awesome because it 's very straightforward . 
  delete the useless clock app and maybe turn it into something that appears when charging . 
  useless ? 
  i use the alarm function pretty regularly . 
  simplify the settings ( i do n't know what happened over that past fee years but ios devices settings have become more complex than any i 've seen ), 
  alright , this is one i 'm really having trouble understanding . 
  how more user-friendly can they make settings ? 
  it 's very simple and easy to use . 
  have one speaker port on the top and bottom for surround sound rather than having both on the bottom . 
  fyi , a speaker on top and bottom does not equal surround sound . 
  there 's a reason no one uses siri . 
  yeah its not really useful but i blame it on the way you access it . 
  google now is a far smarter way of doing so . 
  source ? 
  i use it . 
  people i know use it . 
  and to be honest with you , to blame it on the way you access it is being nothing but lazy . 
  the alarm should be in the settings , not another button on the home screen . 
  just ... no . 
  alarm has to do with time so it makes sense that it 's in clock . 
  maybe your new to ios or your just being a fan , but those settings make no sense . 
  they 're unorganized in comparison to any of the other oss, 
  that 's cute . 
  what 's cuter , however , is that you think setting is unorganized . 
  being a windows 8 user , i can easily say setting on ios is much more simple to use and way more organized . 
  i 'm really surprised you could n't figure what i 'm getting at here honestly . 
  if you play video on landscape with the audio set up i wished it had , it be better than having audio shoot from one direction . 
  okay , yeah , this i can understand . 
  maybe it was your wording but this , again , does not equal surround sound . 
  it 's cool to be a diehard fan of a product but to ignore its faults is kind of childish . 
  everything can be improved upon . 
   its faults is kind of childish . 
   kind of childish, 
   childish, 
  sigh ... 
  interesting . 
  steven wilson ? 
  yeah , he keeps me sane too . 
   end of the century, 
  so i 'm assuming you 're not even born yet ? 
  go away . 
  n. . . no . 
  was expecting ` cloud atlas ' in the ` worst ensemble cast ' category . 
  so glad to be wrong . 
  ninja edit : not saying the cast of cloud atlas was bad or anything . 
  i loved the movie . 
  just had my doubts for a second there considering the make-up particularly was n't fantastic . 
  was expecting ` cloud atlas ' in the ` worst ensemble cast ' category . 
  so glad to be wrong . 
  ninja edit : not saying the cast of cloud atlas was bad or anything . 
  i loved the movie . 
  just had my doubts for a second there considering the make-up particularly was n't fantastic . 
  how ... what ... 
  cloud atlas ... where is it ? 
  so there are no italians hanging out at nightclubs in germany ? 
  this is good news . 
  house arrest for ocalan however is a very controversial move in a country where even * talks * for peace has just begun after decades of killing each other . 
  but yeah ... an indefinite cease-fire sounds awesome . 
  what is it ? 
  oh god oh god oh god, 
  how ? 
  how the fuck did it help ? 
  how can anyone feel better by getting imaginary approvals from people he/she does n't know ? 
  fair enough . 
  still , it seems strange that some people would immediately post pictures of their dog on a website to get comfort . 
  why would n't you grieve properly ? 
  anyway it 's not my place to question it but doing such thing makes someone 's pain look fake to me . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted really . 
  you bring up great points . 
  personally though , it is something i just ca n't understand . 
  i know i would n't post my dog 's picture a day after he dies on a website to get comfort but i can try to understand . 
  how 's ` astonishing sextet ' ? 
  how is that even possible ? 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  scanning for networks does n't use any power whatsoever . 
  excretely ? 
  you , sir , need to calm the fuck down . 
  he 's getting downvoted not because he 's wrong but because he 's a dick . 
  muse is 200 times better than evanescence to be honest . 
  even though i 'm not a fan , when i hear songs like ` exogenesis ' i can tell that it 's intelligent music ( it is progressive ) whereas evanescence is just shitty alternative with a female vocalist . 
  * hear hear, 
  i got the same email , westside here . 
  but it 's only wednesday !, 
  are you sure ? 
  anything jack white does is so overrated , it 's not even funny . 
  dude . 
  god bless you , man . 
  hope you achieve everything you desire in life . 
  i 'm being sincere , no bullshit . 
  yeah , well you know , that 's just like , your opinion , man . 
  is your password really ` tits ' ? 
  my guess is they 'll be releasing new material ** very ** soon . 
  maynard loves reverse psychology . 
  in its current state , greece would fail so hard in even attempting to take istanbul from turks . 
  come to think of it , even not in their current state would that be impossible . 
   do you think we 'll be hearing any of the new songs ? 
   aj : i do n't know . 
  we 're still in negotiations on that . 
  awesome . 
  that means they are indeed working on a new album .
