  you fall in love with them the moment you play one ... 
   you too san francisco, 
  la residents : * phew *, 
  this is a great thread , op . 
  props . 
  inmates ( death row or not ), 
  racists, 
  rapists, 
  sexists, 
  religious extremists ( of any religion ), 
  corrupt politicians, 
  gang members ( any kind of gang ), 
  * imagine all the people living life in peeaacee ... *, 
   the holy gift is smooth and sounds `` legit '' compared to this, 
  not really . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  go see mastodon together with your girlfriend, 
  how are you typing like that, 
  too bad i 'm on mac . 
  * do n't judge me *, 
  alternatively , you could present those tickets as a gift , as in, 
  `` hey boo , look what i got for your birthday ! '', 
  `` yeah but i 'm not really into mastodon ... 
  i hardly listen any metal , you know that ... '', 
  `` you shut your whore mouth !, 
  break your backs and crack your oars , men !, 
  ** white whale , holy grail !!!, 
  you described the album perfectly . 
  that 's exactly how i feel about tot . 
  old people va-jay-jay juice, 
  this is the traditional turkish ` macun \u015fekeri ' , literally translates to something like ` paste candy ' also known as the ` ottoman candy ' . 
  it 's extremely tacky ( is that the word i 'm looking for ? 
  sticky ? ), 
  on the teeth ( that 's why the last time i had this i was a kid ) and i 'm guessing pretty damaging to the teeth . 
  that said , it tastes awesome , and all those colors are different flavors if i recall correctly . 
  i guess it 's more of a novelty even for turkish people because it 's very traditional ( from the ottoman days ) , a hassle to eat really so you do n't see it everywhere . 
  more commonly found around touristic areas . 
  turkish street vendors of tourist-oriented novelties like this are very talented and their business depends on their ability to mesmerize people . 
  check out [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/fvuqqf5s4dg ) also for a really cool show . 
  source : am turkish . 
  would n't recommend sucking on it , it 's extremely tacky . 
  that 's not a bandaid . 
  it 's like a piece of tissue he uses to get rid of the excess candy if i recall correctly . 
  shut the fuck up , ya old fuck . 
  wait , it was your prof who sent that e-mail ? 
  that 's messed up, 
  yeah i hear ya . 
  i have about 3 finals next week myself so i 'd be pissed if i got an e-mail like that , what kinda dickhead prof does such thing, 
  condoleeza rice is nice but i prefer a-roni, 
  they 're in the mafia, 
  dude i 've never played diplomacy ... is there like an online version ( because i do n't have any friends who 'll play with me ) ? 
  yeah , i feel like it 's the ` adorable ' factor that makes him funny , not his jokes . 
  not in english he 's not . 
  if you go to a tool concert expecting them to play crowd-pleasers , you do n't know tool at all, 
  [ google exists . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow8zom5a5sg ), 
  check if your icloud settings are ok . 
  that said , this also happens to me even if icloud is working ok on other things . 
  apple 's still refining facetime , i think ( or i 'd * like * to think ) . 
  it was a rhetorical question . 
  i think he 's well aware what it means , it 's just that a rhythm like 3/3 does n't exist . 
  definition audio & video on wilshire and bestbuy on pico and sawtelle sell headphones . 
  they * do * sell headphones . 
  but yeah they 're overpriced, 
  m ` lady, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  i asked that same question when i first heard dream theater 's * the great debate * years ago . 
  particularly from 4:05 to 5:30 ish, 
  you nailed it . 
  it 's like meditation for me at this point . 
  i would also add engl , particularly powerball to that list if you want some high gain german madness . 
  you 're a fucking creep for taking this picture, 
  on the cover of blueboy ? 
  albert einstein . 
  they made it pretty clear that whole album was inspired by \u00c6nima in interviews . 
  i mean that whole section , the drums and bass in particular is straight out of forty six & two . 
  even the dynamics and the vocals emulate tool . 
  pretty blatant ripoff if you ask me . 
  my favorite song off my favorite album by btbam . 
  sounds pretty chaotic at first listen but after a couple of listens , you understand the structure and dynamics and then you realize why this song is a masterpiece ( along with their * longer * epics , white walls and silent flight parliament ), 
  great artists however , steal . 
  oh yeah i know , i worded it poorly . 
  i meant their longer than usual epics . 
  i know where you 're coming from but inspiration and stealing are two different things . 
  bookcist, 
  you do realize he 's an actor ... 
  your day must be terrible . 
  found the guy who ca n't take a fucking joke . 
  you might need to see a shrink ... 
  holy shit thank you . 
  that sounds incredibly porny ... 
  that song is fucking terrible . 
  how 's the 8th grade going ? 
  welcome to the world of metal , buddy !, 
  thanks for letting us know which jokes are stupid and which ones are smart . 
  i do n't get this joke . 
  explain ? 
  while i like rudinger and i certainly think he 's incredible , being a great drummer is n't solely about technical ability . 
  his fills can feel a little out of place . 
  an all-around great drummer who can play a variety of genres is blake richardson .
