  what the fuck reddit ? 
  `` middle eastern muslim '' is not a race , you half-wit . 
  harakiri for the sky - aokigahara, 
  absolutely breathtaking albums . 
  nope . 
  turks have been putting their kebab inside lavash ( d\u00fcr\u00fcm ) for quite a while . 
  oguzhan was even worse than him . 
  did n't even hear his name once . 
  that 's because you need an excuse to be wasting time . 
  this is the stupidest shit i 've seen on this website and that 's saying something . 
  he is pretty diverse . 
  he sings in pretty much all kinds of styles in coma machine . 
  he 's really good but mjk is the absolute king in prog imo . 
   too good, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  he was stunningly average this season . 
  he did win us some matches but he 's * not * too good to play for fenerbahce . 
  can you repeat that ? 
  do you not have humor where you live ? 
  it 's relevant because that 's how you help your team get to the finals in the first place . 
  not defending the guy but it 's completely relevant . 
  that 's the spirit ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  well why did n't you ? 
  `` b. . . but they started it ! '', 
  that 's what he 's saying . 
   it literally influenced sgt pepper, 
  the thing with his health is referenced much earlier than that . 
  at the beginning of the movie , he tests that weird leg bracer on the wall in the batcave . 
  that would 've been absolutely terrible . 
  is n't that `` i will burn the heart out of you '' ? 
  fight club . 
  that 's why it 's a completely fitting example of what op is asking about . 
  this dude is well known for his viral videos, 
  it 's never established in the first place . 
  that 's the problem . 
  how 's * post shoegaze atmospheric progressive black metal * for a shorter label ? 
  while i agree with that sentiment , there will be people who cherry pick as he gets more exposure . 
  he did more than selcuk , that 's for sure, 
  projecting is a dumb thing . 
  i am ashamed of whoever booed arda turan . 
  yeah , he had a bad day ( he 's been having those a while now ) but you do n't boo your national team . 
  that 's just disgraceful . 
  up there ? 
  we 're at the top . 
  i agree . 
  pale communion sounds the same throughout but for some bizarre reason , i 'd put it in my top albums of 2014 . 
  absolutely loved it . 
  especially faith in others . 
  i think it 's mikael 's masterpiece . 
  * definitely correct for turkey . 
  dm ; nb, 
  why should they be speaking greek ? 
  yes ? 
  and they lived peacefully ever after . 
  rekt, 
  that 's where you draw the line in a fantasy tv show ? 
  or maybe ... just maybe ... you 're a stick in the mud op, 
  no you wo n't feel that way forever . 
  i felt the same way about a girl a while ago and you eventually learn to let them go . 
  once the infatuation wears off and you see clearer , you realize you might feel the same way about someone else one day . 
  why so aggressive though ? 
  i know you 're kidding but bose really do have surround sound headphones and they 're amazing . 
  shame they 're expensive as shit . 
  no la or san diego ? 
  wtf ? 
  right , forgot about those . 
  i guess i 'll have to drive down to san bernardino, 
  if he develops his potential fully , i 'm pretty sure he 'll end up at real madrid or barcelona 5 years from now . 
  agreed . 
  we do n't deserve to be here anyway . 
  lol right sorry, 
  who the fuck calls it `` domates ket\u00e7ap '' in turkey ? 
  lol no shit, 
  it 's not about the translation , it 's about whatever it 's called in said language . 
  so no , you do n't put `` domates ket\u00e7ap '' there because no one calls it that . 
  yes , that 's what translation is . 
  sometimes things do not get translated literally , which is what happened here . 
  how is all this so hard to understand ? 
  you amaze me , really . 
  you 're missing the point but i 'm done with this . 
  call it `` domates ket\u00e7ap '' like an idiot if that 's what 'll make you happy . 
   and in real life , he still travels the world and lives a worldly life with little to no remorse or consequences for his fraud ... 
  source ? 
  dude , i 've lived in the us for 8 years and been to most places in europe and i 'll tel you , us is paradise when it comes to tolerance and racism and whatnot . 
  europe is way worse , they just do n't talk about it . 
  danny : ticks and leeches, 
  adam : lateralus, 
  justin : the grudge, 
  maynard : 10,000 days ( wings for marie pt 2 ), 
  nice . 
  yeah , it 's called a joke . 
  pretty neat i 'd say, 
  you win the award for `` the most outrageous bullshit someone has ever pulled out of their ass for karma '' today . 
  the way you put it implied the actress , not some random woman . 
  pretty sure it 's not only adam who is a perfectionist . 
  maynard has repeatedly mentioned how the rest of the guys take too long refining . 
  the witch came out in 2015 . 
  that still makes it a 2015 movie , not 2016 . 
  heeeere we go, 
  mm yes , tell us more irrelevant facts .
