  shut the fuck up , you ignorant moron . 
  see , people like this asshole makes me feel embarassed to be a turk . 
  go back to the cave you crawled out of , dipshit . 
  shut the fuck up , you moron . 
  must be german , all this insecurity about genocides ... 
  oooh , did i hurt your feelings ? 
  i did naught hit her !, 
  itt : people who do n't know the meaning of ` cult movie ', 
  for someone who studied at one of the shittiest schools in turkey ( sakarya university ) , you sure have a big fucking mouth . 
  you 're wrong at everything you say though , you sad cunt . 
  i , too , know the lyrics . 
  edit : deleted comment said ` in cgi ', 
  hamburger habit / west la - hands down best burger i 've ever had, 
  actually they 're from little armenia in hollywood, 
  they met at pilibos armenian school in hollywood . 
  it says it right there in the link . 
  i read this and still have no idea what the fuck is going on in this series . 
  lol no . 
  it 's a fucking hallucination, 
  thanks for contributing absolutely nothing . 
  i. . . uh . 
  i do n't find this whole ` op is a faggot ' thing funny anymore . 
  these are genius . 
  if the point is to appreciate op for providing source , you can just say so . 
  colors - between the buried and me, 
   you can force it to control itunes by using scripts . 
  just create a new text file and save it with the extension . js - then right click and edit the file . 
  here is the code for the play/pause button :, 
  var itunesapp = wscript.createobject ( `` itunes.application '' ) ;, 
  itunesapp.playpause ( ) ;, 
  assuming the variable name used above ( ` itunesapp ' ) here are some other commands you can use :, 
  itunesapp.stop ( ) ;, 
  itunesapp.play ( ) ;, 
  itunesapp.nexttrack ( ) ;, 
  itunesapp.previoustrack ( ) ;, 
  itunesapp.soundvolume = 75 ;, 
  itunesapp.sources.itembyname ( `` library '' ) . playlists.itembyname ( `` my top rated '' ) . playfirsttrack ( ) ;, 
  you 'll have to create a script for each action you want to perform and assign those files to your keyboard buttons . 
  keyboard properties, 
  configure ... 
  `` start a program , web page , or file '', 
  but you can use more than one command per script - for example :, 
  var itunesapp = wscript.createobject ( `` itunes.application '' ) ;, 
  itunesapp.soundvolume = 50 ;, 
  itunesapp.stop ( ) ;, 
  found at, 
  ( sorry , do n't know how to do hyperlinks on my phone ), 
  i like how everyone on r/gaming is an authority on game design . 
  shut the fuck up and let studios do what they do best . 
  if you were any good , you would be busy working on a game instead of posting your shitty opinion . 
  damn nature , you scary !, 
  if you watch an action movie looking for plotholes in it , i would suggest you should probably stop watching action movies . 
  not sure if maynard 's autograph is cool or lazy . 
  so meta, 
  your friend is the kind of dickhead i would never want to work with because he would probably let random people play my guitar when i 'm not around . 
  if you 're learning how to have sex by watching pornstars , you are in for a disappointment . 
  i laughed . 
  is it a penis, 
  i also have seen enough pornos to know that real life sex is nothing like pornos . 
  silmarillion is n't critically acclaimed ? 
  you 're trying too hard . 
  it is bullshit . 
  source ? 
  how would it fit in a baseball diamond though ? 
  when op said baseball diamond i imagined a baseball sized di ... nevermind . 
  i just gave a call to the gc here in hollywood about the prs se custom 24 i 've been wanting to buy for some time and he said the coupon totally works on prss . 
  so yeah . 
  pretty good photoshop though, 
  someone had a shitty childhood . 
  if you need to state that you 're cool , then no , you 're not cool . 
  as someone who 's had severe insomnia for 3 years now , i feel very sad reading this . 
  somalia is africa , i believe . 
   lol , no other band i 've seen has had them, 
  what ? 
  it does so when switching to fullscreen because ( most of the time ) it switches from 360p to 480p on fullscreen ( or whatever the quality is ), 
  i think realtek audio manager allows you to change them . 
  i ca n't link cause i 'm on mobile right now but realtek 's website should be simple enough to find the appropriate drivers and software . 
  well , most people these days have connections that are fast enough to withstand that momentary quality switch . 
  you do n't even notice it . 
  if it 's a problem for you , however , i 'm pretty sure you can change it on your youtube settings . 
  you mean my tv right ( which is full hd ) ? 
  i kind of worded the question weird but to be clear , i am talking about connecting my pc to my tv via hdmi . 
  as a turk , while i wholeheartedly agree with you on the subject of genocide , it makes no sense at all to bring it up on irrelevant threads . 
  right , because one sociologist represents the whole fucking country . 
  maybe you could go fuck yourself , you fucking faggot . 
  [ this is how i imagine you typing that ] ( http://s-ak.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/terminal01/2011/6/22/13/enhanced-buzz-17456-1308765112-22.jpg ), 
  they 're brazilians . 
  do you always talk in memes ? 
  this interview is almost 3 months old . 
  i do n't know why ug keeps recycling old news . 
  nothing to see here , carry on . 
  how did you manage to type that while sucking your dad 's dick ? 
  no , you saw the prestige and the illusionist . 
  he saw ' 2 magician movies where there are dudes that do weird shit ', 
  this just in ; that 's gay . 
  wh . . what ? 
  what is this from ? 
  i got ta go ... it 's fap past ten, 
  hugo weaving ? 
  poorly timed indeed .
