   sometimes ( but very rare ) the pc do n't even shut down after windows is closed !, 
  the screen goes black and says `` no signal '' but the pc is still on !, 
  it turned out it was my motherboard . 
  if your reddit history is dirtier than your browser history , i do n't even want to know what subreddits you 're subscribed to . 
  only if you say no, 
  yeah but ` father of the year ' ? 
  really ? 
  by that standard , some dads i know are fucking angels . 
  that de-escalated quickly . 
   the burgers and fries are better than anywhere else . 
  body my holding cell, 
  dat riff in the middle . 
  always gets me headbangin, 
   bad ` merican influence, 
  that 's ironic because in the comic , the american kid wears a between the buried and me t-shirt . 
  that band is one of the greatest metal bands around today , not only in america but globally . 
  but it 's intentional if i 'm remembering correctly , the guy who drew this is a huge fan of the band . 
  edit : a lot of butthurt because i said ` greatest ', 
  what the fuck does this even mean ? 
  it 's not like they owe their fans . 
  they do whatever the fuck they want . 
   not musically, 
  that 's cute . 
  i wonder if you 've actually given the band a listen . 
   dumbest, 
  you have no idea about the fan base of the band apparently . 
   if a band ca n't convince me live , their albums are not going to change that , simply because a studio gives you endless time to get it `` right '', 
  good luck discovering new bands with that mindset . 
  a lot of incredible bands are not as good live ( in fact , a band i 'm a huge fan of , mastodon , is honestly terrible live ) because the circumstances of the show might not really work for the type of music the band makes ( the acoustics of the venue , not enough time to do a proper soundcheck , malfunctioning gear , the band not at the peak of their performance etc. ) . 
  there are a lot of factors here . 
  trivium , another band i like , is incredible live . 
  they put on amazing shows each time i see them yet their production on their albums are sometimes mediocre at best ( especially their latest ` vengeance falls ' ) . 
  besides , between the buried and me is amazing live . 
  i do n't even know why you say ... * sigh * nevermind . 
  if you have n't given their albums a listen and are just judging them based on live performances , you are in for a disappointment ... for a lot of bands . 
  i 'm glad you took the time to type all this but him saying, 
   `` greatest '' in sales , not musically, 
  is also an opinion . 
  so your argument does n't really make sense . 
  part of life , man . 
  part of life . 
  * sigh * you 're so obtuse i 'm not even gon na bother , kid . 
  the reason i called you obtuse is you keep saying ` your opinion is n't fact ' etc, 
  i have n't said such thing * anywhere * . 
  what the fuck are you on about , man ? 
  i imagine even the most stupid person is able to tell when someone says ` greatest ' , it 's always an opinion . 
  s'all good , man . 
  i do n't even know what we 're talking about anymore . 
  actually , there kind of is . 
  just press the play button and it will play the first song in your library , then tap the song . 
  i 'm probably going out on a limb here but am i the only one who thinks it looks cool and would play the shit out of it ? 
    i 'm a shitty guitarist . 
  there , i admit it . 
  we all think we suck compared to other players . 
  i 'm sure you 're good . 
  sex, 
  that fucking guy who cut me off on 405 this morning, 
  i-405 is an interstate highway in southern california . 
  ** tesseract - altered state **, 
  dream theater - dream theater, 
  an esp ltd ec-1000 is amazing for metal . 
  ca n't go wrong with those active emgs . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't play metal with passives . 
  precisely why i got myself a prs se custom 24 ( around $ 700 ) actually . 
  i play metal and prs , upgraded with seymour duncan passive pups really handle metal well . 
  i like it better than esp actually . 
  and the * feel * of this guitar ... 
  anyway , i love my prs way too much to not be biased . 
  but yeah , look into prs se series , esp ltd series , jackson soloist , schecter damien elites ... 
  i hear gibson 's new matt heafy signature is very nice too ( active emg 's ) . 
  why are people downvoting you ? 
  i was about to correct op for the same reason, 
  esp ltd series is amazing for metal . 
  i personally prefer the single cut ec-1000 's because they look better but it 's personal preference . 
  also , i 'm obviously biased since i got one but prs is sick for metal . 
  check out torero , or se custom 24 's ( with the new prs \\ m / pickups ) . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  this guy 's decidedly on his way to becoming my guitar god . 
  his wisdom inspires me . 
  also , how awesome is it to see questions from animals as leaders , tesseract and born of osiris ? 
  i love that the young ` uns acknowledge and respect a player like guthrie instead of just focusing on how fast they can shred ( not that those bands shred anyway ... ), 
  i want to believe, 
  your name says otherwise, 
  dae obscure music that is not arcade fire or tool, 
  ffsfsfsffsfsfsfsfsfsfsfsfs, 
  i do the same . 
  this ( tab below ) has been giving me a lot of trouble recently . 
  it 's really difficult for me to switch chords at a fast speed . 
  i know it 's very simple and i consider myself at intermediate level but not being able to play this properly makes me angry . 
  these are all meant to be 8th notes on a 6/8 beat , repeated 4 times . 
  sorry , it 's really difficult to type tabs on mobile ( they 're lined up perfectly when i type ) . 
  song 's ` foam a the backtrack ' by between the buried and me from their album ` colors ' . 
  i did and the font changed but they still were n't lined up . 
  took some tweaking . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  i 've never done drugs but ... people like you should go fuck themselves for not helping anyone and instead being judging cynical cunts, 
  maybe not really considered metal by some , but ` rosetta stoned ' by tool has the best build up and climax i 've ever heard . 
  also , white walls by between the buried and me . 
  retrospect by tesseract . 
  the czar by mastodon .
