  looks like those are 7/8 strings only . 
  thanks for the suggestion . 
  i was looking at x2n actually . 
  why do you say it will clash with my prs ? 
  edit : nevermind . 
  you said its * look * will clash . 
  yeah , i think so too . 
  but it looks cool as shit . 
  ugh , i 'd get the blackhawks if they were n't so damn expensive . 
  i 've read reviews in which people say invaders are a little too muddy with little to no low end . 
  are the jb 's tighter and cleaner ? 
  i 've been looking at those too . 
  those are the petrucci ones , right ? 
  i hear the new illuminators blow those out of the water but i have n't tried them myself . 
  those look sick . 
  hmm, 
  ** how about like this do i get any upvotes like this **, 
  all those who seek reason and appreciation in these comments ... you will not find it . 
  you 're a nice person . 
  how do you find the key in a song ? 
  i 'm like 4 blocks away from you !, 
  everything 's ok now . 
  [ apparently the outage was caused by a downed power line on 7th and marine . 
  ] ( http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-5800-people-without-power-in-santa-monica-edison-says-20131203,0,1957225.story#axzz2mu3ohgee ), 
  no shit, 
  there were a lot of helicopters and police cars around that time , so i wanted to ask . 
  were you trying to be inspirational ? 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  so if it 's a 10 minute song , do i have to play it over and over while playing a single note and try to find the key ? 
  is that the method ? 
  spoken like a true poet . 
  shut up you whore, 
  i disagree . 
  that album is like the definition of mediocrity and unoriginality . 
  it 's so uninspired i could n't listen it more than twice and i used to be a * big * a7x fan . 
  but i guess , like every other a7x fan who 's very disappointed , i should probably accept that ever since the rev died , they lost a major creative force in the band , if not the greatest . 
  altered state - tesseract, 
  well i have a prs too and i too play mostly metal ( mostly btbam ) . 
  dimarzio x2n ( bridge ) and liquifire ( neck ) seems to be what you 're looking for . 
  x2n is very high output and `` modern '' sounding . 
  they 're both surprisingly versatile pickups . 
  liquifire is what john petrucci used ( except the latest album ) so it does n't really get any ` versatile ' than that . 
  i did quite a bit of research on opeth 's sound before i got my prs ( mainly on mikael 's ) and it turned out he used stock pickups on heritage - if that 's the tone you like . 
  i 'm a big fan of his tone on ghost reveries and watershed but i just could n't find any information about the gear he used on those albums . 
  like i said , they 're very versatile pickups . 
  x2n , while mainly a ` metal ' pickup , is also surprisingly good all-around . 
  our influences are very similar ; btbam , opeth , lamb of god , periphery ... 
  i 'm also a fan of mastodon 's dirty sound , gojira , jeff loomis ( although my guitar is 6 strings ) , trivium and tool . 
  but honestly ? 
  if i had the money , i 'd get the bareknuckles . 
  passive ` metal ' pickups do n't get better than blackhawks . 
  paul waggoner uses them too . 
  oh gawd that monitor would change my life, 
  i do n't think he 's saying the images do n't qualify as moving . 
  he 's saying gay rights are over-represented . 
  one would have sufficed . 
  right , because gay rights definitely deserve more pictures than say , turkish protests where tens were killed or syrian protests . 
  that 's gorgeous . 
  i 'm looking at the b and h website and the macbook pro 15.4 '' is the same price on apple store ( $ 2599 ) . 
  what the fuck is going on here, 
  douchebag redditor : complains instead of explaining, 
  yes but how do i see how much fedora tip i have ? 
  + fedoratip 100 verify, 
  the other guys, 
  oh , this post surely must have some well-thought , constructive commen -, 
  * slowly creeps back off the thread *, 
  [ they do . 
  ] ( http://store.tronical-components.com/ ), 
  is that really what he said ? 
  i remember him saying in an interview he hates playing it because they 've played it so much . 
  prequel to the sequel is 8:36, 
  i think you 're thinking of white walls . 
  that one 's about 14:30, 
  that 's fucking awesome . 
  do a video review !, 
  # 4 simba owner checking in, 
  nothing . 
  that map is old and wrong . 
  as a turk , i find it funny that the person who made that map thinks turks are more favorable to the chinese than americans . 
  do n't believe that bullshit . 
   if i order this will i get it, 
  i. . . who knows ? 
  probably somewhat of an unpopular opinion but i actually find watershed to be their best work . 
  i love the rest as well , but watershed is where they got proggier ( is that a word ? 
  thank you, 
  wow source ? 
   as a german, 
   why forgive turks, 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  this is the only answer . 
  right ? 
  between the buried and me - white walls, 
  opeth - reverie/harlequin forest, 
  lamb of god - in your words, 
  and in santa monica, 
  and the game director of the red alert series ( dustin browder ) went to work with blizzard on starcraft ii . 
  i 'm with you , bro . 
  sudoku 's the shit, 
  and you too , kind stranger . 
  while eating hot dogs , i hear,
