  do n't disrupt the anti-turkey circlejerk , bro, 
  no , he 's not . 
  nice, 
  * cries uncontrollably *, 
  nice . 
  i ca n't believe you 've done this . 
  dat armpit doe, 
  dem fighting skills doe, 
  why did i click that ... 
  how about a twist on creampie, 
  i 'm not saying i expected something else . 
  i was just questioning myself . 
  gee take it easy you cynical idiots, 
  this title cracked me up so hard, 
  me niether, 
  that 's one way of justifying it ... 
  hey are n't you that guy from ... 
  nevermind . 
  goddamn i 'm not even american and even i feel patriotic as fuck right now fuck yeah ` murica, 
   here 's the big time fu . 
  the window was n't open . 
  it was the cleanest fricking window you 've ever seen in your life . 
  this cracked me up . 
  thanks op . 
  great story, 
  adopting the most backwards religion ever some centuries ago . 
  horrible people . 
  what else is there to say ? 
  stop wasting your time with this guy . 
  he 's totally objective . 
  the remote is the phone . 
  i think it 's pretty ingenious . 
   chromecast is an airplay receiver for google products . 
  it 's not . 
  yeah but it supports a bunch of apps , including non-google ones . 
  [ here 's the full list . 
  ] ( http://www.google.com.tr/chrome/devices/chromecast/apps.html ), 
  ** source ** for anybody ctrl+f ` ing, 
  anyone have a mirror ? 
  umad you ultrafuck ? 
  umad u lil bitch, 
  cry moar, 
  so shut the fuck up, 
  so much butthurt, 
  did you just copy/paste the top comment ? 
  fucking hell , messi ... take it easy, 
  you sound like a judgmental , ignorant fucking asshole . 
  digiturkplay, 
  this is just plain wrong . 
  what do you consider him to be then ? 
  he 's the * definition * of prog rock these days . 
  what do you consider him to be then ? 
  pretty sure he just deleted the comment . 
  not really . 
  he 's unique , yes , but he 's obviously prog rock . 
  nothing really ambiguous about it imho . 
  rock has a million subgenres too , you know . 
  he 's clearly rock . 
  ... am i missing something here ? 
   there are people that claim periphery to be prog metal, 
  * sigh *, 
  what are they if not prog metal ? 
  so we 're calling djent a genre now ? 
   in an interview with guitar messenger , periphery guitarist misha mansoor said :, 
   i was looking for gear that was djenty . 
  i was like : ` are these pickups djenty ? ' for some reason it caught on , but completely in the wrong way , because people think it 's a style of music and they think it 's a style of music i play . 
  anyway , yeah i do n't agree but whatever . 
  yes, 
  that does n't make any sense whatsoever . 
  you 're welcome . 
  ftfy, 
  she sounds super sweet, 
  i think it means they like you . 
  when they lick you , they 're cleaning/grooming you like they would themselves so it 's sorta like saying ` hey , you 're mine so you need to be clean like me as well ' . 
  it 's cute . 
  impossibru !, 
  t. . . totally harmless . 
  ... holy shit . 
  onun ad\u0131 francisco erasmo rodrigues de lima . 
  i totally did . 
  this is so well-written . 
  you already seem to be in the butthurt business, 
  i laughed so fucking hard at this dialogue, 
  that might be the butthurt that 's annoying, 
  lol how the fuck is this getting any upvotes ... / r/worldnews has finally gone full retard, 
  you are a sad little creature who lives a pathetic life . 
  i truly hope you save yourself further embarassment and stop being painfully obnoxious . 
  that sentence does n't even make any sense . 
  that 's cute . 
  i would argue with you but i do n't speak stupid . 
  except your marbles , apparently . 
  not really . 
  even the good ones do that every now and then . 
  women like being jealous of, 
  edit : i 'm not defending it . 
  i think it 's a shitty thing to do . 
  i 'm just saying women in general do it . 
  where the fuck does my reply say `` it 's not a shitty thing to do under any circumstances '' ? 
  this might just be the most adorable story ( and picture ) on tifu . 
  i miss my orange kitty :(,
