  i imagine bethesda would be there too . 
  although i personally disagree with you guys , i find it hilarious that you 're getting downvoted because you have an unpopular opinion . 
  r/movies really sucks sometimes . 
   fragments of steve job 's, 
   of steve job 's, 
   steve job 's, 
   job 's, 
   b 's, 
  reasonably . 
  spoken like a true poet . 
  yeah , there is one right after the n, 
  that 's how they recognize fellow trolls . 
  it 's like their insignia, 
  i 'm not seeing it ... 
  my personal favorite is the outro solo in white walls . 
  the last 4 minutes of that song is what i want to be played at my funeral . 
  such a beautiful melody . 
  anyone else read this as ` mayor carcetti ' of the wire ? 
  ankara , izmir , samsun , eskisehir , hell , even rize ( tayyip 's hometown ) to name a few, 
  afaik , reddit 's own algorithm does that in order to balance it with other posts on the front page . 
  do n't quote me on that though . 
  waggoner 's easily my favorite player of all time . 
  his control over the instrument is what i want to have someday . 
  teenaging, 
  yup . 
  having the same issue here . 
  when you start the install process , it 'll ask you whether you want to keep or erase all your data . 
  i was getting the black screen of death in the middle of whatever i was doing . 
  i did a clean install of windows 7 , nothing changed . 
  switched the rams around , now it says ` no signal ' on the monitor . 
  checked everything at least 10 times ; gpu is connected properly to the mb and the power supply , hdmi is properly connected to gpu and monitor . 
  and i 'm sure the gpu is working because the fan is ok . 
  drivers are fine , too . 
  i 'm thinking i might have messed up the gpu while playing around with the rams , not sure how though . 
  if you meant ` nobody wants to make * tayyip * a martyr ' , i agree with you . 
  dude . 
  nice shoes . 
  how the hell would someone know when the power is about to go out, 
  holy fuck , the level of ignorance in this thread on tattoos is disgusting . 
  then again , you 're an attempted burger so what the hell do you know ? 
  holy shit , why are you replying to everyone in this thread, 
  holy crap , how jealous are you to have replied to this many comments on this thread, 
  [ citation needed ], 
  what the fuck is the matter with you guys, 
  yeah but ` beastiality ' ? 
  really ? 
  i was thinking the same thing the other day . 
  this article is so biased i almost considered voting for erdogan in the next elections . 
  just thought the exact same thing couple of hours earlier when i heard gunshots/fireworks in santa monica . 
  as a turk , i 'm going to go ahead and say there have been at least 15 people gone missing in the last week alone . 
  and judging by all of these facebook photos appearing on my news feed every day , that number could easily be over 25 . 
  the writings are in turkish , so yeah, 
  were you dating a 12 year old kid ? 
  did he died ? 
  why did i laugh so hard at this ? 
  * additional generic country food pun *, 
  y. . . yes . 
  he was so young . 
  i fucking loved this guy . 
  rest in peace , james gandolfini . 
  this is true . 
  source : myself , having redownloaded my entire movie archive in hd after getting a 2 tb external hd, 
  edit : i meant * bought * . 
  bought my entire movie archive in hd ( am i doing this right ? ), 
  do those even exist ? 
  2001 : a space odyssey is pretty amazing considering he wrote it before the landing on the moon . 
  source ? 
  edit : geez i just asked for a source, 
  i think price is n't the most important factor in convincing people ( like me ) to actually pay for movies . 
  if a movie is available on the same date it is released in theaters , i 'm more than willing to churn out $ 10 , which is more or less the same price i would pay for a ticket at a theater . 
  spoken like a true poet . 
  does n't work as in it redirects you to instagram 's website ? 
  if yes , i agree , it does suck . 
  anyone who upvoted this comment instead of making a decision for themselves ... yeah ... you see where i 'm going with this ? 
  i 've been a pc gamer as long as i can remember . 
  the only reason i will be getting a ps4 is the social element . 
  playing against/together with someone sitting next to you as opposed to playing with people continents away is an experience i need in my living room . 
  between the buried and me - colors live, 
  his ass . 
  behold , for there is nothing but morons in this thread . 
  we all know the oscars are nowhere near a legitimate measure for what a decent film is . 
  that said , warrior was a good film . 
  ants of the sky by between the buried and me is one of the most difficult songs i 've ever had to learn . 
  but it 's unbelievably fun to play . 
  control center . 
  did you type that with a potato ? 
  i had the same problem . 
  instead of trying to edit it in itunes , open the folder the file 's in and right click on the file , then properties . 
  there should be a box that says ` read only ' . 
  if it 's checked , uncheck it . 
  look around for additional permission options . 
  what you 're looking for is the permission to edit ( ca n't remember the exact name of the option , i 'm on my phone , sorry ) . 
  `` they say there 's strength in numbers . 
  yeah , tell * that * to six million jews . '', 
  jimmy carr, 
  1 ) strength of the world, 
  2 ) blinded in chains, 
  3 ) save me, 
  4 ) radiant eclipse, 
  if you 're willing to go for the paid antivirus route , bitdefender offers one of the best protections out there .
