  statement that does n't get the reference, 
  holy ... shit . 
  maybe he is left handed . 
  you guys realize this community is n't only diamond - masters players , right ? 
  tl ; dr i have no idea it was too long i did n't read, 
  how dare you call that man ugly ? 
  you 're ugly . 
  zerg player 's storm dodging skills : apparently non existent . 
  wolf is sooo awkward . 
  relevant username indeed ... 
  your sense of humor is n't european . 
  i am european and you 're not even close to being funny . 
  well , you did ask for it , did n't you ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's gon na happen , sooner or later . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  okay , first of all , i hope you do n't play protoss because you have no idea how to play this game . 
  secondly , there 's nothing wrong with wanting to have your observers spread out . 
  you need to realize you can make 3 or 4 observers . 
  and no , ` citation needed ' is not bullshit . 
  you said ` no one is going to ... ' . 
  not no one . 
  i have more than 2 observers with my army . 
  if you watch pro games , they do as well . 
  you just need to shut up if you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  oh poor you . 
  i 'm pretty sure mvp could all kil eg by himself . 
  and immortals should be immortal . 
  i am a platinum toss and just wondering , why not use hallucination to scout the third ? 
  100 gas does n't seem like much considering how effectively you can scout the enemy with it . 
  blink micro is the most fun to do in the game in my opinion . 
  just blinking into your opponent 's base , sniping tech and then just blinking away . 
  incedibly annoying if you 're the other side . 
  oh yeah i forgot to say ; in my opinion , protoss is fun with forcefields , the warp in mechanic , phoenix play and whatnot but after playing zerg for a while , i can say it definitely is the most fun race of three . 
  mobility , its mechanics and style makes it incredibly fun to play and watch . 
  this ... 
  this is awesome . 
  worst novelty account ever . 
  he 's not even reacting ... 
  like you just did ? 
  it 's ok . we can be a mean community sometimes but we 're here to learn . 
  or so i hope ... 
  as a 21 year old bachelor , i 've always wondered the answer to this question but never had a chance to ask someone . 
  thanks to reddit , i do . 
  what exactly do you think causes this ? 
  then again , you 're an asian zombie , what the hell do you know ? 
  i 'd put mvp , mc , mma , drg and nestea instead . 
  this ... 
  this is hilarious . 
  so you 've met the man ... dustin ? 
  you 're code a ? 
  why not code a + ? 
  uhh . . dustin browder ? 
  [ what if ] ( http://m.quickmeme.com/meme/36g58t/ ), 
  hey guys , is this the hypnotoad thr-gnnnnnnnnnnhhhaaaaaapnotoad, 
  i know right ? 
  it 's reeaally fucking disturbing . 
  are we * positive * it 's a lie ? 
  i 'm just curious . 
  it still does that . 
  he did n't get a computer to watch esports . 
  i read all this and greatly respect your point of view however i still ca n't help but wonder how exactly does this justify your choice of word ... 
  well he was using both of his hands so yeah , 3 adadadadadadad, 
  hmm . . 
  i did n't see this . 
  it 's got nothing to do with a college freshman though ... 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i did n't know if he was lying really , but this helped quite a lot . 
  he 's actually 20, 
  holy shit . 
  this is awesome . 
  gyroscope thing makes it even more awesome . 
  why ? 
  apparently , your language 's got no spelling . 
  the least thing they need is more minerals . 
  that guy has n't been in trailers for a while now . 
  hollywood pretty much stopped doing that . 
  is ... is that a torrent link ? 
  * closes tab in panic *, 
  thank you . 
  he is from sweden , yes , but his nickname is actually a place in japan , famous for its thugs and ghettos . 
  i 'm not kidding , look it up . 
  you do n't use the word ` special tactics ' in vain !, 
  it 's considered blasphemy . 
  i finished the game literally 10 minutes ago and ... yeah ... nothing to see , really ... 
  no shit, 
  listen to this man , biscuit . 
  he speaks the truth . 
  i did n't think it was wordy at all . 
  keep making comics !, 
  and if i may ask , what were the specs of your pc and how much did you sell it for ? 
  so totalbiscuit has a right to say and do whatever he pleases but we do n't ? 
  yeah but there is no such thing as colossus toilet . 
  apollo is the best !, 
  ... and then you know what happens ? 
  i 'm not your dude , -- uh ... penis !, 
  he was n't as drugged ? 
  had to ctrl + f to find this, 
  well then you and me , my friend , we 're gon na get along just fine ... 
  well they got lcds that hang from the ceiling now if that 's going to help . 
  well , this got sorted out rather nicely i 'll say .
