  no , because `` dokuz '' and `` do\u011fru '' have rhyming first syllables . 
  that 's the only reason . 
  that 's fine . 
  my point still stands . 
  mike portnoy or brann dailor . 
  pretty obvious choices tbh, 
  it was aykut himself who 's wanted him for years . 
  the architect is fucking * amazing * imho but i can see why some poeple do n't like it . 
  oaml, 
  do n't believe the douchebag . 
  obviously a rival supporter spreading unfounded bullshit . 
  yeah , the scandal happened but erdogan `` bailing us out '' is a blatant lie . 
  do n't forget van persie . 
  between the buried and me - disease , injury , madness, 
  mastodon - the czar, 
  dream theater - octavarium, 
  opeth - reverie/harlequin forest, 
  agalloch - into the painted grey, 
  porcupine tree - anesthesize, 
  cult of luna - dark city , dead man, 
  isis - backlit, 
  totally not biased , you raging idiot . 
  you do realize it does n't matter who you 're talking to , anybody can reply ? 
  that 's the whole fucking point of reddit . 
  holy shit , you 're so fucking stupid it 's unbelievable . 
  ssh ... it 's over now . 
  no tears , only dreams . 
  enlighten us with your above-average social skills instead of being a condescending dick . 
  no wait , you ca n't because, 
   le average reddit user antisocial lele, 
  that 's all you got . 
  ] ( https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/ad-hominem ), 
  sshh ... no tears , only dreams now . 
  i actually laughed . 
  they did n't do anything when fenerbahce got eliminated . 
  seems like bjk winning the league 2 years in a row has made fb and gs become closer in a weird way . 
  you 're a fucking disgrace to turkey . 
  welp , there goes our loan deal . 
  fresh coffee . 
  i 'm gon na go with intj on that one, 
  it 's a meme . 
  a joke . 
  a fake story . 
  something written specifically to make people laugh . 
  understatement of the century, 
  that 's literally the first place he wrote . 
  i know you 're kidding but the proper translation for the neighborhood names ending with `` k\u00f6y '' is `` town '' , not village - so in this case , newtown or midtown . 
  fun fact : it is in fact possible to form an opinion about someone 's character without having to meet and hang out with them in person . 
  for the uninitiated ; who the hell is chico ? 
  he does have a point . 
  not really . 
  it 's only a simplified definition and completely true . 
  good attention to detail . 
   slash is debatably ( emphasis on is ) the greatest guitarist of his generation . 
  see you in the cl ? 
  [ this one about gave me a panic attack . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_1mtkb3mn8 ), 
  this is n't about the kid . 
  you 've completely missed the point . 
  turkish media have been reporting perez has agreed to a 1-year loan deal with fenerbahce . 
  i do n't know what to believe . 
  then again , this is the turkish media so i 'm more inclined to * not * believe anything they report . 
  he did n't say no chance at all . 
  do n't twist words . 
  besides , you do n't have to be a couch football analytic to take a guess . 
  you do realize there is this guy named messi who allegedly still plays at barca, 
  good luck, 
   who never played, 
  he did play semi-professionally when he was young . 
  you sound like an entj tbh, 
  this is one of my favorite movies and one thing i 've noticed is how it 's very much like a play . 
  it 's pure drama and this scene is the best example of it . 
  no music , nothing . 
  just silence and great dialogue delivered by master actors . 
  what the fuck are you even on about ? 
   let 's see if you get the reference, 
  oh man that 's such an obscure reference , i wonder if this person is able to get one of the most popular pop songs of all time, 
  dae le wrong generation, 
  what does that have to do with anything they 're talking about ? 
  dude , look at this username . 
  pic of said scene ? 
  what the fuck are you even on about ? 
  they do both . 
  because that 's not her ? 
  i 'm sure materazzi is so happy that / u/patrik71 has that opinion of him . 
  dude wtf ? 
  i 'm seeing you all over this thread defending materazzi and shitting on zidane . 
  are you actually materazzi ? 
  glad you 're here to explain the joke, 
  did he say cumberbum ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i 'd like to hear more of this . 
  that sentence grammatically does not make any sense . 
  no matter how many times i see this , i will always be amazed, 
  thank you so much for putting your time into writing this . 
  very informative . 
  i learned more reading your comment than i have in the past couple of years . 
  cheers !, 
  it 's not a secret , they said it themselves that they were inspired by \u00c6nima ( forty six & 2 in particular ) while writing this album . 
   influences for the album 's writing and recording , according to the authors , include metallica 's master of puppets , radiohead 's ok computer ( and also a radiohead bootleg portnoy brought in ) , pantera 's far beyond driven and the song `` mouth for war '' , [ 8 ] megadeth 's rust in peace , [ 8 ] u2 's achtung baby , tool 's \u00c6nima , nine inch nails ' the downward spiral , soundgarden 's superunknown , alice in chains ' dirt , kevin gilbert 's thud , king 's x 's faith hope love and galactic cowboys ' space in your face , b\u00e9la bart\u00f3k , rage against the machine 's the battle of los angeles , and maria tipo 's chopin nocturnes .
