  i do n't think you know what civil war means . 
  dude he shits in people 's cunts , what do you expect ? 
  that 's fucking interesting , man . 
  that 's fucking interesting . 
  that analogy does n't apply at all , but whatever suits your needs i guess . 
  dae tool fans are blind ? 
  seriously , this circlejerk 's gotten to the point where people complaining about obnoxious tool fans are more obnoxious than the fans themselves . 
  pretty sure an argument can be made that lost keys should be classified as a filler track . 
  lipan conjuring has tribal singing at the beginning . 
  why is that not a song ? 
  not being a dick , genuinely curious about your reasoning . 
  not really similar services though . 
  spotify 's social media integration ( seeing what my friends are listening to is pretty great ) and discovery algorithms work much better than apple music 's . 
  besides , if we 're talking strictly mobile , the `` swipe to queue '' gesture is really intuitive as opposed to tapping . 
  it should n't be that hard to implement the uefa goal line technology to tennis . 
  it 's the same principle . 
  if you 're this offended at something so trivial , then i think you * are * taking fucking crazy pills . 
  chill out . 
  you know , i am embarrassed to admit this but i am exactly the type of person you described - only about cats . 
  i feel like people get irritated when i start talking about how much i love cats . 
  then i notice and immediately shut up . 
  as a person with severe cat allergy , i finally said fuck it and got myself a siberian kitten . 
  only the mildest of symptoms now . 
  is / u/ojii your main account , / u/shit _ in_ur_cunt ? 
  do n't ruin this for me, 
  mayo and onions . 
  lol that 's absurd . 
  he has to be at least upwards of 85 mil . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  yes . 
  you are absolutely the only one . 
  pretty sure the kid thought he was pidgeon , not pikachu . 
  like what ? 
  haha yeah , the reason i said next month is i 'm abroad and will return to my hometown next month . 
  doing pushups every morning though . 
  slowly getting there . 
  it 's the new invincible iron man series . 
  the new costume is amazing . 
  not true , she is not attracted to me ... * yet * . 
  not at all . 
  you 're right , motivation alone is n't enough . 
  i need action . 
  that shot of the island with the braaw braaw score is haunting . 
  them germans tricked us . 
  kebab did not fall for it the second time around . 
  green pants . 
  as a turk , i truly wish the west would wipe out the fucking isis . 
  our hearts are with you . 
  stay strong . 
  that 's exactly what the teasers are telling us basically . 
  he 's not . 
  apparently he 's on vacation in marmaris . 
  you seem to have a very juvenile understanding of sociological matters . 
   literally run on slavery, 
  source ? 
  he * was * in the country , in marmaris . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the instrumental version is also on spotify . 
  do n't know about apple music . 
  it wo n't matter . 
  whooosh, 
  you do realize they 're downvoting it not because you 're exposing some truth but because you failed to grasp the sarcasm of the comment you 're replying to ? 
   fucked * up, 
  who said anything 's wrong with it ? 
  facebook up , delete gym and hit a lawyer . 
  does n't need to have led any riots . 
  being involved in one is usually sufficient . 
  it 's not like you can do anything else anyway, 
  who gives a shit about the eu ? 
  you do realize they have the 2nd strongest army in nato ? 
  good job , captain, 
  bitterness is in my blood now . 
  * whispers *, 
  nightcrawler is the best movie that 's ever made, 
  anything by audio technica . 
  grados are also really popular among metalheads due to their powerful midrange and quality drivers . 
  he said clean guitars not clean vocals . 
  dae smoking is the most evil thing one can do and smokers are delusional ? 
  holy shit . 
  me neither . 
  far worse things happened to the ottoman empire and they managed to survive for 600 years . 
  holy shit . 
  this is great . 
  never thought about it like that before . 
  a girl has no name . 
  i once had to pee in the trash bin because i had a fever and was hallucinating the trash bin to be the toilet . 
  see stronk girl --  dick go ^, 
  it 's a parody . 
  judge dredd ? 
  are you 14 years old and just getting into movies ? 
  i mean , that 's your interpretation . 
  there 's no indication that was op 's intention while posting . 
  judging from his comments , he seems to think this scene is * literally * brutal . 
  nice . 
  exactly . 
  he 's not a dj . 
  aka `` i 'm an idiot who does n't know the difference between a dj and a virtuoso guitar player and i 'm just going to be obnoxiously condescending to conceal it '', 
   at 172 points, 
   `` goddam this comment blew up '', 
  what ?
