  soad is pretty metal . 
  not death metal but they 're heavier than hard rock , so yeah . 
  metal . 
  nu-metal maybe . 
  as for tool ... what 's vague about them ? 
  they 're progressive metal . 
  lateralus is like a pioneer in that genre . 
   ok , op is not the only idiot here . 
   wow , really you can with absolute certainty tell that soad is not death metal ? 
  your mom must be proud . 
  you know , upon reading this , i went `` oh , ok . a pissed off teenage kid . 
  color me surprised . '', 
  but then i saw this ... 
   tool is a rock band that tried to be original when they started , now it 's just pop music like everything else . 
  ... and now i 'm convinced you 're a total fucking moron . 
  lol . 
  nice try . 
  between the buried and me - colors, 
  lamb of god - ashes of the wake, 
  mastodon - crack the skye, 
  that was heartfelt . 
  i may not agree with some things he did/said but i wo n't deny that he is a very sincere man . 
  i 'm sure someone else will point you to some classic bands you should listen if you want to get into metal but i just want to say , i have a couple of friends who listen nothing but edm and they all loved ** tesseract ** for some reason . 
  i find that interesting . 
  they 're anything but traditional and sound like no other metal band ( they 're drastically different than classics ) but the clean vocals and flawless production could interest you ... 
  i would recommend [ nocturne ] ( http://youtu.be/get0cxossxg ) as a first listen , it sums up what the band is about in one song . 
  they 're not ? 
  you would think 2001 : a space odyssey would appear frequently on these lists . 
  why the fuck are you pasting the same reply to everyone, 
  you do realize you could just post it as a comment instead of having to reply to everyone ... 
  i 've had severe insomnia for 4 years now . 
  i do n't / ca n't sleep . 
  i 'm a smoker . 
  i do n't exercise ... at all . 
  i 've only been eating cup noodles and god-knows-what-else for what feels like eternity . 
  this is only the 5th week of spring semester but i 've already skipped so many classes and as far as homeworks and assignments go , i 'm so far behind i wonder if i can recover at this point ( i probably can ... whether i * will * is another question ) . 
  my girlfriend moved out - and took the cat with her . 
  i have n't felt this lonely my whole life . 
  she did n't cheat on me but i found out that she likes this other guy and that makes me feel like shit . 
  that said , i do n't miss her as much as i miss the cat . 
  that cat was my source of happiness . 
  i have a couple of friends but i just do n't feel like going out . 
  i 've become a recluse . 
  a lazy , cynical , grumpy recluse that i do n't even like seeing myself in the mirror . 
  i hate that guy . 
  i wonder how i 'm still alive . 
   i started going to therapy about a month ago . 
  i 'm in good shape and i exercise . 
  i eat healthy . 
  i have a good job . 
  i read books . 
  i have plenty of friends . 
  i write , record , and perform songs regularly . 
  if my life was half as good as yours , i 'd hold on to that sucker for the rest of my life . 
  be grateful for what you have . 
  your life seems infinitely better than most people 's . 
  are you really so sensitive that you care about someone using the word ` fucking ' ? 
   seriously , media are kidnapped , beaten and killed in turkey all the time . 
  source ? 
  ^ source : his butt . 
  how do you guys even remember each others ' usernames , let alone a whole argument, 
  it does , thanks . 
  i was n't trying to be a dick , i was genuinely curious . 
  not sure i understand the difference , pardon my ignorance . 
  i tried ordering just 1 t-shirt and shipping fee was $ 5 . 
  i added 2 more items ( a t-shirt and a sticker ) and shipping went up to $ 15 . 
  so to answer your question , the latter i guess ? 
   i 'm just hoping the government will take a big hit in the upcoming local elections . 
  people are definitely loosing faith with the akp . 
  that 's like my only wish at the moment . 
  does n't seem like it will though . 
  realistically speaking , their corruption is now so wide that i doubt people will be able to do anything * at all * even if they rig elections ( which , at this point is fair and safe to assume that they will ) . 
  also c. . . what kind of toppings ? 
  lol that 's hilarious . 
  turks got the city in 1453 , i 'm sure they contributed zero . 
  ... also paperboy ... 
  two detectives going to a strip bar to question one of the strippers . 
  `` maybe this, 
  * pulls out a $ 20 bill *, 
  will help refresh your memory ? '', 
  you do n't know anything about the turkish police apparently . 
  d : who 's going to win this argument, 
  ca n't believe i had to scroll down this far for blake richardson . 
  in my opinion , he 's the greatest drummer out there in the metal world . 
  guitar player here . 
  let 's do this !, 
  i would offer an argument but you 're so dumb i 'm not even going to bother . 
  you really are a half-wit . 
  if it 's new , it 's worth announcing . 
  dae armenian genocide every fucking time turkey is mentioned, 
  you take that back, 
  is that what we 're calling it now ? 
  what is a `` mostly '' german american ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm a turk and i wholeheartedly agree, 
  why are you telling me like i 'm the prime minister ? 
  he promised jimmy kimmel he 'd begin his speech with ` alright alright alright ' if he won . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  it 's like they 're human beings or something . 
  la resident here .
