  carry on then , old boys . 
  you ruined the spelling . 
  it 's ` form ' . 
  came here to say this . 
  will stay for the downvotes . 
  come at me bros, 
  [ i do n't know about night vision goggles but you definitely need a sword . 
  ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-mby3idkhmuu/tseyx-ne0ci/aaaaaaaatho/znut_hbkivy/s1600/thumbs_meanwhile_in_libya_drive_me_closer_i_want_to_hit_them_with_my_sword.png ), 
  had to scroll down to see if anyone made this joke, 
  if you were n't a broke ass cunt and afford an ipad like i could , then you would know that there is no search function on the reddit app . 
  quite . 
  the feeling 's mutual bro . 
  it 's gon na be the best day ever . 
  do n't feel bad , man . 
  i ca n't thank you enough for doing this . 
  which is enough to insult her , really . 
  i was expecting some question marks , followed by ` profit ' but you ... you 're a good man . 
  came here to find tool reference for some reason . 
  was n't disappointed . 
  you just referenced a movie for the sake of referencing a movie . 
  it does n't even make sense . 
  : bigbang] ... and this , ladies and gentlemen , is how the universe began . 
  how is draw something unique ? 
  is n't it basically a ripoff of pictionary ? 
  ahh ... 
  i think it 's pretty much the norm nowadays to use the inception bwaaaaaarrrr in trailers to hype up an audience ... first mass effect 3 , now this . 
  that said , the movie looks awesome . 
  do you know if there 's going to be a rebroadcast ? 
  he 'll need to swim in the sea of love to find it . 
  all you know about me is what i sold you , dumbfuck, 
  i sold out long before you never even heard my name, 
  your sources must hurt a lot . 
  my reply obviously wo n't be detailed as his since i 'm lower league , but i think pumping out immortals and a lot of stalkers/zealots is the correct response . 
  i 've seen hero go robo + stargate as a response ( phoenixes can lift tanks and snipe banshees , also delay the push if you can harass effectively ) . 
  having your immortals hotkeyed is very important though . 
  you want to get tanks with your immortals , banshees and pdds with stalkers . 
  zealots should be able to get marines while tanking . 
  edit : gee . 
  i just answered his question . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  why did that guy delete his comment ? 
  did he ask a question about getting hired and run away so we would n't find out who he is ? 
  who does he think we are ? 
  that 'll stay as the best game in the history of esports for a long time . 
  dat double vortex, 
  any mc stories ? 
  would love to hear them . 
  wow . 
  that guy is just the definition of awesome . 
  before the third match between nestea and stephano , he had to go to bathroom . 
  i ran into him and asked him for a quick picture . 
  he was running to make it to the game but still said ` sure ' and let me . 
  such an awesome guy . 
  i 'm sorry , could you enlighten me about the significance of 1137 ? 
  why is it so important ? 
  not after they destroy my whole base . 
  you need to chill , bro . 
  they 're just posting these to see our reaction . 
  i 'm pretty sure these are n't final . 
  thanks !, 
  to engage my army with theirs , of course . 
  no they do n't . 
  is n't that the point of any law really ? 
  `` look at those . 
  just look at those cute little banelings . 
  now i 'm going to burrow them right ... heere ... '', 
  i like this . 
  hell , why not also wear makeup ? 
  it kind of looks like faith 's tattoo ( from mirror 's edge ) . 
  holy crap . 
  i had never seen this before . 
  this was so ... intense . 
  the fuck ? 
  you realize most of us got a sense of humor in this subreddit , right ? 
  not when this daily happened . 
  too late, 
  this . 
  it 's not a fucking college paper that your grammatical errors should be accepted since you 're not a native speaker . 
  you 're replying to a law firm , for fuck 's sake . 
  this . 
  also , relevant username . 
  that 's cute . 
  yeah , let 's only look at the stats of one season and agree on p being op . 
  well you imagined it wrong , son . 
  b. . . but ... tychus ' face ... cigar ... tychus ... 
  can not ... read ... 
  go back to where you came from , you pricks . 
  yeah ... chrome ... would bang . 
  well , that 's just like , your opinion man . 
  you 're so dumb it 's almost funny . 
  almost . 
  go hero !, 
  i made it to gold with this mindset . 
  it works ... in silver . 
  4chan is leaking , bro . 
  b. . . but ... nestea is gsl and he looks at his hotkeys ... is he also platinum ? 
  is he ? 
  ahh , i 've always wanted to say this . 
  i feel like this is the right time ;, 
  how are those downvotes treating ya ?
