  window tidy, 
  kek, 
  kill one man and it 's a tragedy . 
  kill a million and it 's statistics . 
  seriously she 's gorgeous, 
  or * not sad * that it has a huge fucking home and no need to hunt for food plus snuggles . 
  then again , animals should be free and hunting is in their nature and it is part of what makes them happy . 
  as for snuggles ... 
  i imagine there 's plenty to be had with fellow cats . 
  you just had to ruin it , did n't you ? 
  you 're weird . 
  * over thinking , over analyzing ... *, 
  there 's no way homosexuals are imprisoned in turkey 15 fucking years later . 
  he * wrote * that shit . 
  he probably practiced it so many times that it 's burnt into his brain forever . 
  yeah but how messed up are you to suggest they kill themselves ? 
  rekt, 
  it 's definitely more than 24 cities . 
  exactly . 
  there are n't even 24 regions in the country . 
  and we do n't give a shit . 
  that 's because euro-trash always seem to bring it up no matter what the subject matter is . 
  it 's called * cellular network * . 
  that 's what i thought too but 50 + cities were reported to have outage so 24 provinces * and * cities still sound wrong . 
  why steal a family guy joke though ? 
  is this a high school insult ? 
  because it sounds like one . 
  its name was constantinople up until 1923 . 
  shut up, 
  is n't that miklagaard ? 
  i got what you mean . 
  shit like this makes me get all existential too, 
  this sounds surprisingly reasonable . 
  :( can confirm , am bashing head on keyboard as i pray rtyuetfghsdpk ` gjqwet, 
  you 're okay with a man in an iron suit flying and wreaking havoc but you 're not okay with him landing just fine ? 
  * that 's * what you ca n't believe ? 
  so the fact that he 's able to fly in an iron suit in the first place is totally believable ? 
  that argument does n't even make sense . 
  1 ) there is no song longer than 10 minutes, 
  2 ) memory palace turned out a little softer than expected, 
  3 ) even the artwork + logo has a post-rock vibe to it, 
  i think this might be btbam transitioning into mainstream , guys . 
  not that it 's a bad thing . 
  i 'm still stoked for this album . 
  good point . 
  maybe this is more like what mastodon did with the hunter and less like what opeth did with heritage . 
  it 's not only that it 's not as heavy as expected . 
  it 's a combination of all those factors . 
  i 'm just guessing though . 
  no one 's heard the full album yet . 
  it 's interesting you say that because in my opinion , this song is the most cohesive song in that batshit btbam craziness framework . 
  compare this to swim to the moon ( which is one of my fav btbam songs btw but it 's just this mish-mash of riffs and passages ) and this sounds so ... mature . 
  kek, 
  shut up , ya twat . 
  this dialogue got surreal real fast . 
  btbam - memory palace on loop ( prog metal ), 
  cult of luna - somewhere along the highway ( post metal ), 
  godspeed you !, 
  black emperor - asunder , sweet and other distress ( post rock ), 
  opeth - pale communion ( prog rock ), 
  the ocean - anthropocentric ( post metal/prog metal/sludge ), 
  storm corrosion - storm corrosion ( avant-garde ? ), 
  i do n't think anyone can do anything to counter your immense stupidity . 
  i agree with everything you said , except, 
   get into politics, 
  yeeeaah ... no . 
  everything ? 
  all kidding aside , i do n't think i have the cunning and the ability to lie required for that job . 
  i 've seen them 6 times so far , 
  so i 'm roland deschain ? 
  those are girl hands in the gif ... 
  so kvlt, 
  you sound like an absolute fucking moron . 
   whereas heritage was not the first clean album from opeth as they had damnation, 
  that 's not a fair comparison . 
  damnation was meant to be a contrast to deliverance . 
  that 's why the fans were more open to it . 
  they knew damnation did not mean a permanent change in opeth 's style . 
  everybody knew it was just `` opeth unplugged '' . 
  heritage on the other hand , marked band 's departure from prog metal to prog * rock * . 
  it was n't an experiment . 
  turkish police + turkish armed forces , at the g20 event couple of years ago . 
  you 're also too high to spell apparently . 
  yeah but not every fan out there is following interviews . 
  it was still a massive shock . 
  no u, 
  what in the shit, 
  ur mom, 
  hey uh ... are you ... uh ... are you that guy from ... uh ... 
  nevermind . 
  are ... are you me ? 
  why would there be ? 
  it 's not like they show appreciation for their fans from every country . 
  they owe you nothing . 
  um ... how would one go about doing just that ? 
  no , no . 
  * i * insist . 
  deftones was posted here yesterday . 
  steven wilson before that . 
  and today it 's rush .
