  i agree , it is n't a genre i 'm particularly fond of but there are bands out there that manage to write songs that are somewhat ... good . 
  iphone 4 possibly ? 
  hey . 
  piece of advice ... shut the fuck up . 
  pretty sure these were all in the book ... 
  calm your tits , son, 
  you are the disgrace, 
  fuck you . 
  wait what ? 
  lol do you even lift ? 
  you know that ultra fast internet i pay $ 40 every month ? 
  yeah it 's really nice ... if it ever worked . 
   i do n't get it . 
  no ... no , you do n't . 
  edit : * sigh *, 
  w. . . what ? 
  hey matt !, 
  i guess i just wan na get the obvious questions out of the way first ;, 
  1 ) how are things going with arin ? 
  2 ) when can we expect new material ? 
  carry on is awesome by the way . 
  thanks !, 
  what do you think avenged sevenfold 's most underrated song ( s ) is ? 
  awww yeaahhh, 
  oh gawd awesome, 
  i just wan na say , i think your greatest song is second heartbeat . 
  so much emotion in that song ... 
  yes . 
  lol, 
  you 're not watching porn enough, 
  i just did and i have no idea what it is but ... 
  i like it . 
  thanks , 
  as a person considering to get the ltd version , this makes me sad ... 
  you were the unlucky one ... 
  guys , guys . 
  calm down . 
  detective checking out the local strip club to question a stripper named ` lily ', 
  a maynard james keenan biography ? 
  that 's amazing news . 
  i hope it wo n't take him 10 years to release it though ... 
  dave grohl on bass is an interesting choice ... 
  as the supergroup police , i though i 'd let you know that having beethoven violates rule number 1, 
  ... ice cube ? 
  i thought mr. 
  cool ice was n't that bad . 
  i like this . 
  that 's messed up . 
  he did teach you to be punctual though so that 's ... that 's ... uhh ... that compensates this somehow ? 
  well then , i , good sir , need to learn to read right . 
  well shit, 
  this has got to be the worst novelty account ever . 
   you must be new here . 
  8 months . 
  what ? 
  n. . . no . 
  if you have n't noticed by now , op is full of shit . 
  as much as i loved hardy 's portrayal of bane , i agree with you . 
  there are much more badass characters than bane , really . 
  not to mention the previous batman villain , joker is ten times badass in my opinion . 
  bane still was amazing though , hardy was just unlucky that he was what came after heath ledger . 
  and just because a character ca n't physically fight does n't make him less badass . 
  i mean , i do n't think anyone could come up with anything other than personal preference to indicate that bane is a badass because , well , because ` badass ' is subjective so this argument is really stupid . 
  objectively determined by whom ? 
  some people ? 
  if we were to make a poll right now to determine whether bane or joker is more badass , what would the results look like ? 
  who knows ? 
  he needs a second guitarist badly though, 
  i agree with that . 
  i was n't thinking in the physical sense but i guess when you say ` badass ' , bane is more or less along the lines of what usually comes to mind . 
  although rain 's been pretty good in los angeles this week i 'd say . 
  :( that 's exactly how i play . 
  dae look at these comments and think op is a dick ? 
  a zergling is my guess, 
  technically yes but you ca n't build a single zergling, 
  why ? 
  dark tower universe ( aka mid world ) . 
  in other news , water is wet . 
  2 ) reflection, 
  4 ) 10,000 days ( wings for marie part 2 ), 
  5 ) the grudge, 
  6 ) disposition, 
  7 ) schism, 
  8 ) third eye, 
  9 ) the patient, 
  the fighter was released in 2010 . 
  the warrior in 2011 . 
  how are they released at the same time ? 
  just ... no . 
  i think he was joking, 
  well shit . 
  i 'm pretty i said the exact same thing as well but i also deleted my comment history :( what now ? 
  more intuitive way to switch between apps, 
  4-finger swipe , in my opinion , is as intuitive as it gets . 
  a less clunky way to access siri, 
  you just have to hold the menu button to access siri , right ? 
  how is that clunky ? 
  turn note into something similar to google docs . 
  why ? 
  why make it more complicated ?
