  none are prog metal but they have prog elements so personally speaking , i 'm glad that they get posted here . 
  this is masterfully done . 
  why is corvette always shit ? 
  wow thanks for the support , asshole . 
  holy shit thanks man, 
  if you think of your penis as `` instruction manual '' , i ca n't imagine what you think of your brain . 
  why so obnoxious ? 
  oh man i miss that movie . 
  i should rewatch it, 
  there is no `` sexy '' in dyslexia ... 
  what 's with the edit ? 
  i do n't see any replies telling you otherwise . 
  plugging / r/civpolitics, 
   / r/civpolitics, 
   people who treat world politics as if it were a video game . 
  what gave it away ? 
  just ... wow, 
  damn jazz iiis . 
  oh okay so you 've seen the movie, 
  yes . 
  you asshole, 
  thanks for letting us know, 
   as of late, 
  lol, 
  came here for this . 
  was not disappointed . 
  no u, 
  iron-man was great but it was hardly groundbreaking . 
  the cat was the one that was lost . 
  it was identified by its microchip . 
  top pep, 
  maybe that 's why it 's called champions league , sherlock, 
  dude it 's been 9 years, 
  well you 're a cynical cunt . 
  not even close . 
  traffic lights are a thing . 
  hobbes disapproves of this comment . 
  shoot you ? 
  are we talking about adventure time ? 
  maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  maybe fuck yourself . 
  thank you, 
  edit : source for anybody ctrl+f ` ing, 
   would own in iphone, 
  is anybody else annoyed by the misspell here ? 
  should 've put ` serious ' tag on this thread , op . 
  i too am a master of ellipses ... 
  tom cruise . 
  i love it . 
  i really think it 's better than seasons 9 through 11 . 
  yes . 
  instead of deleting chris ' music , just uncheck * copy files to itunes media folder when adding to library * ( [ like so ] ( http://i.imgur.com/grjopjt.png ) ) . 
  next , get rid of the [ highlighted folder here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b6lywhr.png ) . 
  yeah but you would have to download your new music to that folder . 
  either way works , really . 
  the one i said will allow you to keep doing what you 've been doing for 13 years , 
  i do n't think you have to . 
  there are 9 characters in `` half-life '', 
  half-life 3 confirmed . 
  my idiocy confirmed . 
  dude just go watch it, 
  i liked the 3rd season, 
  how the hell did we wind up like this, 
  shadow zone is my jam, 
  #djent is the best metal genre ever, 
  were you looking for an excuse to use those gifs ? 
  i 'm not trying to piss this subreddit off . 
  this is genuinely what i think ;, 
  while i enjoy dimebag 's style , i really think his tone is terrible . 
  oh i 'm not pissed . 
  i was just curious . 
  you 're speaking of a hypothetical ignorant version of yourself and how it would be acceptable but apparently you 're just as ignorant now, 
  calm your saggy tits , old man, 
  haha, 
  you can tell a lot about someone by their opinions . 
  that when you have a shitload of money , you do n't need to learn how to read and write . 
  you done messed up a-a-ron, 
  djent is my djam, 
  are you an angry adolescent boy ? 
  ## a real human bean ... 
  do you not have humor in spain ? 
  * looks at flair *, 
  okay , guy ... 
  source ? 
  you wan na say that again without the condescension ? 
  `` he who fights with monsters should be careful lest he thereby become a monster . 
  and if thou gaze long into an abyss , the abyss will also gaze into thee . '', 
   he died from a heart attack on the way to an interrogation, 
  fuck , this pisses me off so much . 
  he did n't even get to serve his sentence , that prick . 
  i 'm still watching it . 
  looks like he 's not giving up anytime soon . 
  yeah i need some answers here . 
  so from what i understand , there are 11 players on the pitch who try to score these things called * goals * . 
  this is the first time i 'm seeing this ... 
  did you even watch the video ? 
  i believe nietzche said it . 
  yes . 
  can you imagine if bcs were cloaked too ?
