   was n't really in-depth at all, 
  were you expecting a 7 page essay ? 
  holy shit same, 
  for a reddit comment , it was in depth . 
  again , were you all expecting a 7 page essay ? 
  go read a book if you want depth . 
   extradited a journalist, 
  source ? 
  i facetime my family every two-three days and we spend at least an hour talking about the most pointless things and i enjoy it so much . 
  after all , your family is the closest thing to who you are so only they can relate to those particular things you find interesting , apart from your closest friends . 
  even then , nothing is like family . 
  as opposed to baseball , football or hockey ? 
  top lel, 
  do n't leave us hanging , man . 
  who is it ? 
  where in that comment does it say turkey is a part of the west exactly ? 
  thank you . 
  you lot just do n't get it , do you ? 
  erdogan does n't care about europe anymore . 
  in his mind , the economy 's doing great , the unemployment rate is gradually decreasing and soon he will have absolute control over the state . 
  not defending the man , but you are deluded if you still think he gives a shit about europe . 
   noone likes him in turkey, 
  speak for yourself . 
  what kind of stuff are you more into now ? 
  spoken like a true poet . 
  seems like a typical fanboy response . 
  firstly , airplay is n't even remotely as intuitive as spotify connect . 
  also , just because you do n't want social features does n't make it any less necessary . 
  some people like seeing what their friends are listening to ( like me ) . 
  also , from my experience , apple music streaming is n't as good and fast . 
  it streams fine , just not as quick as spotify . 
  and please , swiping to queue gesture is infinitely better than tapping up next . 
  it 's way more convenient . 
  * whoooosh *, 
  shut up, 
  you are a good man . 
  in every / r/showerthought post about deadpool ever ;, 
  - i 'm glad you people do n't work in the movie industry, 
  - so sick of deadpool, 
  - not even original, 
  - le cringe at this post, 
  if you 've been to japan , then you know it 's sort of true and this is coming from a non-american . 
  that 's hardly nitpicking . 
  we 're talking about one of the most influential pieces of literature in history , it 's a pretty huge mistake to make . 
  pretty much all electronic music originated in either uk or europe . 
  wow . 
  beautiful question . 
  that 's even worse . 
  it still makes a huge difference . 
  lol dat salt doe, 
  the trailer is very similar to fincher 's trailer of the girl with the dragon tattoo . 
  both are very rhythmically edited to the music and have a similar vibe . 
  ooh why so salty though, 
  of course he 's not . 
  he plays for bayern for fuck 's sake . 
  have the soccer gods gone too far ? 
  they know their time wasting methods for sure . 
  navas * and * oblak pulling the same shit . 
  understandable but hilarious nonetheless . 
  seriously . 
  how is this not common sense baffles me . 
  the whole point of watching any sort of fiction work is to get away from reality . 
  yeah how the fuck are we 8th ? 
  honestly , i 'm surprised galatasaray is n't above us . 
  so does human what ? 
  you a word, 
  are you deliberately trying to be obnoxious ? 
  what 's with chelsea players getting knocked the fuck out ? 
   irrelevant remark about americans, 
  there it is . 
  thank you . 
  now you know how americans feel . 
  why is `` at least not false modest '' a thing ? 
  do people not realize true humility exists ? 
  yes . 
  really guys ? 
  no `` a scanner darkly '' reference ? 
  rekt, 
  thank you for context . 
  yup, 
  ca n't do that with a browser . 
  wait , are we talking about foxcatcher ? 
  iirc , there was no homosexual relationship in it . 
   the wall of our generation, 
  lol no, 
  it 's almost like i ca n't not agree with him . 
  of all al pacino movies , the devil 's advocate is not the one i would 've gone with . 
  tell that to your fans . 
  you 're only proving him right, 
  it does . 
  it 's called * freedom of speech * , a concept you should probably familiarize yourself with since you seem to be a proud american . 
  an ape indeed . 
  in which case you will want to have downloaded whatever album you want to listen to . 
  or ... hispanic , i think . 
  you know , possibly there 's some filipino in there , yeah , possibly some filipino . 
  i mean if he - if he 's black , it 's definitely diluted . 
  i mean one of his parents must be white . 
  what the hell is jessica alba for that matter ? 
  if i were forty years younger i would plow that till next july . 
  is that because they 've worked hard to get to where they are so they know they have to teach their kids the value of working hard/money ?
