  agreed . 
  which genes are they ? 
  karnivool is hardly nu-metal and calling the deftones of now nu-metal is an insult to their music . 
  their first two/three albums might 've been nu-metal but deftones is its own genre now , with shoegaze/alternative elements added in . 
  machine head had some nu-metal influences on supercharger but you can hardly call them nu-metal now . 
  i think that 's also the case with karnivool . 
  thank you so much . 
  i would argue their songwriting has gotten substantially better as evidenced in `` sorceress '' . 
  they 're thoughtfully arranged and melodies are masterfully placed . 
  opeth have mastered metal and now fusing their metal with ' 70 's prog rock and i could n't be happier . 
  i might be one of the few who like the new direction tbh . 
  i thought pale communion was a masterpiece and the closing track ( `` faith in others '' ) is the best thing mikael 's ever written . 
  it 's just so emotional , unlike anything they 've previously done . 
  they do n't care about technique anymore , they 're more concerned about the vibe and i think that 's what 's more important because ultimately that 's what you remember when a song ends . 
  the emotion and the vibe . 
  my two cents . 
  how is it not honest ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
   listen to damnation , the album, 
  ftfy, 
  to add to this , they might 've had soft songs but heritage was a completely new direction . 
  a lot of metal bands have soft songs ( i.e. 
  acoustic/ballads etc. ), 
  but not one of them completely reinvent themselves which is what opeth did . 
  that takes balls imho , going from one of the biggest metal bands ever to becoming a modern prog rock icon . 
  just imagining the sheer willpower it takes to say `` fuck the fans , i 'm going to do the music i love , i do n't care about the feedback . '', 
  i totally respect that because that 's exactly how an artist should think . 
  that 's only like % 15 of the job . 
  do you really want a job where you 're only doing paperwork % 85 of the time ? 
  katatonia 's transition was nowhere near as dramatic as opeth 's . 
  i would say the only artist that comes close to what opeth did is steven wilson and ulver . 
  i get it 's not everyone 's cup of tea but saying there 's no plot and no change in character is very unfair to this movie . 
  it 's a story about a man ruthlessly climbing the ladders of capitalism and its consequences and the way pta complements that story with an amazing soundtrack and cinematography is nothing short of breathtaking imo . 
  source ? 
  and not the source for the recruitment of the pr firm , i mean the actual source that this particular news is a pr stunt . 
  right , i did n't think so . 
  are we talking about mata ? 
  batman vs superman 's dad, 
  slow west also, 
   european leftist dickheads of the `` have fun at the riots '' travelling to turkey and fucking things up like they did in greece before it . 
  what the fuck ? 
  is that really what you think gezi protests were ? 
  holy shit reddit , you never cease to amaze me . 
  it 's been that way since 2012 when [ prometheus trailer ] ( https://youtu.be/nmjoo6d5rva?t=2m2s ) came out . 
  that one had the most haunting alarm screeches . 
  well there you go . 
  it 's even older then . 
  their guitar tones are very sludgy and the fact that this album progressively gets slower and heavier by the song is very post-like . 
  you have riffs played at much slower tempos , huge instrumental breakdowns and the band exploring different soundscapes and an overall effort to create a mood/vibe ( this last one in particular is what separates them from strictly prog imo ) . 
  check out * the quiet observer * ( from the ep they did last year ) if you want a more obvious post-ish ocean song . 
  mastodon + isis+n eurosis + some tool thrown in for good measure . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  we should touch balls sometime . 
  z a c k s n y d e r, 
  and olcan, 
  let me guess ... mls ? 
  that 's very well put , although, 
   our end game is to stop the expansion of radical islamic groups not kurdish autonomy . 
  i mean ... * many * would claim otherwise ... 
  opeth , the dillinger escape plan , destrage , ocean, 
  all coming this year !, 
  i feel the same way about the great misdirect . 
  this is the album i 've been waiting for all year and it 's only a month away . 
  new opeth and destrage coming out ( almost ) on the same day . 
  october will be a great month for sure . 
  edit : oops sorry , read that as `` october 1st '' . 
  bummer . 
  are we calling any thought a `` shower thought '' now ? 
  i 've read a lot of stupid shit said by armchair politicians in this subreddit but yours is on a whole new level . 
  that 's the point . 
  it should . 
  you need a better grip on life if a comment manages to piss you off . 
  america . 
  it 's sebastian in fight club 2 . 
  i love the fact that my comment managed to piss you off so much that you had to go through my post history to overcome your butthurt only to miserably fail and prove my point . 
  you seem like someone who needs therapy . 
  it 's okay , though ... [ you tried . 
  gee that sounds horrible man . 
  i feel like an asshole now . 
  are you ok now ? 
  that picture where the cat is inside the bag is hilarious . 
  a lot of bluetooth devices do n't require buttons to be paired . 
  we still do n't know if they 'll work with other devices . 
  when have they written a symphony ? 
  there is no crescendo at the beginning of this song . 
  crescendo is a lenghty build-up , i fail to see it in anywhere in this song . 
  `` fossil genera '' has a great example of a crescendo towards the middle . 
  so what exactly is the best audio standard for a phone ? 
  a symphony , though ? 
  which one 's the symphony on colors ? 
  symphonies are scored for the orchestra . 
  there is no symphony in colors . 
  symphonies are scored for the orchestra . 
  in colors , there is no symphony . 
  if you 're talking about the danny elfman part in the middle of sun of nothing , yeah i guess you could call that a symphony . 
  but colors as a whole like you said is * not * a symphony . 
  yup . 
  sorry you had to be schooled . 
  heavy on resources ( battery and cpu ) .
