  as evidenced in your name, 
  this particular thread makes me want to punch myself in the face . 
  do n't worry , you will in college . 
  the count of tuscany , a change of seasons and home follows . 
  no kidding . 
  they nailed everything ( except watson i guess ) . 
  especially in tibet ... 
  oh this thread surely has some insightful and thoughtful comm --, 
  * slowly creeps back off the thread *, 
  but will she ? 
  disease , injury , madness - between the buried and me, 
  yeah but the title of the album is ` last known photographs ', 
  i sure fucking hope so . 
  the place is n't screwed up , it 's the government . 
  get off your high fucking horse . 
  i agree . 
  although you have to give it to him , kicking a pm 's car , in * any * country ... that takes balls of steel . 
  more like vomit out of his penis amirite, 
  i like this novelty account . 
  can i also get a compliment ? 
  you 're a cynical one . 
  what does that even mean, 
  would n't that be considered a middle-eastern-ish riff ? 
  or mideastern-doom ? 
   it uses european instruments ( well , the electric guitar is n't , but it 's based on the guitar ), 
  and guitar in turn is based on the mandolin and oud , so technically guitar is n't a european instrument . 
  ... but yeah , it 's a cool riff . 
  besides , saudi arabia and united arab emirates are different places . 
  people often confuse the two . 
  is it though ? 
  i kid , i kid ( it totally is ), 
  so uh ... 2033 ? 
  i 'll be 43 by then ... and they 'll be 70 . 
  could be worse i guess ... 
  no , it 's superman, 
   oh , and with his screenplay advance he bought back his dog for 30x the original price and gave the guy a cameo in rocky . 
  do you know how to read, 
  the fuck is going on here, 
  holy shit is this true ? 
  i just fucking squinted . 
  title level : retard . 
  n. . . no . 
  the word `` martyr '' ( turkish : * \u015fehit * ) has no religious connotation * at all * . 
  i 'm a transplant and i can honestly say i used to be a much calmer driver . 
  this place has turned me into a monster . 
  ... i 'm loving every second of it . 
  why caps tho, 
  if there was a scale of one to even , i ca n't, 
  american beauty, 
  i disagree with everything you just said but `` techno jesus '' is hilarious, 
  my first thought and i had to scroll down this far . 
  ... either we 're twisted in the head or people are too innocent . 
  i must 've driven my ex crazy by playing this one on repeat for a week in the car . 
  is n't that west la though ? 
  there is nothing in that song that should make a human being go ` woah ' . 
  one of their more mediocre songs . 
  source : former a7x fan, 
  i for one have heard so much about crowbar 's ` slow , crushing riffs ' but never knew where to begin . 
  thanks for the help . 
  i did read the sidebar and being familiar with the blacklisted bands , i figured making a self post would be easier to get recommendations . 
  appreciate the help , bot . 
   itself, 
  audio technica and grado are the shit for me . 
  beats , bose and pioneer are hype , maybe not sennheiser though . 
  maybe in 10 years . 
   bugger off if you do n't, 
  thanks for the advice . 
  ht-5 is what i was thinking too , either that or the new ht-metal series ( they 're a bit pricey though ) . 
  thing is , i already have a blackstar cab , i was just looking to get a head . 
  maybe a 6505 head ? 
  they 're a little more expensive i imagine . 
  that thing looks sick , although it 's a little too pricey : /, 
  can you tell me more about it ? 
  maybe convince me ? 
  do you use an od pedal with it or is the distortion good enough on its own ? 
  when tool * announces * new album . 
  then you should try audio technicas . 
  i like grados but my at is the best headphones i 've ever had hands down . 
  when tool * remembers * they used to make albums before, 
  mostly prog metal , although i do like to play thrash/groove too, 
  between the buried and me , lamb of god , mastodon , tool , gojira , tesseract , deafheaven , dream theater are all among my main influences . 
  what about you ? 
  what was the comment ? 
  1 ) i just got into fallujah . 
  any other atmospheric death metal bands like it ? 
  2 ) i 've always wanted to get into crowbar . 
  where to begin ? 
  holy shit dat outro, 
  i think that was sarcasm . 
  edit : welp maybe not, 
  yeah , i never said it was good sarcasm . 
  just sarcasm . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  i agree with you there , moldy_queef_barf . 
  you 're alright in my book . 
  people are weird, 
  you 're right , maybe not a classic but apparently [ in 2008 , a poll taken by empire ranked it as the 159th greatest film ever made ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_royal_tenenbaums ) and it was critically acclaimed so i guess a lot of people consider it a * modern * classic ? 
  production design was definitely very eye-catching and gene hackman and anjelica huston totally kill it but its quirky humor is n't for me ( also because i really dislike mellow acoustic guitar music , of which pretty much the whole soundtrack consists of ) . 
  yes , apparently it was shot in nyc ; [ `` the house used in the film is located near the famous sugar hill in the hamilton heights section of harlem in manhattan , new york city . 
  the address is 339 convent avenue .
