  are we not supposed to talk about it ? 
  have i missed a meeting ? 
  that does n't answer my question . 
  dumbledore dies . 
  yes ? 
  i approve of this comment, 
  finally someone said it . 
  just because you were n't comfortable with its content does not make the movie ` fucking terrible ' . 
  it 's not a subject for everyone but it has a really good production value and is beautifully shot . 
  i 'll admit , the ending is pretty bad . 
  it does n't really tie up everything neatly but i found its different approach to a taboo subject that is almost impossible to be approached radically quite interesting . 
  seriously . 
  i hope karma makes her fucking burn alive . 
  i doubt those would be enough . 
  that bitch needs to be fucking burned alive but i 'm scared she might enjoy that . 
  so i can `` t really think of an appropriate punishment for her ... 
  edit : added ` fucking ' for increased effect . 
  i never text while driving . 
  this is probably the most dangerous thing i ever did while driving ( [ except that one time when my girlfriend was blowing me on the highway ] ( http://imgur.com/0qqgv ) ) . 
  yes . 
  that will remain as the only time i ever did that ... 
  i think he tried to imply that rwj 's sense of humor is so bad that you 'd have to be 12 to laugh at them , which i completely agree . 
  it 's ... 
  it 's dry . 
  you 've really got to calm down , man . 
  your approach to this issue is not helping , definetely not when you 're involved in something big as nasl . 
  you 're supposed to set an example yet you 're responding to the simplest criticism so aggressively . 
  i got nothing against vulgar language but it 's this attitude that makes me wonder ... 
  i am so installing it right now . 
  thanks for reminding . 
  stealth play in that game is incredibly fun . 
  i. . . still do n't underst -- oh ... 
  wait . . 
  is n't this called ' [ the millennium challenge ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/millennium_challenge_2002 ) ' ? 
  oh ... my bad . 
  need to learn to read things better . 
  you 're not the only one . 
  yeah it 's weird . 
  one would think it would be the other way around considering they 're relatively old compared to similar bands . 
  that 's why they 're so fucking rad though . 
  no shit ? 
  as a totally random guy , what 's happening fellas ? 
  penis, 
  why not ? 
  edit : dude just edited his comment from ` you ca n't be ecstatic ... ' to ` you ca n't not be ecstatic ... ' . 
  this fucking guy . 
  if i just write lol in response to this , will i be considered a 12 year old on youtube ? 
  lol, 
  well you said it 's okay ... 
  seriously though , why ` fucking turkey ' ? 
  edit : i 'm asking cause i 'm planning to go there this summer . 
  is there something i should know ? 
  or is this an inside joke i 'm not getting ? 
  i see what you of done there, 
  and my axe, 
  hey guy , have you noticed how incredibly entertaining to watch this is ? 
  after reading the comments i 'm too scared to read it . 
  without giving any spoilers ( i might have the courage to come around to it one day ) , can anyone tell me what it 's basically about ? 
  edit : why the hell am i getting downvoted ? 
  i just asked a question . 
  the fuck is 9gag ? 
  i finally read it and to be honest , i do n't really understand what 's scary about it . 
  this is obviously fake . 
  i 'm sure it was written by someone with good ( and sick ) imagination . 
  well played , jim . 
  well played . 
  he should take his bag and jacket . 
  also , go to options and turn on the ` show context ' option . 
  it shows the corresponding hotkey on the unit picture . 
  it would have been enough if you just said ` what the fuck does age have to do with video games ? ' . 
  that would have been be more to the point . 
  this just seems pointless . 
  i 'm about to press it now . 
  oh god ... 
  wish me luck ... 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  really , reddit ? 
  we 've come to this ? 
  just saying ' :d ' as a comment ? 
  i wish i waited to buy arkham city . 
  now i feel like an idiot for paying 50 bucks for a game that 's now half the price . 
  it 's funny cause it 's true ... 
  go on ... 
  penis, 
  no love for total recall ? 
  welcome to hollywood, 
  but ... but we have n't seen the movie yet !, 
  why does this make me sad ? 
  * sniff *, 
  aylish is an interesting name . 
  the occasional cow fucking is always welcome . 
  any idea what he 's been up to after calvin and hobbes ? 
  obviously you 're not a golfer . 
  also , the framing is really bad . 
  he used to be a pro player , you know . 
  come to think of it , he still is . 
  he was in limbo , where supposedly there is no concept of time . 
  a friend of mine does only 6 pool . 
  every single game . 
  last week he was gold , now he 's platinum top 8 .
