  this is cool . 
  if you guys do n't have passionate nerd sex , i 'm gon na be sorely disappointed . 
  actually no , that is n't a proven fact . 
  how is it an adoption if you paid for it ? 
  the whole album sounds like something off of hands can not erase ? 
  i do n't hear it . 
  exactly . 
  did you even read it ? 
  are we talking about the whole album or a particular track ? 
  i agree , he 's a good producer but this does n't sound like his producing work at all . 
  have you listened pale communion ? 
  that album summarizes his style perfectly . 
  guitars are less in-your-face , drums are mixed in a more acoustic style and the vocals are not panned dead-center ( they act as another instrument so they 're not mixed in the foreground ) . 
  there is a reason he does n't do mixing work for american bands because they do n't fit his style at all . 
  what 's with the downvotes ... you got a point . 
  you do realize to recall , you first have to, 
  1 ) go to your nexus, 
  2 ) select the mothership, 
  3 ) press r, 
  4 ) click on the nexus, 
  right ? 
  that 's two more steps than what you have to do to do a hot pickup - which is, 
  1 ) select army, 
  2 ) click on the medivac, 
  i wonder what the deal is with velvet and purple smoke, 
  * my last exhale is purple smoke, 
  knees crashed down on velvet ropes *, 
  what do they mean ? 
  ** numbers , mason !, 
  what do they mean ? 
  my screen is n't big so i have to go to my nexus . 
  also , there is equal risk in both of them . 
  on medivacs , you have to target them to kill them . 
  you also have to target the mshipcore to kill . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  so yeah . 
  i find it funny you think ;, 
   doing a pickup takes significantly more skill than clicking a button and pressing a thing, 
  wow , ok . i actually thought this discussion was about to go somewhere , but you turned out way more retarded than i expected . 
  you idiot . 
  dae toss designed terribly 1a op race ? 
  blizzard pls, 
  dude , you just called protoss a terribly designed race . 
  that tells me a lot about the sort of mentality i 'm dealing with here . 
  look at the statistics if you do n't think they 're not balanced . 
  let me guess what you 're thinking right now ; `` i never said toss was imba , i just said they 're terribly designed . '', 
  no , they 're not because if they were the game would n't be balanced . 
  do you get that ? 
  dude , thanks for this . 
  * tips chainmail *, 
  hoooly crap, 
  pretty sure ants of the sky is about airports , flying and planes in general . 
  surprised i had to scroll this far down to see munitio headphones ... 
  that 's usa-uk film . 
  `` once upon a time in anatolia '' and `` winter sleep '' ( especially ) are masterpieces . 
  is n't that a canadian film ? 
  is n't it about the ocean/pirates or something ? 
  are you 16 years old ? 
   i 'd bet that at least 75 % of turks are unaware of climate change, 
  what a stupid fucking thing to say . 
  this looks photoshopped, 
  he founded steam . 
  yes !, 
  this is my favorite part of rapid calm . 
  but, 
  my favorite * song * has to be king queen . 
  the one i also want to attend . 
  / r/techsupport, 
  / r/apple, 
  really ? 
  no contortionist ? 
  they 're probably the most similar band to btbam . 
  try `` the language '', 
   keep defenders off of him, 
  i think we all know suarez is better at this, 
  hmm , yes . 
  the last straw was not hilton , kardashian or bieber but schumer ... 
  chess is considered a game . 
  not a sport . 
  ^ ^ shhh ... ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ disrupt ^ ^ the ^ ^ anti-turkey ^ ^ circlejerk, 
  turkey is helping isis !, 
  turkey should be kicked out of nato !, 
  you 're right . 
  he was even better . 
  how 's the 8th grade going ? 
  or it 's a she, 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  that 's cute, 
  well , this was unnecessary . 
  you do n't even know my opinion on esports . 
  i never said i disagreed . 
  whooops there it is, 
  not mastodon, 
  nothing is impossible, 
  hmm yes , that 's the reference . 
  merf, 
  dude , i 'm totally with you . 
  protoss is fucked in lotv . 
  and this was supposed to be * our * expansion pack ... 
  same .
