  i 'm in the film industry too so i know running into celebrities at vons or something is n't really surprising . 
  i saw sam rockwell at at&t the other day and no one even cared . 
  no , pretty sure he said he hopes she 's wrong . 
  haha was it at a movie or something ? 
  i would 've nearly peed my pants too , she 's beyond pretty . 
  wow . 
  great catch . 
  that 's way too dramatic and over-the-top for a show like this . 
  i do n't think it was a threat . 
  he just meant that he saved his ass that time so he owes him . 
  what ? 
  how the hell is he going to afford a boat when he says he ca n't even afford the databases ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  sex, 
  that actually makes perfect sense . 
  i would thank you , but you 're a cunt so go fuck yourself . 
  people seem to think this is civ 5 or something . 
   tinfoil wearing asshat who looks so deeply for hidden meanings in this show that he ca n't even pay attention to what 's actually happening on the screen . 
  where does it suggest that i do such thing ? 
  i was just trying to understand your reasoning behind why you thought it was marty 's boat . 
  stop being an insufferable cunt . 
  what do you think this is ? 
  a fucking video game ? 
  motherfucker we 're talking war here . 
  that album cover looks like a cheap rip-off of metropolis , pt . 
  2 : scenes from a memory, 
  that is very heartfelt wish . 
  you seem like a good person . 
  though hardly anyone considers him a legend ; paul waggoner . 
  man has the chops to play any style . 
  come on turkey , recognize at least one genocide . 
  i think this is it . 
  it was set up to e standard . 
  hmm . 
  11s will do then ? 
  i enjoy playing a variety of styles so i do want to be able to adjust the tuning at my pleasure ( say , from e standard to drop c to c # standard ) . 
  so my only solution would be to get another guitar ? 
  the neck seems straight ( not that i can tell the difference between bowed and straight ) . 
  i ca n't afford another guitar at the moment but that sounds like sound advice . 
  the intonation does n't look off at the moment . 
  maybe i 'll try adjusting the neck . 
  this helps immensely . 
  i 'll have it set up for c # standard then use a capo . 
  thanks a lot . 
  yeah unless money is not an issue ... which it is for me at the moment haha although 13 's sound like quite the hassle to tune, 
  i 'm getting hungary !, 
  alright , i laughed . 
  how is he past his peak ? 
  interstellar 's supposed to be his 2001 : a space odyssey, 
  i have n't seen the film , yeah , but i have read the first draft . 
  i can tell you , it 'll be bigger than inception . 
  inception was n't a mess , it just had some poorly executed parts but overall it was a great movie . 
  shitty writing is 47 ronin or perks of being a wallflower , not inception . 
  it 's not an order . 
  it 's a request . 
  they 're an ally , not a colony, 
  holy shit . 
  the amount of misinformation and ignorance in your reply is astounding, 
  dimarzio x2n ( bridge ) and liquifire ( neck ) . 
   greek, 
  i figured . 
  you mean santaveda ? 
  hmm yes . 
  i also watched the video, 
  yeah i also made the mistake of reading the whole document . 
  a good time was not had . 
  i 'm more of a jazz iii and 11s man myself . 
  to be fair , a7x was ok with waking the fallen, 
  i want to believe, 
  you do n't need a source to agree with that . 
  what are they going to do , release another album in their ' 60 's ? 
  besides , maynard 's so done with tool , you can tell . 
  uhh ... 
  they 're playing two shows in la in may with puscifer, 
  i guess we 're popular now ... 
  adam jones of tool . 
  is ... is that shia labeef ? 
  turkey was neutral . 
  if they see germany is going to win the war , why not join them ? 
  uhh ... do you even know bulgaria and romania ? 
  `` sorry , we 're closed because i 'm busy doing my nails '', 
  sad thing is , it 's not even clever . 
  rust ? 
  gee , you guys sure are grumpy ... 
  that was 22 years ago . 
  edit : non-existent math corrected, 
  you sound like a dick yourself, 
   i seriously think you 're turkish and a fan of erdogan the dictator . 
  just because he does n't share your opinion does n't mean he 's a fan of erdogan . 
  your reasoning is extremely stupid . 
  i hate erdogan with a passion but / u/caro-kann has a point , you know . 
  erdogan * did * make life easier for the conservative . 
  this whole country 's like an absurd comedy movie . 
  that 's how . 
  w. . . what the fuck ... 
   yeah , if you could ** just go ahead and ** provide some reasons and maybe some sources for why you think that , that would be great . 
  ftfy, 
  yeah i royally fucked that one up . 
   the arabs, 
   constantinople,
