  i imagine he 'll get to diamond before the season lock . 
  it 's unbelievable . 
  no it is n't . 
  oh lol why did i ignore the very first comment in the context ? 
  either way , her accent is american . 
  why is blizzard on this list ? 
  uh ... am i the only one agreeing with you ? 
  i mean , aside from the things you pointed out , my problem is with vikings . 
  these bastards can hit air and ground and they have 9 range . 
  as if those were n't enough , they cost 150 mins and 75 gas . 
  like , what ? 
  as if * those * were n't enough , you can produce 2 of them from the same building . 
  yeah !, 
  edit : spelling, 
  he made the mistake of having one of his pylons support all of his gateways so when his opponent ( was it day [ 9 ] ? 
  i ca n't remember ) destroyed that pylon , all of his warpgates powered off and he instantly gg 'd . 
  this was during the beta time i believe . 
  everyone started calling it the ` artosis pylon ' . 
  then day [ 9 ] wore a shirt last week on his daily that mocked the whole situation but he was on the fun side of it . 
  artosis could n't handle it and told the designer of the shirt that he ca n't sell it . 
  edit : why the fuck am i getting downvoted ? 
  he asked , i explained . 
  :o i got the whole thing wrong lol and here i am trying to explain . 
  i am embarassed . 
  but yeah , as much as i love artosis , he just ca n't take a joke . 
  it 's a shame . 
  why the hell is this guy not getting moar attention, 
  seriously . 
  edit : [ found it . 
  ] ( http://www.own3d.tv/live/195802/_im__incredible_miracle ), 
  penis, 
  you got this whole thing wrong bro . 
  went all over this thread looking for a response like this . 
  seriously . 
  i do n't have a strong opinion on cloud 's casting but ... is that supposed to be a plea for pity ? 
  no one 's hating your casting , merely criticising ( constructively ) . 
  i do n't know . 
  why are you getting downvoted ? 
  i completely agree with you . 
  it makes me sick seeing these ` fuck you reddit , you just made cloud cry ' type of threads . 
  no , fuck you . 
  people voiced their opinions about cloud 's casting and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  it 's threads like this that 's creating all this drama . 
  so yeah ... * fuck you * . 
  cracks me up every time . 
  that face ... 
  yeah that song is good . 
  nice try , naniwa . 
  most likely the latter ... 
  i 'm wondering the same thing . 
  i listen mostly metal music . 
  would you say ad700s are a little bass-light for metal music ? 
  i heard grado sr80i would be a better choice . 
  i know right ? 
  '' * my first ragecomic got downvoted so let me remind them that i have green hair and piercings on my nipples !, 
  sometimes i wonder how shit like this make the frontpage ... 
  edit : just realized she even advertised her website in this comic . 
  speak english , dipshit . 
  i 'm still waiting for ubik . 
  the ending scene in 2001 : a space odyssey . 
  the star child and beyond . 
  the whole light sequence was beautiful as well but the ending has more depth . 
  weirdest ... boner ... right now, 
  also , the whole horizontal fight sequence in hallway in oldboy . 
  one of the greatest scenes in movie history . 
  haha !, 
  i love these !, 
  but what about mc winning hsc ? 
  this is by far the best song on the album . 
  probably mastodon 's best song . 
  and then what ? 
  make it completely useless ? 
  perhaps ... 
  you sound like a very unhappy person . 
  with life in general, 
  so you got a bunch of brood lords and pwned him , right ? 
  right ? 
  yup ... that 's los angeles for you, 
  please , please make one for mc !, 
  one of his abilities should be ` perfect ffs ' . 
  maybe it could be the ` murlock ' , i do n't know . 
  but he should definetely be a champion !, 
  is it a black couch ? 
  if it is , i have some bad news for you ... 
  yeah , i love how he played around with words . 
  that 's some intelligence there . 
  how many times are you going to post in this thread ? 
  you seem to have a lot of hate for incontrol . 
  what did he do to you ? 
  you seem like a very unhappy person with life in general . 
  it makes me sad , really . 
  i agree with the ` you do n't need it to enjoy it ' part since its a competitive sport . 
  it can be enjoyed by just spectating as well . 
  but no , it 's not probably best if you do n't by it . 
  it is best if you buy it * and * enjoy it . 
  that justifies you not donating any money how ? 
  i am not circumsized but i am informed enough to know that circumcision helps reduce the risk of stds by a huge percentage . 
  why are you getting downvoted ? 
  how is what you said * not * constructive criticism ? 
  wait what ?
