  as much as i love mjk , robert plant is just mind-blowingly good on this song . 
  whoa source ? 
  that book is the most harrowing , depressing and scary mindfuck book i have ever read . 
  absolute rollercoaster . 
  it 's not the finished version , ca n't you tell from the green screen ? 
  you 're missing out . 
  that . 
  was . 
  unbelievable . 
  had an eargasm . 
  amazing effort from both yourself and the orchestra !, 
  what other songs have you considered arranging ? 
  i 've donated to your kickstarter . 
  fitting name for the album !, 
  tape a - five and a half cabbage hallway, 
  not really , no, 
  holy shit even the stools are where i imagined they are . 
  this is exactly what i had in mind . 
   did i miss something ? 
  your sense of humor apparently . 
  i mean ... out of the furnace or a violent year did n't get that much exposure at all . 
  casting an a-list actor has only so much influence on exposure . 
  the best written villain is the one that does n't realize or think he 's the villain . 
  walter white - breaking bad, 
  the warden - shawshank redemption ( because he 's absolutely terrifying ), 
  tyler durden - fight club, 
  blair witch - the blair witch project ( because she 's never seen ), 
  bill - kill bill ( good example of a compassionate villain ), 
  francis underwood - house of cards ( the best machiavellian villain - my personal favorite ), 
  randall flagg - dark tower, 
  pretty sure the protagonist is jamie foxx in collateral . 
  so maynard kinda helped write killing in the name ? 
  man 's unstoppable . 
  i never said it 's because he 's the good guy . 
  he is the protagonist nonetheless . 
  he just is . 
  to add to that , the reason he got the best supporting actor nod is because he was n't an a-list star yet . 
  make no mistake though , he * is * the leading character in collateral . 
   edit : yes , down-vote me you stupid black-mustachioed wife-beaters !, 
  i curse your baclava !, 
  ahh , the classic `` i pretend not to care about your downvotes but care enough to comment on it '' edit . 
  always a sight to see . 
  nice username . 
  the stage is great . 
  but they learned how to * rock * . 
  you 're fucking ** pathetic **, 
  * kid cries *, 
  i was n't really comparing it to city of evil but i think it 's their heaviest since coe . 
  the white album is definitely the most experimental in their discography but it was a little ... all over the place . 
  not bad though , just ... unsure . 
  this one has a clear concept , more mature songwriting and overall ... just * feels * right . 
  wackerman is an absolute beast . 
   i really do n't like exist though , feels like it goes nowhere after that intro and meanders . 
  `` exist '' had me headbanging right off the bat . 
  the riffs are insane . 
  i love the crescendo . 
  it 's like ... it builds up , drums get gradually crazier and you 're expecting blastbeats and then guess what ? 
  i know i 'm fanboying hard right now but seriously , i do n't think anyone was expecting an album this good . 
  man , i respect your opinion but could n't disagree more ... this album is their greatest work yet . 
  it 's even better than , dare i say ... waking the fallen ? 
  it 's more mature yet crazier , if that makes sense . 
  well then you 're in luck because apparently there are 7 more tracks to come . 
  bands like btbam , tesseract , destrage , the ocean and a bunch of others have been carrying the torch imho these last few years . 
  i 'm not saying a7x is a progressive metal band ... `` the stage '' however , is a pretty straightforward progressive metal album . 
  also , the term `` progressive '' is not a genre by itself , mind you . 
  so while i do get where you 're coming from with this ;, 
   if every djent-core band a7x are considered progressive now i do n't even know what to think . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  a7x have always had progressive elements in their music , specifically in waking the fallen and city of evil . 
   like , dream theater stopped being progressive around scenes from a memory . 
  city of evil ? 
  anyone ? 
  well , a band does n't really need to shatter your expectations to be considered prog . 
  octavarium is a very well-written prog song . 
  it 's also unique in its structure and concept ( in that it all comes back full circle - the references to prog music in general and how it quotes each song from the album ) . 
  amazing orchestra work too . 
  i do n't know man . 
  just because you do n't find octavarium * that * original does n't mean dt stopped being progressive around scenes from a memory . 
  total shame i did n't get to see them live before they decided to call it quits . 
  they 're such a special band to me . 
  one of my all time favorites . 
  for anyone curious , agalloch is now split into two bands , [ pillorian ] ( https://www.facebook.com/pillorian/?fref=ts ) ( with john haughm and ex-members of uada and maestus ) and [ kh\u00f4rada ] ( https://www.facebook.com/khorada/?fref=ts ) ( rest of the ex-agalloch line-up and john gregory of giant squid ) . 
  both bands are supposed to release their debuts in 2017 . 
  it was 2014 . 
  not where he is . 
  iii : trauma was a letdown for me after aokigahara . 
  and for deafheaven , i would 've gone with new bermuda . 
  / u/hewalker91 , you should also check out alcest . 
  they just released an incredible album ( kodama ) . 
  no one does blackgaze/post-black better than alcest imho . 
  it 's just one match . 
  calm your tits . 
  ... and beyond , i imagine . 
  it 's a tool song reference . 
  are you repulsed by quality music by any chance ? 
  shitty loneliness clone . 
  hey man , kind of a late reply but a7x was doing an ama earlier and regarding those blastbeats and snares , they said this :, 
   as for the blast beats there is snare in there , but we chose a ghosted snare because we felt it sounded better and did n't take away from what was going on musically . 
  ive never seen a drummer with the kind of control brooks has ... he could play those beats as loud and as soft as we wanted for as long as we needed . 
  it was amazing , but we went ghosted so that it did n't sound like some triggered out of place black metal .
