  no , i meant tool is metal in my opinion . 
  as far as metal elitists go , i 'm kinda glad i have n't had much experience with them . 
  meshuggah was an example . 
  it could be any other metal band they worship , that 's beside the point . 
  rekt, 
  how has no one said keira knightley yet . 
  well shit . 
  she used to be . 
  * peni, 
   in every country ever money  everything . 
  sad but true . 
  go back now , these comments are fucking terrible . 
  it 's the solo at the end that does it for me . 
  holy shit . 
  for years ... decades ... 
  i 've been wanting to find out what that was ... 
  i love you stranger, 
  i always thought it was because i might have been allergic to the sun ... 
  the 1960 united nations resolution 1514 ( xv ) labeled foreign imperial rule `` a denial of fundamental human rights , '' that no power would admit to being one . 
  [ source ] ( http://blog.oup.com/2012/09/is-america-an-empire/#sthash.tfrp0soa.dpuf ), 
  how high are you ? 
  dude , i did the weirdest things on ambien . 
  that shit 'll fuck you up . 
  i do n't recognize any of these fucking celebrities, 
  you just made a terrible mistake . 
  `` what is this , gamestop ? '', 
  just to be clear , i am also an atheist but ruining that beautiful comment with `` lel afterlife does n't exist you morons '' is just being an asshole . 
  it 's sad you grew up to be a bitter lonely cunt . 
   story, 
  it 's supposed to be just that . 
  i do n't think anyone believes that there literally is a rainbow bridge . 
  killing himself ? 
  hey guys !, 
  tiger guy here . 
  can i join ? 
  learn to swim , i 'll see you down in arizona bay, 
  far more famous ? 
  lol . 
  soo ... the plot of inception ? 
   some, 
   only one, 
  is it really prog though ? ^ ^ pleasedo n'tkillme, 
  i truly have no idea , i was just asking . 
  i guess i got caught up in the whole ` meshuggah is djent ' thing but i still have no idea whether djent is actually considered a genre now . 
  but yeah , as far as actually progressing the genre , meshuggah is definitely prog-metal , which is what progressive metal is really about . 
  your reply suggests a rather pragmatic approach to what progressive metal is . 
  i am genuinely curious though , is it a generally accepted fact that meshuggah is progressive ? 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  sometimes my mind likes to associate prog metal with bands that incorporate a lot of `` clean '' passages , experimental sections etc. 
  but i often forget that the true meaning of progressive is * actually progressing the genre * , which in this case meshuggah definitely is . 
  * somethingsomethingrises *, 
  norcal weed is much better ( this coming from someone who lives in la ), 
  y' all mothafuckas need some heavy fucking metal here, 
   the bottom one is a shop, 
  oh , so the others are real ? 
  i 'd love to hear the story behind your username, 
  darude - sandstorm, 
  is it because the id ones are hybrids ? 
  why ? 
  is it a requirement ? 
  all of us ? 
  get an se custom 24 !, 
  wow that was strangely affectionate . 
  yes please !, 
  seems like it 's not on their website anymore . 
  any ideas where i can find it ? 
  oh man , have n't seen blindside 's name anywhere on reddit . 
  sorta brings back memories ... 
  no order ;, 
  between the buried and me - the great misdirect, 
  between the buried and me - colors, 
  lamb of god - ashes of the wake, 
  everyone disagrees with me when i say hearts alive is mastodon 's masterpiece . 
  feels good to see others thinking the same . 
  are you me ? 
  because add lamb of god and btbam in there and you 're my twin . 
  i like all the replies but i feel like sushi is also a huge part of la cuisine . 
  we got the best sushi in north america hands down . 
  yeah it 's either hearts alive or the czar . 
  harvey dent, 
  that ... that 's not a movie ... 
  edit : as cinematic as it may be , it 's still not a movie guys ... sorry, 
  it is n't incredible . 
  how does this shit even have any upvotes ? 
  you 're a douche . 
  you do realize i 'm not the same person ... 
  as cinematic as it may be , it 's still a video game, 
  not really . 
  graphic novels have screenplays too but you do n't go around calling them ` movies ', 
   games are an art form that has n't completely been spoiled by corporate greed . 
  hahahahaha, 
  uh , not really . 
  i never said it was terrible . 
  i just said it 's not incredible . 
  oh my fucking god why did i laugh so hard at this, 
  what in the shit, 
  lol, 
  exactly . 
  d\u00f6ner is turkish . 
  yeah , they 're kinda overrated,
