  steven wilson, 
  lamb of god, 
  between the buried and me, 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  y' all motherfuckers need jesus, 
  rekt, 
  i almost choked on my pizza, 
  you do realize he was kidding ... 
  more like neither because the us does n't really exist in this scenario, 
  that was fucking awesome, 
  are you looking for clean parts with violins specifically ? 
  if not , opeth is probably the closest you 'll get ( since they 're also one of the bands that obviously has influenced neo ), 
  bruh lady gaga is the shit, 
  maybe porcupine tree ? 
  also , not really similar by any means but just a thought ; have you tried skyharbor ? 
  it does n't have violins but as far as capturing a similar vibe neo , they do a pretty good job . 
  [ you could start with this . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ceizylcdu4 ), 
  says the guy who does n't provide any information himself . 
  i just read that wikipedia article and there is no fucking way i 'm ever watching that video . 
  he 's implying she just turned forty . 
  oh do n't mind me , i 'm just here to watch . 
  i enjoy conflicts . 
  nope . 
  newsflash : in the world of politics , words never mean anything . 
  when this album first came out , i remember reading an interview in which paul said that telos is the meat and potatoes of the album . 
  pretty sure it 's telos  bloom  melting city, 
  all good , the transitions are kinda similar i confuse them too sometimes, 
  god i hate culver city, 
  in la , it 's the traffic court first then a collection agency, 
  nope and i do n't care, 
  rekt, 
  yeess ... let the hate flow through you ... 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  i fucking love this show . 
  was n't it 10 episodes ? 
  that 's less episodes than one season for a regular tv show . 
  * oriental * is a better word for that riff . 
  did you even read the post ? 
  lol fuck off, 
  i do n't think you know what ocd is . 
  nope . 
  you 're clearly the dumbfuck if you call that santa claus , you ignorant cunt . 
  that 's cute, 
  stfu, 
   al-kader terrorists, 
  kek, 
  nope , just someone who knows how to fucking spell, 
  i want to believe, 
  calm down , keyboard knight . 
  yeah , well , that 's just like your opinion , man . 
  do you know what happens when you find a stranger in the alps , larry ? 
  overrated comment, 
  you 're gorgeous . 
   audibly mutter `` hmm ... one , two '', 
  this cracked me up, 
  what part of the world do you live in where hookers are asking for likes and not money ? 
  youtubeland ? 
   a lot of people refer to you as being ` smart ', 
   your pretty average, 
   your pretty, 
   ** your **, 
  are you from the past, 
  seriously . 
  they can feel the warmth so they know you 're faking it . 
  old apple never gave away iwork for free . 
  how is that a fact ? 
   interstellar, 
   underrated, 
  lol . 
  good luck to both of you retards, 
  why do i have you tagged as `` turk-hater '' ? 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and guess you 're armenian . 
  dude , do n't waste your breath . 
  your logic apparently has no place in this circlejerk . 
  this is not the reason . 
  you 're just speculating . 
  it 's one thing to be annoyed at hypocrisy , ignorance and religion but projecting all that hate onto one nation ? 
  that 's what you call racism and you just tried to rationalize it . 
   adolf hitler was inspired by him ... 
  source ? 
  okay . 
  so it is my understanding that the source of your disdain for turkey is the fact that they were able kick the western powers out of turkey during their independence war and you somehow think that this has everything to do with the * recent clusterfuck * in the middle east , implying that had turkey lost wwi and the country was split between allied powers , said clusterfuck would n't exist ? 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're delusional . 
  fair enough . 
  this books seems interesting . 
  to be clear , i was n't being a dick . 
  i genuinely wanted to see a source because it 's totally feasible that hitler could 've been inspired by atat\u00fcrk 's ideals . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm actually surprised at how reasonable your reply read . 
  although i 'm having trouble understanding this ;, 
   i am disappointed at their luck in trying to preserve the last of their empire . 
  this is somewhat true . 
  but it should be noted that there are a substantial amount of turks who do not want to go back to the ottoman days . 
   one they conquered from byzantium . 
  why is that a source of disdain ? 
  * every * country has conquered their modern-day land from someone else . 
  that 's how the world works . 
  would 've saved you time to just tag me as ` turk ' .
