  do n't see why you 're downvoted . 
  this game is a work of fiction . 
  do not take everything that happens in this game as fact . 
  how is this not obvious is beyond me . 
  if your grandfather was in dardanelles , he might 've fought against my great-grandfather . 
  playing the ottomans would be epic as fuck . 
  it 's a family guy reference . 
  not really . 
  i mean , i get where you 're coming from but historical fiction by definition is the depiction of an alternate reality . 
  yeah i just looked it up , it 's from an episode in 2006 . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're serious or not . 
  must be exhausting . 
  so what exactly is his point ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's called `` depression '' . 
  bless your heart, 
  lol fucking fail, 
  xntp - leo/virgo here . 
  can confirm , am too smart to believe in astrology . 
  and * allegedly * , very smug . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  you literally just repeated what the op said . 
  wrong thread . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting your banana breads from but a banana bread that 's lost its original soul is a shitty banana bread ( looking at you , starbucks ) . 
  an epiphany by definition is a * realization * . 
  this post is a personal feeling , it is by no means a realization . 
  of any sort . 
   philosophical questions that race through your head when in the shower . 
  alright , you know what ? 
  tell me anything that 's remotely philosophical in this post and you win the argument . 
  that 's just semantics . 
  you know it 's not any thought . 
  if it was , might as well post `` i ate a tuna salad today . 
  it was delicious . '', 
  do n't fucking bend the rules to however it suits you . 
  and yeah , i 'll downvote whoever the fuck i want . 
  nice argument . 
  very well thought out , with very elaborative points and clearly constructed sentences . 
  yeah , i did n't think so . 
  that guy 's one of the biggest douches in metal . 
  fkin got im m8, 
  do we know if they 're even developing it ? 
  i mean they have to be at this point , right ? 
  lol can you imagine ? 
  in that moment , they were euphoric ? 
  [ http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/in-this-moment-i-am-euphoric] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/in-this-moment-i-am-euphoric ), 
  i want to believe, 
  idris elba . 
  never saw it with javier bardem tbh . 
  russell crowe , tom hardy , christian bale , michael shannon ( would 've been perfect ) , michael fassbender etc. 
  all would 've been good choices . 
  but idris elba has the suave and chops to pull it off . 
  now we only need aaron paul for eddie ... 
  hi , i know this is really late but i just saw this thread . 
  could you elaborate on the drapery falls bit ? 
  i also love that song but how is it similar to this song ? 
  thanks . 
  so did we the citizens :(, 
   meanwhile you cant even discuss slavery in the usa or the genocide on the natives . 
  that 's pure bullshit that could only come out of the mouth of an uninformed foreigner . 
  why is that funny ? 
  it 's not like we 're going around claiming it 's a turkish word . 
  i do n't see the point you 're trying to make . 
  as a turk , i wholeheartedly agree . 
  i just wish we had smarter politicians in power who would realize that we must acknowledge our past . 
  i do n't get why it 's so difficult . 
  oh wow how has nobody thought about that before, 
  you 're deluded if you think no one has tried doing anything before, 
  nice argument , with very elaborate points and clearly constructed sentences . 
  yeah , that 's how the world works . 
  people conquer . 
  let me know if you need more history lessons . 
  you 're ron burgundy ? 
  thank you for your much appreciated condescending contribution . 
  wrong . 
  you must be living in a nation where apparently people are n't smart enough to look at my comment history to figure out where the fuck i 'm from . 
  that 's rich coming from someone who makes assumptions about people on the internet . 
  yeah i do n't see the problem here . 
  good for you buddy . 
  how is this shit even upvoted reddit ? 
  you believe this horseshit blindly ? 
  look at his name for fuck 's sake . 
  this idiot probably could n't even tell the difference between refs and players . 
  what the fuck ? 
  there . 
  yes that 's the joke . 
  not really, 
  it does n't attack him . 
  it just stares at him . 
  holy shit reddit i had to scroll down this far to see this ? 
  # [ a real human bean . 
  nice ass . 
  speaking of playing skyrim , i should actually play skyrim . 
  like , fake real, 
   dark, 
  how is this video dark ? 
  lol not even close, 
  do they not have sense of humor in france ? 
  dis you just make the same comment 12 fucking times ? 
  wait this shit is at 6 upvotes ?
