what is this i do n't even, 
  apology needed sean, 
  you know , truth be told , i kind of enjoy all this drama . 
  in order for e-sports to become big , you need this sort of shit . 
  look at every big sport out there , without the drama , they get no attention at all . 
  all these things happening are a sign of how big this is getting . 
  i like it and i like the fact that r/starcraft is on the frontline of all this even more . 
  how does that make me a dog ? 
  haha !, 
  that 's funny cause it 's true ... 
  why does anything matter ? 
  apparently , ign reached out to liotta 's representatives and they say [ it 's not liotta ] ( http://pc.ign.com/articles/121/1211387p1.html ) in the trailer . 
  i do n't understand why you 're getting downvoted . 
  what you 're saying is so true . 
  i can see your point but ca n't help but wonder how israel would be ` european ' . 
  they 're clearly middle easterns . 
  seriously . 
  thank god you 're not a politician . 
  you 'd make a horrible one with your ignorant views . 
  wait ... or are you ? 
  so you 're saying by the time protoss gets 1 stalker out , terran can have 2 marauders and a marine ? 
  good luck in copper, 
  pvt ? 
  why not a + ? 
  hmm . 
  this only holds true if protoss chooses to go for a second stalker . 
  if it is a sentry , hell , even a zealot , that push is n't that hard to hold . 
  i don `` t understand this . 
  it 's not difficult to hold a 2rauder1rine push with a zealot and a stalker if you know how to micro . 
  the point of getting out the stalker first is to be able to chase that scv and any marine that 's wandering on the map . 
  then you get a zealot out to hold any early marauder push . 
  hope this helps . 
  thing is , against terran , if you get that zealot out before your cybercore , that 's a 100 minerals less which delays your core by 1 supply . 
  which further delays your core , not to mention you will be 2 probes behind . 
  at least for the usual protoss opening against terran ( 9pylon , 13gate , 14assimilator , 16pylon etc. 
  ) , this hurts you quite a bit . 
  hmm . 
  yes , i might have misread that one . 
  however , that still does not address the issue with being behind in worker supply . 
  yes , chronoboost indeed helps you catch up . 
  but 4gate or blink being incredibly popular , you want to save that chronoboost . 
  it all depends on the build i guess . 
  i love talking starcraft in detail . 
  makes me feel like i actually know something lol . 
  day9 would be proud . 
  all thanks to you sean ... sean, 
  i know . 
  i like blink opening or if i 'm feeling like it , i 'll just 4gate . 
  still surprisingly good against terran . 
  welcome to starcraft 2, 
  i was about to say ... 
  i meant like ... ever . 
  i 've never played cod multiplayer before . 
  i sold my ps3 years ago and i just got a new pc . 
  it was about time ... 
  mc for caster, 
  chill get out !, 
  never thought of naniwa as an asshole until i saw that game . 
  be it is, 
  this was hysterical, 
  at the end your main character is richer for the experience , yeah ? 
  nice little , uh , narrative -- beginning , middle and end ? 
  that double vortex and the audience going crazy ... just gave me shivers . 
  one of the best moments in gaming history . 
  misunderstanding did n't understand ... 
  that 's true, 
  i am a professional porn addict and what is this . 
  we demand answers, 
  this . 
  this . 
  this ... 
  this is awesome . 
  yet your name comes from a. . . meme ? 
  you , sir ... 
  need to give me a lecture about networks . 
  at least he has a sense of humor . 
  na na na na na nanana batman, 
  i. . . how else am i supposed to climb the mountains ? 
  penis ? 
  not yet ... 
  i lol 'd at this . 
  ruining your ladder experience ? 
  like every protoss you play does this . 
  i 'm sick of this ' i hate ffs ' bullshit . 
  this game is balanced . 
  maybe i should n't have been so aggressive . 
  but yeah , i think forcefields are essential in protoss armory because they have no other means of early defense . 
  i said the game ` is ' balanced . 
  as you may or may not know , in english language , the use of ` is ' refers to the present , not the past . 
  hope this helps in the future . 
  yeah ... 
  did you open an account just to say this ? 
  oh my god ... 
  i laughed ... really hard ... 
  a fact made by ... you ? 
  hey tony, 
  what are you , the editing police ? 
  this changes everything ... 
  * slightly faster claps *, 
  why would n't you ?
