  how is that his fault ? 
  pretty sure most of the world knows what the netherlands even is because of its weed policy . 
  you need to calm down , son . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  lol ... nice sense of humor . 
  how so ? 
  yeah , it 's that one . 
  i have it and i wholeheartedly would recommend it to every man out there . 
  it works miracles in minutes , really . 
  open plain indeed ... maybe open plain and a cactus right below the tiger after a few days though ... 
  plat protoss struggling getting to diamond . 
  i have many questions but due to time limitations ( i 'm writing a paper due tmrw lol ) i 'm just going to ask one . 
  pvt ; when you see 1-1-1 coming , is it just robo ( constantly making immortals ) + gateway units or do you also add phoenix or colossi into the mix ? 
  if the push is coming too fast and you have no time to make phoenix or colossus , how do you approach the situation ? 
  do you hotkey your immortals so you can quickly focus fire the tanks ( because when i do that , my immortals quickly melt to marines and banshees ) ? 
  how do you handle pdds ? 
  speaking of pvp , how do you counter that annoying phoenix build ? 
  gets me every time . 
  wow . 
  the hatred against turks in this thread ... just ... wow . 
  shut the fuck up and die , you retard . 
  as a turk , i 'm embarassed to be from the same country with you , you shithead . 
  challenge accepted, 
  live . 
  one day , when our generation is long gone , our grandchildren will look back and say ` we make expense then defense it ', 
  search for ` iron man behind the scenes ' on youtube . 
  he talks about this stuff . 
  ` le american ', 
  that 's such a tyler durden thing to say . 
  i think he was asking * why * , not how . 
  you know that this song was written around the fibonacci sequence , right ? 
  not if you 're familiar with nolan . 
  nice , like a niece without the eye . 
  am i doing it wrong ? 
  penis . 
  so the use of a racial slur can be justified by whether you know a person in real life or not . 
  that 's basically the gist of what you 're saying . 
  well , no . 
  your ignorance may be justified with lack of education , however . 
  ship . 
  i think he was referring to your username when he said ` fellow nordic person ' . 
  which is understandable , really . 
  thank you for this . 
  as a turk , i find this so true and sad at the same time . 
  we have the worst government in the world no doubt . 
  ahh ... why are posts like this even getting upvoted ... 
  this is basically repeating everything that 's been said a thousand times before ... has it gotten us anywhere ? 
  additional generic unfunny penis pun, 
  not sure if trolling ... 
  also kubrick 's . 
  if we ever have to pick the president of r/sc , i vote for this man, 
  tool reference in r/sc ? 
  what sorcery is this ? 
  overthinking , overanalyzing seperates the body from the mind ... 
  so carriers are cheese now ? 
  is this the karma train ? 
  i 'm trying to remember where this is from ... is it breaking bad ? 
  what ? 
  so more money = important strategy ? 
  while pooping, 
  and you , sir , are fired . 
  surely you mean * less * arousing ? 
  because if it 's more arousing then there 's nothing wrong with the brain . 
  she is fully nude , after all . 
  surely you mean medivacs ... 
  it 's because he 's doing it wrong . 
  you smarketing bro ? 
  reported . 
  lies !, 
  i know him irl , he does n't know the other guy !, 
  why is this poor guy getting downvoted ? 
  he 's trying to do good ... 
  what 's with the breaking bad thumbnail ? 
  i 'm a trained st -- you know what , fuck this . 
  go fuck yourself , man . 
  i thought you were the random knowledge man ... how did it come to this, 
  i actually found the starcrap series more fun and hilarious . 
  they should keep doing both . 
  sounds pretty much like every democracy in a nutshell . 
  these are amazing advices . 
  thank you . 
  can you explain this ? 
  how does it recharge faster ? 
  i like you . 
  actually that 's the only one that seems to make sense . 
  you mean immature players . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  ugh : / how frequently do you change tunings ? 
  i change them quite often ( if you can call once a month often ) . 
  about the pickups , yes , i 'm planning to replace them with dimarzio 152 and 155s . 
  hopefully , 
  what pickups are you using with yours ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  thank you for this !, 
  exactly what i was looking for . 
  and you are a dick . 
  goes against your username though , does n't it ? 
  pretty sure you 're supposed to shave against the hair . . 
  you should stop telling people what to do . 
  i do n't think you know what sociopath means .
