   fuck ... sad news ... 
  my friend wayne static has passed away . 
  so glad to have known him , recorded with him , toured with him , partied with him and had many real conversations with him . 
  ** he was a good soul who chose the wrong path . 
  he was absolutely amazing in starred up . 
  [ design by humans ] ( http://www.designbyhumans.com ), 
  [ red bubble ] ( http://www.redbubble.com ), 
  which makes him wrong ... 
  uhh , good attempt but no rule 34 reference and not enough puns . 
  good idea , decent execution but overall 5.6 / 10 aand for that reason , i 'm out . 
  i 'm not your buddy , welcome . 
  i browse all reddits , not my frontpage . 
  it does n't have to be % 100 of the time . 
  if a post is nsfw , you tag that shit . 
  it 's not that difficult to understand . 
  how is he a muslim apologist ? 
  from an objective point of view , i think it 's clear that reddit is very anti-islam . 
  if you want good examples , try / r/worldnews, 
  just got home from the 70mm screening . 
  i had the highest expectations because of the hype and it certainly is fucking incredible but felt a little underwhelming . 
  i was definitely expecting something more similar to 2001 in terms of sheer scope , which it comes very close but does n't quite get there . 
  therein lies the problem though . 
  it 's the fact that * you * are introducing them . 
  they feel like they 're forced . 
  it 's not . 
  there is no 3d version of interstellar . 
  tars ' voice is bill irwin . 
  what 's up with redditors crying `` judgmental !! 11 ! '', 
  anytime people do n't like what they like ? 
  this is so accurate it 's not even funny . 
  yeah that 's bill irwin . 
   there are way better bands that do the same style . 
  examples ? 
  not being a dick , i 'm genuinely curious as to which bands you might be referring to that do the `` same style '' . 
  kek, 
  ca n't tell if serious, 
  - be usa, 
  - use african slaves and chinese laborers to flourish, 
  - fuck them over, 
  - conquer, 
  - profit from their work, 
  you 're british . 
  which makes you, 
  a ) an idiot who clearly is n't aware that comment history on reddit is public, 
  b ) ignorant about turkish culture in general, 
  holy shit , i 'm not even going to argue with you anymore . 
  you have the mentality of a 15 year old , which i think you really are . 
  you 're an embarrassment for greeks . 
  you take that back, 
  that ... does n't make any sense . 
  are we talking about paul waggoner ? 
  that 's one of the stupidest things i 've ever heard . 
  # ** prying open my third eye !!!, 
  everything you said is obviously arguable but this, 
   godfather, 
  you take that back, 
  as a balding 24 year old , that sounds super interesting . 
  link ? 
  why is this nsfw ? 
  rekt, 
  no bidets in the us, 
  i think the question is how can chest hair grow up that far on the neck ? 
  well , you gain some there , you lose some below the waist ... 
  nice . 
  the outro solo in octavarium is my favorite petrucci solo . 
  you are the worst kind of eurotrash, 
  but i do n't understand . 
  what the fuck does that have to do with this ? 
  how ... how can someone like you even exist ... unbelievable, 
  please do n't come back to europe , you ignorant half-wit, 
  that does n't make any sense but i do n't speak stupid well enough to dispute it . 
  what are you gon na do tough guy , chase me in your tracksuit while smoking a cigarette ? 
  erdogan might be the worthless piece of shit but it 's still irrelevant in this thread . 
  kek, 
  needs more blur . 
  as someone who knows a handful legbeards , that is spot on, 
  kek, 
  update please !, 
  as someone who had just upgraded to 300/20 but had to move to another city with 50/2 , you have no idea how good you have it , although 50 is n't too bad either ... 
  dat butthurt doe, 
  the reports of corruption are big news pretty much everywhere but what separates less corrupted ones from really corrupted ones is how much people care . 
  pretty sure it was 23 years, 
  you misspelled thousands . 
  as an album overall it really is n't but creature lives is pretty experimental even by mastodon standards . 
  i agree , although i have to say stargasm is a pretty fucking amazing song . 
  i would pay to see this . 
  no , fuck you . 
  i do n't get this one . 
  eating pussy = dining at the y ? 
  what is y ? 
  this cracked me up, 
  how is this a fuck up ? 
  op video is in britain . 
  nope, 
  is it even possible to be * this * stupid ? 
  thank god you 're not a politician because the way you rationalize your points is absolutely ludicrous . 
   edit : speeling, 
  at least i can spell . 
  nice save . 
  holy shit if this is the case consider me amazed,
