yeah , accepting thousands of refugees from war-torn areas is totally not going to backfire on us when turns out ennemy fighters and/or terrorists are coming with them . 
  it has to be depression + something else . 
  you have to be quite messed up if you can wait for days or weeks for an opportunity to present itself ( short flights so it 's probably unusual for the pilot to go peeing in the middle of it ) and decide to crash a plane containing 149 innocent people while listening to the people and some crew members fight desperately for their lives on the other side of the door for 8-10 minutes . 
  anyone with an ounce of empathy towards the hundreds lives that would destroyed in the event ( the casualties of your flight , your parents and gf who will live the rest of their lives blaming themselves for not being able to see what you were about to do , the families and friends of all the people you killed ) would never been able to do that . 
  appear tough on crimes , get elected , appear tougher on crimes , get re-elected , for-profit prisons means more profit for whoever makes sure they get a steady flux of prisoners and more jobs , which is great since job creators are the new deities of our world . 
  hey , i 'd say it 's working perfectly !, 
  it 's not doing its job and the cost is greater for society ( inmates , victims , prisoners , judiciary system ) but it 's public money being spent and poor people having trouble so more private money gets made and rich people have a better life ... the wonders of for-profit education / healthcare / prison / etc. 
  now i 'm pretty sure my brain would crash and reboot if someone was hugging me , that 's so awkward . 
  some people tried bringing it to france when those free hug videos got really popular overseas but it never caught on . 
  karma only matters when you 're on a fresh account and you despair at your number not going up or going down but after a few thousands points , meh , you just do n't see the difference . 
  does n't matter if you get downvoted , if you can get a reply or start an interesting discussion , it 's still pretty cool . 
  yeah , na , try doing that to a chinese or japanese woman , we had colleagues from an asian office coming over to a conference and the look of despair on their faces when some people were going for the kiss was pretty hilarious . 
  it 's not like isis is using military equipment given by the us and their allies to the iraq army or rebels at the beginning of the word or lost equipment worth half of billion dollars in yemen recently . 
  these days , the factions using us ground equipment the most are its ennemies , i 'm just glad rebels of all kind have yet to learn how to fly and take care of planes :|, 
  true , did n't think of that . 
  and allowing the plane to be controlled from the ground is out of question since you could also hijack planes that way . 
  or maybe you could only allow partial manual control unless both the pilot and the co-pilot keys were used on opposite sides of the plane at the same time ( the same way nuclear launchs are supposedly allowed ) but i 'm sure there would be situations where * that * would become a problem . 
  has the smart meter agreed on a dna 's test or is it waiting for its lawyer to decide which is the best course of action ? 
  it 's not even a kiss , it 's some cheek on cheek action with a weird kissing sound , it only makes sense if you are used to it ( and even then , sometimes we wonder what we 're doing ! ), 
  i 'm a man , the only men i would kiss are those from my family ( uncle , cousins , grandpa ) , i just shake hands with the others . 
  from what i can see , women kiss each other pretty casually , even on the first meeting , men and women can kiss each other , even in a professional environment unless it 's a meeting with a client or with someone higher than you in the company 's ladder ( it has to be friendly ) . 
  i really wonder if men just do n't do that outside the family because it 's not something that was ever part of our culture or if we somehow began afraid of appearing gay or less manly ( you know , stupid macho clich\u00e9s ) and stopped doing it at some point . 
  if we met in a pub and you were of the opposite sex and started talking to me , there would be no cheek-kiss as it is only used during introductions and we would n't know each other at that point but even if we became friends or acquaintances , i 'd go for the cheek even just a week after and there would be nothing strange about it . 
  it can create some awkard/funny situation though , let 's say you 're going to the right cheek and she does the same thing , so you go the other way around and she does yet again the same thing , if you have any momentum , you can end up being really close to an actual kiss :p, 
  it 's fairly normal for people to have children but there is no negative stigma attached to it . 
  parents are n't expected to stay home and nurture kids 24/7 now . 
  there is no shame in having a babysitter or your parents take care of your kids because you want to go to the cinema , it 's even encouraged to take a break every now and then , you need to balance your life between your role as a parent and your life as an adult who wants to do things on his own . 
  the state is also here to help you so many mothers continue working as they raise their kids . 
  my mom only took a couple of years off when she gave birth to me and even if some companies are really assholes about it , she was n't seen as a bad mother when she started working again . 
  it sounds kinda obvious and it 's probably how it is in many countries but i know that some people , especially amongst my german friends told me that it was n't easy being a parent there . 
  you were apparently supposed to drop everything the minute you had your first kid and you would be a terrible parent if you were n't constantly hovering around it 24/7 , your career would also pretty much be over . 
  totally waiting for german redditors to come here and tell me it 's absolutely false , i have no idea what i 'm talking about since it 's based purely on anecdotal evidences but i 'm sure the way society views parenthood , parents and their shortcomings has an impact on how likely you are to want kids of your own . 
   what i do n't understand is why the pilot could n't get back in . 
  i thought they could open the door via a code or something they can , they type the password and unless whoever is in the cockpit at the time cancels it ( could be that the co-pilot or the pilot is being held hostage and forced to enter the password ) , the door opens after a few seconds . 
  he was at least conscious enough to disable autopilot mode and prevent the crew from getting in and manually start going towards that mountain . 
  i 'm not sure how autopilot works , does each plane have its own system or does the autopilot works together with other planes autopilot ai ? 
  if the autopilot just follows a set path , it 's probably a good idea to have the pilot able to change the trajectory to avoid another plane or a take a slight detour to avoid a big storm . 
  in some accidents , the autopilot received wrong information from outside ( it 's what caused the rio-paris crash iirc , the plane thought it was nosing down so they pulled up , stalled and lost too much speed ) so you can not rely 100 % on it . 
  that being said , it seems strange that it 's is even possible to bring your plane so low that you are able to hit a mountain , there should be some failsafe mechanism that prevents you from going too low ( ex : there is a 4000m mountain in front of us , you can not go lower than 6000-8000m ), 
  i know a few people who do 4 when you have n't seen them in a long time , it 's twice , then they chat a bit more , say how happy they are to see you and give you another 2 . 
  one or three is awkward , 5 is ... well , it 's corsica so who knows , they always like to do things their own way there . 
  the full name has been given to the media this morning ( andrea lubitz ) but if you live in germany , it is true that they refuse to give his full name . 
  i watched the lufthansa press conference and they refuse to give both his name , any additional information about his career or training ( there is a 8-months gap during his training so people are starting to wonder if he had to take a break due to mental health issues ) and they even refused to changed their cockpit rule to force 2 players to be inside at all time . 
  guess it 's a matter of cultural difference but that was a weird conference , they sounded shocked yet did n't to give us any info nor change anything . 
  apparently , if the co-pilot passes out while the door is locked , the pilot or other members the crew can type a password and enter the cockpit after a few seconds ... unless whoever is in the cockpit blocks that attempt ( it can be useful if the crew is taken hostage , might as well let the terrorists kill everyone on board rather than , well everyone on board + whoever happens to live or work where they crash it ) . 
  he apparently deactivated autopilot mode before going down so it 's more proof that he was conscious at the time ( his breathing pattern also indicates that he did n't pass out ), 
  but would someone who is suffering from depression want to kill 150 + people and make hundreds more suffer as they lost a brother , daughter , father or simply a good friend in such a tragic event . 
  suffering and wanting others to suffer is an entirely different thing . 
  it 's the same problem they have in south korea iirc ( or at least it was a problem there a few years ago ) . 
  companies would knew if you consulted for mental issues and there was a huge stigma attached to it so most people did n't dare consulting psychologists because it would make them appear weak and an unproductive member of the society ( family support would probably be low too ) which led to a higher suicide rate than other developped nations . 
  i think it 's fine if you have issues , some are light issues that wo n't prevent you from doing your job , some require you to take some time-off or be relocated to another part of the company , there should be no shame in having issues . 
  and it 's not like he was n't aware of who was in the plane . 
  everytime i take the plane , the crew and often the pilots are greeting passengers at the door so he probably saw the faces of everyone he would kill later that day . 
  and 10 minutes was more than enough time to change his mind so it 's totally deliberate . 
  i do n't think it 's impossible . 
  i mean , if you 're conscious , you sometimes skip breathes when you 're really focused on something or let out a sigh every now and then and you make some noise as you change positions on your chair , press buttons or something . 
  if he lost consciousness , they probably would have noticed a huge noise ( eg . 
  fell on the commands ) or a sudden change in his breathing pattern who would become highly regular as he noticed something was wrong then regular as his body took over . 
  it 's pure speculation , only the bea knows what happened inside but it 's not impossible . 
  the full names of the pilots are never disclosed at the beginning of these investigations because the press is always eager to start a witch hunt on the crew without having the full picture . 
  the bea director gave a press conference only explaining how they would do that investigation and announcing that the voice recorder was intact and the media was already talking about mechanical problems with the planes , talking about a terrorist attack of some sort and trying to decide who was to blame for it . 
  imagine if the pilot was a muslim , as soon as the prosecutor would have hinted that the crash was deliberate , they would have put the blame on him and his family would be in danger even if we realize a couple of days later that it was the co-pilot who did it . 
  that being said , now that they have proof of it , the name of the co-pilot has been released . 
  there are so many way to kill yourself without killing innocent bystanders , it 's hard to imagine what he was thinking when he took control of that plane ... 
  they will probably release proofs later but the prosecutor would n't say it was deliberate if he did n't have anything to back it up . 
  there is a procedure for the crew to enter the cockpit ( password ) but it can be blocked by the pilots inside if there is any terrorist threat so they can probably guess he was conscious if he manually refused entry to the other pilot and/or manually took control of the plane and deactivated autopilot mode . 
  confirmed on french radio a few minutes ago , the co-pilot was alive and breathing at the time of the crash , he started going down on purpose and ignored both the rest of the crew banging on the cockpit 's door and air control trying to initiate contact . 
  the prosecutor added that there seems to be a change in the co-pilot 's tone of voice at some point during the landing procedures briefing . 
  they were chatting casually up to that point but he started only giving laconic answers ( = short sentences with a monotonous voice , not sure if the adjective is also widely used in english ) . 
  man , i kinda wish we did n't know about that . 
  i thought the crew and passengers passed out due to lack of oxygen and that they died either before the crash or without realizing it but there were at least a few minutes where the crew and the people at the front of the plane knew something was wrong and there was nothing they could do . 
  yeah but despite its good ( recent ) image , is n't jupp\u00e9 more liberal on economic issues and conservative on social issues than other candidates amongst his party ? 
  i mean , there are lots of people who would agree with him but there are also a lot of people who will be disappointed when they realize how far he would set us back once elected . 
  really ? 
  wow , i actually did n't know that , it 's not what i 've heard around me and ... like you said , definitely not something you hear in the media . 
  they 've always try to minimize the fn votes and love pretending people mostly vote for them during the 1st turn of any election to protest then vote more seriously the second time around . 
  there are probably some people who do that but i did n't think people actually voted * for * them . 
  i do n't really see any difference as i 'm still as anonymous as any other user on most subreddits ( except power users who have million of karma and repost things all day long ) but on smaller subreddits where i 'm active like / r/europe or / r/france as people , it 's probably easy to recognize me after a few posts . 
  i also have a flaw i ca n't hide , i just use '' ... '' way too much in the middle of my sentences so i think people would see a pattern if they were stalking me . 
  na , it 's just that i was bored of my old account where my post history was full of negative stuff ( that has n't changed much past the first few weeks of forced positive outlook on things :d ) and i could n't come up with something clever so random numbers it is !, 
  eva green is french , emma watson was surprisingly born in france but from english parents , the daft punk are french and so is david guetta . 
  if we look into our history , nostradamus was half-french half-crazy , sarah bernhardt too ( real name : henriette-rosine bernhard , ca n't be more old french than that ) . 
  there are probably others but their name are so french i assume people know about their birthplace . 
  last sunday , two local politicians got kicked out of the departemental elections despite having enough votes to reach the 2d turn because the names on their ballot were not in alphabetical order ... and that 's just local elections , imagine the kind of guidelines that would be used to make a referendum about such a crucial issue !, 
  our politicians are already confusing us enough as it is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=julmkvvfyda ( also , if we can avoid questions like : `` would you rather have france leave the eu or stop being part of the eu ? '', 
  then it 's good :p ), 
  yeah , voting fn has always been about voting against other parties to show them how disappointed we are about their actions ( and when le pen had a chance of being elected president , people woke up and voted massively for chirac in 2002 ) but i 'm afraid it 's changing a bit . 
  look at the departemental elections , some fn representatives have already been elected last sunday and they got more votes than ever , if they get more people elected next sunday then it will mean people actually believe them and vote * for * them , not just as a way to protest against others . 
  i do n't think french people are stupid per say but ... there is a problem with the way we get information , we 're probably kept in the dark on many issues on purpose , they would n't want us to think too much about things , would they ? 
  the whole political scene is stupid , bunch of morons fighting each other like pre-schoolers , we do n't really know what they do nor what europe does , political campaigns are all about voting against `` the others '' without ever explaining what you 're going to do ( not that you are ever going to do what you promised anyway ) , media are all about entertainment more than information so nothing ever gets covered in-depth , etc. 
  the public is massively ignorant and not in any position to make that kind of decision , but maybe those who are in position of power made us ignorant so they could continue doing things on their own and telling us not to bother trying to take any important decision , 
  referendums just do n't work in france . 
  - you vote either against the party in power or to show them support , - political parties will also never agree with their opponents on anything just because they are political opponents , - the subject of the referendum will barely be discussed as the debate will inevitably turn into a battle between parties and their representatives ( the same way europe was barely discussed during the european elections and no party had any real program beyond sanctionning the left or preventing the far right from getting to the parliament ) - the last time we had a referendum ( 2005 ) , we rejected the treaty of lisbon ( which is a surprise since the only reason they organized the referendum is that they were 100 % sure the `` yes '' would win ) , guess what happened 3 years later ? 
  a modified ( worse ) version was adopted by the french parliament without asking us and it was probably the moment where they decided it was n't a good idea to ask us anything - why blame our own failures when we can push the blame on someone else ? 
  nobody really knows what the eu does for us , we only hear about it when it 's negative but i 'm not sure people realize how dependent we are on it ( my uncle is a farmer who gets financial aid from them , a cousin works in a museum who financed by them , etc ) . 
  over the years , she promised a referendum on leaving the eu , leaving the schengen area , leaving the euro and another one to bring back the death penalty . 
  that 's ... that 's not a bright future for our country that i see if she ever gets elected . 
  either that or people wake up a bit too late , vote `` no '' to every referendum she organizes and she 's forced to leave after only a few months but damn , how can more and more people vote for that ? 
  we might be bad at kicking them out but one control is all it takes for you and your children to end up in a detention center , you ca n't live years with that constant threat over your head . 
  at least i know i could n't , it 's probably really stressful .
