you have no facts to back up your statements and most things you said as if they were facts are entirely wrong . 
  wow your comment is full of disinformation . 
  the ttip is being negotiated , this means it could raise the standards of protecting workers , consumers and the environment . 
  acting like the usa is far behind the eu in these respects is also dishonest . 
  if a country raises the minimum wage a corporation will not be able to sue that country . 
  the examples you pointed out about a corporations suing countries were all laughed out of court , they had no case . 
  corporations will still have to play by the laws of the countries they are operating in . 
  the provisions that allow a country to be sue exist so those countries can not favor a foreign corporation over a local one . 
  i have never heard of a treaty that is negotiated in public because they are all about compromising and each side is trying to get the better end of the deal . 
  the ttip is being negotiated by lobbyists because they are the ones most informed . 
  there may be pro-fossil fuel lobbyist present in the negotiating but there would also be anti-fossil fuel lobbyist present in the negotiating . 
  this is democratic because your representatives will have plenty of time to review to treaty and vote on it once the process is done . 
  yes . 
  that is the exact reason . 
  putin would rather destroy a country then let it decide that if it wants to join the west . 
  this is why i do n't see the west and russia getting along anytime in the near future . 
  the west firmly believes it is a countries right to choose it 's own destiny . 
  ( obviously the west can be hypocritical at times ) . 
  i think these russian occupied break away regions preclude georgia from joining nato . 
  i could be wrong on this but , i believe having a secure border without any serious territorial claim issues is a prerequisite to joining the alliance . 
  i 'm not sure you are completely right . 
  there are a lot of immigrants from west and east africa in the us . 
  maybe not in same numbers due to proximity . 
  but they are there nonetheless . 
  it can change policies of regimes . 
  look at iran , a nuclear deal was made because their economy to such a hit by sanctions . 
  only when everyone agrees to sanctions does it work best . 
  but , i agree sanctions for the most part have a bad track record . 
  yep . 
  we just trade very little with them , therefore we do n't care . 
  i do n't even know what russia exports except oil and weapons . 
  shitty cars perhaps ? 
  yep !, 
  i am minnesotan , people from rural areas talk like her but people from the bigger cities like minneapolis and st. paul have lesser accents . 
  but , you can still tell when we say a word with an `` o '' in it . 
  have you lived in huston texas ? 
  the temp is anywhere from 31 to 35 for 7 months of the year and , it is as humid as a swamp . 
  your sweat does not evaporate . 
  if you live close to the ocean it is fine because of the wind , but if you live 40 km inland you screwed . 
  i do n't think the eu or the us are going to lower there safety standards for each other . 
  some of these worries are unfounded . 
  also there are many areas in which the us has much higher safety standards than europe . 
  the fda is much more stringent than the eus governing bodies when it comes to medicine . 
  i am sorry , that i was slightly offended . 
  i should get tougher skin . 
  may you have a brilliant day good sir or ma'am . 
  personally i would rather have our government over the governments of several european nations right now . 
  at least when the us runs into a crisis it gets acted upon . 
  sure a few dipshits in congress like to make up a few imaginary problems here and there but for the most part we work just as efficiently as most democracies . 
  sure america has a lot of problems but so do europeans . 
  just for your knowledge the us does n't have a parliamentary system . 
  the legislative branch and the executive branch are not connected as a parliamentary system would have them be . 
  i think `` fate '' is the word you are looking for , not faith . 
  right , because a language can never evolve over time . / s chaucer , shakespeare and tennyson would like to have a word with you about how you have butchered their languages . 
  thank you bowgentle !, 
  there bowgentle goes , off to remind another of the pleasures of general chemistry ... 
  tune into next episode where bowgentle reminds a couple foolish undergrads about chemical kinetics !, 
  ah yes , i remember that now . 
  chloride is an anion that forms salts with cations such as sodium . 
  he said chloride chicken , that would mean that he just put salt on it and the sodium chloride just dissolved to form na + and cl - . 
  it was an translational error on his part . 
  chloride is the anion of chlorine . 
  i guess hydrochloric acid is a salt too . 
  but its dangerous because it is a strong acid not because of chloride . 
  o my gosh , i was just making fun of the fact that the guy said `` chloride chicken '' which would mean that he just salted it . 
  i know what chlorination is . 
  hahaha thats cool . 
  i wish i could make that mistake . 
  i wish i was fluent in another language :(, 
  i know chemistry . 
  chloride is common in salt and is not typically bad for you as a normal person typically has about 100 mmol/l of it in their blood . 
  you ca n't say chloride is bad for a person . 
  oh , come on he said `` chloride chicken '' . 
  of course i know the difference between chlorine and chloride . 
  `` chloride chicken '' is that what we are calling it ? 
  because chloride is a salt , which is by no means harmful to your health . 
  unless sodium chloride is also harmful to us ... no wait , sodium chloride is just table salt . 
  same here . 
  people for some reason fear the this will allow corporations to change the laws of their governments , that is simply not true . 
  then , they say that corporations will be able to sue their governments , news flash they already can . 
  if a government breaks their own laws to favor one company over another they should be sued . 
  the eu and the us have the most regulated industries in the world , we really do n't need to worry about safety issues . 
  i think the ttip will inspire better competition among companies as it will put them on an equal playing field . 
  edit : the eu did wonders for many countries in europe now imagine what removing tariffs between the two largest economies in the world can do for each other . 
   laws and punishment are not holy , they are a human construct and serve a purpose . 
  the purpose now is debatable . 
  i never said they were holy . 
  it is not that the punishment is debatable it is the form of punishment that is debatable . 
  for drug abuse the punishment should be much less severe in some countries and those countries should focus on treatment . 
  punishment is based on the `` social contract '' . 
  would you ever sign a contract that ca n't be enforced ? 
  no , i do n't think you would . 
   but he left ? 
  at least that 's what i understand from ` living in exile ' . 
  only after having sex with a 13 year old . 
  which is against the law for obvious reasons . 
   that 's a strawman tell me , would you let any random stranger that has sex with 13 year olds live in exile in your country , no you would n't . 
  the only reason he was allowed to do so was because he was famous . 
  no one new if he was going to commit a similar crime again . 
   the actual argument was that the victim did n't want him to go to prison i do n't care what the victim think because , he broke the social contract with two entities , the state and the victim .
