  the victim does not care any more and just wants to live her life , fine . 
  but the state has to up hold their end of the contract . 
  roman polanski , broke the `` social contract '' by breaking the laws of the country he benefited from . 
  then he decided to run away instead of paying up . 
  you should n't be able to break the law of your country and not face a punishment of some kind . 
  if you live in a country , you agree to play by its rules . 
  if you do n't like the rules , leave . 
  if everyone decides not to play by the rules of society , society then falls a part . 
  it is the social contract after all , if you benefit from its laws then you have to play by its laws or face punishment . 
  i do n't want to live in a society where there is no obligation of some kind to pay taxes or to not steal from each other . 
  i would never make a contract with someone if there was no way to enforce that contract . 
  polanski broke law , he broke his contract . 
  but because he makes good movies he can get away with that ? 
   you just failed the racism check . 
  i know . 
  i was n't trying to hide it . 
  edit : honestly , i also know a guy who went to spain for two years and was mugged by gypsy . 
  maybe this is the equivalent of blacks in america . 
  where the majority just blame all the crime on blacks . 
  its completely unfounded but its so embedded into their psyche where if i crime occurs and they are asked to describe the individual , they describe normally a dark skinned man even if the criminal was white . 
  maybe that 's what people in europe do with the roma . 
  but , i do n't live in europe so i am going to take the majority for their word . 
  i heard bad stories about gypsies before , i never believed any of them . 
  how could i ? 
  those stories were just so bizarre and racist . 
  but , then i had a friend who went to europe . 
  he was trying to get his phd in some era of european history , and therefore its a good idea to be fluent in whatever language . 
  i believe he was in france at the time and he was doing some shopping . 
  while he was walking the streets there was another tourist walking next to him carrying several bags . 
  so , some random people started walking towards that tourist with a puppy in hand , when these tourist got close enough they threw the puppy at the tourist . 
  naturally the tourist dropped the bags to catch to puppy . 
  then the random strangers quickly picked up and ran away with the shopping bags . 
  my friend , said these thieves were gypsies . 
  i do n't know how one can tell the difference between regular folk and gypsies . 
  but , throwing a puppy at someone is a pretty smart plan . 
  i mean who is going to not catch a puppy ? 
  but , after that , i now am somewhat racist towards gypsies . 
  i have now just heard to many stories about these folk , that i ca n't just turn a blind eye to . 
  i already said there were hicks . 
  by definition , if there are hicks in every small town across the globe , there would be hicks in every small town in the us too . 
  oh for fucks sake now you 're just being asinine . 
  how do you not know this about your country ? 
  most urban areas tend to vote democrat while the rural areas vote republican . 
  there are hicks in every small town across the globe . 
  but they are not much of a problem considering that over 80 % of the us population lives in an urban environment . 
  i do n't know , when ever i go to the south i feel like i am in a different country . 
  i live in minnesota and just spent a week in texas , there is a large cultural difference between the north and south . 
  its even worse if you go to alabama , mississippi and georgia . 
  but , with all there is that i disagree with their politics , there is something more genuine about the south that i love . 
  hahah that guy is already wrong about a lot of things . 
  he said the cost of each f-35 would cost over 200 million $ each . 
  now they cost about 90 million per jet to make . 
  he also said every jet being produced sucks now including the eurofighter and the saab gripen . 
  he is just masturbating and telling everyone the f-16 is the only good jet ever made . 
  he is just being ridiculous . 
  edit : he is also criticising the power of the f-35 , the engines have been redesigned over and over again to the point that the pentagon is satisfied with it . 
  besides it is the technology and electronics that make the f-35 what it is . 
  the capabilites of the f-35 are still not truly know to the public so the guy in the interview is blowing smoke out of his ass . 
  no offense to italy and spain there are a metric shit ton of reasons why their economy sucks . 
  you can not blame this on the euro . 
  to be fair to the american soldiers , they know they are there only for political reasons , they know they are not doing anything useful but , if you say anything negative about your mission to a journalist you will probably get reprimanded . 
  well the resolution said protect civilians by what ever means possible . 
  france and italy took that as regime change . 
  the europeans were gunning for removal more than the americans were . 
  yeah and i disagree with chomsky on nearly every political and philisophical idea he has about human nature . 
  the guy is essentially a left wing anarchist . 
  you do know that turkey has the 2nd largest military in nato . 
  it is no pushover . 
  it is plenty capable of such a task . 
  please do . 
  sincerely america, 
  i never said that the west is blame free for anything . 
  i just said you brought up bad examples . 
  you clearly do n't know what jacksonian democracy is . 
  you clearly have no idea about much of american history . 
  i already said that jackson is has unacceptable faults . 
  what more do you want ? 
  i never said that stalin and mao represent russia and china . 
  but these countries do value things differently than i do . 
  and i for one would rather live in the west then live in russia or china . 
  not that russia and china are terrible places . 
  i would believe that the majority of chinese would prefer to live in china . 
  just like i would prefer to live in the west . 
  you are twisting my words into things that they are not . 
  i do n't think you know much about american history if you think andrew jackson is simply a poor example of western values . 
  because jackson is a mixed bag . 
  sure he was a racist , which of course is unacceptable but in the early 1800 's native americans and european settlers were in a constant struggle . 
  jackson actually hated the british more than he ever hated the native americans . 
  but , jackson is directly responsible for the participation of the average american citizen in politics . 
  so , i strongly support certain parts of jacksonian democracy . 
  mccarthy is just a bad example of anything . 
  he is only famous because he tried to scare people . 
  but clearly the western value of freedom of press allowed the press to investigate mccarthy 's claims and obviously they were found to be false . 
  as bad as trump and carson are they wo n't still believe in free speech , freedom of the press and freedom of religion . 
  other civilizations just do n't place the same significance these freedoms as the west does . 
  some civilizations believe that the state is more important and that it is above criticism of its people . 
  as a westerner i think the west is the best . 
  my values are western , not chinese , not russian but , western . 
  i would rather the world adopt my values than me adopt theirs . 
  the more people who hold my values the happier i am .
