https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhdjzcemn-8 from 0:50, 
  in italian too we say `` patria '' and `` madre patria '', 
  yes , when it gets extremely hot and dry for various days . 
  but it 's not something `` normal '', 
  i 've lived my whole life in a little town in central italy and i 've never seen anything like that . 
  what 's the town name ? 
  everyone in italy would consider not having access to water as poverty, 
  the thin line between civilization and barbarism, 
  aww look at them , fighting for the second place, 
  a chink of light upon those barbaric nordic lands . 
  central italy has the most beautiful towns, 
  actually most people buy them directly from the butchery , they 're cheap so it 's mostly a waste of time to make them yourself . 
  but i do n't know how common they are outside abruzzo . 
  great album !, 
  i would note that arrosticini are made with sheep , not lamb . 
  all we have to do is : - pronounce `` r '' the french way - move the accent to the last vowel of every word - add an `` uh '' at the end of every sentence and ta daa!we speak french, 
  what happens when the japanese tentacle meets the german wurst ? 
  not even the romans were able to civilize you guys, 
  every german 's wet dream, 
  but nowhere in italy there are 20c of average . 
  most of central/northern italy is colder in winter than most of western europe, 
  probably because norway is more expensive, 
  i suggest to move vatican city to brussels, 
  you are forgetting the region the uses arrosticini as a way of life, 
  then you should chop off your arms , it will make easier to wash your armpits, 
  the greatest villain of our times . 
  food . 
  who needs starbucks when you can buy vastly better coffee pretty much everywhere, 
  portugal 's song reminds me of this https://youtu.be/khtjnzlciei, 
  you use the toilet paper like you normally would and then use the bidet, 
  north : rich south : poor west : hot east : cold, 
  calabria or calafrica or saudi calabria you choose, 
  my province has a density of 60/km \u00b2 , one of the lowest in the country because there are the appenines running through it, 
  central italy . 
  they all go to tuscany and rome but umbria , marche , abruzzo and the rest of lazio are amazing too, 
  bears , boars and wolves, 
  germany is mountainless austria, 
  everything with `` italian '' in the title on r/food, 
  no , i mistyped it 's actually the `` gli '' sound, 
  if i understood what you mean , then both work . 
  this video will explain https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co_591_qm2m from 2:05, 
  the `` gl '' sound . 
  i do n't think any other language has it it sounds similar to the spanish `` ll '' or the portuguese `` lh '' but it 's different . 
  it 's also common for italians to not be able to pronounce it correctly and pronouncing it like a `` j '' instead then the rolled r can be hard for some people but many language have it, 
  sandwich with porchetta, 
  i 've been to molise . 
  no one ever believes me, 
  we do ? 
  i think we are one of the most friendly country towards americans, 
  the most annoying after neapolitan, 
  men speaking romagnolo or sardo sound friendly women speaking palermitano are super sexy everything else goes from neutral to annoying, 
  the good , the bad and the ugly, 
  if in the us something has `` italian '' in it 's name then it 's not italian american food does n't have a good reputation in italy, 
  ireland https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70xpynnmuz0 berlin https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igpohw6tq5a, 
  i live in a little mountainous town so they are common , but there are probably less in urban areas they were definitely more common in the past tho, 
  as far as i know we do n't have it . 
  you just do the last exam and wait a few days for the final valuation, 
  hard to say which is the most beautiful , but on r/italy foggia was recently voted as the ugliest, 
  we had a lot of great comedy in the past . 
  between the 1940-1960 tot\u00f2 and alberto sordi movies are legendaries . 
  after that we had bud spencer and terence hill movies ( which after bud died i found out being very famous even outside italy ) , fantozzi , renato pozzetto or massimo troisi movies my favourite movie is probably l'armata brancaleone nowadays italian comedy is absolute garbage, 
  cappuccino for breakfast , espresso after lunch and dinner, 
  probably this https://youtu.be/68ugkg9repc, 
  according to wikipedia the average maximum temperature in rome in august is 30 \u00b0 c , in siracusa is 32 \u00b0 c. 
  so while 40 \u00b0 c can happen , they are not common at all . 
  that 's exaggerated . 
  nowhere in italy 40c are normal in august, 
  i find the sardinian accent to be funny , mostly because they speak like yoda, 
  probably this earthquake https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1915_avezzano_earthquake but there have a been a lot of earthquakes in my region , the one in 2009 in l'aquila being the most famous, 
  ciao darwin in art, 
  what most americans fail to understand is that being italian/irish/french / chinese/whatever is cultural , not genetic . 
  and the only way for someone to `` belong '' to a culture is by living that culture . 
  if you 've spent the majority of your life in the us , you are american.and i do n't understand why you need to define yourself in other ways , being american it 's not a bad thing and you should be proud of that . 
  then it 's absolutely a nice thing to find out where your ancestors came from , but their nationality does n't define you in any way . 
  but huawei is getting more popular, 
  they are everywhere in italy, 
  from my experience , spain and the netherlands, 
  in italian the british accent sounds funny and clumsy, 
  spanish and french . 
  babbipiti booby * hand gestures * bunga bunga mario the list would go on forever, 
  yes . 
  they are typical of my region and they are pretty much a religion here, 
  arrosticini, 
  exactly the same in rome, 
  earthquakes . 
  for the italians regions the only one with guaranted snow are veneto and lombardia because there are the alps , but the regions are big and the alps are in the northern area , so depending on the location of the hotel it could be a long trip to go there . 
  in sicily , apulia , campania and lazio snow is very rare . 
  the other are unpredictable , they could be very snowy or with no snow at all.obviously the farther you are from the coast , the higher the possibilities of snow . 
  milan has probably the best internet connection in italy , so you should be fine . 
  the most popular providers are fastweb and telecom , i have no experience with fastweb but telecom never really gave me much trouble ( and i live in a little town so the connection is shit anyway ), 
  as a native italian : spanish is easy to understand when spoken , but when you read it you realize that there are a lot of differences . 
  french is the opposite , hard to understand because of their pronunciation , but written is extremely easy and similar to italian spoken portuguese ca n't understand shit , written is a bit easier romanian hard to tell because i do n't hear it very often.written romanian does n't seem too hard to understand . 
  coffee/cappuccino with a pastry ( usually a croissant ), 
  in my experience it depends on the teacher . 
  in highschool for 4 years i had a teacher who taught british english and used to get mad if you used american . 
  in the fifth year i had a teacher who studied in the us and he was some sort of americanophile , so it was mostly american english, 
  the only `` deadly '' things in italy are bears , wolves and boars.can ' t think of any death related to them tho . 
  then there may be some dangerous spiders or snakes but i 'm not sure . 
  it is.obviously i 'm talking only about main cities , there are tons of little mountainous town which are colder . 
  l'aquila is at 700m of altitude on the appenines , in the alps the biggest cities are all lower .
