  mine did too . 
  tailgunner in the raf for the entirety . 
  and he sure as shit would not ( and did not ) approve of his hometown becoming `` little pakistan '' ... which is exactly what happened . 
  what a fucking betrayal . 
   the travel ban though is mainly against the other sect , the shia muslims well that 's just not true . 
  sudan , somalia , and libya are all predominantly sunni . 
  syria is almost 3/4 sunni and yemen is about 1/2 sunni . 
  in fact , your statement is entirely incorrect , unless you 're not talking about the trump ban and / or only considering iran . 
   `` little teheran '' i 've heard it called tehrangeles . 
  my cab driver called it the `` supositori '' . 
  i posted this comment earlier . 
   i 'm actually more surprised las vegas is not on this list . 
  i work in the tradeshow industry in the us . 
  my guess is it 's probably because we have roughly a half a dozen or so main tradeshow cities ( e.g. 
  las vegas , chicago , orlando ) , and dozens of smaller convention cities ( e.g. 
  dallas , nashville , houston , reno , san diego , boston , atlanta ) , so the activity is spread around quite a bit . 
  by revenue , our biggest earners are las vegas # 1 , chicago # 2/3 , orlando # 2/3 , anaheim/la # 4 , and new york # 5 . 
  for the most part , foreign associations who make the considerable effort in time and expenditures to have a convention / meeting / tradeshow here , want to do so in a city that has lots of entertainment and is relatively cheap . 
  new york is anything but cheap . 
  to put things in perspective , our carpenter union labor at the javits center in nyc costs roughly $ 120 / hour . 
  yes , that 's correct . 
  in las vegas , our teamster union labor costs roughly $ 30 / hour . 
  so , las vegas has much cheaper labor and massive amounts of entertainment , but it 's also half way around the world . 
   i find it extremely weird that cities like lisbon are over ny i 'm actually more surprised las vegas is not on this list . 
  i work in the tradeshow industry in the us . 
  my guess is it 's probably because we have roughly a half a dozen or so main tradeshow cities ( e.g. 
  las vegas , chicago , orlando ) , and dozens of smaller convention cities ( e.g. 
  dallas , nashville , houston , reno , san diego , boston , atlanta ) , so the activity is spread around quite a bit . 
  by revenue , our biggest earners are las vegas # 1 , chicago # 2/3 , orlando # 2/3 , anaheim/la # 4 , and new york # 5 . 
  for the most part , foreign associations who make the considerable effort in time and expenditures to have a convention / meeting / tradeshow here , want to do so in a city that has lots of entertainment and is relatively cheap . 
  new york is anything but cheap . 
  to put things in perspective , our carpenter union labor at the javits center in nyc costs roughly $ 120 / hour . 
  yes , that 's correct . 
  in las vegas , our teamster union labor costs roughly $ 30 / hour . 
  so , las vegas has much cheaper labor and massive amounts of entertainment , but it 's also half way around the world . 
  it saddens , amazes , and perplexes me that so many irish flagged people on r/europe gladly exchange the yoke of the uk for the eu . 
  i think what you 're after is a confederation , not a federation . 
   my argument is that we shouldent be allocateing seats based on population . 
  i feel for you . 
  this debate is similar to the genesis of the electoral college in the us . 
  in modern terms , why should new york or california determine what new hampshire or north dakota do ? 
  or , should germany or france dictate croatia 's or ireland 's path ? 
  that 's what would happen with a population based system . 
  imho , why would you give up your sovereignty , knowing that the end result would be giving up your right to self-determination or identification ? 
  but i guess in this subreddit , everyone is `` european '' now . 
  you either go full europe , or incentive must be given to the smaller locales to willingly federalize ( i.e. 
  every state gets a representative ( s ) ) . 
  my opinion is , never go full europe . 
  that being said , from an american perspective , this will be an interesting process to watch because it mimics our own . 
  it seems like a lot of your countrymen are full europe though , damned the consequences . 
  i get that . 
  but your original response implied that showing `` non-white '' faces is a natural expression of britain having always been a multicultural society . 
  then you went on to list the ancestors that made the british multicultural , none of whom were non-white . 
   the british are a combination of english , scottish , welsh , irish , french , german , viking , roman , norman . 
  i noticed you left out pakistanis , indians , jamaicans , etc. 
  is n't that your whole argument ? 
  that they are now british as well , and that britain has always been multicultural ? 
   you 're outraged that the media shows non-white faces ? 
  britian ( sic ) has always been multicultural, 
  the iron harvest . 
  unfortunately , the detritus of war is not confined to these areas either . 
  my dad found a french 75 mm shell a few months back while hiking in belgium . 
  edit : i double checked and i was mistaken . 
  it was a german 7,7 cm shell . 
   non-muslims commit more terror attacks in the us and europe a. 
  it 's an apology piece written by omar alnatour to downplay the threat of islamic violence . 
  b. huffington post . 
  c . he cherry-picks the source he 's using ( fbi terrorism statistics from 2002-2005 ) by conveniently leaving out 9/11 , which obviously is going to heavily reduce the body count associated with said terrorism . 
  if you read further using the same report however , you will find that 2,977 out of 3,178 deaths are attributable to islamic terrorism since 1980 ( ~ 94 % ) . 
  d . if you look through the fbi statistics , it includes bank robberies ( yes , they are counting some bank robberies as acts of terrorism even though the goal of the robberies was not political , but rather financing ) , and it includes dozens of elf ( earth liberation front ) and alf ( animal liberation front ) attacks ( these are mostly arson attacks , and while political in nature , is really blurring the line ) . 
  e. i 'm not necessarily disagreeing with you , but your source blows . 
  edit : spelling . 
  interesting . 
  it 's not entirely uncommon to find a homemade `` kegerator '' with a quarter or half-barrel here ... at least in the rural midwest . 
  roughly 30 to 60 liters respectively . 
  i was referring to the amount of beer on the pallet . 
  serious question ... are personal kegs common in europe ? 
  they are relatively common here , particularly for someone who would want 540 liters . 
  does anyone know if this directive would have prevented any of the recent shooting attacks ? 
  i do n't necessarily disagree . 
  but what you 're advocating for is basically what happens on the local level in quite a few of our states , where you have a major city ( e.g. 
  new york city , chicago ) dictating policy for the entire state ( e.g. 
  illinois , new york ) . 
  i can tell you that quite a few [ upstaters in ny ] ( https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/why-upstate-new-yorkers-hate-hillary-clinton ) despise the current set up because they are marginalized . 
  i mean look at the latest [ results ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_presidential_election_in_new_york,_2016 ) . 
  either way , someone gets the shaft when you have arbitrarily drawn boundaries . 
   more logical to follow popular vote country wide it sort of is . 
  think of it as a popular vote between 50 semi-autonomous states , where each state is granted a number of electors based on population ( i.e. 
  representatives ) plus 2 ( i.e. 
  senators ) . 
  i do agree though that more states should follow the maine and nebraska model . 
  it makes any democrat vote in texas or republican vote in california almost pointless in this case . 
   even the hofr due to gerrymandering i 'll repost this comment i made earlier to someone else about gerrymandering . 
  under point b , you 'll see a study the ny times did that more or less debunks the idea that gerrymandering would have a significant impact on the house make-up . 
  in fact , removing the practice all together would result in fewer minority seats . 
  a ) [ they both do it . 
  ] ( http://www.dbknews.com/2017/03/08/maryland-democrats-gerrymandering-hogan/ ) and what 's funny about it is the voting rights act ( while good intentioned ) allowed for much greater representation for minorities in congress by concentrating them into single districts ( yay success , right ? 
  ) , but at the expense of diluting the overall number of democratic seats . 
  in other words , the voting rights act effectively gerrymandered districts to give representation to historically underrepresented groups , but what 's deliciously ironic is that it came back to bite them in the ass by gradually reducing their overall seat count . 
  now they want to change that trend and have their cake and it eat it too by ending majority-minority districts , which may stem the tide , but will also decrease the number of minorities in congress due to their tendency to cluster .
