no worries . 
  wow , it has changed a lot . 
  i appreciate the reply . 
  i guess i was there during a down time ( i lived in haukilahti ) and mistook it for the norm . 
  that being said , i really miss the meat pies with sausage and mustard ( nakkitasku ? ), 
  and i still listen to stone . 
  i have converted more than one american to their fucking awesomeness . 
  i lived in helsinki for a year back in ' 90 - '91 and attended school there . 
  i made some great finnish friends ( who i 'm still in touch with ) , but only because we were in classes together and got to know each other over time . 
  the average finn who i met on the streets though was very standoffish to me even though i could probably pass for a finn on looks alone . 
  so , it really surprises me that the finnish people would be welcoming to an entirely different ethnicity / culture / religion , when i myself had a bit of a rough go back in the day . 
  the finns i knew at that time always gave me the impression of being proud of their heritage , un-threateningly nationalistic , definitely no fans of the russians , and almost isolationist . 
  has it really changed so much , or am i reading this wrong ? 
  my grandfather was a tail gunner in the raf and survived the war . 
  he certainly did n't fight the nazis so that his hometown could become `` tolerant '' and go from centuries of relative homogeneity to 30 % pakistani within the span of a few decades . 
  most of the vets from that era would be disgusted with the current state . 
  that 's nowhere near true . 
  roughly 30 years ago the middle east alone had islamic jihad , hezbollah , hamas , the abu nidal organization , the palestinian liberation front , and dozens of smaller radical groups . 
   neither of them has introduced a muslim ban . 
  that 's pretty obvious i would say . 
  it 's so easy to flip the script . 
  if you ban arctic drilling then you support the terrorists and you hate us for our freedom . 
  i was unaware and i apologize . 
  i knew he had won his `` grandmastership '' there , but i also wonder if he gave up his us citizenship in '05 as well . 
  i ' m pretty sure bobby fischer is an ameican and not icelandic . 
  after digging into it , it appears both are correct . 
  i 've read the average citizen does n't like it all that much because [ it sounds too similar to chechnya , it sounds like a dialect and not a country , and it sounds `` too eastern '' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/25/nobody-calls-it-czechia-czech-republic-new-fails-catch-on ) . 
  but it appears the government still uses both forms in unofficial and official capacities . 
  i guess they need to come up with a name that encapsulates the bohemians , moravians , and silesians . 
  i believe it 's czechia now . 
   the countries you are talking about are legally obliged to join schengen and are being given time to . 
  i see , so you want the us us to treat them equally , when the eu does n't even do it themselves ? 
  hypocrisy at it 's finest . 
  i have an idea . 
  why does n't the us restrict travel to the countries that the eu themselves restrict free movement from ? 
  oh wait , that 's what we 're doing . 
  clean your own house first . 
   schengen countries do not make their own visa decisions . 
  you keep going on and on about how the us should treat the eu as a single entity , and yet the eu does n't even do this themselves . 
  case in point , bulgaria , romania , croatia , and cyprus are not a part of schengen . 
  what a coincidence that these are the same countries we require visas from ( plus poland ) . 
  it 's almost as if the us is following the eu 's lead , not the other way around . 
  why should we allow allow visa free travel from bulgaria ( for example ) if the eu has n't even granted them schengen status yet ? 
  practice what you preach dude . 
   the south drags down almost every stat for the us . 
  that 's a broad statement . 
  i 've lived in 5 european countries and the us . 
  i currently live in dallas , texas . 
  i can assure you , texas does not drag the country down ( at least not economically ) . 
  consider this one state alone would rank around 9th in gdp if it were a separate country . 
  shit , there are 54 fortune 500 companies based here . 
  no state income tax is nice as well . 
  if you make anywhere north of $ 40-50k here you can live very well . 
  shit , i only wish dallas could be like vienna . 
  but it 's nice that houston was erased from the map , so there 's that . 
  edit : also , wtf city is graz supposed to be ? 
   out with kebab , in with the burrito . 
  that 's more tex-mex than mex . 
  source : live in tex. 
  interesting . 
  at 1:15:20 , this is the exact reason my grandfather ( who was an raf tail gunner in wwii ) stated why he left the uk for the usa after the war . 
  his entire hometown changed within the space of a few years , along with many others . 
  it 's sad . 
  they 're `` morrocan '' to pretty much everyone else too . 
  if i asked the average person on the street to point out the dutch guy after showing them a picture of two men , one black and one white with blonde hair , i 'm fairly certain i know who 'd they pick . 
  it 's not `` retaliation '' . 
  it 's self preservation . 
  when i lived in athens in the 1980 's , you can bet your ass the greeks made it very clear that americans were not welcome . 
  the only thing that surprises me is that it took this long to reassert yourselves . 
  yes , we have self preservation in common . 
  pick a side . 
   i 'm not sure well , i am sure . 
  read the article . 
   the unrest began after algerians and moroccans stole alcohol and fireworks from a shop , frightening local residents . 
  fuck these people . 
  protecting your own interests makes you `` far right '' . 
  haha . 
  this reminds me of watching michael jordan try to play in the mlb . 
  agreed . 
  plus , europe is a big place . 
  an amphibious invasion of non-continental iceland would be a completely different scenario than against croatia or latvia , for example . 
   the us has pretty limited amphibious landing capabilities . 
  i 'm not sure who you 're comparing the us 's capabilities against , but we have 9 active amphibious assault ships ( which are essentially aircraft carriers by any other country 's standards ) , that can dispatch 1 [ meu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marine_expeditionary_unit ) each . 
  in addition , each amphibious ready group consists of myriad support vessels , ground attack aircraft , assault helicopters , armored support , artillery , logistics support , etc. 
  we can also combine them to form [ meb 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marine_expeditionary_brigade ) , or [ mef 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marine_expeditionary_force ) , consisting of thousands of marines . 
  then if you added the massive firepower of a few carrier groups plus the army reinforcing any beachhead , and hell why not the usaf as well , suffice it to say , if we really wanted to ( which we do n't ) , we could maintain a beachhead on the continent . 
  if you throw nukes into the equation , all of the above does not apply . 
  i live in texas . 
  the entire incident you 're referring to was much ado about nothing . 
  it was mostly [ rumors and conspiracy theory nonsense . 
  ] ( http://www.snopes.com/2015/09/15/jade-helm-over/ ) nothing happened except for the governor pandering to his fringe supporters . 
  if conspiracy theories make a country unstable , [ then they all are . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finland_does_not_exist ) now i lived in finalnd , so i 'm aware it actually exists , but it does n't stop [ idiots like these ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/finlandconspiracy/ ) from making headlines . 
  but rest assured , texas is perfectly stable with the 10th largest gdp in the world . 
  most veterans that i know , including my brother , find it cringey when people do that ... or so they 've told me . 
  in my brother 's case , he 'd much rather you buy him a beer instead . 
  i guess it depends on your definition of freedom . 
  i do n't define it as the requirement to take in masses of people from a wholly incompatible culture . 
  there seems to be a strong correlation between illiberal democracies and a lack of terrorist attacks as well . 
  it bothers me that some of the silhouettes used are incorrect .
