it can happen to any country with a ~ ~ muslim ~ ~ population . 
  all it takes is one nutter . 
  yes , it could even happen in finland . 
  ftfy . 
  tl ; dr fuck off with your political shit , at least let the dead be buried before starting to spew more hate . 
  yeah , that 's pretty much the whole issue here - how actively did finland pursue entering the war again or was there no other choice ? 
  the traditional post-war view of ` driftwood ' refers to the former but recently the issue has become muddled . 
  the real answer is probably ( maddeningly ) somewhere in the middle ; even though conquering back the lands lost in the winter war certainly was worked towards , it still seems like the leadership was not at all ready to do everything for germany - the number of jews deported was already discussed but another commonly cited issue is the railway to murmansk that was [ crucial ] ( http://warfarehistorynetwork.com/daily/wwii/running-the-gauntlet-the-murmansk-run-wwiis-arctic-convoys/ ) for the allies in supplying the eastern front . 
  germans naturally were very interested in cutting the line , but [ never managed to do so ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_arctic_fox ) . 
  this was because the finnish hq secretly decided in november '41 that the track would not be cut so as to not hurt relations with the allies . 
  at this point , the uk had still not declared war on finland ( no sources , sorry ) . 
  fair enough . 
  however , that means you must have gone to school after 2008 so you 're probably in the rather small minority of finns who have learned it in school . 
  what grade was this in ? 
   your initial post that started this chain talked about `` it was only recently that it was found out that finland actually deported some jews to nazi germany during the war '' which simply is n't true because it had very real consequences for finnish politics and was even posted in the newspapers at the time causing public outcry right - i concede that and probably should 've said something like re-discovered , because the uproar over palautetut and such was real - people just had n't realized it . 
   then again , who 's to say that the finnish lines had n't fallen quicker if they had stopped at the 1939 borders ? 
  i guess the question is if there could have been no lines to fall at all ? 
  if we believe that hitler was going to war with stalin regardless and have the advantage of hindsight and being able to see what the outcome of the war was , i do n't think joining germany on that trek was worth it . 
  and yes , i do think it * was * a choice . 
  in a way , i think you 're arguing against my critique of the driftwood theory by . . the driftwood theory . 
   now who 's putting words in whose mouth ? 
  disagreeing on a subject does not equal `` getting upset '' . 
  maybe you 're confusing me with some of the other commenters . 
  fair enough and my apologies for that but i do feel that before this there was n't much actual disagreement between us , more like sniping with facts that did n't turn out that factual after all . 
  appreciate the exchange at this level , though !, 
  better [ update your information ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/einsatzkommando_finnland ) then , but i did also mean ` recently ' as in ` within the last 20-30 years ' . 
  not sure when you went to school but anyway , glad i could clarify . 
  one man ? 
  at least anthoni * and * horelli were responsible for it and many many others knew about it ( as the plans were revealed to the public despite the censorship of the time ! ), 
  and the problem is that the system allowed for it at the time . 
  i 'm not saying his actions represent finland at the time ` very well ' , no need to put words in my mouth . 
  i 'm saying that we should be honest and frank about it that shitty things were done in the name of the country rather than try to gloss over it and start talking about them being ` denied entries ' or pointing to mannerheims personal efforts . 
  that does not , in my mind , diminish those efforts or all the other good things . 
  that 's because i would like to discuss the matter in a neutral manner , which is pretty hard when people get so upset over even mentioning it and have to go into defensive mode . 
  nothing to get defensive over , it 's not your fault . 
  not even if you 're directly related to anthoni . 
   i mean , from how i understand it , finland did not share much in common other than being at war with the ussr ( later britain though . ), 
  perhaps my judgement 's affected by the fact that the usa was n't at war with finland , though.l since i am an american . 
  idk . 
  i think you might be confusing the winter war and the continuation war a little bit here ? 
  the winter war certainly was a war for survival but when talking about the continuation war it 's harder to see it that way . 
  at the time , it was seen as a possible opportunity to annex eastern karelia ( see [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_finland ) , for example ) which i think goes a quite a bit deeper than just happening to be in the same war . 
  also ; finnish participation in the siege of leningrad is undeniable so we were directly working to support the war goals of nazi germany . 
  it 's quite a complex issue altogether as for us it really was a combination of * three * separate wars - against the ussr basically alone , against the allies and then , finally , against the nazis . 
  when the rest of the world has a tendency to look at the whole thing as one huge thing , political reasons prevented that from even being possible in finland . 
  well , i think it kind of shows that it 's a term mostly used about this one specific situation . 
  that is ; it 's a term pretty much made up for this situation to avoid calling it an alliance . 
  sure , but the difference is mostly cosmetic . 
  there was no * formal * alliance , which is basically the difference in this case as far as i understand it . 
  [ the wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/co-belligerence ) on it is interesting , almost solely about finlands position in the world and i 'd say that says a lot . 
  it 's even weirder in finnish - for us the word that was commonly used in the decades following the war to describe the relationship was ` aseveljet ' which literally translates to ` brothers in arms ' . . 
  i think about 18 centuries , because like i mentioned , we 're talking only of 15 years of the century in question and that 's not even counting the 20th century where the entire africa only counted for 300k slaves ... 
  in any case , it 's a pretty macabre subject and makes me feel pretty dirty . 
  horrible shit , both of them , i guess we 'd agree . 
   point is , war only started for the nation when we were attacked on our soil , when our civilians started getting slaughtered . 
  i understand , and i 'm trying to make the same argument from the finnish pov . 
  i would hope you 're mature enough to be able to do the same . 
  obviously we see different conflicts in a different light and in a way i think that is my core point here - enough time has passed so could we look at them in a bit more objective , separated way ? 
   impact of being slaughtered and our soldiers fighting in some far off land are very different , you must agree . 
  karelia is not a far off land , indeed that was one of the rationales presented at the time that it was * too close * to leningrad . 
  in fact , i would readily accept that for the ussr of the time , unsure of finlands position vis-a-vis germany ( especially considering how the revolution ended in finland . . ) , the border being only a bit over 30 km away from leningrad would understandably be a huge risk - it even if not quite in artillery range , at least very close to it and thus a very worrying fact indeed . 
   winter war was a war for some territory , ussr asked for a territorial exchange with finland , finland refused , ussr attacked and took that territory by force and agreed to stop once it had it . 
  just like after the war , finland was in no danger of being fully taken . 
  yeah , this is the argument that was presented after the war . 
  the only problem is that after the soviet archives opened , we * know * that this was not the case . 
  the war plan was to take over the entire country and even if one might argue that peace would have been made on easier terms after that had happened , i would point out that even accepting those demands given in the first place led to complete annexation of the baltic countries . 
  do you * really * think that had finland been taken over in 2 weeks as meretskov promised , the end result would 've been those same demands that stalin asked for before attacking ? 
  to go back to my original point - i think the key thing here is to accept that no one is always in the right and especially in retrospect we need to be able to recognize , accept , and learn from those errors of the past . 
  the ussr was not in the right to attack finland in 1939 but finland did ( in my view ) lose all of it 's moral high ground when 1941 rolled around and we were happy to try to ride the panzers all the way to moscow . 
  i would also hope that we could see these things from a little bit above our personal , nationalistic viewpoints ? 
  for example , and i realize i 'm going off on a pretty wild tangent here , i had a thought that maybe the red army would n't have been even as ready as they were in 1941 for the nazis had it not been for the winter war ? 
  that is ; maybe that ( i think even you 'd admit ) humbling experience was a crucial part in ridding the world of nazism ? 
  that all that suffering caused to my forefathers for all the wrong reasons actually ended up being for the greater good for both you and me ? 
  in any case , thanks for sharing your views . 
  i appreciate it a lot !, 
  right , so entire 19th century , east africa 0.442 m. 
  multiply by 15/100 ( as we 're only discussing 15 years of that century ) and we 're talking about ~ 66k slaves from the entire east africa over that period when leopold killed possibly over 10m people . 
  by this ( rather gruesome ) math , i 'd say it was a [ bear 's favour ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_bear_and_the_gardener ) like we say in finland . 
  in september 1939 , * ussr * was the ally of germans and finland was asking for help from the west . 
  this is exactly the blind spot i was talking about , good job underlining it . 
  no , but i 'm guessing you should be if you think the reasons can be reduced to the great purge . 
  too much hoi ? 
  sure did n't for the red army . 
  also , i would argue that the winter war also was a struggle for survival of a nation , do n't you think ? 
  yep , it 's known as the lapland war . 
  well , what is your proof that the army was ready ? 
  so far your only argument has been ` well i 'm finnish ' and that 's really quite weak . 
  so , any actual sources ? 
   the soviets and nazis did n't collaborate with each other during the soviet invasion of poland . 
  so how was the fighting - i 'd imagine the nazis running into some hated soviet troops would have ended up in a battle ? 
   and stalin was not `` power-hungry '' , nor a pragmatist . 
  agree to disagree here , then . 
   and what point would that be ? 
  that there 's a tendency to gloss over the shittier parts of history . 
   they might have entered before the outbreak of the war , but i have n't seen any dates other than when they were deported : most of them did , yes , according to finnish wikipedia , at least . 
  i 'm sorry you have n't seen any further information but the source for this is listed as jakobson , max : v\u00e4kivallan vuodet : 20 . vuosisadan tilinp\u00e4\u00e4t\u00f6s . 
  have you read it ? 
  i guess one way to prove that at least some of them were in finland before 1942 is to look up the birthdate and place of franz olof kollman that you list . 
  any source i can find lists it as 15 . 
  may 1941 , helsinki , which makes it pretty obvious that this was not just a case of denied entry , but the kollmans certainly were in finland in 1941 and i would very much doubt that they travelled back to germany between 1941 and 1942 .
