  are those mandatory in estonia ? 
  anywhere in europe ? 
  basically all you 're doing is extending schooling to one year younger kids , and making it in a discriminatory way to boot . 
  not cool :(, 
  yeah , i was n't trying to suggest that they are purposefully shitty , i was more trying to spitball ( as a complete outsider with relatively little grasp of estonia ) on how to make the russian-speaking population integrate with the rest of the country , because like you say :  that obviously wo n't be changing in a democracy . 
  so i was thinking maybe going a bit overboard in accepting their identity - spending money on their schools etc - might be beneficial ? 
  i guess the question is do you think there can ( at some point in the future ) be an identity of a russian-speaking estonian , who is explicitly * not * russian ? 
  similar to the swedish-speaking finns , that is . 
  i do agree that putin 's russia 's exclaves should be avoided by all means . 
  i just fear they already feel pretty excluded from the mainstream estonian society ( and i can understand why estonians for their part feel the way they do ) and so i do think that closing down all russian-speaking schools in tallinn would help that at all . 
  thanks for your insight , much appreciated !, 
   they should definitely learn one of the national languages , otherwise they will be constantly limited and hindered . 
  imagine living as someone who only speaks swedish in finland . 
  sure you can live a life but it will put you at a disadvantage with finnish speakers because the great vast majority of finland speaks finnish . 
  just a sidenote ; there are such people in finland . 
  the same works the other way around if a non-swedish speaker goes to swedish speaking areas - it 's barely impossible to get by . 
  also , swedish * is * a national language of finland so they already speak one of them . 
  this is exactly why everyone in finland must learn both finnish * and * swedish . 
  that might be a bit of an overstretch - i do n't think it does much good to teach everyone swedish but there 's a good rationale for it ( the law says that everyone must be able to receive government services in both languages so every public servant must know both languages ) . 
  what i meant , however , was not about learning this language or that language , but how does it work when it comes to other subjects ? 
  do you really think it 's worth it to waste time solely focusing on learning a new language and then using this shaky grasp of a completely new language to teach new concepts - that the kids wo n't be able to ask their parents about in their native language ? 
   in the case of narva , i still believe that they are no exception to public education and their children should learn the national language of the country they live in . 
  i do n't consider myself dutch so am i excused from learning dutch ? 
  of fucking course not . 
  i do n't think you understood what i meant when i said :  again , that is absolutely not to say that they should not learn any of the local language at all - indeed , it should be a very important part of the curriculum for any minority language speaker . 
  so no need to try to argue against it . 
   i do n't believe that identity should be a factor that should hinder the education of the kids in narva ; and even if they consider themselves russian , would learning latvian kill them at all ? 
  narva is in estonia , so i 'm not sure what good learning * latvian * would do , and again , i 'm not arguing that they should not learn estonian at all . 
  nobody is . 
   in my eyes , latvia has one national language : latvian . 
  for belgium , due to their national identity of what a belgian is , they have 3 of them . 
  the dutch only have one too , yet frisian and such still thrive and exist without making special schools where kids only use those languages . 
  yeah , so argument is basically whatever is enshrined in the legislation as a national language is whatever should be used to teach ? 
  now , considering that the size of these minorities is much larger than some of the other minorities we have discussed , my argument is that it should just as well be * considered * a national language for the sake of this argument , even if it is not so in legal terms . 
  what do you think should be the definition of national language ? 
  just what it says in the law and that law never changes ? 
  i mentioned afrikaans before exactly because of this ; that language was without a doubt used as a tool of oppression - i 'm not sure if you 're old enough to remember the [ soweto uprising ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soweto_uprising ) . . 
  what would you suggest should be done to a 6 year old kid that does n't speak a word of the national language ( s ) , then ? 
  what if that means a handful of kids in every class and pretty much every kid in some cities ? 
  just force it down their throats ? 
  i think you 're concentrating too much on your own experience . 
  you ca n't mirror that to the situation in , say , [ narva ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narva#demographics ) where over 80 % of the population considers themselves as russian . 
  edit : that 's not even without getting into the whole national language issue - who gets to define it ? 
  how big of a minority do you think there should be that it would be fair to say that their language * is * a national language ? 
  i 'm not sure if you brought up afrikaans for this very reason . . 
  of course the situation is different . 
  just that schooling in their native language i think is a more important thing ( yeah , it 's a ` think of the kids ' - kind of an argument ) than trying to force assimilation - maybe making sure that side of things is in a great shape might be a good way to integrate them ? 
  indeed , when it comes to russian in the baltics , it 's probably one of those things that i 'm the most troubled about and am very sympathetic to both sides of the issue ( but * not * the kremlin , who i do n't think should be a party to this at all , any more ) . 
  at the same time it 's a huge time bomb that * needs * to be defused but on that same note the solutions * need * to be in accordance to human rights , rule of law and all that good stuff and i do n't really have a solution . 
   i believe that each and every single student must be taught lithuanian/latvian/estonian to a degree they fully can function in that language for all their base academic purposes . 
  of course , that goes without saying . 
   there are heaps and heaps of portuguese-speakers in france , however there are no portuguese-speaking schools ; and the same goes for any other minority . 
  french schools are in french just as estonian schools should be in estonian . 
  but , does it , though ? 
  there are swedish-speaking schools in finland for example . 
  or , hey , what what language should belgian schools be in ? 
  obviously russian speakers in the baltics are a different issue but ` for any other minority ' certainly is absolutely not true . 
  to me , this is an issue dear to my heart because i have heard family stories of how schools up in the north of sweden used to be for finnish-speakers that were ( and still are ) a major minority there . 
  i 'm firmly of the opinion that trying to actively suppress ones first language is totally wrong and might even be detrimental to development of crucial skills to a kid . 
  that 's why i strongly feel that kids growing up in russian-speaking families in the baltics should not be thrown into schools * only * educating them in local languages . 
  again , that is absolutely not to say that they should not learn any of the local language at all - indeed , it should be a very important part of the curriculum for any minority language speaker . 
   why do people take it personal , once again , you do n't get to choose your words in your language , if french calls it that there is a historical reason for it which stuck . 
  but of course you do , nobody else gets to decide besides you . 
  language changes constantly and nothing is ever ` stuck ' . 
  it 's only natural to have schools teaching in the language that the kids speak and all the former soviet states have sizable russian-speaking minorities . 
  to be honest , i do n't see this particular thing as any more troubling than the schooling in welsh in the uk for example , as complex and problematic as the issue of russian-speaking minorities in the former soviet union ( and even within the eu , when it comes to the baltics ) is . 
  indeed , i would find it more troubling if there was * no * education in russian available in latvia when over a third of the population speaks it as their first language . 
  metal * is * pop in finland , so it 's not that surprising . . 
  although , [ christian metal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_metal ) originates from the us and is a more recent phenomenon in finland . 
  i guess it 's more of a classic example but [ oh man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assassination_of_olof_palme ) . . 
  yep , and the article has slight undertones of this too - it calls the bear ` king of the forest ' . 
  who ? 
  well , again , someone who might not share your point of view . 
   in most of hungary there are no people who are prone to do violent crimes , budapest is mostly safe too expect one district , northeastern hungary would be bad for me yeah . 
  is violent crime the only reason to be afraid at night ? 
  why do people come all the way from debrecen to do their violence in tat\u00e1rszentgy\u00f6rgy , by the way ? 
  i take it that 's why people in northeastern hungary have a reason to be scared , right ? 
   edit : source was provided after i commented , but i still do n't believe that it would be 50 % , unless they asked it in some shitty part of the capital or the afore mentioned region of hungary . 
  or perhaps the people who answered ` yes ' do n't share your point of view on the safety of the streets of hungary at night ? 
  maybe there are risks that do n't really affect you but might affect someone else ? 
  well put . 
  tbh , i find it quite ironic that someone would decry colonial power attitudes while at the same time being completely oblivious to the colonial attitude they themselves display by assuming libya is nothing but a colony that only reacts to whatever the rest of the world is doing . 
  maybe something along the lines of such royal privileges being declared null and void by some law at some point in history ? 
  just spitballing here , not suggesting such a law exists - it 's just a very interesting topic to speculate on !, 
   that 's the whole point . 
  you barely get any because potential migrants know the chances of getting through are low , and the likelihood of getting shipped to a detention center are high . 
  you do n't think the geographical push factors might have something to do with that ? 
  australia did n't have that system from 07 to 12 , were the numbers comparable to europe then ? 
   can anyone here explain why australia can intercept these same ships and haul them back to where they originated from , but it is somehow illegal and nazi-ish for europe to do the same ? 
  genuine question . 
  because us europeans do n't have a vote in australia and do in europe , the last time i checked . 
  might be wrong on that , though !, 
  plenty of support can be found in this [ very thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6l8dpm/mediterranean_sea_ngo_ship_actively_competing/djsvv6r/ ) and also from [ here ] ( https://www.google.fi/ ) . 
  i can hear it calling your name , dickman !, 
  yeah , better be careful when talking about the pfj , do n't want to get them mixed up with the wankers from [ jpf ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wboggjn_g-4 ) !, 
  i find it hard to argue that israels border were carved along the [ religious lines of 1940s mandate palestine ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c0/palestine_distribution_of_population_1947_un_map_no_93%28b%29.jpeg ) . 
  also , comparing mandate palestine to india as a british colony is at best ignorant . 
  i 'll take that as a ` no ' and an indication of you realizing how apples and oranges the argument was . 
  can you elaborate on that , please ? 
  i 'm not sure what exactly you 're referring to but if you mean pakistan i 'd argue that the reasons were quite different there but especially the methods used ( back then and since ) have been wildly different .
