   this put a stop to any further deportations and of 500 further refugees , mannerheim personally helped 160 refugees move through finland to neutral sweden . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're ignoring what i wrote on purpose or by accident but i 'll just copypasta : yes , it was not at all bad compared to other places in europe and for the most part finland protected the jews within it 's territory really well . 
  however , that still does not excuse the shitty parts . 
   for example there are a lot of suspicious deaths that happen in us as well in the same manner as the russian ones but they are not reported about in the big media outlets . 
  really ? 
  care to list some of those dead anti-establishment journalists that have been murdered in the us ? 
  thanks . 
   finland was prepared for the war . 
  we did n't have a completely prepared army like germany in ww1 or ww2 but the preparations for the possible russian invasion had been going on * for years * before hand . 
  sure , there had been preparations but saying that finland was ` prepared ' seems like a bit of a stretch to me when , indeed , there were not even enough * uniforms * when the war started . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/perushankintaohjelma ) has a bit more details in finnish , including the famous quote from cajander ( the pm ) in * august 1939 * defending the rather limited spending on the part of the government by arguing that :  ` what we then would have procured , for example airplanes and anti-air equipment and others , would now have been mostly outdated , perhaps even ready to be scrapped ' ( bad translation mine ), 
  the wnt is only * slightly * better than the mnt , so , yeah , no . 
  they did qualify to weuro 2005 ( with just 8 teams and made it to the semis . . how 'd you do then , btw ? ), 
  and we hosted it in 2009 so they 've been there , just flopped badly in the qualifying games . . 
  so , why do you think the reporters at zvezda are promoting this view then ? 
  how did they manage to get it so wrong when everybody knows the truth ? 
  how do you think those with bad education will see the issue after seeing this piece ? 
  yes . 
  i 'm those millions of dead congolese are really happy about that . 
  how big was that slave trade in 1885 , by the way ? 
  yes , superficially . 
  i feel that both of the leaders in question , however , were less ideologues and more power-hungry pragmatists so when it suited them , they sure were best buddies . 
  ( see : [ poland 1939 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_invasion_of_poland ) ) . 
   keep in mind very few belgians hold leopold 2 in any kind of positive regard or praise what he did . 
  well , i guess that 's one of the things that 's influencing my opinion - i saw his family trees on sale at a nice antique shop and had a nice chat about the chart with the very lovely lady at the shop . 
  from my perspective , that was extremely weird considering the man is probably among the top 10 murderers of the 20th century . 
  but yeah , i agree that there certainly are degrees to it and time from the events also plays a part . 
  i do agree that it 's a very different thing in russia than leopold ii in belgium , but i think it serves as an useful example . 
  thanks for your insight !, 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  as far as i 'm aware , this was not a case of denied entry but a case of deporting german refugees who had arrived in finland * before the war * and some of them had even received asylum . 
   it was not systemic , since no ethnic separation was made in finland and finnish jews fought in the finnish defence forces like everyone else . 
  finland has been recognized by israel as `` righteous of nations '' due to the actions during ww2 . 
  yes , it was not at all bad compared to other places in europe and for the most part finland protected the jews within it 's territory really well . 
  however , that still does not excuse the shitty parts . 
  yeah , definitely !, 
  the dissertation of ou * la * silvennoinen was very interesting and i 'd imagine there 's more shitty things to come that are still unknown to the public . 
  i guess in a way , that does seem to prove my point ? 
  there are bits in every nations history that are hard to remember accept and thus we prefer to ignore them . 
  it seems like time is the only solution here , as here in finland we 're accepting more and more of the shittier parts of our history and you in belgium seem to realize what kind of a shitshow it was when in the 30s it was still rather different ; the people of ostend put up a monument to the man , with the inscription :  de dank der congolezen aan leopold ii om hen te hebben bevrijd van de slavernij onder de arabieren  the gratitude of the congolese to leopold ii for having liberated them from slavery under the arabs which seems . . 
  almost insane considering what leopold * actually * did to the congolese . 
  either way , this is not to say it 's your fault or that the modern belgians should carry the burden of his crimes on their shoulders , i think it 's more about learning to look at ones history from a critical point of view too . 
   about this - no ` secret protocols ' were shown . 
  well , i guess this is where western and russian historigraphy differ then as even the soviet union accepted their existence in [ 1989 ] ( https://www.chathamhouse.org/publications/ia/archive/view/164427 ) . 
  what about their effects ? 
  how are the operations in the baltics seen , for example ? 
  from my pov , they were , after all , direct consequences of those protocols . 
   it was a try to postpone the possible future war . 
  that 's . . an interesting view . 
  the territorial gains were just a nice coincidence , then ? 
  or are they seen as moves to secure a bit of a buffer zone ? 
  thanks for your views , much appreciated !, 
  yeah , that 's pretty how much how it was , understandable but still shitty . 
  it was only recently that it was found out that finland actually deported some jews to nazi germany during the war , for example , and my view is that it was kept hidden exactly because of the need to underline the difference between us and our co-belligerents in berlin . . 
  it 's funny though , for me personally that realization of how much we are ignoring actually came in a drunken chat with a norwegian dude and all he said was ` but you guys were allied with the nazis ' and i realized my first reaction was to go into the whole ` driftwood theory ' - the explanation that was common up until the 70s that finland ended up in the war like a driftwood , against it 's own wishes and had absolutely no culpability in the matter . 
  however , when we look at the continuation war , for example , it 's not at all that clear that finland did not play an * active * part . 
  that war also absolutely was not purely defensive which is also conveniently forgotten rather often . 
  mixing the two up is also quite common - it 's easy to remember the heroics of the winter war and forget the problematic parts of the continuation war . 
  so it 's sort of mentally firewalled from it ? 
  makes sense . 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't mean winter war , but the fact that it 's rare to see russians even mention molotov-ribbentropp ( and in particular the secret protocols ) when it comes to discussing wwii . 
  if you do n't mind , could you elaborate ( briefly , i realize it 's a huge question ) on how that period ( eg after the winter war and before barbarossa , when the soviet union was pretty much making land grabs across eastern europe ) is seen in soviet/russian historiography and in the minds of the people ? 
  is the winter war generally even seen as a part of the great patriotic war or is it somehow a separate development ? 
  except for the winter war . 
  which was , actually , sort of a part of it , but in a different reality , somehow . . 
  i 'm not sure what sort of mental gymnastics it requires to make it all into a rational thought . 
  it 's not really a lie , i do n't think . 
  it 's more like ` conveniently forgotten ' which is understandable . 
  we in finland have a similar one too - being allied with the nazis is something that generations of historians have tried to rationalize and even to this day we still talk of ` co-belligerents ' or other such terms to help with the cognitive dissonance of being both the good guys and buddies with the nazis . . from my experience , in belgium one could maybe say the same about leopold ii and his adventures in the congo ? 
  from my ( admittedly rather limited ) experience in belgium , he does n't seem to be any/much less thought of than any other former head of state and while people are aware of the congo free state , it 's not like it gets brought up that much in relation to the man ? 
  or am i completely mistaken here due to my limited experience ? 
  of course , that 's just as understandable during and immediately after the war . 
  after 70 years , though . . 
  former autonomous imperial russian subjects , unite !, 
  cheers !, 
  as a sidenote , the polish experience and the process towards independence really influenced the thinking in finland towards full independence and especially when the provisional government in march of 1917 publically gave its support for polish independence , that was a big enough of a deal for the finns to organize [ matinees ] ( http://itsenaisyys100.fi/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/puola_27.4.1917.jpg ) in honor of independent poland and write [ poems ] ( http://www.polonia-finlandia.fi/biuletyny/biuletyn75.html ) ( scroll to the bottom , in finnish [ here ] ( http://www.gutenberg.org/files/20145/20145-8.txt ) ) about it . 
  100 years later , it 's weird to think how things could have been for both of us had things gone differently !, 
  i find that to be the weirdest ( but understandable , i guess ) blind spot in how russians perceive the war . 
  it 's as if barbarossa started in august 1939 , because everything between august '39 and june '41 seems to be completely forgotten . 
  why would they speak estonian when they grow up in an almost monolingual environment ? 
  or am i mistaken in thinking that the average 6-year old from the russian side of narva probably does n't speak more than a few words of estonian ? 
  right , of course they 'd be smart enough to do that . . not surprising that it 's not that popular , but it 'll take time at least on the suspicions/feelings of it being `` fascist-run '' . 
  as for competing in entertainment , you 're of course right and looking at the [ programming ] ( http://etvpluss.err.ee/l/saatekava ) , it really seems to be an issue . 
  it 's hard enough for a country the size of estonia ( or finland ) to produce , for example , daily quality childrens programmin in one language , much less two . 
  thanks again for your insight !, 
   it 's been quite a while that russians here are separate from russia and a unique identity has not formed . 
  well , to be fair , there is barely one generation of adults that have lived their entire lives as such - in a way one could say that during the soviet times , the situation was more or less reversed . 
  that is ; russians were the majority and the estonian ssr could be seen as narva - the enclave where the people speaking their minority language live . 
  i think you 're right on the money on the propaganda point . 
  maybe the solution is along those lines ? 
  does etv send programming in russian ? 
  news , kids programs , etc ? 
  maybe there should be even a separate , estonian-produced tv channel for russian speakers ? 
  that is , give them a * choice * to begin with and hope that the evil western values rub off ? 
  ( spitballing again , do n't know much about etv and i just imagine it to be like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yn4y13r1ps ) all the time . . )  i feel like you wanted to say you do not think that closing russian-speaking schools would help , no ? 
  yeah , exactly . 
  too many negations for my poor poro-brain !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks for the reference to the old believers , i ended up in a rabbit hole reading about them ( and old orthodox beliefs in general ) for a good half an hour , very interesting stuff .
