  because that shit always spills over on everyone elses hands anyway in the end . 
   kosovo is full of resources and we hold a big grudge over it . 
  this is an added factor of stability in the area ; no administration of ours could seriously try anything anytime soon . 
  what do you mean by trying anything ? 
  military action ? 
  i would hope no administration of anyones would try anything ever in that case . 
  i understand the grudges ( see [ viipuri ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vyborg ) ) but i find war always to be a shitty option . 
   the definition of who is and is n't french is up to the french themselves , of course  but to the serbians , it seems . 
  it 's weird how it always seems to be the people from the periphery of europe painting the picture of central europe in flames but the people there do n't see it that way . . maybe because they realize that even if every single terrorist was an immigrant , they would still represent a tiny minority of the whole immigrant population whereas from serbia it might look like that 's all the immigrants in europe ? 
  / u/low _ discrepancy even points out that the average french person has bigger problems to worry about yet to you it seems like the major problem of france . 
  why is that ? 
  what do you think about the other issues france is facing in 2017 ? 
  do you consider yourself knowledgeable enough to even discuss them to be able to make that judgement call ? 
  i think not , but you are free to prove me wrong . 
  sure you could , and i 'd be for some sort of a canadian style points regime to encourage the immigration of skilled workers . 
   i can only hope that the treatment of eu citizens in the uk directly influences the decisions about the laws that will be written . 
  in which way ? 
  i 'd rather try to see the eu rise above petty squabbling as we pretty much hold all the cards in making this deal . 
   other than to defend the rights of eu citizens already residing in the uk , why would the eu want that ? 
  well , more taxpayers , already well educated ( on someone elses dime , mind you ) with considerable amounts of experience , expertise and wealth , ready to bring all of it into europe ? 
  what 's * not * to want ? 
  aaaand now it 's return of the soini , with halla-aho losing over half of his mps to soini . 
  what a day , and it 's still young !, 
  elovaara supposedly holding a presser to announce something too . . 
  i do doubt that they 'd be interested in v\u00e4yrynen when both ncp and center are very keen on getting defectors on board to bolster up their rather weak majority . 
  edit : elovaara also not taking part in the meeting . 
  edit2 : [ mtv ] ( https://www.mtv.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/artikkeli/joukko-perussuomalaisia-perustamassa-oman-ryhman/6470266 ) reporting that a ` big group ' of ps representatives are looking to start their own group . 
  if correct , that was * fast * . 
   it seems everyone picks and chooses on their own what they deem to be hateful or bigoted . 
  of course , some of the ` generalizing jokes ' are obviously hateful and others are not . 
  yep . 
  one yardstick i would suggest is court decisions . 
   in halla-aho 's case , the problem for me in that specific quote is using the word ` muslims ' instead of maybe mentioning only the sub-group that is actually committing the violence , namely ` jihadists ' , ` islamists ' , or just ` radical muslims ' . 
  but we all know that not all muslims are violent . 
  i think it 's totally fair to question the violence and executions within certain groups even with a snarky provoking manner . 
  tbh , i 'm not * that * interested in delving into the details of h-a rhetoric , but it seems we 're broadly on the same page in any case - we should be careful when generalizing . 
  interesting that he goes after the president , though . 
  do you really think ` hatred-inspiring bigoted material ' and ` any kind of generalizing joke ' are in any way equivalent ? 
  so you 're for a new election ? 
  sounds good to me . 
  you ignored all the other discussion , including the actual costs of running such camps and ignoring * feeding * the people you 're looking to lock up and proceed to bring up * work visas * ? 
  wow . 
  also , i said women * and * ( not with ) children and according to math i got taught , 72 % is not the same as 100 % and according to biology i got taught , males can be children too but to each their own , i guess . 
  good article , though , as it clearly says that 56 % are * not * men 18-34 . 
  thanks . 
  thanks !, 
  this was very illuminating !, 
  i 'm asking because it reminds me of how us finns view ourselves in wwii ; only recently being able to openly discuss the fact that we were in the nazis team without resorting to terms like ` co-belligerents ' or such and i wondered if it 's a bit similar ;  it 's still a bit early to accurately assess him and his rule because you still have plenty of people left alive that suffered under the previous regime . 
  but then realized how long he actually stayed in power so that makes complete sense . 
  thanks again for your reply - looks to me i got some new interesting reading to do !, 
   so , i know this is very simple calculation and it does not include things like transportation , health care , but i hope you got the point . 
  yeah . . all the running costs including simple little omissions like * food * . 
  i ca n't wait to turn a 540 hectare beautiful greek island into a giant cell-block and put women and children there , though , that sounds like great fun !, 
  thanks !, 
  heavily neutral does sound like a bit of a ` too close to the modern time ' kind of a thing to me , but that 's certainly totally understandable - i did n't even realize before looking him up how long he stayed in power !, 
   only germany spent $ 20bn on refugees just in 2016 . 
  i know some islands are for sale for a few millions euros ... so probably the idea with island is really going to save the money ? 
  i decided to look up how much australia is paying for their model . 
  according to [ abc ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-09-13/offshore-detention-cost-australia-10-billion-in-three-years/7837388 ) , the australian government paid about aud10b for the three years and are estimating to spend aud6b over 5 years to house ** 3000 ** people . 
  that 's aud400k/person/year or just over aud1k/day which comes out to ~ 670 $ / refugee/day in today 's exchange rate . 
  i looked up how much the finnish government is paying today , and [ according to this article from 2015 ] ( http://www.is.fi/kotimaa/art-2000001007892.html ) , it was 44 $ / day . 
  even accounting for all the inaccuracies in the estimates above , a difference of more than a magnitude does n't make it seem too likely that it really would save money . 
  i 'm disappointed by the lack of your faith :(, 
  it 's not what the paper says , unfortunately you have misunderstood it : / i would recommend actually getting to know the field of study at least superficially before throwing around studies . 
   well , we 'll see , do n't we . 
   yep . 
  you up for a bet ? 
  a kossupullo for ps having no more than 15 % vote share in the next election ? 
  yes - but that confuses me even more as you linked to a study about school in finland . 
  so you are in the end suggesting that someone who came to finland from somalia and went to school in finland has worse education than their parents , educated in somalia ? 
   my argument is that they are doing stupid things . 
  if conditions in uk are `` bad '' for them so they are going for the genital mutilation , then what are the conditions in their native countries , in syria for example ? 
  uhhh . . nauru is not in the uk and even though you wanted to make it about a much broader issue , i 'm not really up for that , sorry . 
   thank you for calling me a racist , this is always a solid argument to hear . 
  i assume you did not read the part about legal immigration in my op and that i support it . 
  if you believe that they can not have any skills then probably someone else is racist ... did not do that - just pointed out what would happen if someone would actually build such camps and see how much those would actually cost with constant auditing and all the shit that would be required to make sure people arent shat upon while under control of the eu . 
  the racists would be crying - obviously this is not you because you * suggested * that . 
   only germany spent $ 20bn on refugees just in 2016 . 
  i know some islands are for sale for few millions euros ... so probably the idea with island is really going to save the money ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic here , but do you really think a few million euros for an island would be all it takes ? 
  good point and with v\u00e4yrynen already looking like a potential kingmaker ... 
  this could turn out to be extremely funny/sad depending on ones perspective . 
  better stock up on the popcorn . . 
  wait , their parents also went to finnish school ? 
  do you really think that those 1st generation immigrants on that chart are the * parents * of the 2nd generation immigrants ? 
  dude , you 're mixing up concepts , terminology and stupid racist buzzwords at a rate that would make hirvisaari blush . 
  so your argument literally is ` they are stupid ' ? 
  you do n't think such conditions might have something to do with it ? 
   as to combat the authorities abuse , i believe independent third party constant audit and guard helmet cameras would surely help . 
  cue the ~ ~ raci ~ ~ critics of immigration complaining about money . . 
  ah , right - agreed on that !, 
  he has used this conviction as a rallying cry for nearly a decade now . 
   people in finland just talk about this government as \u00fcber right-wing , which they 're not . 
  they 're probably the `` most '' right-wing we 've ever had point well made - are you suggesting that politics of finland should always be discussed in a universal context because when talking about the most right-wing government in history , ' \u00fcber right-wing ' does n't sound that far off the mark to me . 
  i would also point out that we 've had ikl in the government before so lipponen or sipil\u00e4 really do n't come even close . 
   i think it 'd mean true finns would receive a major boost in their popularity . 
  major boost while losing their smp voters almost completely ? 
  where do you think they would get those votes ? 
   and before foreigners come screaming at me about me being right-winger ; i 've never voted for finns party , i 'm little bit left of the centre but i 'm a social democrat because i ca n't stand sipil\u00e4 and current centre party . 
  also many finn party voters are former sdp ( social democratic party ) voters .
