similar thing happened in france !, 
  love your username, 
  yeah i mean in france i do n't see people doing that either . 
  maybe more people will come but i 'd wager the extra people will just be starved university students trying to make ends meet . 
  that 's very true but i have the impression it wo n't have that sort of impact on french consumers . 
  but i totally get where you 're coming from . 
  huh . 
  thought france would be lower . 
  mmh heard of that before . 
  i like the concept . 
  still would n't like it though . 
  really ? 
  i 'd think it 's a sign that you 'll have a shitty day . 
  hey in france you 're * supposed * to but ... well ... 
  maybe i should go live over there then :-), 
  i 'd imagine it 'd have huge effects on france ( revolution , constitution ... ), 
  although i see your reasons , corruption will destroy this system . 
  yup . 
  have special words for them in france too . 
  though they are very integrated . 
  i 'm very careful to say `` british '' so as not to offend people when i go there . 
  sounds like paris against the rest if france . 
  my favorite city is the ville de poil . 
  because on s ` amuse bien \u00e0 poil . 
  i 'm sorry my little brother is so cute he laughs so hard at this joke each time . 
  versailles ( near where i live ) is also frowned upon sometimes because only `` bougeois '' live there apparently . 
  edit : i forgot alsace and lorraine . 
  people sometimes say they 're nazi and stuff there , hot blooded , xenophobic ( heh irony ) , overall agit\u00e9s and murderous . 
  nice . 
  actually the g8 was , if i remember my lessons correctly , `` the seven most developed countries in the world + russia '', 
  them : `` fuck the french !, 
  they 're stupid we should go at war with them !, 
  they 're sooo fucking stupid with their [ insert cultural difference that may or may not be true here ] !, 
  why ca n't they be normal ? '', 
  ( the veto ) me ( french but they apparently did n't know or forgot ) : `` uh ... yeah fuck the french ! '', 
  them : `` exactly !, 
  that 's the spirit ! '', 
  sigh . 
  growing up in the us during the iraq war was difficult sometimes . 
  seriously i hid my nationality ( easy i have no accent and took well to the floridian tan ) but if i ever revealed it it was like i revealed i was hiv positive or had cancer or something : `` omg i did n't know ! '', 
  ( covers mouth ) . 
  same people now saying the war is a mistake now . 
  sadly , when i got back to france well ... `` ah t ` es un couillon d'ricain ! '', 
  nice to meet you too . 
  it 's like being stuck between a rock and a hard place , except the rock is a bunch of idiots and the hard place is a bunch of idiots . 
  thankfully , there 's always some nice people somewhere . 
  yeah , france here is n't exactly clean . 
  we 're refusing refugee status to people who really should get it . 
  friend who works defending those people described how some guy who was shot at during protests in his country ( and lost his little finger and father ) took refuge in france and he had to defend his refugee status . 
  the man explained that he was in danger of being persecuted and killed by his government because he protests against it . 
  he gave a very detailed story of his life and stated his claims to the status very clearly ( friend showed me the documents while we talked and ate ) . 
  the man was refused because `` he did n't give enough information '' ( quite vague ) such as `` where did he go to school '' ( remember documents stated he did n't ) . 
  do n't know if he managed to stay a bit because of the administration 's slow process or even if he made some sort of apeal or if that was the apeal or if he got sent back . 
  they can still wear a similar veil that does n't cover the entire face . 
  it exists . 
  there , done . 
  lived between the us and france . 
  kinda like being stuck between two groups of idiots . 
  thankfully it also makes two groups of friends . 
  still think we should be voting directly for this guy . 
  i second this idea, 
  you 'd be fucked you know ? 
  good point . 
  thought he was still alive , on the brink of death at that point . 
  still you know , family and all that . 
  oh wow that 's terrible and a proof of utter ignorance . 
  making them understand this person is a person and human being makes sense . 
  fair enough, 
  am i the only one to think that he has the right not to get his picture taken ? 
  i 'm in france and they did mention the basement and the fractures . 
  oh no i 'm just saying they were quite respected but degaulle moved public opinion from them ( and to him ) which would explain the later polls . 
  the only other time degaulle and the communists collaborated was against the common european army , which was a french idea because it was aimed to promote peace in europe but also keep the ussr away ( so they did n't like that ) and degaulle 's nationalism . 
  their argument is resumed in the affiche : `` en un si\u00e8cle , trois invasions allemandes '' ( they did n't want to give military power to germany ) . 
  the resistants are certainly a factor for the first poll but by far not the main one . 
  i can understand why me talking about the resistants at first can seem out of place in the conversation . 
  what i meant was communism was very present ( not all communists resisted ) and the ussr was seen at ally at the time ( that changed quickly ) , all of which is n't true as of today : i was trying to underline the change illustrated by the polls . 
  you 're right , the change is most certainly due to propaganda and the cold war context , although i 'd like to mention most french people do know that the ussr was a huge contributor to the end of the war , at least those of us who listened in class . 
  i personally remember being surprised when i learnt about it , so i understand where these polls come from . 
  also , i 'd like to add that us french are notorious for being ` flip-flop ' voters : we change opinions quickly and often randomly , to the great frustration of our politians who want us to be votes they can count on and they do n't seem to grasp that we are not fixed and can not be put in a box : our opinions can change , sometimes towards the last minute as illustrated by the presidential vote of chirac against le pen . 
  this would probably explain polls you might see where our opinion changes over a short amount of time ( so ... not this poll but useful to know ) . 
  it was a quite popular opinion at the time due to post wwi economic issues , especially amongst wwi vets , who were also influential . 
  this aspect of the resistance is/was often repressed or simply ignored due to lack of knowledge , cold war propaganda ( note the link to the op ) and by politians ( generally non-communist politians , like degaulle or sarkosy ), 
  about 2 to 3 % of the french population were resistants ( the rest just kept going about their normal lives ) , out of which 80 % to 90 % were communists , in the communist ( marx ) theory or in support of the ussr ( or both ) . 
  it does have relevance as after the war they were very influential on pulblic opinion , just like charles degaulle and mar\u00e9shall p\u00e9tain ( his crimes were unknown at the time and he was still popular from his wwi glory ) who were not at all communists or resistants in the french use of the word . 
  the word could describe those resisting inside the vichy regime ( very few ) , the military forces of charles degaulle or the networks created by the people , who are the people that the french use of the word is attributed to and who are , in majority , communists . 
  this is known since they later expressed strong political influence , athough some were bitter at not being able to create a revolution and others did n't want do get tangled in politics and through evildence like the letter of guy moquet as well as books and accounts written and told as some are still alive . 
  at first i was thinking about napoleon invading russia and then was like oh yeah . 
  sorry it can only be estimated between 80 and 90 % apparently ( difficult to estimate ) and the rest being socialists and christian-democrats . 
  it was more aimed at communism at least an oppressive state or at least that 's what they say but here it applies to a democracy so i see it as irony , though since you can interpret a work of art as you like and it could apply everywhere , as a long lasting piece of litterature , you 're right, 
  sorry they were definitly a majority but that figure does n't come from that stat but another mixed it up sooooo sorry ... ah well now i look like a fool . 
  i 'd like to indicate that 90 % of french resistants during the war were communists, 
  and who provided arms and goods to the uk ? 
  more like selective education : just do n't say it happened and it never did . 
  ironically one of 1984 's themes . 
  principle 2 is the reason the death penalty or maiming is n't part of a working justce system . 
  although you might.want to.be careful with principle 3 , as it could be interpreted as contadicting 2 , even if they can totally work together . 
  but that 's the point : all three must work together . 
  if one dominates the other than the justice system seems unfair . 
  yeah . 
  the government is basically removing citizens,
