multiplayer is still bad but it depends on server/mission , 76 vs 76 could be pretty bad fps wise . 
  edit : http://www.twitch.tv/armafinland as expected fps, 
  baltics western europe confirmed, 
  i do n't read those news alot but i 've always thought this was the case . . why else would he be there with 5k in cash lol . 
  i do n't think it 's about what he was doing there or whatever , but rather kidnapping took place on estonian soil . 
  did n't even notice lol , changed it , 
  [ in english , being updated ] ( http://news.err.ee/v/politics/5cbe0a4d-b999-4f55-a8d5-375c2f090a19/kohver-released-and-back-in-estonia ), 
  today at 3 pm local time , there will be official announcement , if now we could get savisaar to jail , it would be pretty damn good year . 
  also , pevkur already said eston kohver is now in estonia . 
  deal . 
  i 'm glad we rushed into eu and nato . 
   @ / r/europe and beyond, 
  i hope this one-legged corrupt shit goes to jail , big win for estonians . 
  ofcourse we will . 
  i think abortion is illegal in poland . 
  pretty sure estonia has more immigrants as percentage of population . 
  i 've sometimes thought about it and if for some reason we would be invaded , only can only see us and poland helping mostly . 
  how much more then ? 
  well tallinn - stockholm is like 15-18 hours but the ships go slower because mostly people go on that ferry line for partying or whatever but some dfds seaways ships go like twice fast , about 8hr, 
  could of named estonia aswell and made me proud, 
  same here, 
  wow . 
  right now , nato is the european army , kinda . . 
  if russia would be taking whole eastern block , you think they would n't touch germany ? 
  germanys ca n't defend themselves and would have to rely on us , same as eastern europe . 
  i know that in finland , if you are going to work in the morning and have an accident or something , it 's an work accident . 
  the guilt is real . 
  yeah thats what i was thinking also , eesti can not into nordik and latvia potato and things . . atleast you lithuania got some pretty dank vote count . 
  yup nope , clearly it 's voted by countries wealth basically and bit of language i guess or something something . 
  i 'm actually suprised , why estonia has double the votes compared to latvia and lithuania ? 
  maybe i 'm being naive or uninformed about something but nothing good or interesting here . 
  i voted for finland because you know , old `` brothers '' and stuff hehehe and denmark because i think denmark is cool place , i was there for 1 month kinda like `` exchange student '' , each countries students would come to our school and other way around and i really liked my time there , altho it was wicked expensive compared to estonia obviously , but school ( eu moneys ) paid it all for us . 
  well atleast somebody is defending schengen . 
  germany bought more gas from russia than any other european country in 2013 , every single eastern european countries are looking for alternatives and already have made great progress and many do n't depend on russias gas anymore , on the other hand . . germany keeps sucking russias d , funding russia . 
  literally one of the most powerful countries in europe but still depend so much on russias gas , hilarious . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/07/us-ukraine-crisis-baltics-analysis-idusbrea460jn20140507 he is just butthurt german who thinks eastern europe is shit and all our income comes from exporting to russia and what not, 
  ` kaka ' means ` poop ' in estonian . 
  no no , the title is saying that germany is the worlds second largest recipient of asylum applications, 
  just read the previous comments and you will probably understand what i mean . 
  i do n't like the german hate but dude , this should even be considered , ever . 
  if ` actual democracy ' happend in estonia , i do n't wan na imagine what would happen to those russians in estonia . 
  imetaja in estonian , ` ime ' means ` suck ', 
  i do n't think it 's about the number at all , it 's rather about money , sure some racist fucks do n't want them here at all but you know , we will have to take them eventually but there is n't alot of spare money for refugees . 
  better daddy usa then mommy merkel, 
  well , every refugee in hungary was there because of germany , therefor it was your problem all the time . 
  holy fucking shit , is this all legit ? 
  i hope this piece of garbage gets sent back to where he belongs . 
  defianetly one of the best ifv 's out there . 
  okay there is no way there were like no extra explosives in that tank, 
  is latvia planning on purchasing javelins ? 
  well , when it was 4 , it was only lithuanians hosting them , now that estonia built \u00c4mari back up , we got planes there too , also did n't you guys just finish renovating a airbase or are coming close to it ? 
  in reddit , you have to use / s in the end , so people could understand the joke or sarcasm , because some people in western europe actually thing like that . 
  right now , nobody is taking , they are just coming to germany , our borders would probably be open for them if they for some weird reason should choose to make their way here . 
  i do n't think 200 refugees would make us jizz in the pants but us is always welcomed warmly in estonia . 
  refugees / s, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qanmsyebna4 somebody also said they flew over tallinn . 
  do you think a poor guy would help his neighbor who once used to be rich and went bankrupt because his own stupidy , a poor guy who has empty pockets should willingly give his lasts money to his bankrupt neighbor . 
  that aside , helping another eu country is a must . 
  estonia literally has lowest debt % of gdp of all eu countries , estonia does n't ask or take that much eu money that you think . 
  if only we had the control right now to stop europe taking in more refugees . 
  an average of 9.4 people per 100,000 per year were killed in estonia between 1999 and 2001 , and the page you gave , 5.0 people per 100,00 per year , that was in 2011 . 
  i guess we are slowly getting better but i swear , every time i read news or watch tv , it 's always russian names that come up in crime news , maybe some propaganda but who knows . 
  if germany keeps taking so many refugees , who knows , maybe in 20 years we will have muslims leading eu . 
  just curious , where did you pull that number ? 
  maybe i do n't read a lot of estonian media but i very rarely see a news about murder , but i tell you what , when i do , i usually hear names like dmitri , vladimir and so on . . 
  i 'm sorry . . what are you talking about !? 
  i mean the russia eu border thing ? 
  what about it ? 
  what is the common problem ? 
  are you one of those kremlin trolls ? 
  sure there could be room for thousands of refugees in estonia and in long run it could be good for our economy , but estonia is n't rich country and does n't have money to house them and give money monthly and estonian tax payers sure do n't want to pay out of their pocket since alot of estonians live in poverty and payday to payday, 
  no country border lines in baltic with russia ? 
  great , soviet re-union confirmed . 
  well , estonia has population of what , 1,2-3m now ? 
  one of our main `` internet paper '' polls usually have thousands of respondents ( ? ), 
  so a country with 81m people , should n't be too hard to pull 70k or more . 
  literally nothing to do with my country and intelligence , just my opinion . 
  this is probably first time that i 'm happy that estonia is n't wealthy . . atleast some countries got ta keep white race going . 
  i just do n't understand how wont they understand , this is never going to end good , how hard it is to look at other countries ... 
  and this is why eu is never going to work with naive germans in control . 
  oh dear , they do n't realize whats to become . 
  if this shit keeps going on , just make sure you wont be going to america in future years . 
  naive germans thinking that this all will go well . 
  well if germany does n't learn , eu will be fucked . 
  i do n't see why they do n't understand , this all ai n't gon na work , just look at the muslims that are already in europe , uk , france etc. . all the shit that is going on and taking in those refugees ai n't gon na make things better , we ca n't really help or change them , it 's just gon na get more worse . . 
  i do n't want refugees but i 'm not afraid , even if some come to estonia they will probably move on to sweden or something , nothing good here to stay for . 
  i swear i see this topic atleast once a month in this sub . 
  this thread is cancer , just proves that western europe does not understand what soviet era did to eastern europe . 
  currently in finland , have netflix , still using piratebay or popcorn time most of the time , netflix is lacking of content . 
  yes please , whatever happens , i only hope on us and poland . 
  how is that so ? 
  probably same for estonia and lithuania . 
  well estonia has alot of swamps so . . 
  pretty sure it 's only illegal for swedes and estonians to go diving there , maybe finnish people too , not sure . 
  estonia lost lives too for us interests , please defend us from evil :( actually i read few days ago on news that us gave us $ 68m for infrastructure development for our military \u00c4mari airbase and some other base , at tapa , i think thats the place where us tanks stop by . 
  thanks usa , love you . 
  that is a silly way to think about it , just be happy with the 4 we still have . 
  never ever would there even come a hundred to defend baltics , even if any . 
  somebody probably went ` spray and pray ' mode , we all know how that ends out . 
  wow that must of been one hell of a ferry , all i ever see is drunken finns sleeping and pissing themselves under stairs .
