i would support france extanding its nuclear retaliation to any attack on european nations to begin with , hence securing baltic states . 
  but what we need primarly is an effective counter spying agaisnt putin covert ops , and maybe a cold war like fight to undermine russian operations worldwide . 
   if vietnam managed to ware of a us invasion , we can handle putin . 
  north vietnamese forces didnt exactly generate an air force out of thin air . 
  about a third of their forces were chinese or russian . 
  * illegal * putchist eurogay chechen nazi junta of * oligarchs *, 
  [ the chocolatine dispute ] ( http://www.french-news-online.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/thervotemapped.jpg ), 
  hello , how do you see your neighboors ? 
  i have an idea about how you can ressent russia , but what about turkey , armenia and azerbaidjan ? 
  are these countries so close you could study in , have a job or take some vacation , and has your country many exanges with them ? 
  how so ? 
  [ studies ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/match_de_football_france_%e2%80%93_rfa_%281982%29 ) show that german are litterally the worst at football . 
  i love poles because althought they suffered hard in the cold war , and are still not at wetern economies level , they are ready to take responsabilities and show determination against russia . 
  as if he just didnt invade an other countries over this same thing . 
  well , critics about the french economy usually comes out from british and german . 
  yeah , but that is mainly because in france there is a thing we call `` pens\u00e9e unique '' : politicians can only talk about economics if you say you need more redistribution and more debt . 
  divert from this unique thinking and you are labelled as an neo-liberalist ( and that will surely be the case for this guy advocacing for regulations adapted to each fields ), 
  recall me when turdsky was relevant again ? 
  from what i hear from anti euro advocate , having a common money is only good if you have freedom of circulation and redistribution . 
  if you have a common money but no circulation , rich region will accumulate currencies and prices will increase , as if the regions had separate currencies . 
  but , as the money is common , poor governements ( france is rich but its governement is poor because they have huge expanses ) can not print money to refund themselves at the exepense of their money ( and population ) to avoid this situation , budget criteria were set so each state should not plounge themselves into a debt craze , and hence would not need an inflation powered refunding . 
  the problem is that these criteria were disregarded by governements with no long term planing , or even budget were outrighly counterfeited in the case of greece . 
  hence some governement did plunge in debt and are in need of currencies . 
  moreover , i heard that a lot of ukrainian hardware was in crimea and seized by the russian army . 
  judging by how he [ treated the ukrainians ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/opinion/article/ukrainian-refugees-to-repopulate-siberia/506624.html ) , they were more likely to be deported to siberai than executed edit : i answered to the wrong comment . 
  i intended to answer to lazuur 's one, 
  seriously , they are actually very effective , and while no one would believe them , they manage to repeat the same lies over and over again on many channel till most vulnerable people are able to believe them . 
  i downvote because your comment is stupid . 
  hong kong population had time to grow between the english colony and the integration into china , and as many english did leave , most hong kong chinese citizen did devellop a hong kong identity of chinese culture but not communist . 
  look at taiwan for example . 
  generate `` self defense troops '' and set a `` referendum '' leaving the choice between annexation and return to the 1980 's status . 
  and remember kazakhstan , when things start to fell appart , * keep the nukes !, 
  too soon, 
  i would be surprised if one had any reliable number about psychotherapies `` success '' considering the subjectives factors involved . 
  actually , i think that every therapy type may have claim on how his own method is the bestest of all . 
   paul verhaeghe , phd , is senior professor at ghent university and holds the chair of the department for ** psychoanalysis ** while i know about psychology and psychiatry , isent psychoanalysis one of those bogus practice when you are supposed to tell about your mother and explain your troubles by this way ? 
  come to france and relax our workers are doing the same, 
  well , they could protest at the russian embassy . 
  they protest the intervention agaisnt isis , the war in afghanistan , war in mali ... but are nowhere to be seen when russia invade ukraine or georgia , when isis attack irak or wehn bachar use poison gas . 
  it is time we stop calling them `` anti war activist '' but `` assholes '' . 
  there is a deeper problem about russian thinking they own other countries , and while the eu is an attractive force , russia had no right to invade ukraine . 
  well , the problem is not about the opinion of eu countries , most of them were eager to devellop good trade and diplomatic relations with russia , but it lies with russian perception of the eu as a threat to their ambitions and their reaction to this ( invasion of ukraine , pression for the baltic , support to anti eu parties ), 
  to have an influence zone of countries where you maintain good realtions , trade , scientific and cultural exange is a good thing . 
  but wanting to maintain an hegemonic rule on a country while dicatating their policies by mean of force is downright imperalist, 
  i wonder ... dosent the fact that you drive under an ennemy flag make you an ennemy . 
  i mean could someone actually recognise their allegiance to isis and treat them acrodingly to the way you are supposed to treat ennemy fighters , or are we forced to tolerate their deployement in our countries and pretend we dont see them until they behead someone ? 
  research your teacher 's economic views . 
  * if he is keynesian , propose to print money . 
  * if he is liberal , propose to cut public spending and taxes . 
  * if he is communist , propose to nationalise everything . 
  leaving a money while in crisis ? 
  that is a sure way to disaster . 
  while one can create its own money when things are okay , a money created to print money and devaluate wont attract anyone . 
  banks would be bankrupt the same evening this was announced as everybody would rush to save their euros before the governement would seize them . 
  there is also an association to support ukraine in america . 
  it might be more easy for american user to donate to this one directly : www.ukrfreedomfund.org i dont know of any association in western europe enven though i heard about one in uk . 
  oh , i think there must be some guys actually advocating that , but nothing remotely serious . 
  they have some traditions and culinar particularities ... but that is nearly a requirement to be a part of france . 
  but also they lack of oil . 
  by becoming independant they would be quite poor , and many britons rely on a military career . 
  actually , favoritism and corruption are everywhere , not just in corsica . 
  it is easier in rural regions , as there is fewer people and a few good place can buy some families votes , but you can see it everywhere . 
  because local governement are often corrupt and employ thoses they know or like . 
  yes , here it is seen like a threat while it was supposed to be peacefull intimidation . 
  you are supposed to check both cases if you dont want to be relocated in siberia . 
  they also target russian journalist you know : [ several russian journalists say they were attacked while investigating the suspected secret burials of soldiers believed to have been killed in ukraine ] ( http://www.latimes.com/world/europe/la-fg-russia-journalists-attacked-20140827-story.html ) everyone inquiring on the mysterious death in russian army may be subject mysterious accident . 
  how about liberia ? 
  it is a former us colony . 
  phillipines also i think . 
  being landlocked [ is not an excuse ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_argentine ), 
  well , helicopter are hard to learn , and it is best if ukraine pilots can fly the soviet built chopper they trained for instead of a brand new with new commands and new flight behaviour . 
  that or we would need to send `` volunteers '' like russia, 
  in my opinion , duflot was here because of the need to have ecologist in the governement , nothing else . 
  people have spoken , but they have made segolene the second runner of a presidential election , and she is as valid to be a minister as hilary clinton for secretery of state . 
  maybe one of these would not be here withouth gender balance , but more likely , fleur would not be here . 
  well , whatever may be one opinion on the subject of homosexual marriage , taubira did her job with quite some talent and strenght , and fleur pellerin was very active on her subjects and managed to avoid any backslash . 
  being a minister is not that easy , saying anything out of place could end your career and a small error can have disastrous consequence . 
  while segolene did not much and duflot was a walking disaster , i dont think that the wemen of this governement were especially unqualified when compared to men . 
  people look at the programms , but these programm are made to please , not to tell the hard truth . 
  while we can blame politician , it is true that people face the consequence of their choice , but i dont think it is because they dont read , i think it is just because people are just stupid or egoist . 
  voting agaisnt someone though is not that stupid . 
  there was no point in reconducting the failed sarkozy who didnt improve the situation , and you seem to be willing to vote against holland , but people just want to believe the charismatic man telling them everything is going to be okay withouth making any sacrifices . 
  sadly , i dont think he has any support , nor in his party , nor in the society , and he will not manage do to anything . 
  i dont think he was at the heart of the pro buisness turn . 
  it has more to do with the early year failure , the fact that none of his reform did improve the situation and the buisnessman revolt ( pigeons , yes week end , bonnets rouges ) . 
  the responsability pact ... i dont think much of it , and i dont think it will improve the situation . 
  it seem to be more like the minuscule small step you talk of , but bundled together as to appear significiant . 
  some ideas have been launched into the debate : opening week ends and closed professions . 
  thoses may have an effect , but are vigourusly defended by those profiting from the situation . 
  a new governement and a new president could set those reform in motion , but the problem is that candidate tend to believe in their lies and think that they only need to please people in their starting year , instead of doing what is needed . 
  excuse me , werent hungarian occuped by ussr , other ex ussr states seem to still ressent their occupation and are solidar with ukraine . 
  was the ussr occupation un hungary more lenient ? 
  i do think they would be ready to pay a lot to play such a joke on russian , but a few trucks half full of food wont be that much expensive . 
  obviously , if they were anti-imperialist they would not support putin . 
  some of them are i think agaisnt both powers , but i think the majority is ready to support really conservative powers to promote their liberal agenda withouth realising that they are dooming themselves . 
  actually , it is a pretty nice car for fun sunny days . 
  its boat like suspension and air cooled motor ( with a big windmill in front syncronised with the motor regime making its sound unmistakeable ) make it a sensorial experience . 
  but the slim tires and simple coachwork make it less enjoying in cold climates i guess . 
  it is also a treat to the amator mechanic as you can easily mount and dismount parts . 
  far-right is very pro putin .
