  i am pretty sure they consider that an act of war but are already strugling to repel russian paramilitaries . 
  no doubt this will be remembered . 
  wow so edgy dat username much trolling, 
   american linguist , philosopher , cognitive scientist , logician , political commentator , social justice activist , and anarcho-syndicalist advocate . 
  woah ... i know this tool was very pretentious , but it is funny to see such a list . 
  when a site nammed popular resistance defend a fachist invasion , you know orwell was right . 
  that will be hilarious when they will bring down the greek regime as they will crumble . 
  maybe hilarious is not a good term , but syriza is so full of shit , i might have a bit of schadenfreude, 
  i heard they have a great plan though : blame germany even more . 
  what do you mean ? 
  he introduced many reforms , such as simpler numerals , and etablished schools that boosted europe out of post antiquity . 
  to bad his son did tear up his kingdom appart . 
  greeks , dont loose hope , captain obvious has come to save your economy !, 
  it can go worse . 
  if greece goes bankrupt and cops arent paid , then you 'll see riot you wish you never saw . 
  its already grumbling, 
  yeah , they are internal french problems , but it is difficult to ask for greece to reform their pensions and labour market when your own is in desesperate need for these same reforms . 
  morover , france cant afford to put as much money as germany on the table . 
  while france is determined to maintain europe , other countries may think we could not negociate because of this , and we wont have the support of central european countries . 
  money , employement and coherent political position . 
  but if you embargoes them , then you are taking a respressive measure against a forgein regime just because you would like that they adopt yours . 
   i also hate commies . 
  that was already understated in the first paragraph . 
  but wouldnt it be neocolonialism if we forced all those third world regimes to adopt our democracy ? 
  checkmate slacktivists !, 
  merkel is more powerfull than ever , and we are in face of a crisis . 
  if there is a time for her to call for executive power in order to manage the grisis , its now . 
  thanks . 
  i did recall that part , but for me , the polish plumber was more a `` no '' argument than anything , and i had no idea it was a domestic law . 
  i really dont recall this . 
  edit :  the french gov tried to pass in sneaky work-related clauses on the other hand , the left `` no '' side made a campaign of lies , pretending that if we rejected it , we would have a better text with a lot of social advantages and free ice cream . 
  a bit like how the greek did ... wait they actually did literally the same thing !, 
  the lisbon treaty had technical measures that were necessary but was indeed , not a constitution . 
  eu seem to be governed by informal rules when matter are urgent . 
  it is worse for the greek that are feed with an exterior ennemy and will devellop feeling of xenophobia over time . 
  this will not end well , and i wonder if syriza goal was actually to leave europe altogether , but as they proceded with their referendum and did not make as much as they excpected , they decided to buy time to make the hate grow . 
  more like borrowing time than buying it . 
   the 60 % of us that do want to or do n't mind are illiterate fucks . 
  fixed that for you . 
  and i think their illiteracy concern mostly economy and politics . 
  the problem is that no one trust tsiprass to use these year in efficient reforms . 
  he is just gon na subsidy public sector for electoral gain . 
   here is the speech ( english ) that is some weird english you have here . 
   once growth occurs the sad thing is that it is exactly france 's president for his reelection : hope for growth to occur . 
  spoiler : the situation did stagnate , unlike his impopularity . 
  ha ... i think so . 
  yet his statement are regulary posted here ... i wonder why . 
  he and friedman should open their own publication instead of sending letter and letter . 
  and by lizard people , i assume you mean merkel . 
   it 's hard to evade . 
  you actaully just have to stockpile euro in paper and europeans banks . 
  i think most of the greeks elites have already done this . 
  if they print drachma withouth taking that into account , greece could soon find herself in a zimbabwe situation . 
  i just posted it . 
  you must have clicked `` new '', 
  yeah ... but we are actuallyfar past this point as greece didnt even consider deep reforms and torpedoed the littles one europe asked ( pension cuts , less fiscal paradise in islands ) now the only question is `` are we okay for a grexit ? '', 
  france has already invested a lot of money to bail out the greek . 
  only germany has given more money than us , and we are far from their economic and politic situation . 
  i think he never wanted a deal to begin with . 
  grexit has always been his real goal . 
  the last minute referendum clearly show he wanted a way to reject a deal while passing the blame on his population . 
  i know france and italy were the last greek support , but i indeed saw a piece of news about the italian prime minister starting to lash out at the greeks : [ greek crisis not due to ` mean germans ' : italy ] ( http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/business/greek-crisis-not-due-to-mean-germans-italy/articleshow/47971232.cms ) i should post it . 
  two news suggest the grexit is assured : merkel seem for it , and france seem against it . 
  from all the satire links about varoufakis that were spammed these last day , my favorite is still the one in which he resign after the no vote although he had promised to resign if the yes passed . 
  also pay attention if your leader decide to make an impromptu referendum , and remember to check if they are only seeking to pass the exit responsability on you . 
  far cry 3, 
  it wasent really relevant when it was published , but now , it is more relevant as ever . 
  the capitalists are those who say they deserve more money . 
  we , the communists , are the opposite as we say that we deserve more money . 
  next on rt : how russia is the healthiest nation in the world !, 
  obesity in sharp decline . 
   mostly french people thinking they are something special and that their language matters . 
  it doesnt . 
  perfect , so it wont matter if we keep this on . 
  i wouldnt trust that results . 
  even if the pool are correct , angry people are more likely to vote than those with little concern . 
  this could give a big advantage in mobilisation for one of these side . 
  that depends . 
  when you will run out of money , will you claim that those who gave you the money of being the ones who put you on your current situation ? 
  yes , it could have been said better . 
  by exemple she could have said ** which actions ** were to be taken , but she choose to stay ellusive as always . 
  lurk and post softly in order to have a clean record 2 . 
  get promoted as / r/europe moderator 3 . 
  create a title with english and french words 4 . 
  no one can remove it 5 . 
  the anglais sont very much troll\u00e9s, 
  i am not an expert myself , but i think the risk could be that the greek could issue a new currency withouth destroying their current greek issued euros . 
  morover , a greek default by itslef , even withouth a grexit would be a net loss for the states that lend money to greece . 
  great . 
  lets start with the channel islands . 
  more like a commonpoor, 
   they were developed in an effort to make the exploitation more efficient . 
  they were develloped for a variety of reasons : to build cash crops , to have safe harbors on the other side of the globe , to secure trade routes , and even some time for humanitarian or religious pretexts . 
  colonisation isent defined as someone which was denounced by the marxists , but as other men taking over a territory and ruling it , whether it was for profit or for other reasons , and making a new colony to settle migrants will still be a colony . 
  take australia by exemple . 
  and the childish image of `` whiteys took all our riches so we are poor '' is as caricatural as the `` white man 's burden '', 
  it may be a win-win scenario and consensual , but it is still basically colonisation . 
  colonisation rarely aim to `` take all the profits '' . 
  it is mostly far left rhetoric . 
  most colonies were develloped a lot by their colonisers .
