  more likely , there was a lot of tension in both parties . 
  the tories being in a difficult situation they created themselves and the labour with a difficult leader . 
  the mp were surely on edge and when the situation loosed all serious , everything did break off like a broken dam . 
  you can see a similar behaviour well illustrated in the movie [ `` the confession '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_confession_%281970_film%29 ) when after a lot of psychological pressure and buildup , something funny happen and even the guards arent able to hold it anymore . 
  the only problem is that , at least in france , there isent the same level of separation between far left and left than between far right and right . 
  far leftists are often invited in centre left debates and sometime switch parties , whereas the far right is clanic and closed on themselves . 
  well , considering how far right is often even more antisemitic than the far left , i dont think it is odd that jews would tend to be more leftists , even if the far left has often a problem with them . 
  i 'm just asking questions . 
  would sputniknews and globalresearch suit you ? 
  russia is part of united nation , so they would accept a peacekeeper corps who would be put on place unilaterally by them and progressively transit to russian regular forces while the anshluss is officialised . 
   a terrorist organisation , the other is a un sc member state your point is that one is recognised at the international level and the other is not ? 
  have no doubt that if the islamic state succeed they will one day be recognised on the same level as iran or saoudi arabia . 
  their form dosent matter , the only important thing is whether they are ennemies or not , and while isis is openly an ennemy of every western state , russia is a `` cold '' ennemy who dosent openly declare war but use its ressources to undermine europe . 
  there may be different level of treason , but both of these are in my definition of treason . 
  well , in the vast pool of russian athletes , there are surely a certain proportion of pro putin and pro freedom athlete , but i suspect the latter are more cautious than the first if they value their carrer . 
  hate to be this guy , but did they actually asked the russian if they thought * other russians * were afraid to anwer to polls ? 
  was that a way to make the actual answer more easy ( like when you tell a story `` about a guy '' which is actually about you ) ? 
   everything is normal that the cue to panic . 
  wait ... you mind will be even more blown : literally anybody can create literally any wikipedia article . 
   the west is kind of responsible for the state of the middle east ( not for the conflict in general , but for the escalation ) . 
  the west is always responsible . 
  when we intervene we are responsible for every civilian causailty or every person who lost his job as an opressor , and when we dont we are responsible for what we let do and the dictatorship we help by maintaining relation with them . 
  shame shame shame, 
  though on the syria votes , it was agreed that each mp could vote as they wanted : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/nov/30/syria-airstrikes-jeremy-corbyn-gives-labour-mps-free-vote, 
  what is interesting here is that while corbyn seem to value opposition and debte , he is quick to tackle down any member who wouldnt follow his step . 
  on the whole , he seem to be only a megalomaniac hypocrite . 
  are you able to elaborate ? 
  so , the russian trolls are now trying to impersonate us agency to smear them . 
  i wouldnt be surprised if it was an official russian secret service operation . 
   traduit du n\u00e9erlandais par monique nagielkopf translated from dutch he went to adress a letter to our president about the word he did use in dutch ? 
  he thought that `` hollande '' was his origin surely . 
  well , we could judge honesty by estimating whether they bomb isis or other groups while claiming to bomb isis , but turkey and russia would still be at the bottom . 
  i think you have some serious misconception first . 
  israel is not occuping the middle east but they have separated territories under israeli and palestinian administration while controlling the palestinian border in order to avoid a arm buildup . 
  if islamists can not live with french in security , i dont see why we sould still occupy these people . 
  we have enough land and even a few island . 
  it would be conceivable to use some to make a banlieunistan administration with stricttly controlled borders so they could leave in peace withouth posing a threat to anyone . 
  reintroducing the draft would be a good thing anyway to recreate a bit of national cohesion, 
   targeted actions against networks freedom of reunion . 
  until you can prove they are planing to carry out an attack , you are just `` opressing religious groups '' . 
   proper integration of any religious authorities in european countries . 
  there were many attemps at this ... all failed as muslim did not rally to thoses `` official council ''  reduce oil dependecy all the terrorists were from the european union . 
   create social justice actually it is the opposite . 
  we have one of the more egaliatarian politics with lots of aids for unemployed , families and housing , but it turn out that feeling rejected from the labor market make more angry men than if they were working in poor conditions . 
  when you work you are integrated in a soicial network and must take into account others . 
  when you are at home and perceive subsidies , you run thing in your head and sometime turn to hate . 
  we should dump our unemployement policies as poor workers are a better alternative than unemployed people on subsidies . 
  what do you propose to do with the djiadists in europe by the way ? 
  monitor them until they attack ? 
  thats what we have been doing till now . 
  its at the same time very upvoted but also very downvoted :  56 points ( 66 % de votes positifs ), 
  it depends on who is doing the propaganda . 
  we are often depicted as israel lackey by arabs , as american lackey by leftists and as qatar lackeys by far right , but saoudi arabia is the new trend . 
  you would need more than just a plan to prove that one had the intent to do a specific action . 
  yeah , lets send him there to etablish one !, 
   thousands of euros worth of weapons which is pretty low by adult standards . 
  hell , most cars are worths tens of thousands of euros . 
  well , i dont think you can arrest someone for posessing extremists pamphlets . 
  there was a lot of people who claimed too that any people with knowledge of ussr would understand that it was really a worker paradise and the rumours about opression and goulag were just cia propaganda . 
  just saying . 
  people are rushing to say that this time those absolute rating are not a fabrication but a genuine show of people adhesion to putin . 
  just like they were rushing to proclaim that ussr was really a worker paradise and how everybody liked stalin . 
  not learning history condemn you to repeat it . 
  what ... isent that the opposite ? 
  they thought it would hit greece hard and then they would be forced to reform themselves , and where to the point of deciding the huamnitarian help for this period . 
   if greece actually did well after leaving the ez that is a pretty big if . 
  in switzerland , the only privacy is banking privacy . 
  if you have to do something illegal , do it in a bank . 
  yeah , what are they doing ? 
  they should have named an old oligarch !, 
   how can they afford to run a farm with only 50 head ? 
  they dont , and that is the problem . 
  most french exploitations are unsustainable and no farm is above 1 000 head . 
  the rare attempts at making such massive `` cow factories '' are met with protests by either local residents or ecological groups . 
  i still oppose vehemently the farmer syndicate blocus while i am being concerned by the farmer suicide epidemic . 
  those blocus were made to divert anger and not to solve anything , and while we should all bash our politics for their inaction , i dont support their way of protest or even their revendications as i dont think that the syndicates claim would have solved anything ( and in fact it dosent seem that the fixed pork price did fix anything ), 
  working with animals is one thing . 
  having no evenings or week ends because you need to feed 50 + cow early in the morning and late in the night each day for all your life is an other thing . 
  only with a cooperative family or cheap employes can you hope to maintain a cow exploitation withouth ending yourself , and french law dont allow cheap part time workers and think each individual should earn enough to afford a decent life in paris , even if parking place in downton paris is worth a mansion in a poverty ridden rural aera . 
  the problem is that french farming has been slow to adapt , and while those making grain are realtively confortables , thoses with cows or pigs are hit hard with lowering prices and their buildings can not swift easily to an other production . 
  morover , they have to attend their animals daily and it is quite a rude life leading to social isolation . 
  there were attempts tu build `` factory farms '' employing farmer as salarymen to attend a lot of cows , but thoses attemps were rejected by communities as it broke the traditional farm model . 
  your premise are so false that you are either totally brainwashed or a member of the russian propagandist . 
  first , educate yourself on the ukrainian revolution , and i mean not by putin today official propaganda . 
  lol , putin `` duty '' to invade crimea is exactly as german duty to invade poland to expand his vital space . 
  putin is following hitler footsptep both in propaganda and militarism . 
  invade forgein countries and claim a conspiration to justify his fachist politics and repression of opposition while making propaganda channels to brainwash his people . 
  it seem to be working considering the number of people that are following this orwellian alternative history written by kremlin propagandists, 
  i am simply underlying how the fact that war would be brought to your country seems unbelieveable ... till it actually happen . 
  putin is know for using military options on his neighbours to expand his territory , and while seems like a thing of the past for europeans , it is still a possible strategy for russia , and shouldnt be disregarded . 
  i cant believe that you would really think that putin would invade ukraine if there was a revolution ... it 's ridicolous, 
   electronicintifada.net sounds reliable / s, 
   hopefuly the up-side , yet when the bread fall , the buttered side is always the one to hit the ground . 
  well , considering putin reacted to the simple evocation of a possible protest ( not even the protest itself ) i 'll say he is super wrong on this point . 
   stop the war vice-chairman chris nineham said the group would not organise demonstrations outside the russian embassy in london . 
   its aim was to `` make a difference to what britain does '' and what its allies do , he told bbc radio 4 's today programme , adding : `` but if we have a protest outside the russian embassy , it would n't make a blind bit of difference as to what putin does , because we are in britain and we are in the west . 
   `` and , not only that - a protest outside the russian embassy would actually contribute to increasing the hysteria and the jingoism that is being whipped up at the moment against russia . '', 
  so like cold war one sided pacifists , it seem this coalition was only a russian influence group all along , not caring about the war but on putin 's order . 
  i mean , conspiracies theories such as the jews/americans being actually behind the eu . 
  no , they are happy that uk is leaving and celebrating .
