more, 
  haha be a man !, 
  23:15 here , currently getting some coffee , will be getting up at 07 . 
  aint nuthin but a thang . 
  you 're not finnish if you 're not brewing coffee, 
  bushcraft thread , i 'll start : [ ray mears bushcraft ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th6eollk0da ), 
  bushcraft thread , i 'll start : [ ray mears bushcraft s01e01 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th6eollk0da ), 
  north korea is hamstringed by the lack of communication between citizens . 
  any uprisings are squashed before they get wide-spread . 
  right , you guys did a good jump writing down events in the video , but what caused all of this ? 
  because if you pay for premium you use the premium camo . 
  does n't matter which map it is . 
  picture 9 : per morberg swedes will know . 
  my brother is in valencia . 
  do you think it 's necessary to raise concern , or is that just me being paranoid ? 
  shit . 
  my brother is in valencia . 
  i 'm considering notifying him , do you think that is necessary ? 
  or is that just me being paranoid ? 
  now make one that only includes ages 18-30 . 
  numbers will skyrocket . 
  although the motives of sd is controversial and questionable , they do help bring awareness to the in-need-of-discussion area of immigration and integration . 
  it 's been completely irresponsible over the past decades , and i 'm glad that the opinions of the people is being shoved in the political-correctness , anal face of mainstream sweden . 
  wait , what ? 
  you define `` being european '' as an appreciation of democracy and democratic aspects ? 
  that 's just plain silly . 
  alright , thanks . 
  looks like investing in greece will soon be a thing , no ? 
  ra 's al ghul , is that you ? 
  could you elaborate on your third point , i do n't understand what you mean with ` seasonal adjustment ' . 
  the article states that the growth of 0,6 % is due to a surge in tourism aswell as signs ( whatever that means ) of rebound in investment . 
  that 's overall growth by the way , not just growth in the tourism industry . 
  gymnasium * `` high school '' is not a correct translation because the systems themselves do n't translate . 
  sorry for being * that * guy . 
  germany will help you get back to russia where you can start a revolution and overthrow the totalitarian dictatorship . 
   ~ ~ sweden ~ ~ ~ ~ stockholm ~ ~ sj is in shock every time we get the first snow , like we never get it or something ... 
  i mean we have snow every year . 
  ftfy, 
  source, 
  [ ** sebastien chabal ** ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/img//galleries/chabalgallery/chabal01_322x450.jpg ), 
  i think cahill did a pretty good job in some games, 
  finally decided to share some of that oil , ey ? 
  well , come on in !, 
  sounds like a town on the shetlands , imo, 
  costoslinki also , i like the fact that estonia started this whole train of comments , but no one includes estonia in the name . 
  really holds some symbolism to it . 
  all hail glorious eternal leader angela merkel, 
  is n't britain , and other members of the commonwealth of nations , very high ranking in social welfare ? 
  i do n't know , man . 
  a monetary union , without a central body covering the same area , with fiscal power , has its complications . 
  that 's just a ridiculous , blatantly racist point . 
  racial biology , and it 's praise , is a thing of the past . 
  the problem here is that we 've done a horrible job integrating refugees in the past , and now we 're going for an incredibly large batch . 
  sure , we need labour force , but this is not the way to go about acquiring it . 
  alien blue . 
  it 's an old version though . 
  oh , was on mobile, 
  why would you automaticly assume he 's american ? 
  implying that nsfl-content must have gore . 
  two guys were executed on film , just because you do n't get affected by it does n't mean other people wo n't . 
  good . 
  let them . 
  hopefully we 'll get some funny contributions like the trololo-song . 
  so it is as extensive as i hoped . 
  very well , i 'm home now so here goes . 
  cheers for linking , anyways . 
  maybe i 'm asking for too much , but i 'm at work and ca n't watch this now . 
  would you mind summarizing this ? 
  ok , sure , i suppose i exaggerated a bit . 
  but it 's definetly true that a flag will in some cases make most people raise an eyebrow , even though the flagger does n't promote anything distinctly racist . 
  science contribution hardly worth mentioning ? 
  what, 
  forgot to remove your flair inb4 missed sarcasm, 
  that 's funny because the political correctness in sweden has gotten to the point where flagging is associated with nationalism and racism - unless it 's done by the government to celebrate some national holiday , then it 's fine . 
  this is due to the heavy influence of mainstream , shallow american music . 
  i like to think so atleast . 
  most people in the big cities have ` better ' taste though . 
  on behalf of sweden , because of a thing called the jante-law . 
  it 's the notion that you 're nothing special . 
  a remnant from hardcore socialist days , but i guess it could have been around for longer than that . 
  this is the first thing in the thread i can truely identify with . 
  but then again , like many have stated as a stereotype , after a few drinks i 'm sure i 'd start socializing . 
  stockholmers do have a smugness to them , but xenophobia is much more concentrated to the countryside and smaller cities , man . 
  jawoll, 
  i do n't mind the posts rolling out unregulated , i 'm just saying that it would be more interesting if there would only be one post for a certain period . 
  otherwise we 'd definetly get threads about some countries , that flies by unnoticed . 
  yeah that sounds more reasonable . 
  the alternative would be people freely making these threads . 
  that could mean several a day and inconsistent quality of the post and thread participation . 
  i think it 's necessary , yeah . 
  this is what i found http://dailycurrant.com/2013/04/22/sarah-palin-calls-invasion-czech-republic/ . 
  i 'm not familiar with that news site so could be made up i suppose . 
  i 'm serious !, 
  i 'm at work , so ca n't check if it 's true - but you try googling it !, 
  i 'm sure she said it . 
  yeah had forgotten that !, 
  did n't sarah palin call for an invasion of the czech republic ? 
  obviously i can only speak for myself . 
  for your information , i am swedish . 
  would say : interesting , sketchy , `` bohemia '' , makes porn ...
