  i once worked with a czech on a construction job , and he was very pleasant . 
  smoked alot . 
  would say that my attitude is kind of conflicted . 
  czech 's are in the middle , so they share the attitude i have against eastern europeans ( which comes from the tricky relations sweden has had with russians , not to mention that russians are fucking crazy ) aswell as being considered `` good '' , the way i feel about western europe . 
  obviously these are all heavy prejudice ( s ? ) . 
  i would never apply these in an encounter with a czech , or anyone else for that matter . 
  i do n't see how you could have a view-point that saying `` im german '' does n't have the meaning : * german relatives * german origin * residence in germany * german-speaking * lives in and/or by german culture * german family obviously you do n't have to qualify for all of these to call yourself german , but most of them . 
  i 'd say that second generation ( and beyond ) germans living in america ca n't fully call themselves german , regardless . 
  the american culture and way of life has had a far greater impact than any , say , german-traditional grandfather could 've had on you . 
  answering `` german '' to the question `` what are you '' is silly . 
  you 're implying that whatever heritage you have is your identity , which it is n't . 
  judging by your logic i should be valonian , german , french , belgian and swedish . 
  i 'm not , i 'm simply swedish - even if i have a few ancestors several generations back that came from around europe . 
  you 're not german , you 're american . 
  no one is asking where you 're ancestors 5 generations back are from . 
  i 'm swedish and i have a friend ( also swedish ) who 's studied in the usa . 
  he said he once met a person , introduced himself and said he was from sweden , where the same person replied `` i 'm swedish too ! '' . 
  turned out she had swedish ancestors like 6 generations back , and obviously did n't know anything about swedish culture or spoke the language . 
  that is a perfect example of a not valid claim of heritage , which according to my friend is quite common . 
  a valid claim would be like other people in the thread have stated : * intimate knowledge and understanding of the culture * moderate or perfect understanding of the language * close relations with claimed country of origin . 
  relatives alive , regularly visiting sweden - - to name a few examples . 
  i 'm sure there could be several points that added , aswell as rules for how those points would be applied . 
  good to hear not everyone in turkey is in denial . 
  so , gotten to sweden yet ? 
  tell my wife i love her , even though she fucked my wife . 
  implying socialism is badly received here, 
  shit , va pin, 
  on the top of my head you had a muslim woman , an asian man and a ( presumably ) romanian beggar in the album . 
  what other albums are you talking about ? 
  the romanian one had both sides presented , take the drunk that had wet himself for instance . 
  never the less , this displays the life in stockholm and - believe or not - this is an accurate depiction ( apart from the raggare , those are found in rural areas ) . 
  i know , because i live in stockholm . 
  in what sense ? 
  sure , there are conflicts that have a much more complex background and nature , but i still reckon it boils down to differences between groups of people - which is manifested through the concept of `` nations '' among other things that make out a seperated group . 
  not to mention the fact that in this day and age , with super-fast communication and connection all over the globe , national boundaries hold very little value in terms of goals , desires etc. 
  people are citizens of the world , not sweden , germany , the usa , india . 
  sure , culture has a significance , but when we 're talking politics or economics everyone has the same basic desires and the goal should always be to improve the standings of your peers in the world , rather than your next door neighbour . 
  that is why we still have conflicts in the world , because people are too obsessed with the backwards idea of nationalism . 
  sweden would help , if not the regular army then volunteers . 
  i know i would volunteer . 
  lol . 
  without your oil you 'd still be a simple fishing-nation . 
  yeah well , that 's the downside of being the scandinavian powerhouse . 
  in sweden it is pronounced `` evro '' , though spelled `` euro '' . 
  the * victims * are protesting by blocking the entrance and exit to the parliament . 
  protesting is their right . 
  the police can then either watch or arrest , and they choose to arrest , and thereby denying their right to protest and breaking the law . 
  just because they are n't tazing them or using police brutality it is still violence . 
  read the description ofthe video . 
  they were blocking government officials & co. from entering or exiting the parliament . 
  currently studying business and economics with german simultaneously , so germany would definitely be an option . 
  i 'm not sure though - uk , ireland , norway , canada are also countries that i would like to live in . 
  i 'm basing this purely on anecdotal and biased general information etc. , and since i still have a few years until graduation i wo n't be investigating my options seriously yet . 
  but the requisites are a western state with proper welfare , and i will obviously not go anywhere until i can get a job where it is i am going . 
  no , why would we try to solve the problem at its roots when we can simply move an entire population to our country !, 
  surely our infrastructure and welfare-state can handle it !, 
  also , eastern europe is n't having none of it . 
  because they realise it would n't fucking work . 
   would rather leave eu - eastern europe, 
  i do n't plan on sticking around for that . 
  as soon as i 'm graduating i 'm finding a job abroad and i 'm going . 
  i 'm fucking sick of it at this point . 
  going to need some quotations on that . 
  but , if true , wild speculation : i have a pre-existing hypothesis that it is lower class and lower middleclass citizens that commit most crimes ( might already be determined ) . 
  now , considering that the system in sweden is set up to help refugees their first few years in sweden , rather than investing in the long-term , it creates a bad situation . 
  such investments would be , primarily , expanded education . 
  make the education better , and more easily accessible to immigrants . 
  because as it stands , it 's shitty and barely any of them properly learn the language or any other marketable skills . 
  assuming this is true , that means that these people will wind up working shitty jobs , or no jobs at all . 
  this will make the generation after them , aswell as themselves , more inclined to turn to crime . 
  this has probably been true in most societies forever , meaning that before we had immigrants we had `` our '' people doing the dirty work of committing crime . 
  so , do you see where i 'm getting ? 
  we have switched out our lower middleclass and lower class for foreigners . 
  because of this , they are the `` only '' ones committing crime . 
  now , if what you said was true , what does what i said have anything to do with it ? 
  well , since the immigrant population in sweden is around 2 out of 10 million or something similar , we would have a reduced amount of crime . 
  the immigrants are fewer than what the previous lower class , middle class was - but now it is a lot more concentrated . 
  information technology has enabled the western world to cast judgement on each other instantly . 
  that coupled with the fact that after wwii , western europe was considered - in contrast against soviet union - the bastion of common sense and goodness . 
  when the soviet union fell and there remained no clear antagonist , the western world has desperatly made their goodness more and more extreme due to lack of reference , so they can get that sweet , sweet stimuli . 
  seriously , it 's like a malfunctioning bot that is trying to accomplish something , but it ca n't , so it just executes more and more extreme commands as time goes on . 
  very well put . 
  i 'm against immigration , but unlike most people who also are , it 's not a matter of xenophobia . 
  integration in sweden is horrible , and it has been for quite some time . 
  whether or not this is due to lack of funds , bad infrastructure , incompetent approach or disorganisation , i do not know . 
  i do know however that we are not properly taking care of those that are arriving , and we are not equipped to take in any more . 
  sure , we * could * take more refugees in , but down the road that would only multiply with the bad outcome . 
  what we need to do is give our politicians and the media a wake-up call . 
  policies have to change , and we must start to take proper care of the refugees we have taken in . 
  this is how it currently is * refugees are given swedish courses , which very few walk out of more competent of the language * they get put - do n't have any other choice due to shortage of housing - in suburbs which makes the whole situation really live up to the meaning of the word segregation . 
  * because we do n't give them proper education regarding the language and culture , the only ones who will hire them is the state - but due to insufficient capabilities to speak swedish they wind up driving our busses and performing under `` low-skill '' jobs . 
  acacdemics , driving busses . 
  * the educational system has not been properly upgraded and reinforced to handle the increased workload . 
  in the suburbs you have teachers who have 40 kids in one class , with limited resources . 
  * because of the situation on the job market , the bad education , and the segregation people become frustrated . 
  frustration and a disadvantaged situation often makes a lot of people turn to crime . 
  which is what has happend . 
  this is where controversy * really * begins . 
  although i do n't remember a single study ever being made of this , i can guarantee you a vast majority of criminals would be immigrants/refugees . 
  now , i hope you realise that i 'm not saying this is an issue of ethnicity or race , but instead of improper integration .
