  the problem with this is that it turns the population racist , because they do n't realise that the behaviour of * some * of them is a product of their environment , and neither does it accurately define the entire group . 
  what 's your take on the situation , then ? 
  ... which would trigger some serious internal conflicts . 
  keep in mind that there will also be a small amount of people that were `` too afraid '' to vote sd , and instead went with a conventional choice . 
  when the results emerge , and the coalition is formed , you can bet there will be more than 49 % of the population that will voice their concerns , at which point democracy will also have been seriously infringed upon . 
  because of this , i find it unlikely that * every single * opposition party will stand in solidarity and neglect the opportunity to be part of government , even if it would be with sd . 
  shelby family , eh ? 
  another similarity i noticed was the chorus of austria 's contribution reminded me a lot of the scientist by coldplay . 
  particularly the part where chris martin sings `` nobody said it was * easyyyy * . 
  she also looked like a disney princess, 
  they did ? 
  also , how does this jury/televoting system work ? 
  i 'm out of the loop here , why is belgium russians puppet ? 
  what have they done to show this ? 
  not to mention that germany is only one country so one ca n't say `` it did n't really matter '' then . 
  lithuania ( i think ) gave zero points to russia , when * so * many had done the opposite . 
  it certainly came into the equation there . 
  well , i think . 
  this thread is really confusing . 
  sent from iphone, 
  thanks, 
  can someone please give me some reassuring words regarding flying ? 
  i 've been scared of flying my entire life but has kind of overcome it the last few years . 
  this crash is seriously undoing my progress . 
  get over yourself , no one is blatantly racist on here . 
  except for those -20 comments at the bottom . 
  muh humanitarian superpower !, 
  ( literally what our politicians call us ), 
  i think the guy means that these figures represent the ability for refugees to integrate/assimilate over a period where it was , compared to now , not as chaotic or in the same scale . 
  i do n't know what country you 're from , but from personal experience ( and i 've lived in three different cities in sweden ) few muslims have integrated very well . 
  sure , it 's only a minority who 've gotten violent and hostile , but the absence of that is not the criteria for `` integrated '' . 
  sure enough , but i feel like *** not a single politician *** have even considered the potential consequences of taking in people with a vastly different culture and religion . 
  we 're seeing those consequences right now , with growing segregation in countries that have taken in a lot of people ( belgium , france , sweden , etc. ) . 
  at the end of the day , human nature can not be circumvented -- no matter how many times the baby boomers tell you that it can . 
  and that nature is that we do n't like diversity , plain and simple . 
  sure , you can enjoy other cultures and be fascinated with them , but when it is imposed onto you , en masse , you will see unrest in a society . 
  this applies to * both * migrants and the native population . 
  with eastern europeans there is a different scenario , because you guys are different , yes , but not * that * different . 
  similar ethnicity , and similar culture . 
  although not identical , we are much more tolerant of each other because of the similarities . 
  with africans , arabs , syrians , persians , the story is not the same . 
  it 's simply not compatible in the way that mainstream politicians have been * trying * to make it the past few decades . 
  so although you can say that it 's our moral obligation to help people fleeing war from far regions , we have to consider the consequences of doing so . 
  that consequence is that you make your society become segregated , with increased ethic tension and violence . 
  i agree , this makes me sound like an inhumane asshole , but you have to consider the stability in the world . 
  in this matter , i consider myself a * utilitarian * , and to pursue the immigration policy that europe has in the past few decades , was a mistake . 
  this applies only to immigration and ethnic unrest in europe . 
  as for todays and recent terrorist attacks , that 's a direct result of foreign policies pursued by the west ( * cough * u.s.a. * cough * ) . 
  sweden aswell . 
  i do n't know what their wish is , polarise societies with large muslim minorities or ; attack nations which has foreign policies that they do n't like . 
  if it is the latter then sweden is off the hook . 
  if it is the former ... 
  except that will only radicalize the population even more than it is , leading to more terrorism . 
  tell you the truth , the world is better off if no one meddles in another region 's affairs ; no one has managed to do it succesfully so far . 
  i 'd venture to say that the growth of is is a direct result in u.s. interventions in the middle-east but above all their invasion of iraq . 
  translation of the current text on the source page  tre personer \u00f6ppnade under fredagen i foaj\u00e9n p\u00e5 ett hotell i dublin under fredagen . 
  three people opened fire in the entrance of a dublin hotel , during friday . 
  the men were dressed in police uniforms and armed with automatic firearms . 
  you must not understand what a meritocracy is, 
  what was your point then ? 
  true , but that does n't mean we should accept what is going on . 
  remember that old video that featured austria ( i think ) , which was incredibly well done ? 
  it was made from like ~ ~ 30 ~ ~ 5 tb of footage or something , and it was only five minutes long . 
  i believe i have it saved somewhere ... edit : yup , found it !, 
  this is , * a taste of austria * : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjngdax85ai . 
  that is a speculation within a speculation . 
  there 's still no knowing wether the jet violated turkish airspace or not . 
  if that would be the case , then they would be within right to shoot it down , * especially after having repeatedly told the russians to not violate turkish airspace * . 
  if the jet did not do this , then we can only speculate as for what the reason of shooting it down would be , and imo your speculation is radical . 
  why would n't they just act in accordance with their biggest nato ally , usa , and undermine the russian influence in the area ? 
  there are * tons * of nations with geopolitical interests in this region , and allowing russia to gain influence in the area is not alligned with nato and israeli interests . 
  how do you feel about people uploading or hashtagging #prayforparis to their facebook , or using the teporary profile feature , etc. 
  hey , you seem like a funny guy . 
  tell me a joke . 
  alright now we just need someone who has any idea whatsoever what to do with that information . 
  i just know that we probably need that info to calculate the distance . 
  and the lens as well . 
  otherwise we 'd just be guessing on the distance traveled . 
  hahaha what the fuck is going on, 
  i do n't really get how people draw the conclusion of ww iii arising out of this . 
  sure , down the line , in some indirect way , i guess it could ? 
  but millions of other things could as well . 
  i do n't see how an already unstable region getting more unstable leads to wwiii . 
  i mean , it would disasterous , but not in the scale of a world war . 
  anyone wan na change my view ? 
  which is hardly the reasoning behind anyone in a position like his . 
  if all he desired were riches and wealth , he 'd have retired to a villa by the black sea ages ago . 
  if his country is doing badly , putin is not pleased -- even if he 's personally secured , financially . 
  `` hotel hate '' is just too good, 
  appears to be roundabout 165cm in europe , same wingspan . 
  assuming 1:1 wingspan-height ratio , and those two being of average femal size , it 's fair to say that almost all men and most women could hold that sheet while extending their arms . 
  i mean , one person could hold it too, 
  honestly sounded like school 's shitty children 's choir . 
  i tried googling but could n't find anything . 
  do you know if the macedonian flag has any relation to the flag of byzantium ? 
  they have a striking resemblance ,, 
  the trial should be quick and without much hinderance then . 
  since we see a segregation between ethnic swedes and middle-eastern immigrants the cultures are quite distinct , even after 1-2 generations . 
  so while the grandchildren are born in sweden , with swedish citizenship , it 's disingenuous to consider them `` swedish '' in a cultural sense . 
  hey , if anything you 're the one implying that the guy above was considering `` swedish '' to be an ethnic property rather than a cultural one -- that 's kind of racist if you ask me .
