  i do n't get this one . 
  do you guys not have honey ? 
  are you disabled or something that prevents you from working ? 
  and if not do you feel guilt people are paying for you, 
  i think 2500 might be a regional thing though in california there 's alot of community colleges so you really only have to pay for two years of a four year college, 
  about two months, 
  i think that explains the difference . 
  here high is important but if you do n't get the best grades it 's not that bad . 
  you just go to a community college and spend two years there and apply to college again, 
  it 's just my opinion but they can pay for essentials and that would be their responsibility . 
  and they can pay for luxuries if they choose but that 's not their job . 
  you want to do something for yourself you should work for it and f you ca n't afford to go somewhere that 's life and they should learn it early that for a good chunk of their lives they 'll be without luxuries unless they able to pay for it, 
  might be a regional thing at least in my area southern california inland california that 's the way it 's looked upon . 
  they 'll pay for essentials sure but i do n't get why they should have to pay for like movies or anything like that, 
  it is a very weird split but we view smoking ( it 's 21 now ) and alcohol as different levels of adult . 
  not defending it though but that 's the general opinion, 
  i that 's probably the culture shift here . 
  in america we consider working a way to teach teenager to be responsible and it 's ussally not during the week just friday through sunday, 
  i think op should have specified an age . 
  ussally it 's 16 and up they can get hired . 
  and they can have fun but it 's not expected for their parents to pay for it since they 're adults now, 
  true for the most part . 
  ussally it does n't look good if you 're a teenager and have mom or dad pay for your stuff , you 're seen as a slouch . 
  you do n't necessarily need a job just as long as you 're looking . 
  also it is seen as a burden if you do n't contribute after 18 . 
  it 's seen as you 're an adult why should they baby you by paying for all your stuff, 
  not op but i believe it has to do with ukraine or more specifically in france the idea they hacked the presidential candidate, 
  how do they get money to go out and stuff when they 're teenagers ? 
  is it expected for their parents to give em money, 
  is there not teenage jobs ? 
  like movie theaters or fast food joints, 
  that 's the same in america . 
  usually you can work in your third year of high school around 16, 
  my bad i mean your country 's involvement, 
  your nations, 
  basically we view it as an european conflict between kings that we had no stake in, 
  it 's always football never soccer, 
  towards europeans but the question asked for spanish context so i just wrote spain, 
  yeah i do n't think it 's hate but sometimes you guys come to mexico and appear snobby in my opinion, 
  towards spain . 
  at least in my community united states and mexico , there 's a sense that they are better than us and they get jobs and advancements over darker skined mexicans . 
  there 's even a movement to dump hispanic as it has colonial overtones, 
  yup i do n't even know what vosotros means m like when you use it that 's how isolated it is here and mexico, 
  in mexico and the united states we do n't use vosotros . 
  we get taught here 's this thing you 'll never use unless you go to spain basically, 
  as a mexican american ussally it 's race and economic . 
  when spanish people come over it 's often seen as they 're being stuck up . 
  even their language is different in their use of vosotros, 
  no that just for trouble makers like detention it 's just monday to friday, 
  oh yes alot of basque and portuguese came over here in california to work on the fields during the dictatorships, 
  what state are you from ? 
  might be a californian thing, 
  that 's why we have clubs during lunch, 
  california we even have a basque fair where alot of basque will come together and share food and language, 
  it 's interesting that 's why we have religious clubs here because of religious tolerance we think you ca n't ban religion from school, 
  interesting we have a basque club at my high school, 
  some are casual . 
  there is an anime club where they just watch a season of some show . 
  then there could be art club where they practice their art and have guest speakers come in, 
  just at 35 hours . 
  ussally from 8 to1500, 
  i was never in one but had friends in it . 
  it seemed fun they 'd watch movies talk have pizza seems fun, 
  where do you go ? 
  we ate our lunch outside . 
  maybe because i live in california so it 's nice eating outside but that sounds very odd, 
  perhaps i live in california and i do n't have any family living in other states so i could n't know if it 's not regional, 
  theresa may is that you ? 
  ok cool in my high school , california , it was the opposite like five percent were athiest the rest were some kind of religious, 
  even during lunch ? 
  that 's ussally when most clubs meet nothing happens then besides eating ? 
  how do you guys have fun in school then ? 
  besides sports i mean, 
  interesting ok . 
  here as long as the club is run by students and does n't use any government money it 's not seen as government sponsored even though it meets in a government building . 
  that 's why i like this website always something new, 
  yes this is very surprising to me that clubs are not a universal thing but i get why the teachers ca n't be overtly religious but why ca n't students they 're not government employees, 
  i was never in one ( i had newspaper after school ) but ussally it 's for them to socialize , do charity work , talk about their faith . 
  and it 's a big city so not all of them went to the same church or mosque . 
  and for some of them the school was their religion place , we had a sect of christananity who met at the school . 
  oh ok yeah they 're pretty common in america like mormon , muslim , jewish so i thought it be a universal thing, 
  heard of what ? 
  like clubs or religious clubs, 
  really ? 
  never had that situation in my state california . 
  everyone was different ethnicities and religions, 
  why ? 
  is it because you guys do n't have clubs or something else . 
  i thought every school had clubs, 
  most likely yes . 
  they do n't want countries to leave so they 'll make as punishing as possible to leave, 
  probably they do n't want to make it appealing for countries to leave the eu so they 're making britain pay a heavy price to discourage other countries, 
  same in california though you do need a background test for ammo, 
  but how would you be able to use the gun in an emergency if the ammo and gun were in separate places, 
  by tests do you mean like taking a day class / quiz then going to the range ? 
  that 's similar to california, 
  why ? 
  american here what is all that ? 
  is it like graduating school and if so ca n't you go to community college and get your degree then transfer for your bachelor degree, 
  interesting that is a difference .
