  would you have fought with the aliens to throw off the nazis or with the germans ? 
  true . 
  do you think the other humans might see you as collaborators with the aliens ca n't really blame you guys though either side is bad, 
  that will be interesting be a couple of hours before anyone 's over there unfortunately . 
  it 's interesting too . 
  some of the eastern european are teaming up with the aliens and i imagine the jewish people might be conflicted if the aliens freed them, 
  they will but the catch is you have to help them against nations like britain and america, 
  just read it yesterday . 
  good book . 
  what say you on this matter, 
  poland would be an interesting thing . 
  the aliens may liberate your country from the nazis offering an ally deal with them, 
  of alien invaded during ww2would you be okay with your nation france allying with nazi germany, 
  the water turns brown and you can taste the difference . 
  then you put it in fridge and drink it when it cold or add ice, 
  odd i would have thought with our shared climate ( we 're a mediterranean climate too ) we have more in common, 
  i always assumed you guys like the third of may 1808 better . 
  at least in america that 's what is taught first when we learn about goya, 
  i think that 's the difference . 
  here we see it as the school provides the right environment for dating and friends and clubs . 
  so if it were n't for the school we never would have met . 
  for donations the school provides us with a lot , free museum admissions , internships , job connections so we view it as repaying and helping future students achieve what we had, 
  why did you hate it ? 
  here there 's usually clubs , dating , make alot of friends , mentorships, 
  we borrowed it from the english when we were still a colony but do you have an attachment or significant pride in your university ? 
  the university you graduated from . 
  that 's what we call it here in america, 
  why is that ? 
  ( the no attending a ceremony ) you do n't feel a sense of pride after long years of hard work wanting to celebrate your achievement ? 
  are you okay with that ? 
  it 's just in america it 's this fun thing where you explore who you are , go to games , make a lot of friends and talk smack to other schools and it seems kinda sad you guys do n't have that, 
  and in california our tution is fairly reasonable . 
  i did n't have any debt and i 'm middle class not rich, 
  is secondary school like high school ? 
  i would have thought university made more of an impact on your life . 
  we have an attachment to secondary school as well but it 's not as strong, 
  true here they treat it like an obligation they gave so much to you , you should do the same california a bit different we had tutionfree college until the 80s and just paid fees for books and stuff so it 's still possible here to graduate without debt . 
  for me i just paid about 15000 for two years, 
  ah ok i get it . 
  so you guys do n't like rag on your friends about different colleges you went to like saying to them my school beat your school in this or something like that, 
  we actually do that with high school . 
  we have reunions and still have a connection to it not as strong as college but still there, 
  i understand that if i paid alot in taxes i probably would n't donate that much . 
  alot of times it for building new sections of campus , or things like free bus rides for the students so they.dont have to raise tution to pay for it, 
  why the strong relationship ? 
  hmm different reasons but i guess 1 most of your friends in life are made there , 2 alot of their careers are made possible by internship they get at the college3 mentorships alot of professors will help the student with their career general advise4 , and alot get their full time job by name dropping their school and past graduate will hire fellow alumni usc is a good example of this, 
  so after university then i assume you do n't really keep in contact like donating money or stuff like that without the whole pride thing ? 
  is that because you did n't like your university or what is the cause of it ? 
  the last point opens up an entirely new thread of interesting explainations but yeah all that would make sense, 
  why do you think there 's less attachment towards universities there ? 
  i mean you chose your university so there must be some pride like in america but that does n't seem to go in the same direction in europe, 
  there 's alot of hate towards forefingers particularly in legtown, 
  here we make money by selling the rights to the viewership , merchandise , tickets sales , parking revenue . 
  i see and how does the owner make a big return on investment when they buy this club ? 
  would that be allowed to move . 
  here it happens as the team is their property and they can do whatever they want with it but in europe i never hear about relocations, 
  interesting so there 's no single owner type teams it 's all mass owned, 
  in america they exist to make money . 
  if they did n't turn a profit they shut down or if the city is not providing them with fans they move to a more profitable city, 
  interesting we ussally say to make a profit do teams only exist there to break even then ? 
  do n't they sing it for national events ? 
  in california our universities are pretty good . 
  ucla berkeley davis, 
  in california we also have ac, 
  interesting enough in california our universities were tutionfree until the 80s so people did choose between prestige or distance, 
  that might be the difference here ussally it 's seen as the last day you 're a kid and after college graduation you 're an adult so maybe that 's not seen the same way in spain, 
  for the university graduation why did n't anyone think it 's a big deal ? 
  i know for mine it was alot of work , money etc so alot of people were emotional at the ceremony, 
  if we had to use nukes in your country to stop them would you be okay with it ? 
  man you get downvoted, 
  even in accident cases like giving a presentation or at a kid birthday . 
  in america it 's seen as ignorant or uneducated if you constantly cuss, 
  common in america too with the toilet and shower in the same room together, 
  my mistake i meant when you cuss in front of people you 're not supposed and you apologize for it . 
  then we say excuse our french, 
  wait so if someone does n't show up for a couple of days or is late i ca n't fire em only dismiss them ? 
  but you also have to deal with giants fans too, 
  thank you also our system covers vision and dental . 
  but we 've always been more european than the rest of america . 
  like we have mandatory paid sick leave and a living wage, 
  that 's covered along with vision, 
  that makes sense . 
  i believe in america we had polish immigrants first so we copied their way of saying words . 
  true but we often think of mexico more than the other central america countries . 
  if someone is hispanic we say mexican , mexican food for latin food etc it 's really a catch all term here, 
  i know they have one in mexico but we have it here as well and to us it 's completely local, 
  for me it 's the opposite . 
  i love charparal hills and just riding your horse on there overlooking the desert . 
  different strokes i guess, 
  what do you mean you hate la ? 
  like the people or movies . 
  that does n't make alot of sense to me, 
  as a brit do you think post brexit ukip will decline ? 
  as an american they seemed to be a very one issue party, 
  name sounds polish maybe ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  would n't that negativity impact the economy here though, 
  no peanuts ? 
  if i can ask why france specifically and not california, 
  protect belgium they always get invaded for some odd reason,
