i find this to be very low . 
  would have thought alot more people say trump, 
  as someone who owns stock in multinationals i also like the czech republic, 
  this sounds pretty cool except for the long distance charges, 
  what kind of equipment do people need to jog ? 
  have you watched community yet ? 
  really ? 
  i thought israel was farther away from france but i never really thought about it, 
  really ? 
  i thought israel was farther away from france but i never really thought about it, 
  you guys do hide your tanks pretty well, 
  i do n't think you have to say you speak fluent english . 
  we just assume you do since you 're from america, 
  how would you even implement some of this stuff like doing away with private property ? 
  and why would people want that, 
  i heard the ioc was offering alot more money if you had delayed until 28, 
  yeah he cut taxes pretty massively which put us in debt during the recession but he also was pretty liberal on climate change so he was pretty meh, 
  same person we elected him governor as well of california, 
  i think that 's denmark, 
  eh to be honest we do n't think about you guys too much . 
  we mostly think about asia and mexico/south america due to trade, 
  how would you rate the uk power ? 
  like a super power on par with america and china or like a second tier like france, 
  i thought you guys abstained instead of voting for it ? 
  i thought there 's a rooster on it, 
  i also can confirm my own visit to that particular grocery store, 
  what about teslas ? 
  it 's not wrong though is it i think it 's a very good bot i think so honestly, 
  because they did n't follow directions, 
  interesting it seems this would be expensive to start a business as a immigrant . 
  there 's not a separate non union branch of this stuff is there ? 
  what do you mean craft man wages ? 
  here all the companies are run by immigrants and charge pretty low prices . 
  it 's one of the few things that do n't require skills or alot of english, 
  what do you feel about the whole setting a precedent thing ? 
  that you must be doing very well ? 
  i do n't get why that would be a bad thing, 
  i never thought about taxes before . 
  the guys who do lawns around here are often immigrants , hispanic or filipino who do n't speak alot of english and they just say a number and that 's it, 
  ah ok i see land must be expensive there . 
  we only have 17000 square feet and it only cost 500k, 
  is that not common in switzerland ? 
  basically they always allow us to use them as go betweens when we want to talk to enemy foriegn governments we do n't have any diplomatic relationship with, 
  you 're not worried about scratches in the interior ? 
  my family has multiple cars which is standard in california but for like wood for the winter or propane we use a truck since it 's easy to clean out, 
  during the winter in california we often haul firewood in my truck or propane . 
  i do n't want it to scratch my car, 
  strong , a touch of xenophobia hidden underneath . 
  neutral but not too afraid to take both sides money . 
  good ally though, 
  tropical and humid, 
  has there been any movement to make it less expensive ? 
  why do you think that is ? 
  harding ? 
  ah my bad i assumed you meant state laws, 
  in california we also do this . 
  we were able to ban plastic bags and a condom requirement for porn . 
  though that was defeated at the ballot box, 
  brazil would disagree, 
  just curious do germans get offended if we say german instead of nazis ? 
  perhaps it 's brunch instead, 
  just planning a vacation for some of my soldiers that 's all, 
  oh ok is dulce de leche popular there ? 
  is cafe au lait like dulce de leche ? 
  oh good i saw seen envoys from spain eat this to break their fast but i did not ask whether this was a custom among their people or just themselves, 
  i have seen envoys from spain eat this to break their fast but i did not ask whether this was a custom among their people or just themselves, 
  the wave did n't go well or the game ? 
  rotating i believe would be the word in america, 
  the beatings . 
  they still do the play by play but on tv they ussally say '' hope it does n't end violently . 
  hope everyone safe . 
  we ca n't confirm yet but it 's probably blank '' radio goes alot further '' what a moron . 
  probably drugs , wonder if he has a gun etc, 
  sometimes if you 're listening to talk radio they 're stop their program and do a play by play of the chase and say snarky stuff that 's pretty funny and before if the guy tried to run you were guanteed he was going to be beaten but they do n't do that now, 
  i 'm curious how would multicultural psychology doctors be seen in france ? 
  here it 's a large field on psychology, 
  oh no it 's just we now know a person 's race influence how they develop and this was proposed by doctor beverly tatum who is black . 
  the steps may have been generalized but basically first the child does n't know what black is . 
  then he feels ashamed then he reject other races and only hangs out with himself then he accepts others there 's an entire field dedicated to this in america . 
  multicultural psychology, 
  yup tv stations are covering his parole hearing live right now, 
  ah so i guess then local papers cover your cities instead since you do n't have local news, 
  oh yeah there was one a couple years ago where the car hit a dog so there was coverage in the following days checking in on the dog 's recovery, 
  not always but ussally they have broadcasts hourly at 7-10 am for their morning show 12 noon 3 4 5 6 10, 
  some of the drivers get in on it too waving to the camera on the chopter stuff like that, 
  oh it is . 
  like doppler one channel had a doppler 10000 or something so the other station had a mobile weather van with built in doppler, 
  i believe it 's ussally for the people about to head out but it might also be a tradition now we been doing helicopters since the 50s for news channel, 
  that 's pretty much why we broadcast here . 
  it 's kinda of a race in that you know it 's going to end but not how . 
  how would you see the freeway though ? 
  it 's just kinda odd to consider region without news helicopters . 
  we have 6 different local news and all them have helicopters, 
  ussally here they cover traffic on the freeway , breaking news , weather, 
  sure here are the ethnic identity devolopment stages we learn . 
  theres the black identity model where they try to deny their color then reject others then accept who they are and are okay with others there 's also helm 's white racial identity development model where first they are oblivious to racism lack an understanding of racism . 
  we learn most races go through their own devolopment stages so there 's stage 's for each race, 
  that 's very interesting . 
  in california diversity classes are required and a lot of doctors have created ethnic identity devolopment stages that are taught here . 
  why do n't you guys have helicopters ?
