  here they can be regular food , cuban , korean , fusion and they post their locations in the morning because they 're very popular, 
  they may have been interested in you as you represent an exotic culture . 
  there 's nothing that 's banned from the federal government ? 
  like in america if it 's not stated the federal government has the power to do something it 's left up to the states and the fed ca n't touch it, 
  we 're both in nato so i do n't think so . 
  and we have an air base in turkey so we would n't want to create hostility, 
  it 's a pun cause you spelled it like pancakes not le pen, 
  i think it depends on the country . 
  if they 're already leaning splitting the eu then a successful britain will be confirmation . 
  but a country like germany who 's very successful with the eu might not see a difference, 
  i think once she gets in her policies will be moderated . 
  like hollande a lot of his promises did n't get filled either, 
  polish ? 
  i honestly do n't know, 
  russian ? 
  ok yeah over here all we heard was this social democrat party and `` ethnic albanian allies '' voted for an albanian to be leader, 
  what was that all about . 
  the only thing i remember is they elected someone who 's albanian ? 
  i believe the republicans were actually communistic and the nationalists were facsict . 
  if i remember right both of them committed horrible crimes against the people, 
  this what as an american i do n't understand . 
  the government ca n't place crossses in school cause then they 'd be promoting christananity but i do n't get why the individual has to be secular in a public building if they 're a kid that 's not the government, 
  that 's interesting here in america it 's a little different . 
  the government ca n't ban any religious clothing or anything but a business can refuse to hire someone if it creates an undue burden, 
  wait are you talking about reparations to poland ? 
  like from germany and russia to you guys ? 
  depends on what you mean by conforming . 
  like learn the local language yeah but through recent psychological studies it 's better for them to keep some of their own culture . 
  more like a salad bowl than a melting pot, 
  no prob but yeah it 's been increased because some eastern european countries have a sizable russian population so they 're afraid putin might pull another ukraine that 's pretty much why we 're sending more supplies troops etc, 
  cnn talks about it . 
  i do n't watch too much tv though so i would n't be sure, 
  might be why . 
  i get the la times so maybe they cover it more, 
  yeah it 's been a pretty big story . 
  do you get a regular subscription, 
  seems like you want to talk to germany about reparations them and the russians maybe, 
  what do you mean it 's been in the papers all year . 
  i 'm american too btw, 
  when allied pilots crashed in their land they let them go back, 
  in ap history in high school, 
  we learn in america it was ethnic cleansing and against the bosnians sure, 
  we learned about why you guys wo n't get full status in nato either . 
  it 's because of greece, 
  sounds like sovereign citizens here in america . 
  they do n't recognize the government authority and thus do n't listen to any laws, 
  as an american i do n't think you guys will ever get nato membership . 
  eu yeah but it 's weird to think about nato and russia together, 
  i feel bad for you guys who never got to experience vin scully . 
  but seriously anchors can add or subtract from a game, 
  i think op worded it a bit confusing . 
  basically each team has their own channel with their own anchors . 
  and each stadium has a booth for their announcers and opposing team announcers . 
  so when they play each other they 're next door but they wo n't see each other or hear each other since they on separate channels . 
  and they add so much in la we named so much stuff after our announcer who did it for 65 years, 
  til . 
  that 's actually very interesting as libertarian can mean something very different here, 
  i have to say uk as an american . 
  continent europe seems more liberal than us, 
  interesting . 
  here in california we have alot people who fled from him and he 's very hated here, 
  it 's sounds weird but almonds are very water hungry . 
  it takes a gallon just for one almond to grow, 
  rice is okay . 
  it 's almonds that are the real problem, 
  when you say bread do you mean sandwich ? 
  sounds like android pay, 
  we do have alot of portuguese here that fled the dictator you guys had, 
  probably the whole annexing thing, 
  i 'm just here for popcorn, 
  from a mexican background it 's a weird relationship to spain . 
  alot of times they act better than us . 
  but then mexicans also look down on latin america and caribbean people too . 
  would they try to promote their religion or is it like nuns and stuff acting as nurses, 
  i thought it was because fifa has criminals in it, 
  interesting some of the best hospitals here america are run by religious orders why are they viewed differently, 
  oh no i think walls separate as well . 
  but your european secularism is different than our secularism . 
  we see it as the government ca n't interfere with religion or have a religion . 
  like they ca n't say this is the true thing follow this . 
  but i do n't see how teachers or students wearing crosses or turbans violate that, 
  i 'm kinda glad then . 
  this seems like it divides people more than brings em together, 
  this must be one of the differences between america and europe . 
  i get banning stuff for safety reasons but this would n't fly in my opinion in america, 
  do n't you live in a cold weather place, 
  i heard she wants to ban religious head gear like sikhs turbans would n't your constitution prevent that though, 
  can you have a union without france ? 
  without em it 's basically a central/eastern european thing eh . 
  why do you have to uproot every year, 
  just curious if the wright brothers are credited over there as they are here, 
  here in los angeles some of the best chefs work in food trucks instead of restaurants, 
  i mean your country 's involvement, 
  in america we wear shirts with our university on it donate money , just show alot of pride towards our alma mater, 
  sun tea is when you fill a glass jar with water and tea packets and put it in the sun and wait til it 's done, 
  seems to be a common complaint about europe . 
  here you ca n't be within 6 meters of a building while smoking , ca n't smoke in a car with a minor , ca n't be under 21 , ca n't smoke indoors, 
  do n't mean to start something but we often hear after a terrorist attack that muslims in europe are arrested more than others and when the burka ban was taught here the news media said it was very far right discrimination thing but maybe our media is wrong and it not as bad . 
  and i mean global superpowers like china america or russia, 
  where you combine two culture crusine together like chinese and mexican .
