  especially when i call my tomcat mrs instead of mr he gets very mad, 
  you guys conquered a segment of furniture manufacturing with ikea . 
  that 's pretty good, 
  here it 's pretty easy to buy a plain color shirt is that not the case there ? 
  i do n't like sitting on corners because people always hit my legs, 
  i would have thought the whole dictatorship thing instead but to be fair most of the portuguese around here were refugees from that time period so we just hear the bad, 
  yeah you will probably hear jokes or at the very least people saying oh la la, 
  my history teacher regularly made fun of france . 
  like frog jokes surrender stuff . 
  but he said his family from germany so it 's in his nature . 
  also i 'm in california so it 's pretty much everywhere to make fun of you guys, 
  if someone says you have a th lisp when you speak spanish is that a trigger too ? 
  in spanish class in california that 's how we 'd portray spanish people, 
  not op but probably say nazi run death camps in poland, 
  the uk ? 
  i thought your neighbor to the north would be the ocean, 
  i think it 's important to consider region too . 
  for my state california it 'd be mexico , korea , japan china then canada, 
  was he implying one day belgium might annex luxembourg ? 
  why not both ? 
  are their yards too small . 
  like in my backyard there a couple of orange and lemon trees and a pool, 
  that 's the biggest change in a hundred years, 
  we had the whole do n't water your lawn on even days , no hoseing down pavement stuff but at least in my area they did n't touch swimming pools that 's our culture, 
  why is it banned ? 
  fire danger, 
  that 's what people in apartments do in america when they want to grill just use the balcony does n't sound too odd, 
  the pizza idea does sound good if you have nothing else and it seems pretty cheap . 
  might be good for a lazy day, 
  you 're a skunk you do n't get to vote, 
  how do you have bbqs during the summer ? 
  makes sense but a detached home is that just a regular house ? 
  also i 'm from california with 43,123 in my city alone . 
  do n't know how i 'd get through the summer without a pool, 
  what do you mean detached home?from the context i 'm guessing apartment is the standard living situation in your country, 
  what 's a carer ? 
  are they happy in spite of this though or do they see it as attacking them, 
  oh sorry i saw the french one on the news and apparently there 's one in austria, 
  oh no i get that particular in the south . 
  where i live though the local muslim community was against the burka ban but i was thinking maybe in europe the muslims there are different than here in california so they might not see it as discrimination, 
  ah that makes sense . 
  it just we have different priorities here with the whole religion secularism thing so sometimes i forget our rights are different . 
  like a burka would be seen a sign of diversity that it good she can show her religion without fear kinda at least we 're taught that in school, 
  maybe i thought there was some big debate over head scarfs over there something about some beach, 
  it 's a little different here . 
  here we 're taught you should do all you can to advance since at the end of the day it 's your life not others . 
  if you have to work on holidays and you make more money great . 
  if others ask you to change your plans to help with something and it might jeopardize your opportunity then tough basically . 
  so it 's always nice to read it 's different somewhere, 
  did this alienate the muslim community or were they ok with it, 
  how can they ban it , would n't it be considered freedom of religion, 
  i thought they were banned in france ? 
  interesting even if you 're young and not married it 's considered bad to just care about yourself ? 
  i see . 
  another question here you get taught young do whatever you want to for your job to advance . 
  like work on holidays do n't focus on others needs just your own would that be acceptable to say in your country ? 
  is mediocrity good in your country ? 
  in america that 's not exactly a nice term to call people, 
  california, 
  is n't there something going on with your prime minister ? 
  stupid ? 
  that 's the same opinion here in america when you see someone wearing raiders gear, 
  i see do you guys not separate comic 's and funnys in europe ? 
  like garfield would be a funny but batman would be considered a comic book, 
  no we 're primarily taught about louie 16th but we 're taught most of the french kings did n't give the people any say in matters and they kept all the food and money while the common folk starved . 
  interesting we 're taught english monarchs cared about their citizens though like elizabeth and all that they viewed more positively, 
  spy based comics ? 
  different focus on than america . 
  why do you think europe does n't write superheros book ? 
  even louis ? 
  interesting in america we 're taught all your kings ( not europe as a whole but france specifically ) were absolute tyrants who cared more about land than france, 
  true but he does fight for american values and i thought he 'd be more well known than captain america . 
  i 'm beginning to realize you guys do n't necessarily have superheros like batman wonder woman etc, 
  i know i 'm op . 
  just curious because here comics are synonymous more or less with superheros so i was wondering what your comic book companies write about . 
  do you guys not have your own marvel or dc comic book companies ? 
  i thought you guys got hotter over there 27 is considered very nice in california even a bit on the cold side, 
  what do you mean by tribalism ? 
  you guys do n't do the whole my university is better than yours thing ? 
  the inland empire, 
  ahh here we have sun but no kettles, 
  that 's a hard choice stay on humanity might mean mussolini stays but then again you be colony anyways if the aliens won, 
  i imagine france might be that instead . 
  you guys would be under nazi rule so aliens probably sound pretty good or set up a government in tahiti, 
  what if they worried this war would advance human technology too much and would be harder to defeat once they have jet airplanes and nukes while invading early during , ww2 you might avoid that, 
  let 's sa1942 and more of a conquest than a destruction invasion where you be a colony without self government, 
  do you think there be civil war ? 
  maybe mussolini team up with hitler against the aliens and the resistance joins him or do you think the entire country would surrender to the aliens, 
  let 's say lizards but they do n't want to destroy m just conquer and transform your country into basically a colony, 
  it hard to put in words but i say more brisk, 
  oh no california is very healthy there no sugar in it . 
  only what you add to your cup, 
  interesting case indeed . 
  the aliens might want to conquer you guys too but allying with the soviet and the human might lead to their troops on your land, 
  great series of books . 
  would you be happy or would you work with the aliens, 
  i know but what would you do personally ? 
  oh yes sweet tea is a southern thing mostly pretty good . 
  sun tea is a bit more like black tea, 
  that 's the one i read .
