  slightly ? 
  we spent a stupid amount of money to make grippens nato compatible , and i would think swedish design is closer to nato than russian design . 
  ( or maybe you are right . 
  after all the soviets were stealing nato tech by espionage and the swedes probably did n't . 
  almost-compatibility-via-espionage is a hilarious idea but it may be true . ), 
  this is actually a sensible idea , but i am not at all sure if such contracts are legally allowed here . 
  perhaps , if he can prove he can not fill the vacancy , which he can ... a very slow bureaucratic process may allow it at the end . 
  but this is unusual because there is still a lot of unemployment or people on public works , so people do n't yet really think this way . 
  i do n't think anyone is nationalist against them , we got used to each other during the soviet era just nice , it is just a very novel idea to import workers here . 
  an older entrepreneur , who still studied russian at school , so they can communicate on a basic level ... it could work out , it is just very novel . 
  but why would e.g. 
  a ukrainian person move into hungary when with a similar effort they can move to austria , germany , france etc. 
  for 4x higher wages ? 
  if they decide to move , why stop here ? 
  i mean ... vicinity and familiar culture plays a role this is why i work in austria too , not france xd so that makes sense , for a person , who lives in ukraine just 20km from east hungary , to move over . 
  but why would they move to west hungary ( sopron ) when they drive only 10km more and they are in austria ??? 
  github just pulled a page advertising a suicide pill 22 days ago due to roskomnadzor complaints . 
  i do n't think they blocked it . 
  no reason to . 
  is it technically feasible to filter for a word on a page ? 
  like not display any pages with psilocybe on it ? 
  if yes , then it is just an excuse . 
  the accent . 
  it comes accross as [ so similar ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xb7bwvd5b5y ) ( in that scene the long haired guy is an irish actor from dublin , the short haired guy is english actor from suffolk and they just sound exactly the same to me ), 
  yes !, 
  i remember how everybody here had a laugh when in an us who wants to be a millionaire show a woman did not know hungary 's capitol . 
  then i asked the loudest laughing people what the capitol of alabama is . 
  embarrassed silence . 
  ok a state and country are not the same , but if one compares relative importance and significance , like gdp ... 
  hungary . 
  in the french revolution they came up with all this flags being important thing , flags became all trendy . 
  it started there , this why most flags are tricolores . 
  before that flags did not matter . 
  we hungarians did not give much a fuck about all this flags being cool and important back then . 
  but three generations later people also here thought if we want to have a proper revolution in 1848 we need a flag , and a tricolor one at that . 
  so they just shrugged , looked at the [ coat of arms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:coat_of_arms_of_hungary.svg ) and took the colors from there . 
  and red-white-green was close enough to red-white-blue to make the revolutionary political message clear . 
  i still think we are not really that 100 % strongly attached to the flag . 
  it is just follow with the international trend . 
  but i think we are more of a coat of arms type people . 
  same colors anyway . 
  franconia in germany is a bit confusing though . 
  especially in german . 
  austrians complain about the same , `` no kangaroos here '' , for double mindfuck i tell people i _ ate _ kangaroo in austria , in the parndorf steakhouse . 
  ( it was like some really old mutton . ), 
  this must be hilarious . 
  i imagine you do this : - `` are you hispanic ? '', 
  - `` yes . '', 
  - `` where are you from , mexico ? '', 
  - `` no , spain . '', 
  - `` but you said you are hispanic ? '', 
  - `` i am . '', 
  - `` what ? '', 
  - `` hispania was the latin name of the roman province . 
  spain is an anglicized form of it . '', 
  - ... do you do this or something even better ? 
   and one joke was that he knew every countries capital that 's a joke ? 
  that is called not getting a fail grade in geo at 15 years old in the high school here . 
  on a verbal exam , if someone was doing poorly , our teacher offered `` saving '' questions : name the capitols of 5 us states or 5 german states etc. 
  so we went below the country level as well , but not that deeply . 
  so basically we could give up identifying with the past mistakes and crimes of our countries , and we could identify with the past mistakes and crimes of the whole of europe instead . 
  hm , that sounds attractive :-), 
  bavaria would just love that name . 
  i have heard about g\u00fclenism . 
  my source said it is similar to opus dei in catholicism , a religious movement that puts lot of emphasis on economic success , so urges people to get a good education in business or technology , save money , start businesses , and generally be economically succesful . 
  pro-capitalist and so on . 
  is that true ? 
  my condolences . 
  who was he and how he got there ? 
  i mean , famous investigative journalist trying to cover news from the region , or random tourist , or ngo worker ? 
  i wanted to avoid , because the i liked the idea in general , but not the brutal hazing everybody was complaining about i.e. 
  older soliders torturing and humiliating younger ones . 
  it was surprisingly easy and i did not break the law . 
  i just had my employer write a letter every year `` yes this guy is really essential at his job '' and then i got after a while too old to conscript . 
  26-27 mostly . 
   traditionally , one hectare was about the amount of land one person could tend to with raw muscle strength . 
  i am suspicious about this type of genetically metric humans who can somehow tend exactly a 100m by 100m square with raw muscle strength . 
  not really - we in hungary tend to think a family farm that can survive in the market economically ( e.g. 
  can afford to buy a tractor ) starts at 50 hectares ( around 125 acres ) and i do n't think land in siberia is more fertile than ours . 
  however they have huge quantity of land in siberia so i am not really sure why do n't the give away like 100 hectares to the first 10 000 applicants . 
  1m hectares are 10 000 km2 so basically a 100 km by 100 km square . 
  that would not be much in siberia . 
  i wo n't say p\u00e1linka , it is getting too much of a stereotype . 
  p\u00e1linka is more of a fad now , since microdistilleries were legalized like 10 years ago and now it is this `` craft p\u00e1linka '' fad although not called so , but stuff like plum and honey p\u00e1linka etc. 
  our true traditions are wine and not just tokaji . 
  try something from badacsony or eger or sopron . 
  us based startups tend to cluster around universities and university research labs . 
  see mit ai lab -  massachusetts cluster . 
  berkeley , caltech -  silicon valley . 
  i think we are more likely to have many small universities perhaps due to not liking to stay in dorms but rather go to our home city perhaps due to the government paying tutition so we do n't want to get in debt just to pay dorm life in a different city . 
  it may differ in per country though . 
  we in hungary in the last 15 years tend to think every bit larger town has to have a college , so many small colleges propped up , often training teachers and similar , as if you are choosing that kind of path , it is far cheaper if you stay with your parents . 
  we should try to gravitate tech universities and postgraduate tech university research labs to 1-2 locations but nationalism will get in the way . 
  maybe a place like belgium , my wife visited a friend just there , she said you can speak english , german , french or dutch and in each case you will find plenty of people in belgium who understand you . 
  i think belgium has this international character , this is why the nato and eu was put there . 
  maybe we should try to gravitate universities and tech research there . 
  is there any obstacle to , for example , any european university setting up subsidiary faculties abroad ? 
  here is a plan . 
  take a huge cow field in belgium and build a huge campus . 
  have many european universities rent space there .
