  look , in order to stop terrorists on the internet you need to set up a system whereby every communication is tracked and filed for later use . 
  the potential abuse of any such system is tremendous . 
  damn my lack of knowledge of the americas !, 
  well argued . 
  i need to research the way the eu works . 
  your metaphor would only stand if canada and the us shared a currency . 
  it would be better applied to the seperate states of northern america before they became the usa . 
  a shame my countrymen would never be a part of such a thing, 
  look , i ca n't agree with just throwing power at something in the hopes that it will use it to be more democratic . 
  trading with your neighbours and swapping preferential visas is n't leeching . 
  probably sourkraut, 
  a fiscal union without federation will be plagued with problems ( like greece ) having far too great an impact on everyone else . 
  we can go forwards or backwards but standing still will cause problems . 
  i 've just finished reading [ your link . 
  ] ( http://library.fes.de/pdf-files/id/ipa/07309.pdf ) it was exactly what i was looking for , well written , exceedingly well sourced and apparently unbiased . 
  very good , something i can really sink my teeth into and has gone some way to moderating my stance on the issue . 
  i never downvote people who provide lively argument , someone else must have . 
  i still have reservations about what effect this will have on public opinion but that often has very little to do with anything approaching informed rationality . 
  consider me convinced that any short term clusterfuck caused by this law would over time be increasingly mitigated by the effect of having a board with a more complete knowledge of each gender , eventually completely eclipsing it once businesses have had sufficient time to groom the right ladies for positions of power . 
  edit : you seem rather preoccupied by the votes . 
  i much prefer reddit since i turned vote totals off , it allows you to evaluate arguments on their logic and merits rather than group opinion . 
  try it out , you might like it https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dijlchaegpgnidldhopdbgfcpcpgfgjg, 
  that is very interesting . 
  but as less men want to be nurses for whatever reasons , surely mandating that there be an approximately equal number of male nurses to female nurses would require lowering the bar for entry for males into the nursing profession . 
  i 'm sorry , you 'll have to explain . 
  how can competence not be important in a board of directors ? 
  surely deciding on grand strategy requires an intimate knowledge of the effect each decision has . 
  well then , by that logic an identical law should be brought in at the same time which does the same thing for men, 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  luckily that does n't invalidate my reasoning , or else i would look silly . 
  do you have any data to show the effect this law has on board competency and company ability ? 
  if not , then [ this study ] ( http://www.terry.uga.edu/finance/docs/dittmar_changing_of_boards.pdf ) is all i have to go on . 
  i do n't decide based on opinions , i go with the facts . 
  none of the links you provided say anything on the effect of the change on the companies competency . 
  they simply say because there are more female board members , that it has been a success . 
  this is putting the cart before the horse , seeing as female board members is simply a metric to show equality . 
  it does little for real equality and provides opponents of gender equality reform with an easy strawman `` those woman does n't deserve to be on the board , they 're just there to fill quotas . 
  it 's just another stupid thing that the eu is doing . '', 
  is what they 'll say . 
   now all the senior managers knows this and that 's one of the reason why people avoid females are significant important senior positions would you mind explaining that sentence ? 
  i 'm not sure it quite translated and i ca n't tell what you mean . 
  i wo n't call it a success until i see the difference it has made to the companies , the average level of competence/experience of each gender , and the consequent effect on the worth of the company . 
  the [ comment about yours ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/100mj1/britain_has_mustered_sufficient_support_to_block/c69d23m ) seems to back up my pessimism . 
  ~ ~ this specific law will lead to people quickly promoting women to board status regardless of how qualified they are for the job . 
  this will lead to companies being run worse and also reduced respect for women in important positions . 
  that 's what mandating things like this does . ~ ~ ~ ~ quite aside from all that , even if on national average there is are 50/50 male : female board members , basic statistics ( based on competency being randomly distributed between the sexes ) shows that some companies would have 2 men to 8 women and other companies would have 8 men to 2 women . 
  even with perfect distribution of ability between genders , this law would make it a legal requirement that  10 % of companies be run by people of substandard ability . ~ ~ i 've had a change of heart - as all rational people should when presented with new data - after seeing [ this collection of studies . 
  ] ( http://library.fes.de/pdf-files/id/ipa/07309.pdf ) my new opinion is that any short term clusterfuck caused by this law would over time be increasingly mitigated by the effect of having a board with a more complete knowledge of each gender , eventually completely eclipsing it once businesses have had sufficient time to groom the right ladies for positions of power . 
  probably in about 6 or 7 years of so . 
  i think this is a good idea and i am fully behind it . 
  i doubt very much , however , that the uk will be joining any such thing . 
  i just do not think that there is the pro-europe sentiment among the people for this kind of thing to happen . 
  if they were to publish the methodologies then lots of schools would juke the stats to appear better in the important places . 
  it 's better this way . 
  you 're going to need to connect this to a consequence of some kind to convince most people to care . 
  ip laws are n't exactly popular round here . 
  it looks like i might have heard wrong . 
  it was bases he wanted to keep in the country , not boots on the ground . 
  you ca n't really credit him for withdrawing from iraq . 
  he was fighting up to the deadline to keep troops there, 
  ask a british person what they believe , the answer is likely to be `` christian , i guess '' . 
  we say we 're christian but aside from a visit to the church near christmas or for weddings it is largely ignored . 
  i knew one believer in my year of 180 students . 
  it 's safe to say the next generation wo n't be very religious either . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  do you think the fact that we have a separate currency will insulate us from the coming problems ? 
  yeah !, 
  you tell that fucking cunt wanker of a retard, 
  indeed . 
  i believe the uk imports french energy . 
  all the benefits of nuclear without the risk ( to us ), 
  that still happens in a free market , it 's just a different few . 
  the most ruthless ones , usually . 
  i wonder where oced got their numbers from . 
  because if they were fooled the same what the eu inspectors were , then their numbers are essentially useless . 
  when the party which blew the whistle came to power in greece , huge sections of the costs and employment were off the books . 
  there was no record of them whatsoever . 
  i would tip my hat to oced if they somehow managed to find the numbers that the eu could not . 
  how ? 
  simply put ? 
  reprisals . 
  punishment must be shown to occur fairly and fully . 
  the general idea i guess, 
  if i am ignorant then show me proof and i will learn . 
  until then i will give your words the credence i lend to any other commentor on the internet . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  the uk tasked with helping its own people , that is its function . 
  the imf is tasked with helping all the people of the world , that is its function . 
  greece must demonstrate that it could do enough with the money to be worth helping more than any one of hundreds of other nations . 
  were they not tied to the rest of the eu economy like a lead weight they would likely not qualify at all . 
  they lied about their numbers to get into a monetary union . 
  being in the union gave greece a massive amount of free money . 
  these lies have caused huge problems to every country in the union . 
  they knew it was a time bomb when they fudged the numbers . 
  i do n't sanction invasion , but wars have been started over less . 
  whoop de fucking do . 
  greece has starving children . 
  there are many countries with many more starving children where many more could be helped with the same amount of money , due to the law of diminishing returns . 
  what makes the children of greece more worthy of help than the children of india or the young of madagascar ? 
  these are the questions the imf must ask .
