it made sense to have such a system back when it was designed , when horses were vital communication tools , but nowadays there 's nothing stopping every vote from counting . 
  130 million votes for candidate a , 160 million votes for candidate b. 
  it would force politicians to work for the entire country rather than pander to swing states . 
  good thing no-one will let him anywhere near the justice system . 
  i would hate to see what he would do with it . 
  that said , the photo they chose of him is clearly designed to expose him to ridicule . 
  crap , there 's a point . 
  what the hell is china going to do about all its old people ? 
  i was under the impression that being within the euro and tied to the economies of weaker countries made germany more competitive in the export market . 
  this is why federation is the word that is almost on everyone 's lips, 
  ah , now i see, 
  so you 're saying that the eu framework needs to be strengthened so that it can deal with shocks like these ? 
  simple problems do not necessarily have simple solutions , they may not even have solutions at all . 
  other countries that are in trouble like spain and italy do have different problems and as a result they are n't in such poor condition that they threaten the entire euro with collapse . 
  they are also likely to recover instead of spiraling into poverty . 
  they had to completely falsify their numbers to even get in , have endemic corruption and are unable to even collect taxes effectively on their peoples . 
  i do n't consider that to be worthy . 
  whatever we do we need to be sure not to recruit another greece . 
  they are essentially stuck with us and we are stuck with them now . 
  i do n't think either side wants it this way but the consequences for breaking up are too high . 
  having requirements for entry means nothing if we do not independently check that they are being followed . 
  i 'm not entirely sure that china 's rapid growth is sustainable . 
  ca n't tell if serious ... 
  good luck . 
  i think i would leave too at this point . 
  it is fairly clear that things are not going to get better , and emigrating will probably never be easier . 
  where will you go ? 
  there is however the problem of defaulting on such a huge debt . 
  a shock so large might tank the euro . 
  if greece makes such a move the other european countries would understandably be pretty angry , slowing/stopping trade and similar . 
  re-aquiring credibility as a nation that people or buisnesses would trust enough to deal with takes a long time . 
  it remains to be seen whether the gains would outweigh the losses . 
  yes , but that something happens to be blaming all the problems on the immigrants and attacking them . 
  massive endemic national corruption and inability to collect taxes are the largest problems that must be faced . 
  lets be real here . 
  what does greece have that will ensure that they bounce back stronger as opposed to spiraling into poverty or simply grinding on at a lower quality of life than before ? 
  europe was divided . 
  now it is united . 
  greece would be utterly crushed . 
  could you give us a bit of context ? 
  the situation changes quite a bit depending on if you are one of the people who will likely be attacked . 
  why do they want into the uk so bad anyway ? 
  france or germany are good , closer and easier . 
  that makes sense . 
  it 's certainly an interesting idea . 
  do you have any examples of it working in action ? 
  it would be nice to see how it translates to the real world . 
  so are you proposing some type of bidding system for the funds or what ? 
  i 'm not sure i fully understand . 
  dammit !, 
  i wrote out a large rebuttal to your points but then accidentally closed the window :( i 'll be brief because i hate writing the same thing twice . 
  healthcare is a terrible example of system that would be better if privatized . 
  it does n't follow free market priciples for a number of reasons : - patients have no bargaining power on account of the fact that they are dying - patients can not shop around for the best deal while suffering a bust appendix . 
  the closest hospital is the one that will be used . 
  - preventative care just does n't happen as often when there are upfront costs . 
  people want to ignore things as long as possible leading to problems spreading and becoming harder to treat . 
  a practical example is the us system vs the uk . 
  the us with its privatised system pays ~ 8000 $ a year per person and the uk with its nationalised system pays ~ 3000 $ a year . 
  [ if you scroll down to the international comparisons section ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/health_system ) you will see that the two countries receive a similar level of care for their wildly differing costs . 
  education has its own problems , namely that in a free market rich people spend more money on education for their children and poor people less . 
  this reduces social mobility , stops poor children from being able to work their way out of poverty due to lack of good education and causes many other problems . 
  in some cases , nothing . 
  with things like the police or healthcare , many many things . 
  important services like those should always be able to put people in front of money . 
  privatizing ensures the opposite . 
  the edl will probably definitely get a surge of supporters from this, 
  on the upside , this article convinced me to go to a nice thai place this weekend and go to town on some king prawns . 
  i make exceptions for anniversaries . 
  dammit !, 
  i love shrimp but it 's too damn expensive for my broke studentness . 
  i am mortally offended by this waste !, 
  they could have given it to me !, 
  it really does n't . 
  who the fuck attacks a medic ? 
  the article suggests that people expect paramedics to just wave a magic wand and fix people and then become angry when they do n't do that . 
  or maybe the translation is n't very good . 
  would anyone care to translate ? 
  of course . 
  i just wish i could see a way to fix it, 
  i 'm not expecting classy . 
  i just have a problem with scummy . 
  i just wish they would not rob people and try just a little bit to keep the places they encamp clean . 
  it 's not a lot to ask for . 
  i 'm conflicted about this . 
  on the one hand , burning people 's stuff . 
  on the other hand , the culture of roma travelers causes problems and ca n't really be solved . 
  we have tried for a long time but it does n't really seem to work . 
  i ca n't really see a reason that they should be allowed to keep doing what they are doing . 
  you seem to think i 'm for these terrible rules . 
  i 'm not . 
  what i 'm against is touting my opinion as if it was the word of some deity . 
  your insulting manner , irrational approach , wild ad hominem and willingness to blame completely random people for huge swaths of economic policy makes you seem like some sort of loon . 
  i am for reasonable discussion because any discussion between sane people will come to the conclusion that these laws are stupid , contradictory , overly limiting , contain the potential for massive abuse and not at all proportionate to the threat . 
  simply telling people these things convinces no-one worth convincing . 
  you have to go through the process of letting people come to their own conclusions . 
  otherwise the whole process is nothing better than propaganda . 
  dude , you 're being a prick . 
  he 's trying to discuss this stuff . 
  so long as you views are rational a reasoned debate will often result in them . 
  simply assuming you are right and skipping the debate leads to fascism faster than anything else .
