  in germany , say , there are n't the same benefits payments as in the uk , but wages are higher , so if the benefits are stripped away , germany becomes more financially tempting . 
  i will add that , politically speaking , this is a storm in a teacup . 
  it 's estimated that benefits paid to eu immigrants is around 1 % of the benefit budget . 
  it 's not exactly breaking the uk bank . 
  i disagree . 
  support for the eu is a majority view . 
  the massive dip it 's taken recently is because of the recent migration crisis - which concerns immigration from * outside * the eu . 
  what 's more , the migration crisis has n't particularly affected us ( because we are n't in schengen ) - it 's more a fear of having migration imposed upon us in the future . 
  as i said , if the uk was given some kind of guaruntee that things would stay exactly as they are now , remain would secure a comfortable majority . 
  you know how many people born in 1924 were born under a british flag ? 
  if `` now '' could be preserved , the uk would be very happy . 
  the eu as it stands today - disfunctional , but with the uk largely opted out of the disfunctional parts - is fine for the uk . 
  the problem is that the eu wants to fix the disfunctional parts , and in doing so is threatening the uks current position . 
  you 've got people like schulz saying the eu only has one currency ( which is manifestly untrue ) , you 've got people like hollande insisting that there can be no more opt outs , that every country must be in rigid lockstep with the vision of a federal superstate . 
  personally , i do n't believe it 's impossible for the eu to integrate while letting the uk continue to opt out . 
  i think the people that take that position are motivated more by bitterness than anything . 
  the inability to arrive a satisfactory outcome is baffling to me . 
  the visegrad group : czech republic , poland , hungary , slovakia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visegr%c3%a1d_group, 
  i do n't really mind either way . 
  the amount of money we 're talking about is a drop in the ocean of the uk budget . 
  and personally , i do n't have a problem with immigration from the eu , and i 'm not convinced that the majority of british people do either . 
  hostility towards immigration is usually directed at people from outside the eu . 
  i do n't really understand why cameron has made this issue a central plank of renegotiation . 
  well , actually i do - it 's because he 's hopelessly inept . 
  but , petty though the argument is , i do n't see how the uk government paying benefits at uk rates to people who live in poland is really defendable . 
  i doubt it would need to . 
  the uk and ireland will come to some sort of fudge agreement . 
  they are too interwoven to do otherwise . 
  the eu will go along with it for fear of losing another member . 
  it 's a bit odd too to be paying child benefit for a child that 's resident in poland . 
  that said , this sort of stuff is chickenfeed . 
  i 'm surprised they ca n't agree a deal on this . 
  it 's just not that important . 
  it 's actually the v4 that is blocking this . 
  the uk is fine with it being eu wide . 
  the v4 want it to be ringfenced and uk only . 
  round , square , round , square , square , square , square , square , square , square . 
  i guess we just like to be different . 
  yeah ... that 's not really true . 
  the eu is beset by problems at the moment . 
  the v4 is really playing with fire , in my opinion . 
  undermining and humiliating the british prime minister , who is the chief representative of the campaign to remain in the eu , is strikingly irresponsible . 
  it 's not like the things he 's demanding really matter in the grand scheme of things ; nor are his demands entirely unreasonable . 
  here 's a list . 
  you tell me what 's so objectionable , bearing in mind that the v4 might as well have just voted to kick the uk out of the eu rather than allow these to pass . 
  migration and benefits a watered-down emergency brake will limit migrants ' access to benefits for four years immediately after the referendum . 
  rather than a total ban , access to in-work benefits will be `` graduated from an initial complete exclusion but gradually increasing '' migrants will still be able to send benefits to their children abroad , just in lower amounts than they currently do mr cameron will be given new powers to stop suspected terrorists and criminals coming to the uk , not only if a threat is `` imminent '' new rules will stop people coming to the uk via `` sham marriages '' . 
  they will prevent non-eu citizens marrying an eu citizen to then live and work in britain sovereignty the letter recognises that the uk `` is not committed to further political integration into the european union '' a `` red card '' system will allow the house of commons to band together with like-minded eu parliaments and block unwanted brussels legislation economic governance the deal protects the pound by recognising in law - for the first time - that the eu has more than one currency british taxpayers ' money can never be liable to support the eurozone any issues which affect all member states must be discussed by all member states - not just countries in the eurozone competitiveness the eu will increase efforts to cut bureaucracy , especially on small and medium enterprises , which the government has said damages uk businesses, 
  these states are really playing with fire now . 
  cameron 's deal is pretty rubbish , and they wo n't even give him that . 
  undermining the principle advocate for remaining the eu is a really strange thing to do . 
  you are right to point that out as a problem . 
  on the other hand , the low density parts of the netherlands probably do n't feel very far away - because they are n't . 
  that is n't true of the uk . 
  i 'd wager i could get to holland before i could get to the closest national park ; and the nearest truly unspoilt place is probably wales . 
  and yes , that scale of house buliding would be impossible if we want to maintain a high standard of living and a high quality of housing . 
  most people do n't want to live in a big city . 
  most people do n't want to live in a tower block . 
  most people do n't want to live in a shoebox with no garden . 
  i also have to disagree with you about green belts . 
  there is plenty of space to build on . 
  we can build all the houses we need without building on green belt . 
  green belt means that in theory , even in a city , you are n't too far away from the countryside . 
  so why are n't they being preserved ? 
  well , that goes to the true heart of the problem - demand . 
  people insist on living in the existing cities in the richest regions . 
  they do n't want to live in new towns or in poorer regions . 
  there is plenty of affordable housing in the uk , but it 's in places where people do n't want to go ( and that 's why it 's affordable ) . 
  in these circumstances , you can * never * supply enough homes . 
  here 's a map of immigration to the uk : http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/ampp3d/immigration-map-britain-foreign-migrants-4669250 now , personally , i think the immigration card is overplayed . 
  i bet that internal migration patterns are very similar , and quite possibly even more of a problem . 
  but immigration is the easier thing to measure , and makes a good scapegoat among certain people , and for the sake of devil 's advocate we 'll go with it . 
  it does seem quite reasonable to suppose that , in johnny ukips simplistic fantasy world , were immigration to miraculously cease , demand in the south east would fall dramatically and house prices would come back under control . 
  bear in mind england itself has large tracts of low density land . 
  when you focus on just the south east of england , the density is 450 * excluding london * . 
  put london in and it tops 800 . 
  suppose holland was twice as densely populated as it is now . 
  that 's the current state of the south east . 
  there is lots of space left , of course . 
  but sometimes living in the south east can feel a bit repressive . 
  every road is busy . 
  every view has houses in it . 
  where i live is going to be built on , and it will be going from green belt semi-rural to dense suburb . 
  the scale of house building required to keep up with demand is just impossible . 
  those green belts you mentioned ? 
  they 're already going . 
  it really does * feel * like there wo n't be any green space left . 
  this is an illusion , of course - there 's lots of open space . 
  but you do n't come across it naturally , any more , and it 's not unspoilt . 
  you have to know where to find it , and travel to get to it . 
  this in the county that is known as the garden of england . 
  combe is a word in english too . 
  i guess that 's the problem with these maps . 
  there are many words in english for valley . 
  which do you pick ? 
  afaik , the question is along the lines of `` do you think the uk should remain in the eu '' , meaning the `` yes '' answer is pro-eu . 
  there is no english parliament . 
  westminster is the uk parliament . 
  the snp got 56 mps in westminster ( british parliament ) , which is extraordinary given that their share of the uk vote was considerably lower than both ukip ( 1 mp ) and the lib dems ( 8 mps ) . 
  so , if the snp had become kingmaker for the uk parliament ( which was on the cards at the last election ) , people would have had a legitimate gripe .
