  it 's like when the european press fantasize that britain is somehow desperate to recover its lost empire . 
  * '' ... to paint itself as superior to the rest of europe , and to dream away at revanchist fantasies about ` make britain great again '' * oh dear . 
  this is the level of the official campaign : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/16/nigel-farage-defends-ukip-breaking-point-poster-queue-of-migrants one can only imagine what is being said on the fringes . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  firstly , every single poll of its user base has ukpolitics as being very biased away from the centre towards the extremes and minor parties of either side . 
  you might be able to argue that it is balanced in a narrow sense of the word , but undercounting the middle ground is likely to mean undercounting the remain camp . 
  secondly , the measurement is only indicative , since it does n't measure activity . 
  my impression is that ukip is extraordinarily active in the subreddit , especially given that it makes up just 12 % of voters . 
  unfortunately , that 's something that 's quite hard to measure empirically . 
  thirdly , there is certainly an element of * organisation * of right wing elements in ukpolitics . 
  there does n't seem to be a corresponding organisation of the left wing . 
  ukpolitics is not more central . 
  it 's quite right wing . 
  the three subreddits have become very polarised ( do n't forget britishpolitics , which is quite left wing ) . 
  we tried that in britain , but we found we had to keep on inventing new sports every 10 years . 
  should have realised the secret was to invent an unpopular sport . 
  i do n't think this game is written by the anglosphere . 
  dice is swedish . 
  the publisher is american , but the usa ! = anglosphere . 
  that said , it is shameful . 
  the cartwheels people are doing to justify this are absurd . 
  i can , and you 'll note that i do n't make that assumption . 
  you , on the other hand , by dismissing as impossible an explanation that english fans have been repeatedly attacked * have * made an assumption . 
  an assumption just proven wrong on international television . 
  we 'll see in due course about the rest of events , but now you must surely see that it is * possible * that english fans are being repeatedly attacked . 
  events are confused and stories conflict , but there are plausible accounts of two attacks on english fans , an english fan is in hospital after being attacked by russians , and we just saw russian fans attacking english fans in the stadium . 
  people saying `` english fans are being repeatedly attacked '' are n't doing saying so because they do n't want to admit english fans are violent . 
  they 're saying it because that appears to be what is happening . 
  personally , i am reserving judgement until a clearer picture emerges over the coming days . 
  russian fans just attacked english fans in the stadium . 
  that ... actually does n't sound like very much to me . 
  not saying it should n't be zero . 
  it just seems like a paltry sum to me . 
  britainise : to unify people by their shared love of trivialities . 
  headline in the independent : minister promises `` no quarter '' in gibralter dispute . 
  uhm ... that 's the opposition laughing * at * her because she is not known for defending liberal values , especially when they come from the eu . 
  the eu does n't need to set an example . 
  it does n't need to manufacture disadvantages . 
  they will be inherent in the deal . 
  for example : - the uk will lose freedom of movement in the eu . 
  - the uk will lose any influence over eu regulations , despite having to comply to them in order to export to the eu . 
  - the uks market access will be considerably more limited than it is now . 
  there 's a huge range of deals the eu and the uk can make that are sensible but have drawbacks . 
  what the press are asking about and reporting on are the nuclear options . 
  i 'm reminded of this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iewbrjzhlg, 
  it 's really not . 
  it 's in both parties interests to reach a sensible deal , and it 's not that hard to arrive at one . 
  the press is just going overboard , pondering what would happen in worst case scenarios , and then reporting the replies as `` threats '' and `` tough stances '' . 
  you asked for an eli5 for why the language was such a big issue , not an eli15 northern ireland . 
  alsace is a pretty good example though . 
  not one i 'd expect a 5 year old canadian to be familiar with , and i 'd say it lacks the sheer hostility and volatility of northern ireland ... but i daresay the french speakers might not be too happy about compulsory german lessons . 
  i do n't think that the brexiteers are against freedom of movement per se ; they are against what they see as mass immigration , the imagined `` benefit tourism '' etc. 
  with that in mind , the uk could ( and i think probably will ) allow eu citizens to come and go as they please ; but if they want to work then they will need a permit , and there will be different rules about benefits . 
  that was my reaction too , but it suddenly occurred to me . . he/she might be right . 
  not sure how the unionists would feel about dumping the monarchy and all ties to britain , and the commonwealth might be a way of allowing them to retain that connection . 
  it makes sense in an armchair politics kind of way . 
  but i would think it would be a step too far for the rest of ireland . 
  i 'm not sure it 's realistic . 
  through a strange turn of events , alaska rejoins russia . 
  the former americans are assured that their culture will be respected . 
  however , in russian alaska , it 's now compulsory for children to learn russian . 
  how do the former americans feel ? 
  ( disclaimer : no , this scenario is not exactly right , and is too simple , but eli5 ), 
  which , as i said , would mean the irish gov ' t dropping compulsory gaelic in schools . 
  which i 'm sure they would be fine with , but it would be different , something of a sea change . 
  no , ulster scots ethnic tongue is english / scots . 
  being forced to learn gaelic would be a * huge * issue for unionists . 
  it 's a bigger undertaking than i think most people realise . 
  ireland would have to be reinvented in a way that was inclusive to unionists . 
  no more compulsory gaelic , for example . 
  the irish government defending the orange order 's marches . 
  i presume most irish people would be fine with that as a price for a united ireland , but they might find it a bit wierd . 
  for so long it 's been a kind of anti-britain ( as in opposite ) , and suddenly it has to do a cultural about turn . 
  at the same time , just one slight mistep and the loyalists ( who are , if anything , even more violent than the republicans ) will restart the violence . 
  not sure if you 're being sarcastic or . . ? 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't know how you can say the ira were more careful than the security services with a straight face . 
  looking at it with percentages is a really silly thing to do - it does n't include all the occasions where no one was killed . 
  ~ 187 civilians were killed by the british security services . 
  ~ 723 civilians were killed by the republican paramilitaries . 
  i 'd also point out the the non civilian numbers includes * former * members of the security servies . 
  plus of course the questionable inclusion of ordinary policemen in the non-civilian category . 
  could maybe justify certain units in certain circumstances , but murdering an ordinary bobby on the beat seems like killing a civilian to me . 
  a proportion of those are probably also civilians , but the article has clearly been framed in such a way to exonerate the republicans ( hence the meaningless percentages being given such prominence ) . 
  the ira were planting massive bombs in public areas * all the time * . 
  that 's about as reckless as it gets . 
  that 's right , treat the uk worse than russia . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  too many londoners live outside london . 
  too many londoners have family in the rest of england . 
  cameron was also in charge of the remain campaign , no ? 
  i would be quite surprised if an independent scotland joined the eu . 
  eea is much more likely , but not the eu . 
  linking the independence campaign to leaving the eu is very risky strategy . 
  there is a real contradiction in leaving the uk only to join an eu that is likely to consolidate and centralise over the next few decades . 
  a large proportion of snp voters are in favour of leaving this eu ( ~ 40 % iirc ? ), 
  for example : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/07/former-snp-deputy-leader-jim-sillars-wont-back-independence/ scotland is n't prepared to enter into the eu heart and soul either ; scottish voters are dramatically against the euro , iirc . 
  and snp voters are bound to be against the ever-closer bit of union . 
  meanwhile , the smarter heads in the eu will realise that scotland would never remain in the eu long term , and would be an awkward customer when it comes to centralising reform . 
  they wo n't want scotland in the eu only for it to leave again in 10 years time . 
  with 38 % already voting for brexit and a strong nationalist movement , it would really just be a matter of time .
