  and that would be the least of its problems . 
  really ? 
  really ?!, 
  i find this difficult to believe . 
  the man is a buffoon . 
  there 's a legend that it 's 2 swords lengths apart to stop them duelling . 
  there was a firm in the uk called drive like a girl that did offer lower premiums for women , but the 2012 european court of justice ruling stopped them ( as a result of a court case in belgium ) . 
  since then , they have had to offer the same premiums regardless of gender . 
  unless he 's a hotel owner , he 's just as much a victim of the original problem as i am . 
  yes . 
  https://fullfact.org/crime/has-britain-been-hit-romanian-crimewave/ it 's part of a perceived wider problem with criminals from eastern europe targetting britain . 
  we have also allegedly had polish and bulgarian crime waves . 
  note the word allegedly - there is debate about it . 
  tell me about it . 
  this is the last sub i 'd have expected to see these views . 
  the burden of proof described in the article is not the burden of proof in british law , afaik . 
  i would imagine it 's part of the contract between the tour guide and the hotel . 
  there are very strict rules about car insurance . 
  they are not allowed to charge different rates based on ethnicity or race ( or gender for that matter ) . 
  there 's no british law saying that no proof is required for compensation in the case of food poisoning . 
  ironically , the top result from that is the wikipedia article i posted . 
  well , i 'm not an expert , but i would be amazed if there were n't perfectly straight forward and rational solutions . 
  for example , i would expect that the compensation rules are part of the contract between the hotel and the tour operator . 
  if that were the case , then the hotel could stop signing contracts that awarded automatic compensation without any burden of proof . 
  i doubt whether they 'd have to change any laws . 
  i would imagine this is being governed by some contracts , and probably the hotels and tour operators will have to change the rules in their contracts . 
  and if it did require changing laws because of a few hundred british assholes ... well , that 's preferrable to discriminating against all britons and abandoning core ideals of modern civilisation because of a few hundred british assholes . 
  i do n't think british doctors are known for being corrupt . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_ ( human_categorization ), 
  arguably , yes . 
  race is a construct . 
  races are imaginary groupings that humans have invented based on fairly arbitrary rules . 
  whether you think of the british as a race is somewhat individual ... 
  if you say that british people are sneaky trash , your are classifying or categorising a group of individuals and assigning them certain characterists . 
  the direct implication is that you view the british people as a race ; and you are being racist . 
  having said that , it 's probably more common for people to be racist about english / scottish / welsh / irish rather than british ; and in some instances british and english `` races '' are conflated . 
  discrimination based on nationality is worthy of condescension . 
  there are plenty of possibilities . 
  require that the illness is reported within 24 hours , perhaps . 
  or require a doctors note or other evidence . 
  i 'm sure there are dozens of more reasonable responses than banning based on nationality . 
  because collective punishment of racial , ethnic or national groups belongs to the 19th century . 
  british businesses allegedly have problems with romanian criminals . 
  that does n't give them the right to ban romanians from their shops . 
   the fact that they 're british is completely irrelevant to the story . 
  so why arbitrarily ban british people from hotels ? 
  not at all . 
  punish the individual people who fraudulently claim . 
  you know , like any modern civilised country does . 
  and who is `` we '' ? 
  i guess you think because you are spanish you are the tour operator , and because i am british i am the fraudulent tourist . 
  how very 19th century . 
  no , i mean romanians . 
  whether they are gypsies or not is n't recorded by the crime statistics , but they are romanian citizens . 
  they could refuse to make deals with specific tour operators . 
  i find it absolutely amazing that in the 21st century we are still arguing about whether it 's okay for businesses to discriminate on the basis of nationality . 
  this is equivalent to a shopkeeper banning romanians from their shop . 
   that seem to be reasonable , albeit unfortunate , to me . 
  pretty sure that would be highly illegal . 
  not sure i 'd describe it as reasonable either . 
  the motto of the eu is `` united in diversity '' . 
  do you really expect some residents in the uk to be above uk law ? 
  the uk does n't tend to veto reforms . 
  if it does n't like something , it gets an opt out , but allows the reform to proceed for those members that want it . 
  the uk is n't what stops reform . 
  problems with reform are that countries - all countries - typically disagree on the what the reforms should look like . 
  this will never happen . 
  without the uk rebate , the uk would be fighting with germany for largest net contribution , despite being considerably smaller both in terms of population and economy . 
  people do n't seem to be aware that the uk rebate exists for a reason . 
  it 's a correction mechanism , because the way the eu budget is calculated , collected and spent is particularly poorly suited to the uk . 
  i think verhofstadt must know this . 
  i think he is engaged in idle speculation rather than a serious offer . 
  i do n't think it is politically feasible in the uk . 
  if it did happen , though , i would wet myself in relief . 
  the past year has been like being punched in the stomach every morning . 
  the headline in her title is different to the one in this article . 
  she may be referring to the title , which implies a kind of independence , which is what she campaigned against . 
  i 'm not sure if she has ever campaigned against a soft brexit ? 
  and i 'd be surprised if the telegraph had outright fabricated this article . 
  * edit * it 's a bit confusing , but as far as i can make out , her `` bollocks '' is in reference to the idea that the scottish conservatives will formally split from the uk conservatives , as that is something she campaigned against . 
  i assume that the soft brexit bit of the story is accurate , and i assume that what she actually wants is a kind of devolution of election policy within the conservative party , because the english conservative campaign was a disaster and actually limited the scottish conservative campaign . 
  her past stances suggest that she does support remaining in the single market . 
  so that 's my best educated guess !, 
  ruth davidson is to defy theresa may 's plans for a hard brexit and tear her scottish party away from english control after the uk tories ' disastrous general election result . 
  amid a growing clamour among senior tories in london for ms davidson to be given a top position in the uk party , her aides are working on a deal that would see the scottish party break away to form a separate organisation . 
  it would maintain a close relationship with the english party -- they have been joined together as part of the united kingdom conservative and unionist party since 1965 - and its 13 mps would take the tory whip at the commons . 
  although it has been mooted for some time , the imminent split between the scottish and english parties is a direct result of a dramatic deterioration in relations between the scottish tory hierarchy in edinburgh and 10 downing street . 
  fresh from her success in winning an extra 12 scottish seats in thursday 's election , at the same time as the prime minister was losing 21 constituencies in england , ms davidson also vowed to use her commons votes to prioritise the single market over curbing immigration . 
  this is certain to split tory ranks as mrs may has pledged to take the uk out of both the single market and the eu customs union as part of her brexit negotiations , which begin next week . 
  davidson urges snp to `` give scotland a break '' after result 01:24 but after notching up the biggest tory victory in scotland in nearly 40 years , the scottish party leader said that the election result did not give the prime minister a mandate to take britain out of the single market . 
  ms davidson also signalled her opposition to mrs may 's deal with the dup in blunt fashion by tweeting a link to the same-sex marriage lecture she gave at amnesty 's pride lecture in belfast last year . 
  she is engaged to jen wilson , an irish catholic christian who campaigned during the republic 's same-sex marriage referendum , is a practising christian herself and has said she would like to get married in a local church . 
  her views could not be further from those of the dup , a staunch opponent of same-sex marriage and supporter of the `` traditional '' definition of marriage . 
  last night , ms davidson said she had sought and received assurances from the prime minister that she would try to advance gay rights in northern ireland despite the dup 's record . 
  ms davidson flexed her political muscle following a disastrous night for the snp , which saw alex salmond lose his seat . 
  nicola sturgeon hinted that she will row back on her plan for a second independence referendum but ms davidson demanded she `` give scotland a break '' by immediately taking the plan off the table . 
  the nationalists ended up with 35 seats , the tories 13 , labour seven and the liberal democrats four . 
  but this compares with the 56 seats the nationalists won in 2015 , when the other three parties held on to only one constituency each . 
  however , the conservatives in scotland have complained of too much `` interference '' from london , since mrs may assumed office last year . 
  the focus of their annoyance appears to be scottish-born fiona hill , the downing street communications chief .
