outers used to be tiny within the conservative party . 
  they 're still a minority of mps . 
  germany ( and france ) dominate the epp because of a lack of internal opposition - because their british opponents preferred to create an ineffectual echo chamber rather than engage in debate with ( and ultimately persuade ) their ideological partners . 
  see my other reply , tl : dr ukip did n't deliver referendum . 
  referendum delivered by eurosceptics within conservative party . 
  you can be in a party and not always toe the party line . 
  at the same time , you gain much more control over the formation of the policy . 
  you have only to look at the history of euroscepticism in the conservative party to see this is true . 
  ukip have n't done anything to achieve a referendum . 
  it 's eurosceptics * within * the conservative party that have brought that about ; firstly by gradually winning the argument with the party , and then by presenting the tory leadership with a split if it did n't acquiess to its demands . 
  the same lesson applies to europe . 
  euroscepticism and desire for reform in europe is growing . 
  if the uk conservatives were in the epp they might be persuading people and making allies . 
  but in the ecr , they are irrelevant and ignored . 
  in my opinion , this is because we have a conservative government , and the conservatives idiotically left the european people 's party , leaving the uk centre right disengaged from the european centre right . 
  when labour gets elected or if the conservatives get their act together , british influence will probably increase a fair bit . 
  britain immediately sent the bef to france following the declaration of war . 
  but it takes time to transport half a million soldiers across the channel . 
  the first deployment of ~ 150,000 men was completed on the 18th of october , by which time poland had collapsed under the simultaneous attack of both soviet russia and nazi germany . 
  following this , it did n't make sense for the allies to attack . 
  every delay gave the british more time to increase the size of their army in france . 
  poland fell too quickly and could n't be saved . 
  nevertheless , britain and the commonwealth continued to fight , even after france fell . 
  with the possible exception of france , no country did more to try and save poland . 
  the uk ( & commonwealth ) and france were the only countries to even try . 
  soviet russia and slovakia both joined in the invasion of poland . 
  every other country in the world did nothing . 
  your native bulgaria did nothing to help and in the end greedily joined in with the nazis . 
  the polish veterans were n't excluded from the v-day celebrations . 
  the british gov ' t invited the polish gov ' t to send a flag party . 
  however , the polish gov ' t was now controlled by the soviet union . 
  the british gov ' t also invited polish pilots to march with the raf , as well as other poles who had fought with the british . 
  both groups of poles refused the invitation in protest at the invitations send to the other group . 
  in general , the concept of western betrayal is ridiculous in so far as it applies to poland . 
  the germans reached warsaw in a week and put it under siege ( 8th september ) . 
  the saar offensive was to begin in full on the 16th september , but was delayed until the 20th september . 
  the soviet 's invaded on the 17th september . 
  the idea that somehow british forces could have done anything to alter poland 's fate is fanciful . 
  it 's a testament to the strength of soviet propaganda , really . 
  i do n't understand why they did n't just go for abreviation . 
  united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland is quite a mouthful , but uk is pretty straight forward . 
  united states of america is quite a mouthfal , but usa is pretty straight forward . 
  hmm ... that 's not how it * should * work , but merkel * does * dominate the eu . 
  in the absence of proper eu government , and with the tendancy for decisions to follow national lines , both with the electorate and among officials , that sort of thing does happen sometimes . 
  we did going back a couple of decades . 
  those numbers are not that far away from polling numbers in the uk in the past . 
  i would n't get complacent . 
  it * was * a bluff by the pm . 
  he promised a referendum to secure votes at the last general election , not expecting to win a majority . 
  now the situation is beyond his control . 
   you do n't think germans as a whole have certain characteristics compared to french people ? 
  really ? 
  * really ? 
  * is this the 19th century or something ? 
  what human does n't admit that humans are shitty ? 
  right , and the most effective way to do that is to learn about the worst things in all of history , because we are all human . 
  which is what everyone does - people all over the world learn about the holocaust . 
  the reason germans know about the holocaust is not because they have `` admitted their guilt '' or any such nonsense . 
  it 's just the concidence that they share a nationality with those that committed one of the worst crimes in modern history . 
  the idea that people should be taught in history a litany of all crimes committed by people who lived in their geographic area ; rather than learning about how hitler rose to power ; is absurd . 
  nothing stopping you . 
  perhaps they 'll turn up in calais ? 
  well , the next pm of england , wales and northern ireland . 
  i 'm sorry you 've been downvoted . 
  yes and no . 
  the uk is in fact moving in this direction . 
  it 's a recognised problem that the efforts by the labour government in the late 90s / 2000s to create a fairer society and the unfortunate side effect of subsidising low wages . 
  the current government is shifting things the other way . 
  the minimum wage is rising , and benefits are being cut . 
  however , it 's not something that you can change overnight ; and it 's a bit arrogant to assume there 's a `` standard '' that the uk should move towards . 
  in fact , the difference between the uk and other countries is more one of degrees . 
  see chart 1 here : http://touchstoneblog.org.uk/2014/12/are-in-work-benefits-in-the-uk-a-magnet-for-eu-migrants/ i 'll also restate for the sake of clarity : it 's quite hard to argue that there 's a problem here that needs solving at all . 
  the issue seems to be a token , a figleaf , something to give cameron the appearance of a hard won victory . 
  the benefits changes will make virtually no difference to the uk finances . 
  it 's a drop in the ocean . 
  the ability to call a meeting if unhappy with new financial regulations is n't really very helpful . 
  if the eu has decided to impose regulations on the uk , having a meeting about it is unlikely to change their mind . 
  the only really significant thing is the opt out from ever closer union . 
  of course , the uk already had this opt out , it 's just been made more explicit . 
  overall , this will have pretty much no impact on either the eu or the uk . 
  nobody 's getting screwed over , nobody 's winning a great victory . 
  it 's just a way of selling the status quo as a breakthrough . 
  i do n't see what the problem with opt outs is . 
  either you have opt outs , or you have eu by lowest common denominator and policies being vetoed left right and centre . 
  uk opt outs for schengen and the euro have worked absolutely fine for all concerned , in my opinion . 
  i 'd also point out that having different rules in different territories is not exactly uncommon . 
  precedents exist even within existing eu countries . 
  look at the differences between scotland , england & wales and northern ireland , for example ; or the peculiar arrangements of the channel islands ; or that funny italian enclave that 's in the eu but uses the swiss franc . 
  this is n't quite correct as it specifically references out of work benefits . 
  the op ( and cameron ) are concerned with in work benefits . 
  in the uk , there is quite a large amount of benefits paid to people who work on low incomes . 
  this means that people on low incomes are a drain on the nations finances , rather than a benefit . 
  the arrival of hundreds of thousands of low paid workers from eastern europe is thought by some to be overwhelming the system . 
  furthermore , there are some unexpected loopholes . 
  for example , the uk benefits system pays child benefit , intended to support the child . 
  but there is no requirement for the child to be in the uk . 
  the child benefit is considerably more generous than intended when spent in eastern european countries . 
  depending on what exactly the changes agreed are , the effect for eu citizens moving to the uk means that , if you get a job , you will be earning your wage and nothing more . 
  if the job is low paid or minimum wage , this might mean you struggle to get by . 
  it also means you would probably get more money in other countries .
