  you still need a passport though . 
  that 's what the uk currently has with the eu . 
  3 ) you can go still further and remove the requirement for a passport . 
  that 's what schengen has . 
  so you see there are lots of different degrees to how `` free movement '' is done . 
  i would expect the uk to end up somewhere between 1 and 2 . 
  the eu is implying that , since the uk wo n't do 3 , they must be punished and not be allowed to have 1 or 2 ( to the detriment of everyone ) . 
  what does the eu gain from stopping brits coming to the eu ? 
  what does the eu gain from stopping eu citizens going to the uk ? 
  the answer , of course , is nothing . 
  it 's stupid . 
  as stupid as brexit . 
  it flies in the face of both common sense and eu ideals ( the eu , as an institution , being heavily in favour of free trade ) . 
  free trade benefits both sides economically . 
  and as i said , why make enemies when you can make friends ? 
  further dividing the western world only hands power to darker forces . 
  a decent deal - i do n't think anyone could describe it exactly , that 's a matter for negotiation - but the kind of deal that the eu would offer to a friendly nation . 
  perhaps something like ceta ? 
  well , single market is n't going to happen . 
  but some kind of decent trade deal is quite possible for both sides . 
  giving the uk a decent deal does n't mean the eu loses . 
  in fact , giving the uk the cold shoulder costs the eu ; both financially , and in terms of losing an ally on the world stage ( either because the uk is weakened , or it cements the divide , or both ) . 
  getting a decent trade deal and a satisfactory split means the eu gains financially and retains the uk as a close ally . 
  the only real downside of the uk coming out of brexit relatively unscathed , from the eu point of view , is that it might encourage other countries to leave . 
  however : i ) personally , i think this very overstated ; it 's very meta , that 's not really how the world works . 
  it 's really just a fig leaf for bitterness . 
  ii ) even if it were true , if that 's really all that 's holding the eu together , if the eu is so crap that it 's necessary to deliberately sabotage your neighbour to make it look good ... 
  if that were true , the eu would hardly be worth saving . 
  it 's sad we ca n't turn back the clock on brexit . 
  i do n't think the mistake should be compounded . 
  that 's ... technically true , i guess , but kind of disingenious . 
  the eu is saying single market or nothing . 
  although not everyone in the eu is saying that , and as i said it might just be a negotiating tactic . 
  but to say the eu is helping to make the brexit as soft as possible would be woefully misleading . 
  it 's really the eu that 's pushing for a harder brexit at the moment . 
  perhaps understandably , and it might be a negotating tactic , but i ca n't help but feel that it 's a little bit short sighted . 
  i do n't think that 's the best outcome . 
  when it comes to eu citizens , we do n't really need to enforce immigration control at the border . 
  it would be done through work permits etc. 
  it 's not really a plan . 
  they did n't expect to need to produce a white paper , but the recent court judgement forced their hand . 
  they then had to rush something out . 
  it 's okay as far as it goes , but it 's not really more than a set of ideas and proposals , and of course they ca n't go into too much detail until negotiations have happened . 
  the white paper was never going to be ground-breaking . 
  i 'm not sure what the brexiters `` this is the moment we have been waiting for ! '', 
  stuff is about . 
  yes it is ... which makes this data slightly questionable . 
  ( i 'm not sure what you 'd need a 5km taxi ride for either . 
  london public transport is really good . ), 
  the brexit vote was within the margin of error for most polls , i believe . 
  if a poll is saying 48-52 we should n't be surprised if the result ends up being 52-48 . 
  and it 's certainly a lot more reliable than conjecture and anecdotal information . 
  south oxfordshire is packed with amazingly beautiful villages , many with old thatched houses , tudor houses etc. 
  but i wonder if you would prefer the black country living museum . 
  it 's a reconstructed victorian village , iirc . 
  it 's populated by people in period dress . 
  the shops sell period things ( i particularly remember the sweet shop ) . 
  it 's more educational , more historical and just wandering around a pretty and well preserved village . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  i voted remain and , yes , that simplistic analysis is probably correct . 
  fear is an unkind way of putting it - risk averse or cautious would perhaps be less inflammatory . 
  no , i would n't say so . 
  the two things that leap to my mind as examples of things brexiteers have complained about are : - the eu imposing `` stupid '' regulations on the uk ( bendy bananas ) - the eu is turning into a super state , and eventually the uk will just be a state in the united states of europe . 
  i see a lot of assumptions and misconceptions about who voted for brexit and why . 
  the whole report is interesting , but in particular : - the notion that brexit was brought about by posh english people in the home counties is backwards . 
  wealthier people favoured the eu much more strongly . 
  - sovereignity , not immigration , was the biggest reason given . 
  immigration was second biggest . 
   toffy brexit is pretty much the opposite of toffy . 
  it 's the working classes that want to leave . 
  i feel like i should dig out that ashcroft polling series on who voted for brexit , seems to be a lot of misconceptions about it . 
  population density of bavaria is 180/km2 . 
  population density of netherlands is 488/km2 . 
  population density of south east england * excluding london * is 1200/km2 . 
  that 's the same as the city of gothenburg . 
  across the * entire * south east . 
  it 's not hard to understand why people in the south east feel that there should n't be anymore immigration . 
  while that 's true when you look at the uk as a whole , in some respects that 's misleading . 
  examining england on its own , the population density gets much higher . 
  for the south east of england , the population density is extraordinarily high . 
  the uk 's immigration problem could be solved if it was able to control whereabouts in the uk the immigrants went . 
  but it ca n't . 
  such as this : https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2001/apr/14/johnezard, 
  there 's some amazing folk music . 
  it 's fashionable to mock it ( a reaction against the post war revival ) , but there 's some beautiful stuff out there if you just take the chance to look . 
  i 'm not an expert , but i suppose a modern representation of english folk might be something by show of hands ? 
  such as this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5h4pfbuzvw if he was n't so old , i 'd say sting was another good example of modern folk . 
  no historical matter is complete without an explanation of why the uk is to blame . 
  all the other countries in the eec worked tirelessly to oppose the french , i 'm sure . 
  not the british ( english ) . 
  the british had to not only mobilise but ship their army across to france ( and perhaps recall it from far flung regions of the globe ) . 
  by 27th sept 1939 - by which time , poland 's situation was utterly hopeless - there were ~ 150,000 british soldiers in france , not enough to make much difference in a war of millions . 
  even by may 1940 when france was invaded , the b.e.f. 
  was ~ 400,000 strong and , though a formidable addition , was dwarfed by both the french and german armies . 
  as for the french , when it became clear they could n't save poland , it 's hard to blame them for deciding to slow down to increase their chances of winning . 
  every delay meant more british soldiers arriving , more time to mobilise , more time to dig in . 
  it 's only with the benefit of hindsight - and the knowledge that france would lose when it was invaded - that we think that they should have launched a hail mary attack into germany before their allies had arrived in force ( and do n't forget that , unless they wanted to violate belgian neutrality , the french could n't advance the route that the germans would do later ) . 
  hmm , look at the bitterness caused by the uk leaving the eu . 
  bitterness with scotland leaving the uk would be a hundred times worse . 
  there 's no way they would come to an accord about fishing rights , so the uk would lose a lot of its territorial waters anyway .
