  fortunately , it did n't happen , so the question remains theoretical for now . 
  this effect can also be observed with the mps from northern ireland . 
  for example , the dup have 8 mps , as many as the lib dems , despite the lib dems having more than ten times the votes . 
  same with the falklands , and they were actually attacked . 
  i believe that hawaii also is n't covered . 
  seems like a really strange thing to complain about , although perhaps there is some context to this that i 'm not aware of ? 
  i do n't really understand how the headline comes from the content of this article . 
  * `` we may be leaving the european union but we are not leaving europe , '' boris johnson said while on an official visit to turkey , afp reported . 
  he added the u.k. `` will help turkey in any way . '' *, 
  given post history of this account and the different but strangely similar worldnews one , i 'd point the finger at putin 's propaganda department . 
  no , and i rather suspect this is being posted by russia 's troll brigade . 
  look at the post history . 
  the same story and same ( slightly editorialised ) title were posted in worldnews by a different user with a very similar posting history . 
  everyone falls for it hook line and sinker . 
  a bit scary , really , how easy it is to turn people against each other . 
  not only that , but the strength of feeling in many leave voters is way less than farage ro the tabloids would have you believe . 
  to play devil 's advocate ( i voted remain ) ... one day the eu will swing to the right ( probably quite soon ) and one day the uk will swing to the left ( probably not so soon ) . 
  supporting the eu for being more left wing than the uk government is silly . 
  it 's a temporary state of affairs . 
  furthermore , an astute left winger might look at the usa and the near impossibility of implementing left wing reforms and figure that an independent uk can at least elect a left wing government capable of * getting something done * . 
  at the end of the day , both brexiter and lexiters believe that they can get a government closer to their ideals outside the eu . 
  i said that supporting the eu for being left wing was silly ; but supporting the eu for being a centrist influence on all its member states is perhaps more viable . 
  in that context , it makes perfect sense that both the far left and the far right dislike the eu . 
  technically , this article is inaccurate . 
  it was written several months ago , therefore the government it refers to is no longer the government . 
  seems rather unlikely to me . 
  erasmus is a pretty open organisation . 
  i do n't think you really have to worry about that . 
  the uk gave up its presidency , for example , and has n't objected to being excluded from meetings . 
  at the end of the day , britain and the other countries of the eu are allies ; some particularly close . 
  the british government wo n't want to cause those countries any harm . 
  a lot of his other videos are quite good , if slightly superficial . 
  i like his one about the one ring . 
  i 'd really caution you about taking that video too seriously . 
  it immediately struck me as quite ignorant . 
  it 's riddled with small errors ( for example , describing the prime minister as pro brexit , or saying how all the brexit campaigners did n't want to be prime minister , neither of which is really true ) . 
  i do n't think this is something that cgp grey really understands , nor do i think he 's really researched it . 
  there are scenarios in which the uk would n't leave , but they are n't very likely in my view , especially not the `` do nothing '' that he describes . 
  a more likely scenario is that there is a second referendum or a general election which is won by a party on a platform of remaining in the eu . 
  but both those scenarios are themselves quite unlikely . 
  to be honest , i think the eu will give into `` british '' demands even with the british leaving . 
  as a reaction to brexit , either the eu is going to consolidate into a superstate or it 's going to end up implementing the very things that britain wanted before brexit . 
  ( or possibly it 's going to maintain the status quo and simply continue it 's slow slide into disintegration ) . 
  of the two , i just do n't see the superstate as likely . 
  i do n't think that places like greece will accept the eu setting its pension age . 
  and i do n't think that places like germany will accept a massive increase in subsidies for countries like greece . 
  so i expect the eu to reform in the other direction . 
  but i think it will happen after the uk is left . 
  if the shooter is dead and the police did n't fire shots , it 's quite likely . 
  source for the downvoters : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/nov/22/books.france, 
  the british people have n't voted to deport anyone . 
  they 've voted to leave the eu . 
  a subset of the british population voted leave . 
  a subset of leave voters were very concerned about immigration . 
  a subset of leave voters who were very concerned about immigration also wanted retrospective deportations . 
  i would think that , when it comes to deportations , you 're talking about a small fraction of the british public ( and no candidate for prime minister supports deportations ) . 
  * these two countries have not given their consent today to open chapter 23 by june 30 . 
  croatia did so `` for essential reasons '' - while britain 's reasons were `` technical , '' related to `` the situation with leaving the eu , '' beta reported . 
  * from the articles ancestor . 
  i expect it was simply down to the turmoil and confusion in government , as it came straight on the back of the brexit vote . 
  you can get a sense of that if you read the article from the previous week . 
  honestly , i 'd be slightly surprised . 
  it would be an act of self immolation on par with brexit . 
  the only way this can work for scotland is if both scotland and the uk get exemption from freedom of movement ( or if the uk keeps freedom of movement with the eu ) . 
  a border between england and scotland will be unacceptable for too many people who straddle the border , and would be economically destructive . 
  because people often use commonwealth as shorthand for the commonwealth realm . 
  read that first article . 
  yes , it mentions the greatest generation , but it is * all about manufacturing and invention * . 
  industry , as i said . 
  the second article is both patriotic and war centric because it is written by a major general . 
  it still does n't make any mention of bringing back the empire though . 
  its central argument is that britain is large enough and strong enough to stand on its own two feet ( which it is ) . 
  the country that the brexiters fantacise about is not some new empire . 
  it 's a small , independent island that invents and exports across the world . 
  a bit like if you got germany and stuck it in the middle of the atlantic . 
  ( ironically , the best way of boosting export industry would be to stay in the eu and adopt the euro , but the brexiters i know tend to choke on their cereal when i tell them this ) . 
  i do n't know how you watch that video and come to that conclusion . 
  the guy was being incredibly careful to avoid weighing in on the referendum , which is a difficult tightrope because so much of the leave campaign is about immigration , and her killer was a right wing lunatic obsessed with immigration . 
  furthermore , when asked said he was n't going to stand for election . 
  firstly , you may be getting confused . 
  trump 's campaign slogan is `` make america great again '' . 
  a lot of the press have referred to the leave campaign as `` make britain great again '' as a way of saying that the leave campaign is like trump 's campaign , and more particular that boris johnson is britains chump . 
  but afaik , johnson has never actually said the words . 
  he will undoubtedly have expressed similar sentiments though . 
  secondly , although you can probably find some politician in some campaign at some point in time saying the phrase , and certainly similar themes are often expressed , they are referring to * industry * , not empire . 
  the idea is that we used to be a country that actually made stuff , and we were proud of the stuff we made , and it was the best in the world . 
  there is a strong theme throughout british politics , on both the left and the right , that britain has lost its way , and we should go back to being a country that makes things . 
  usually when someone says something about making britain great , they start droning on about how cutlery used to come from newcastle . 
  fair enough . 
  today , though , it 's not britain preventing countries returning to national currencies . 
  nor is it britain preventing large scale fiscal transfers from one part of the eurozone to the other . 
  so you 're saying britain should have vetoed the maastricht treaty ? 
  * `` in normal times the british sabotage was irritating but tolerable . 
  '' * yes , the british have objected to the euro , schengen and the lack of democratic accountability . 
  i can see how that could be seen as sabotage if you disagree with the ... wait , what ? 
  * `` schengen is not working . 
  the euro does not work . 
  and the eu is simply not democratic in its current form . 
  well at least you have this right : * `` a very significant part of the london-based media and political elite uses an absurd and false caricature of the eu '' * damn straight !, 
  and it gets lapped up by the public because the caricature is plausibly ignorant .
