  if scotland joined the eu , it would be one of the most - perhaps the most - eurosceptic country in the eu . 
  the whole lovebomb the snp scotland has for the eu right now is political convenience ( that is rapidly becoming inconvenient - my bet is that sturgeon campaigns on eea `` and one day perhaps the eu ( but never going to happen ) '' rather than campaigning on the eu ) . 
  the moment scotland actually becomes independent , there is absolutely no way the snp would take scotland into the eu . 
  in addition to other answers , you 've also got - cholera pandemic in the late 1840s . 
  - flight of protestants during late 18th / early 19th century . 
  firstly , ireland is not a good example because : a ) it has very little to do with the british empire . 
  b ) it * is * taught , and has not had the impact you were hoping for . 
  secondly , teaching the british empire is likely to result in * more * people thinking it was a good thing , not less ; because its failures are well known , while its successes are not . 
  thirdly , i think this debate we 're having has little to do with the subject matter , and more to do with your own prejudices , as evidenced by your last paragraph in particular . 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but you have a curious understanding of british people and culture ... it 's at the same time both familiar and woefully ignorant . 
  you seem to be some kind of ardent nationalist ? 
  but you went to a school in the uk ? 
  it 's quite a puzzle , but respectfully i think your perspective is a little skewed . 
  ironically , your ideas likely have more in common with your average british nationalist than with someone like me . 
  this really has nothing to do with brexit . 
  i voted remain , and think brexit is a laughable idea , but you clearly do n't even comprehend the arguments of the other side , for whom islamic terrorism is probably seen as a much greater concern . 
  northern ireland is very common in the gcse history syllabus , and has been for at least 20 years . 
  if you dropped history at year 9 , you probably would have missed it ( and , indeed , any serious history ) . 
  the problem with covering the empire is that you would also end up covering its successes , which were arguably many . 
  there 's really no upside to covering the empire . 
  `` confronting our imperial past '' is a silly idea , that presupposes we should experience some kind of transformational guilt over the actions of people long dead , over whom we had no control . 
  nazi germany serves as a much better lesson in the perils of nationalism , and does n't carry with it the risk of igniting nationalism , and is a more focused topic . 
  i say this with some regret . 
  the british empire is ( morbidly ) fascinating . 
  the history is so wide , and so deep , there 's so much that hardly anyone in the world has any idea about ( because international teaching of the british empire is generally pretty limited too ) . 
  oh , i should mention , i never studied it , but i believe that the history of slavery is quite a common history topic , and that has some overlap with the british empire . 
  northern ireland * is * taught ( and is n't really seen in the same light as the british empire - british involvement in ireland massively predates the british empire . 
  lumping it in with the british empire has always been a bit of a stretch . ), 
  and it probably is a good thing . 
  one of the ( many ) reasons why it fell out of favour is that teaching it encourages a jingoistic national narrative . 
  yep , nothing screams `` i know nothing about british people '' than harping on about the empire . 
  you 'd have to be ~ 60 to have any significant memory of the british empire , and ~ 80 for that empire to be more than a remnant . 
  furthermore , empire is n't really taught in british schools . 
  it faded out in the 1970s and 80s for a whole bunch of reasons . 
  you 'd probably have to be 50 or 60 to have had any significant education in british imperial history . 
  for most people under 50 ( i.e. 
  most british people ) , the empire has no cultural anchor , and is completely irrelevant . 
  why on earth would a german feel inferior to a brit ? 
  that is a completely reasonable stance which i can wholeheartedly agree with . 
  a mutually acceptable deal is not only obtainable but within pretty easy reach . 
  i wish i could be confident that eu leaders shared your pragmatism . 
  my fear is that either the eu leadership will end up believing its own rhetoric and torpedo cooperation ; or that the uk will end up believing the eus rhetoric and not seek the fullest trade deal because they believe it 's unobtainable . 
  well , no i do n't really understand - i voted remain . 
  economic sacrifice for principles is one thing . 
  economic sacrifice for petty misconceptions is idiotic . 
  voting leave was idiotic . 
  and you 're putting yourself in the same basket as the brexiteers ? 
  the uk would not recieve equal benefits as it had in the eu . 
  for example , uk citizens will probably require a work permit to work in the eu . 
  and uk citizens will probably not be able to claim benefits . 
  and probably , although much free trade can be retained , some elements will be lost ( bank passporting , for example ) . 
  the uk is also taking a gamble . 
  the uk will lose some benefits and some responsibilities . 
  it does n't mean it has to lose * all * benefits and * all * responsibilities . 
  ( the eu also loses responsibilities as well as benefits , it 's not all one sided . 
  uk economy goes down the toilet ? 
  the eu does n't have to bail it out anymore . 
  it 's one of the more annoying features of brexit . 
  brexiteers seem to think we will be rich forever , but things change , and we do n't have insurance anymore ) . 
  ceta , for example , contains many benefits and responsibilities , and seems to avoid many of the red lines on both sides . 
  are you really saying you think the eu and uk should impose visa restrictions on each other ? 
  you want to make millions of peoples lives in the uk and the eu that much more awkward for no gain ? 
  just so you can sate your frustration ? 
  do n't you think that 's a * little bit * petty ? 
  umm ... these negotiations ... they are n't about whether the uk stays in the eu or not . 
  that ship has sailed . 
  the eus * current situation * is that it the uk will leave the eu , and currently there is no free trade deal that will come into force when it leaves . 
  for example , as it stands , in a little over two years eu and uk citizens will need visas to visit each others countries . 
  i 'm sure you agree that it would be idiotic for both sides not to have a mutual visa waiver . 
  the same principle extends to many other areas of trade . 
  agreeing a free trade deal would be a gain for the eu ( and for the uk ) . 
  there are many different graduations of `` free trade '' . 
  canada has just signed a free trade deal but does n't have the same free trade deal as eu members have . 
  there is no free movement to canada . 
  there is n't even visa free travel for romanians and bulgarians yet . 
  i 'm not aware of whether canada makes financial contributions to the eu , but i would n't have thought they would be substantial if it does . 
  and that 's just fine for everyone . 
  so yes , a different free trade deal is quite possible , and both sides would benefit from that . 
  it might look a lot like ceta , it might not , who knows . 
  your evaluation of the eus gains and losses is completely wrong . 
  with no deal , the eu loses access to the uk market , the uk loses access to the eu market . 
  both sides lose a lot . 
  with a deal , the eu gains ( some kind of ) access to the uk market , and the uk gains ( some kind of ) access to the eu market , and both sides gain . 
  there 's really no downside . 
  if you 're still not getting it ... let 's take a microcosm of free trade - let 's talk about free movement . 
  this is going to be simplistic - i 'm not an expert - but i think the point stands . 
  without any kind of free movement , you need a visa and a passport to get into a country . 
  it 's a real pain . 
  with no deal , this is the default . 
  anytime anyone from the eu wants to go to britain , or anyone from britain wants to go to the eu , they have to apply for a visa . 
  it 's really bad for tourism and services . 
  does the eu really want that ? 
  because that 's what they are outwardly implying at the moment . 
  i ca n't imagine they are n't bluffing though , so some kind of `` free trade deal '' will i hope be agreed . 
  there are quite a lot of things you can do with `` free movement '' . 
  1 ) you can remove the requirement for a visa . 
  you still need a passport , you probably need a work permit if you 're applying for a job , you would n't be able to claim benefits , you might need health insurance . . but you can basically come and go as you please . 
  that 's what 's in ceta . 
  2 ) you can have freedom to migrate . 
  that means claiming benefits , no work permit , no need for health insurance etc.
