it 's big in russia too . 
  okay then . 
  [ duh ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y7ml8.png ) ( my all-time favorite strip ), 
  dafuq , every kid knows that russia looks like a horse charging eastwards . 
  cutting off siberia gives another perspective though . 
   i never said i agreed with the 30 million figure , but at the same time there is nothing in deloreanf1 's comment to indicate that they were only talking about the great purge . 
  i did n't imply that either . 
   anyone who died in a gulag camp ( they were only `` labor '' camps , but let 's not kid ourselves , death rates were extremely high in them ) sure , ca n't argue with that . 
   and also any other random cases of people killed or executed during stalin 's 30-year reign well , some `` researchers '' go even further and add to this figure all military & civilian casualties of the soviet union in wwii . 
  while it is true that due to mismanagement and inhumane & utilitarian attitude to own troops sometimes lead to dire consequences , which could be avoided , writing every fallen soldier in the stalin 's very personal victim list is a bit too much . 
  ^ inb4 `` strawman '' ; that 's just a piece of fun trivia ... okay , not so fun , actually  holodomor in 1932-33 famine in north caucasus , volga region and in kazakhstan was just as horrible . 
  what is so special about ukrainian part of the ussr-wide famine that it deserves separate name and attitude ? 
  i mean , beside very successful `` genocide pr-campaign '' by the ukrainian diaspora in usa/canada and later by the ukrainian government ? 
   in total 10 million deaths at least , and most likely more . 
  and i repeat the third time in a row : this is * not * `` 30 million people killed for shouting out loud '' . 
  stalin 's repressions and policies were intrinsically brutal and morbid . 
  no need to hype 'em up with ass-pull figures and exorbitant sensationalism . 
  okay then . 
  yes , this is the median , which takes into account the what author calls `` big numbers '' school , which includes , among others , solzhenitsyn . 
  seriously ? 
  he might 've been a really talented writer , i love his works , but he is by no means a historian and his numbers are a complete ass-pull . 
  and some other authors with the `` big numbers '' base their own calculations on solzhenitsyn 's estimates . 
  nevertheless , this number includes perished in the famine , in labour camps and in deportation . 
  and this is still not `` they killed around 30 million people for crying out loud '' . 
   `` only '' 700,000 , lmao . 
  yes , `` only '' 700,000 . 
  some reseaches say 1,1 million were shot , which is still as you might 've already noticed , ~ 27 times less than 30 million . 
   who said we 're only talking about the great purge , comrade ? 
  / u/deloreanf1 said that , remember ? 
   they killed around 30 million people for crying out loud !, 
  me engrish bad and not native , but i think `` killed for crying out loud '' means `` executed under sentences in political frame-up cases '' . 
  while number of repressed indeed caps at 30-35 million , only part of them was executed -- most were sent to gulag camps , prisons , deported to siberai and kazakhstan , or depraved of rights to vote . 
  nature of 6-7 million famine death in volga region , ukraine and kazakhstan is a matter of dispute , however , it 's not like these deaths happened , because stalin had an intolerable urge to kill a couple of million people , but did n't have spare bullets at that very moment . 
  and you sound like one , who prefers putting labels instead of doing math . 
  during the great purge about 700000 people were executed , not 10 million . 
  which was n't even lithuanian , but rather ruthenian ( pre-belorussian/pre-ukrainian ) . 
  and then very quickly became `` lesser poland '' . 
  100 billions comrade , why be shy with numbers ? 
  not really . 
  yep . 
  persian gulf monarchies are effectively dictatorships . 
  yet nobody rants about that . 
  and also remember , pani ta panove , that galicia and volhynia are rightful ukrainian soil . 
  it always was and always will be !, 
  bolshevism is a direct heir of communist ideology . 
  which was produced in germany . 
  how more european can that get ? 
  zip file, 
  minus closed borders . 
  minus loathing relationships with the southern neighbor . 
  minus rice cards . 
  plus internet access . 
  plus capitalism . 
  '' ... so , kids , what did we learn today ? '', 
  `` ass-pull analogies are lies '' `` that 's right , kids ! '', 
  it 's not failed . 
  it is postponed until after 2018 elections . 
   she made no mention of the philosopher slavoj \u017di\u017eek , probably slovenia 's best-known export after the first lady . 
  b-but `` laibach '' ... 
   why they 're slavs and not mongoloids who told you we 're not ? 
  \\* sips on kumys , shouts gutturally , charges on a horse into the steppe \\*, 
   russians genuinely like stalin nope . 
  russians genuinely like * the idea * of stalin -- strict and just ruler , who punished corrupted bureaucrats , won wwii , and built soviet industry . 
  whether this all true or not does n't play any role . 
  nobody likes stalin because he genocided people . 
  falling apart . 
  being split into a couple dozens of weak , controllable states -- part of them should go under the influence of china , another part -- under the influence of europe . 
  nuclear arsenal should be claimed by the us . 
  occupied lands should of course be returned to their rightful owners : karelia to finland , crimea and kuban to ukraine , abkhazia and south ossetia to georgia , transnistria to ~ ~ moldavia ~ ~ romania , sakhalin and kuril islands to japan , south far east to china . 
  moscow , being a heinous source of tartarian barbarianism and russian imperial chauvinism should be razed . 
  then the chance for ( former ) russia to become a cozy little european state with human right and stuff appears . 
  other variants ? 
  none such . 
  even after territorial losses after the revoluation , territorial losses after soviet union dissolution russia possesses too much land claimed as part of the imperial conquest ; they should be held tight . 
  unfortunately , wo n't happen in a foreseeable future . 
  also russian language does not have a word for `` fun '' . 
  and maybe also no word for `` freedom '' and `` dignity '' ( but that 's not precise ) . 
  we need more crazy-ass myths about russian language !, 
  dunno , worked out pretty well in 1809 . 
  he 's on probation and ca n't leave the country . 
  well , formally speaking , campaign is n't officially underway , so they do n't have to make any statements . 
  but formal speech is not a sane choice here , because our election legislation is a fucking mess . 
  and it 's on purpose . 
  i heard it from volkov in one of navalny live casts too , but ca n't remember which one exactly . 
  that 's just the european part . 
  here , beyond the urals it 's the usual drill -- traditional snowfall on 1st and 2nd may . 
  it must get better till the end of the week , though . 
  russians from your rant do indeed speak native tongue . 
  they speak their native tongue . 
  probably , you wanted to ask `` how do you feel towards citizens of your country who do n't speak state language '' ? 
  i grew up in the sakha republic and in rural areas people , who do n't speak russian at all are actually quite common ( especially among the old-timers ) . 
  they 'll either not leave their villages till the end of their lives or they 'll have to learn russian . 
  because in a city , you ca n't get by without russian if you want live a life of a full-fledged citizen . 
  so , no , i do n't feel threatened by such people . 
   not holding a heavy swinging door for someone passing right after you so the door will probably smack them at full speed , not thanking after you helped with a door ... 
  this actually got better in the last few years . 
  i 'm judging by moscow , st. petersburg and novosibirsk metro crowds . 
  [ v.v. 
  vinogradov russian language institute of the russian academy of sciences ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_language_institute ) . 
  it regulates the language non-intrusively by publishing scientific journals of russian language studies and they also review newly published dictionaries .
