i wonder if his bleeding torso was like `` you cant hurt me , your bullets are just a construct of the brd gmbh '', 
  english . 
  nothing else . 
  just english . 
  no one should bother learning german . 
  our language will fade eventually anyway . 
  is that so ? 
  well , the opinion of the majority will only be heard in a democracy though , and you might not know it , you poor little `` majority '' , but sometimes you have to fight for democracy . 
  if you dont , you lose it . 
  so yeah . 
  doesnt really matter what you guys think now , does it ? 
  suggestion : leave germany . 
  problem solved . 
  yeah yeah , im totally scared right now . 
  anything else ? 
  true that . 
  no clue then : /, 
  87 % is insanely high though . 
  there will be some people in the uk who do indeed want to have a kid . 
  maybe that would be the missing 13 % ? 
  this is what you call arguing ? 
  `` surveys say xy '' ? 
  yeah , no . 
  im not into that kind of arguing indeed . 
  have a nice day . 
  ( i acknowledge , btw , that my statement yesterday was stupid [ the one with the survey ] . 
  i had a bad day ) . 
  surveys are always right . 
  we know that . 
  especially after the  90 landslide victory of hilla ... oh . 
  youre not wrong . 
  youre just not right either . 
  `` germany '' isnt pro eu . 
  about half its citizens is , yeah , but half of them arent . 
  its like this trump thing you guys have going on , you know . 
  i think you dont know much about us . 
  imagine a kid getting a stick . 
  he/she goes around threatening everyone with said stick , without the actual ability to hurt someone in any meaningful way . 
  now , imagine the whole town ducking in fear of this child . 
  thats kind of how i feel about this . 
  why do we listen to this dude ? 
  his words have the same kind of weight as the ones from this north korean dude , at this point . 
  just let him talk . 
  he has no power whatsoever to do anything . 
  yeah , he can send all them refugees , but im fairly sure there will be another european country willing to sack billions of euros to harbor them . 
  savage !, 
  i love my ol' fashioned `` bratwurst mit br\u00f6tchen '' anyways , so i can live with that , 
   perhaps this is some remnants of the travel ban , even though it has been lifted . 
  can someone explain this weird argument ? 
  what has iceland to do with the travel ban , like , at all ? 
  didnt that only affect middle eastern countries or something ? 
  and furthermore : if it is lifted , how can it be the reason ? 
  afraid to tell you : i stole it . 
  saw it laying on your desk there , all alone . 
  had to . 
  i like how they tell us there will be `` consequences '' for this . 
  please , mr. turkey , please let there be consequences . 
  it would speed things up significantly . 
  couldnt pronounce that if my life depended on it xd, 
  see , didnt know that . 
  thank you for clarifying . 
  i find that weird . 
  its nothing to be mad about or something , just smth that leaves me scratching my head . 
  is your language based on english by chance ? 
  i find it odd if not . 
  i mean , why make up names for countries that have one ? 
  interesting ? 
  why 's that ? 
  deutschland is the name of deutschland . 
  its not called germany by anyone except english speakers afaik . 
  she didnt want to move there . 
  she was visiting . 
  youre comparing apples with oranges . 
  my `` implication '' was that most germans do not go out of their way to get information about trump , but they get them served via the media . 
  that is all . 
  everything else you think you see stems from your imagination . 
  i barely mentioned the mainstream media , and you go ahead to paint a picture of me as an idiot right wing pegida dumbnut . 
  i dont even ... 
  i did so already . 
  here in this very thread . 
  dont tell me what to do , please . 
  i act according to my conscience , not yours . 
  you are free to vote for the eu , if you so desire . 
  i will not . 
  nothing you say will change that , so i suggest you dont waste your time on me . 
  germans know nothing about trump that isnt served to them via the msm . 
  so yeah . 
  not surprising whatsoever . 
  doesnt mean jack shit , but cool to look at i suppose . 
  the two last points leave me sitting here , speechless . 
  this cant be true . 
  please . 
  please no . 
  yes . 
  you 're asbolutely right . 
  have a wonderful day . 
   i 'm not saying you personally did . 
  but the main reason germany has a very low rate of unemployment is competitivity through social dumping . 
  if the price of a product go down in germany , the buyer will no longer buy the italian product but the german one . 
  the german company will hire and the italian one fire .
