ya , no bank exchanges cash anymore in germany . 
  if the offer the server , the send your money to reisebank , which is n't really a bank . 
  reisebank charges a small fee in addition to giving a very bad exchange rate . 
  at my bank i can exchange money but they send it to reisebank and charge an additional fee on top of reisebanks fee , and on top of that it takes an additional 1-3 weeks . 
  so i 'm seeing if there are well known banks outside of germany that give a better exchange rate . 
  if i can save 4-6 % on the exchange fee , it will be worth it to get an international train ticket or take ryan air or a cheap air carrier . 
  yes volks-raffeisen bank , they do , but they do it though reisebank , it takes 1-3 weeks and they charge an additional fee in addition to that resiebank charges , which is a 10 euro fee , plus a terrible exchange rate , which puts the total fee to exchange you money to 13 % going though vr bank or 10 % going through reisebank, 
  i have contacted postbank , deutsche bank , vr , sparkasse . 
  only vr exchanges cash , and they do it through reisebank , charge an additional fee , and it takes 1-3 weeks . 
  if it were only that simple, 
  the pipes wear lead alloys , not pure lead . 
  germany , however banned thr use of lead in '78 in plumbing . 
  just was curious about poland , but , it 's not terribly relevant, 
  cool thanks for the info, 
  the water quality might be good in poland , but what about the plumbing ? 
  i remember in east germany , much of the plumbing was replaced because it was all made from lead pipes . 
  thanks for the reccomendation . 
  i can say from experiance , that this practice is continuing . 
  i guess i should have saved a bottle and filed a complaint . 
  sorry , i dumped all the bottles . 
  the black speacks are like coffee grounds but around a 1/4th the size . 
  the brown stuff looks a little flaky , particle size ranging from 4x coffee ground size to 1/2 of a coffee ground . 
  i noticed in only one bottle at first , and shook the remaining bottles to see if i could see if they had stuff in them , but they looked clean at first inspection . 
  only after i pulled out one of the bottles from the refrigerator did i notice , that it too had partles in it . 
  ok good to know . 
  i shall buy new water . 
  the water in question is saguaro mineral 2000 bought at lidl in sopot . 
  i 'll send you the message i sent the turkish guy who asked as well . 
  i 'm a german . 
  they are very fluent in english , and i have been to restaurants with them on several occasions where hamburgers were consumed . 
  i even traveled with them in the states and had many burgers with them there as well . 
  they know what a hamburger is . 
  here is my recipe : beef with 75/25 or 70/30 meet to fat ratio from local butcher . 
  angus if possible . 
  my recipe is american so everything will be in pounds and such . 
  1 pound of meat ; i use 1 tablespoon worcestershire sauce , 1/4 teaspoon salt and petter , 1 teaspoon oregano and thyme , half an egg , half teaspoon of garlic powder , or half a clove . 
  1\u00a01/2 tablespoon of diced onion . 
  and 1 tablespoon of bread crumbs or more . 
  hand mix everything in a bowl . 
  1 pound should make 2 patties . 
  make the patty into a ball and toss it firmly from hand to hand to compact the meat . 
  flatten slightly and place on grill . 
  for gas , i use medium high , and charcoal , i try to not have it to hot and move the patty if it is dripping to much grease to prevent charring . 
  after its cooked i add a slice of white cheese , provolone usually . 
  let it melt while you place the buns on the grill to crisp them up . 
  a little mayo and maybe a small piece of lettuce cucumber and tomato . 
  best served with fries or something crunchy . 
  nope , just curious . 
  i live in germany and some people that i know wanted to make hamburgers . 
  they just buy ground beef , make a patty , cook an eat it . 
  no bun , nothing else . 
  just seeing if this is typical or if they are just asshats . 
  single utter cows still produce milk , i 've never had a problem . 
  thank god , lol, 
  thanks, 
  thanks , silly question , you bun , right ? 
  thanks , much appreciated, 
  marvelous, 
  care to give you location and age range ? 
  sound pretty close to my recipe . 
  mind giving me your age range , just as a curiosity . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i think i would milk it first and let it sit for a week , so i had some cheese with it, 
  mind giving me your age range ? 
  i am curious . 
  thanks, 
  much appreciated . 
  i like the idea of the onions , buy why olive oil . 
  i would have figure something with a higher smoke point ? 
  also , do you mind giving me your age range , and your country , i think you would be a german given the kaiser roll ? 
  but thanks , i will have to try it , minus the blue cheese . . 
  i just ca n't do blue cheese . 
  interesting method , that a new one for me , i will have to try it . 
  i assume your from turkey , do you mind giving me your age range , just for curiosity sake . 
  if you want , i like mine relatively fresh , but i was curious of your age range . 
  thanks !, 
  looks like a good recipe , do mind giving me an age range , just for my curiosity . 
  thanks for the response kind finn . 
  mind giving me an age range for my curiosity ? 
  thank you very much for your response . 
  do you mind giving me your age range . 
  does n't have to be exact , it would just satisfy my curiosity , but i understand if you do n't want to divulge that info . 
  and no bun in the fancy way ? 
  thank you very much for your response . 
  i assume bayern ? 
  do you mind giving me an age range ? 
  it 's fine with me if you do n't , i am just curious . 
  thank you very much for your response . 
  glad to know in romania , you can make a good burger . 
  f-secure , norton , and now kaspersky . 
  this list is growing . 
  i imagine there are probably more anti-virus and anti-malware providers that have been compromised . 
  i 'm interested to see how this story develops . 
  i always thought avg or mcafee were nsa agents as well . 
  i would really like to know which vpn services have been compromised by the nsa as well . 
  if a religion ca n't tolerate people not apart of that religion , then it becomes a threat to the culture already in place . 
  not sure how exactly it 's different than eu , but here is a link anyway https://edri.org/romanian-cybersecurity-law-sent-to-the-constitutional-court/, 
  subscribe to / r/germany , daily people post stuff about wanting to study there , and its a nice community . 
  tips : i would use daad.de and or http://www.studying-in-germany.org/international-programmes-germany/ to help search for degrees . 
  they make it easy to find the requirements to get into the school .
