  umm , munich is expensive , lots of tech jobs , by far the most in all of germany . 
  not counting berlin , but most of berlin is just start-ups . 
  not really , i do n't think you should really have an issue beside finding a place to live maybe . . ? 
  however there should always be housing though the university . . maybe another tip would be to research the town a little bit before you accept an invitation to make sure you will like it and it has plenty amenities like good public transport , and things you enjoy doing . 
  any specific questions feel free to ask , or post on r/germany, 
  purmerend , last year at electronic picnic leeghwaterpark, 
  went to a local dutch rave in a small city north of a-dam . 
  50 % dicks , 30 % drunks , 10 % drunk and friendly , 10 % chill . 
  it also have to do with the us not have any public transportation system , like , at all . 
  now of course in big cities sure , but only in relatively dense areas where you setting up a biergarten in a concrete jungle is expensive , and not really a biergarten scenery . 
  the best locacal 's would be something like up and coming suburban communities . 
  small enough to walk if you had to , still some trees , and enough of a population to still make money, 
  that 's why they stopped it , the poor were making to much money . 
  really , have you looked at the recent laws passed in romania regarding their internet ? 
  sure they have `` fast '' speeds , only because they have modern infrastructure and not very many users . 
  most hated country by europeans , probably libya for wanting to migrate their entire population . 
  edit : the country, 
  shhh , not so loud , everyone forgot about us . 
  i thing some of you are not inserstanding exactly what i mean . 
  no econoimic favorotism and bennefits should be given to the uk from eu states . 
  the should be no benneficial trade alliances with the eu states and the uk . 
  the gave up their commitment , they join the eu knowing full well what was expected of them , and they accepted the terms . 
  now they drop out of the eu and my bet is they expect to try to force themselves into a position where they get the econmic bennefits without paying the cost of being in the eu . 
  the anology i like to think of is the eu is a family . 
  the steonger exonomies like in the eu like the uk france and germany are the older , more mature siblings and the weaker economies are the younger childeren . 
  if you help grow your economic allies , the siblings , you are helping support your entire family , the eu . 
  it 's only when you look at the situation with selfishness and self interest that you hurt your family . 
  when you run away and alienate your family , why should they help you in return ? 
  the populist vote in britain choose to go at it alone in europe , thus no economic favoritism should be given to them no matter how ` close ' they are to the eu . 
  in the eu 's self interest they have to protect themselves , thus if they rely on anything that the eu is teading to them , they need to raise the prise of that thing to an ammount that is econonic unfavoritable but still the best chose than to support a worse economic rival . 
  because that is what britian is , an econonomic rival , an ally of sorts , and i imagine that britian after a good solding can become an economic ally again , but for the time being there should be no favoritism given to them . 
  when your nation makes a commitment and fulfils less than half of their duties , they need to be punished . 
  without punishment opens the door to the eu being labled as weak feeble old men . 
  while i agree , they could be stronger and more ridged in some of their negotiations , the eu can not afford to let this slip . 
  it is unfortunalte that the vote was so close . 
  i 'm sure that the eu gives its deepest sympathies to those who wanted to remain in the eu . 
  but your country did n't remain . 
  we ca n't just punish half + 1-2 % of the country . 
  from what i read is that a good proportion of people who voted agains staying in the eu probably should n't have even voted because of how uninformed they were , but that is not the eu 's failt . 
  it is the whole of the british people , you can either stand eith them in their decision , or you can try to do something about out . 
  if your going to passivly sit there and not do anything about then maybe phycogically you are ok with it . 
  regardless , you still have two years or so . 
  scotland and north ireland might be a worthwhile choose to move , invisited belfast last year and it was absolutely lovely . 
  also berlin is very english speaking in the terms of daily live , not so when you have ti deal with the government , but in most day to day activities . 
  if you are so upset about the situation i know of plent germans who are willing to help you out in try to learn german and move to germany . 
  i do n't want this to seem as an aggressive statement because it 's not , it 's an opportunity to do what you belive in and join people who think the same way . 
  however i completly understand not wanting to leave your mother country , they are `` your '' people your family , your history and culture and worth being proud of . 
  in my opinion : to support the greated good and the futures long after we have died , you will want to support an economcally and politically strong eu . 
  you can see the termoil right now in the middle east . 
  they have been devided for centuries . 
  the eu nations can be just as hostile towards each other , but that is exactly what should be avoided . 
  economic warfare should he more acceptable than actual warfare . 
  being realativly less financially stable should be an acceptable alternative than war and death . 
  while you mignt not see it that way i do . 
  from what history has taught me is that unity with cultural independance is the way forwars . 
  you might not afree that it is , but i garentee you that the vast majority will want piece rather than war , in any capacity . 
  economic warfair , at the very least , causes less deaths than actal warfare eapecially in the nuclear age . 
  i realize you might not completly agree what i say , but that us ok , you are entitled to your opinion , you have the freedom if speech after all . 
  no , i 'm talking about saving hundreds of millions of lives . 
  look at it this way . 
  if eastern european block countries left the eu and their economy nose dives even further , who 's going to be there with open arms . 
  russia , creating more puppet states for russia is in no-ones best interest . 
  i hope the u.s. realizes this implication and supports a strong eu . 
  umm , no , that 's not how alliances or trade deals work . 
  i 'm not talking about a trade embargo , or the physical blocking of trade with britain . 
  that is how trade works . 
  india says i want those apples you are growing . 
  the eu sells the apples for 1kg for 2 euro . 
  the brits want eu apples , we charge them 3 euro . 
  this is not declaring war . 
  where did you learn your history and modern politics from , the back of a vegemite jar ? 
  so australia wants to take on nato alone ... 
  ya good luck with you 43230 active military members . 
  i know your flair is australian , but you seem to be putting your hand up britain 's ass , like your it 's puppet . 
  it 's the other way around mate . 
  oh i 'm sorry i ca n't hear you with all that rubish comming out of your mouth . 
  france 's economy is worse than britain 's , humm , let me check http://www.express.co.uk/finance/city/683003/brexit-shock-france-overtakes-uk-worlds-fifth-largest-economy-pound-plunges nope . . britain 's never lost a war . 
  humm , let me check that one as well . . www.history.com/topics/american-revolution/american-revolution-history and you can argue that the french won the 100 years war as well . 
  but the brits will never admit it . 
  edit : oh you want to talk about australia then , let 's see who did you guys lose to , a bunch of animals , birds to be specific . . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emu_war edit 2 : bonus video about the emu war https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjvdixoyzv4, 
  unfortunately 48 % percent of britain 's can not go unpunished either though . 
  it 's the same like it is in school , if a lot of the kids in the class were misbehaving , then entire class gets punished . 
  this will just be the grown-up version . 
  just fyi / r/germany is accepting asylum seeking brits , we 're happy to have you !, 
  the uk wants all the benefits of being in the eu without all the downside . 
  i hope the eu politicians are not so feeble that they cave into the uk 's demands . 
  they should be economically punished as hard as possible . 
  europeans of reddit ; if you were asked to buy ingredients to make hamburgers . 
  what would you buy . 
  it would also be helpful to know where your are from and your age range . 
  so i am visiting poland and have bouhgt some bottled mineral water . 
  i have noticed small brown and black specks floating in the water . 
  is this narmal ? 
  i have never seem this stuff in any bottled water in germany . 
  so i recently moved to germany , and have quite a bit of cash on me from selling my things in the us . 
  long story short , i now need to exchange this money to euro . 
  my dilema is that no banks in germany appear to exchange cash anymore , the only option is reisebank , which is charges a 10 % exchange fee in the form of `` altering '' their exchange rate . 
  my question is , are there any banks in countries bordering germany , that exchange money at or near the actual dollar to euro exchange rate ? 
  i know there are several small currency exchange places in popular tourist areas . 
  those are exactyl what i want to avoid because the fees are outragous , just like reisebank .
