i think that legislation does in fact go ahead of public opinion . 
  when the law to decriminalise gay sex happened in the uk , basically a very well educated man with a gay son chaired a committee on the matter : he just worked it out . 
  then with the last labour government , the gay lobby really just worked really hard to ensure politicians heard all their arguments and made things fairer . 
  i think princess diana worked really hard to get rid of the stigma around stuff like aids too and that probably made a difference among conservatives too ... 
  they 're getting better but the extended adjectival phrases are a bit abgefuckt ... 
  we should be the danelaw . 
  i actually really like that area . 
  it includes a bunch of major cities on the same railway lines and it makes a lot of sense ... 
  if the eu is n't detrimental then why are you against it ? 
  and since the uk still has local councils , some national assemblies , and all the arms of government which are independent of the eu , ( other than for international trade law which would be controlled between in a more costly way between states anyway , or human rights abuses which would be dealt with by the un ) , how is the eu anything to object to ? 
  just to preempt the immigration thing , nearly all studies show migrants have a net economic benefit . 
  what about the eu is detrimental to europe / european cooperation ? 
  a landmass east of the atlantic , north of africa , west of the urals and south of the arctic ... but there 's not much to talk about when you ignore the people 's common heritage , languages , culture , values and integration ... kind of like the premise of the eu, 
  i personally do n't see a distinction . 
  what do you think the distinction is ? 
  no , but you support a party which fights any meaningful discussion and would significantly weaken the uk . 
  they fight gay rights , stronger economic ties which make our gas cheaper , and overall have a swathe of reactionary policy which would violate human rights with a neoliberal economic policy which would make britain powerless in the event of another global financial crisis . 
  what do you like about ukip ? 
  how would britain be better under them ? 
  why the hell are you subscribed to r/europe if you support nigel farage ? 
  fuck the lego !, 
  we 'll take them for the bacon !, 
  mhmhm , i 've lived in the uk and there , and the uk simply is more tolerant ... 
  i 'm not saying germany 's bad but there 's a subtle level of christian-ness that seems to permeate everything but no one ever really talks about . 
  hopefully it will get shaken up at the next general election but merkel is not forcing it through like she should be . 
  it might also have been seen as awkward in the last parliament as the leader of the other coalition members was gay ... 
  i do n't know really but they just do n't seem to be as keen as us and france . 
  austria 's pretty awesome though . 
  no one gives a damn what you do so long as you do n't talk on the ubahn , kinda like london but smaller . 
  do n't worry , everyone else loves you guys . 
  i was seriously depressed when i visited copenhagen but i remember it being lovely . 
  there was a documentary series in england called ` scandimania ' and the guy could n't get over how awesome everything was in in denmark . 
  though there was a typically english dodgy bit when he ogled the people using the public pools ... 
  i got one from a machine but it tastes nothing like oysters ... we just use buses in bradford ... you need money for that ... 
  tolerance for miles !, 
  miles ... on the left hand side of the road . 
  in english . 
  i kind of agree with the sentiment . 
  i 'd say i was european before i was british but my family 's pretty international , i 've dated mostly non - english people and lived abroad . 
  i 'm also fluent in 3-4 languages too ... dutch is close to english but i read a study saying nowegian should be the easiest but it has a smaller population than london . 
  yes , of course learn a language , and if the border comes down then i do n't want to be on this side of it any more than you do . 
  but do it for the right reasons , do a year abroad and work out if you can actually cope . 
  it is * really * hard going out somewhere where it 's not your native language , you can get so lonely , there are so many protocols and regulations and even social cues that will mark you out for a long time . 
  i 've dedicated most of my life to learning languages and it is really hard to feel like you 're a part of where you are . 
  pm me if you 'd like to talk more, 
  think of the danelaw !, 
  the prime minister still hates us ... 
  just give them time !, 
  i do n't personally see gender as a binary thing , let alone sexuality . 
  i think that while i do identify as gay , i find ftm transexuals attractive , i find women attractive , but maybe then i should describe myself as bisexual but homoromantic ? 
  i do n't even know anymore , and i 'm pretty cool with that . 
  people are people are people . 
  do n't forget the danes , dear . 
  on the contrary , i 'm using logic and the european convention of human rights to disprove your assertions . 
  how are movements doing gay people a disservice if they are leading people towards the exact same rights as straight people ? 
  what would be low key ? 
  i 'm from the uk , not america . 
  what about my post was to do with social justice ? 
  i 'm not introducing anything new to the debate even , i 'm just challenging you with facts . 
  okay , most italians identify as catholic . 
  but not all . 
  italy must allow freedom of religion as part of its membership of the eu . 
  some religions are permissive of same sex unions . 
  since marital sex is impossible for gay people , this point goes against you . 
  the fact that some italians care about football has nothing to do with gay rights . 
  gay pride parades are disliked by you . 
  do n't attend them . 
  i dislike some political / nationalist parades so i do n't go to them . 
  freedom of expression is also guaranteed under italy 's membership of the eu . 
  again , keeping same sex marriage illegal does n't change your circle of friends . 
  you have no reason to dislike gay people other than prejudice . 
  oh no , ukip even staged a protest ... after the vote closed but you 've got to give them some credit : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/ttip-vote-postponed-as-european-parliament-descends-into-panic-over-trade-deal-10310965.html i think that while having a good work life balance is important , it exists at the mercy of a well supported middle class and respect for women 's rights . 
  germany is a great european country , but women rarely work and have children , merkel being a prime example . 
  gay marriage isnt even on the agenda , i 'd argue that there 's no infrastructure anywhere apart from in capital cities , and the left 's failure to think like south america will see it fade even more . 
  to be brutally honest , i do n't see a direct correlation between inferior standards of living and genocide , more economic events leading to large scale youth unemployment . 
  while the arab spring and the rise of isis are horrific events , barack obama said it best when his response to the problems in egypt were linked to the twenty percent unemployment rate . 
  can you be a little more specific ? 
  i 'd argue the the huge short term benefits of reaganomics in the 1980s shifted the majority of the european political class to the neoliberal right . 
  social democratic parties which sought to profit from this ( sdp , new labour ) have done so only temporarily , fracturing the left ( die linke , old labour ) from the centre-right , establishing a middle class consensus . 
  yes , there is a history of state owned industry being sold off with the advancement of the eu , but in the former soviet countries , moving away from state intervention is seen as a good thing . 
  many smes power growth . 
  ttip is horrible but our politicians are fighting it tooth and nail , to the extent that it is unlikely to go fully ahead . 
  i think that yes , social democracy and keynesian economics are a large part of europe 's history , but the way many new european countries are developing and the wider world is developing , leans more towards individual freedom , and part of that has to be the right to start competitive businesses . 
  this is a big , nice day for lgbt people all over europe . 
  it 's simply not needed and kind of shitty ... 
  well ... obviously russia does n't control that proportion of the vote and fag is a kind of derogatory term for gay people . 
  i do n't see the joke really ... 
  can you explain what you mean a bit more please ? 
  argue the case for an informed no-vote then . 
  if cigarettes were as cheap and ubiquitous in the uk we might be thinner too :p, 
  there were many counties which had a catholic majority or half and half , which remained part of the uk . 
  catholics suffered huge levels of abuse prior to this , and i mentioned northern ireland in a more geographical sense , as many people fled to the uk mainland following attacks from militant protestants, 
  historically , catholics . 
  i think though that having distinct terms for racism and prejudice requires it 's own argument . 
  it 's kind of absurd really to not accept that discrimination against people in this context is simply damaging to their aims . 
  i would n't kick up a fuss if loads of straight people came to an lgbta event , and i 'd hope that if people legitimately feared for their own safety in that context of their gender and ethnicity , they 'd look at ways of ensuring people 's safety without alienating people on the basis of their gender or ethnicity, 
  just to play devil 's advocate : northern ireland ? 
  we know !, 
  is it yes/ja/yeah in germanic languages because of the `` scandinavian '' words for ' i am ' start with jag/jeg/ik / ich/i and ar / \u00e5r / am ? 
  naja - ich hoffe manchmal auf eine internationale kommunistische revolution aber mein laptop ist mir lieber als meine grundrechte ... capitalist democracy has many problems but having expensive shit you do n't really need is pretty good ...
