thats because k\u00f6lsch gets stale rather quickly . 
  and they dont use ma\u00df in bavaria . 
  only for oktoberfest . 
  weizen has 0,5 l glasses and helles 0,4 l glasses usually . 
  i live in k\u00f6ln :d how is it confusing ? 
  ` beer etiquette ' been drinking beer in countless countries and in most it #s the same : enter , sit down , place order , drink , pay , leave . 
  yours sounds way too complicated . 
  burg means castle , berg means mountain, 
  could also be the moderator team of / r/worldnews, 
  nah , we lost the war the secound hitler ordered the attack on the soviets . 
  there simply was no way to beat and occupy all of russia . 
  why would anyone offer that deal if greece hasnt met any of the requirements from the first time ? 
  i wouldnt give my friend more money if he promised to get a job the first time but all he did was sitting at home playing wow . 
  nah , thanks mate . 
  saw some other guy give you some figures about % of gdp that was already given in loans . 
  i dont care enough of your opinion to be bothered to do some actual research ... if you are interested , just do it yourself . 
  oh shit , i almost forgot to thank you for being american ... want me come over and blow you real quick for stuff you havent done ? 
  seriously though , you seem terribly misinformed about the amount of money the eu has already provided for greece . 
  seems to me like you feel greece is the underdog , so you jump up to defend them even though you dont understand half of whats happening . 
  dont we all want our elsa\u00df back ? 
  i would like to go there sometimes as well . 
  but not permanently.i dont think i could leave germany for good . 
  just thinking about missing karneval is too much ... 
  how dare you ?!, 
  i live for eurovision !, 
  we always throw a little grill party and when it starts absolutely nobody cares or watches . 
  then , 10 beers later , we are all inside going absolutely mental ... it 's like the world cup but smaller and more embarrasing and i love every second of it . 
  thanks you too mate . 
  yeah , it 's the worst . 
  absolutely horrible here . 
  you shouldnt come here , like ever . 
  terrible place where you get raped by refugees the second you get off the plane . 
  just stay in america where it 's safe . 
  we will miss you terribly but you deserve better . 
  hitler always planned on fighting france . 
  it 's in mein kampf as well . 
  he did hope that the british would join him/stay neutral but the french and the soviets were always planned to be attacked . 
  all correct but in that context it was before the results for the election came out and she didnt want to be seen waving a flag prematurely ( unlike schr\u00f6der ) in case she lost . 
  that and she gave a speech just moments after and we all know she needs both hands for her power triangle . 
   enjoy your hundreds of thousands of unvetted islamist migrants !, 
  cheers , we will . 
  we have 4 mio turks here because of the whole guest worker thing post ww2 , and they have been quite lovely to be honest . 
  looking forward to some syrian market as well as turkish market to get some good food . 
   the flag , to a lot of people , represents not just the us but the people who have their lives to make it the way it is today . 
  this includes things like the revolutionary war , even 1812 probably ( although that 's a lesser-known war here ) , and also to a lot of people stands for how we stayed united after the civil war tore apart the country , and everyone who died in those wars trying to make life better for the average american . 
  it 's a flag mate . 
  this is hilariously ridicuous to be honest . 
  no sweeter feeling in the world than to put down your towel at 6 in the morning when you come home from partying and seeing it still lying there at 12 when you head for the pool . 
  especially when the towel is the german flag !, 
  just leave the ez already . 
  no side is benefiting from this anymore . 
  pumping more money in the bottomless pit that is greece at the moment is just stupid and the way it is handled now obviously doesnt work . 
  let them exit and default . 
  it will be hell for greece for the next few years but it 's not going to get any better like this . 
  bit surprised that tokyo and shanghai arent alpha + + cities as well . 
  that 's just in bad taste mate . 
  a lot of people suffered under the actual oppression of the ussr and you are trivialising this . 
  you know , whenever i read posts like this , i just picture all the engineers , scientists and other genuises involved in space travel sitting in their offices reading this and going `` omg we never thought about this !, 
  cancel everything , / u/stadthouder is right !, 
  we didnt consider any of this even though we are the most qualified people in the world and do this shit professionally . '', 
  lots of former communists still in there who grew up in the ddr . 
  the affinity for russia is stronger there, 
  i never learned of archimedes as greek tbh , but always as syrakusian ( or however you call them ) . 
  kind of its own thing , really . 
  wait , why would we not have beethoven in any case ? 
  railroads ?!, 
  you are kidding right ? 
  wan na go from valencia to barcelona ? 
  well , enjoy your layover in madrid because fuck you , thats why . 
  public transportation in spain is horrible . 
  and of course the roads are in good shape . 
  nobody fucking drives on them since they are all tollroads :d . the only people using your autobahns are tourists . 
  everybody else takes the small roads and autovias which are exactly as broken as everywhere else . 
  yeah but its not that big a deal since we generally have differing cultures throughout germany . 
  bavaria is different to nrw which is different than hamburg and so on . 
  he is the greatest star in the world !, 
  who doesnt tho ? 
  i like merkel . 
  at least definitely more than gabriel and still more than steinmeier ... 
  calm down dude . 
  nobody hates you . 
  dont get all touchy feely over everything and the world will be a much more pleasant place, 
  to make them sweeter and thus more appealing maybe ? 
  the majority here is from the remain camp , so there will be a bias towards brexit articles , obviously . 
  but , to be honest , it has been quite a shitshow . 
  article 50 not yet invoked and it doesnt look like it 's gon na happen anytime soon , boris johnson stepped down which made it look like he only supported the leave campaign because he thought britain would vote remain , cameron immediatly stepping down with a smile and a fuck you on his face , farage stepping down ( although that was a decent move imo , not like boris ) , ... since then it 's been getting quieter to the point where people wonder if the plan is to just ignore the vote and hope people will forget it ever happened . 
  listen mate , you cant seriously expect eastern europeans to be fond of russia . 
  for the past 60 years , you guys borderline enslaved and or gulag 'd them . 
  do you expect resentment to just vanish over night ? 
  especially recently with the invasion of ukraine the old fear or russian aggression came back to life . 
  i really dont see how you can play the victim here . 
  oh and btw ? 
  criticising the romanians for siding with us in ww2 is a bit hypocritical , dont you think ? 
  considering you were our ally as well and started the war with us . 
  [ always relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxum-2x-2dm ), 
  you people are really everywhere ... do you just browse through threads , waiting for an opportunity to share your bullshit with anyone who listens\u00df, 
  well , they did lose their lucky nations bonus already . 
  the berber nations could rise again and try to form andalusia, 
  by the newly risen austro-hungarian empire of course . 
  relax , dont be so stereotypically german and calm your tits,
