  so , yes . 
  geographically russia is mostly asian today , but population and culture-wise they are still very much european . 
  who ? 
  mate , no need to get so defensive about something that happened over 500 years ago . 
  the polish troops were one of the main contributing factor in the victory over the ottoman empire , but they only fielded 30 % of the troops . 
  to say `` poland saved europe '' is complete bollocks . 
  yeah i know what you mean . 
  right before christmas i was standing in front of a parking house in k\u00f6ln around neumarkt and seeing the neverending mass of people crossing from the weihnachtsmarkt to hohe stra\u00dfe , i couldnt help but think . 
  `` man , thats an easy target for terrorists here '', 
  nope . 
  i dont think you fully understand . 
  this isnt a law yet . 
  there isnt even a done proposal . 
  people are just debating the possibility . 
  maybe because there are un employees in south sudan to monitor the situation ? 
  not sure why else we 'd have data for that region in particular , but it being a new country might have something to do wiith it . 
  south africa is very situational . 
  go to cape town , keep to the city bowl and nothing will happen to you . 
  basically feels like europe . 
  but get in a car and drive to the outskirts and you hit the townships . 
  they are the old apartheid areas for the poor black people and even though apartheid is gone , the economy hasnt gone better and soweto or other large townships are basically slums the size of megacities with barely any law , jobs , social services or future . 
  the murder-rate in the townships is completely insane as you can imagine . 
  like the brazilian favellas . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  one guy proposes a law that will never pass our supreme courts and this is prove to you that we are still nazis ? 
  jeez , man, 
  ve vill try !, 
   the biggest country in europe , belarus , ( russia is considered asian ) is only 80 % the size of texas . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  even if you discount russia ( which is kind of stupid but whatever ) , belarus is the 12th largest country in europe . 
  what is wrong with northern canada ? 
  and even that isnt really enforced . 
  nothing easier than getting weed in maastricht or venlo even though they are bordertowns, 
  to us you sound like germans with throatcancer . 
  but in a good way, 
  they make plenty of dosh off of them though, 
  just wear your fashionable star when you run around germany and you shouldnt have any problems with the law, 
   that is a rational position to take . 
  but , think about it . 
  we have already enough evidence of the euro and the uk being a control group . 
  you misunderstood what he meant . 
  i think what he meant was that you are the guinea pig . 
  so the controlling hasnt even begun yet . 
  once you left and everything still is going fine for you or better , then we ccan stop supporting the eu , i suppose because you proved it isnt beneficial . 
  but as of now , nothing has been proven because nothing happened . 
  we will see if the guinea pig lived or died in 4-5 years, 
  so what ? 
  some people decide now and if in 100 years , completely different people decide that they dislike it and want to leave they cant ? 
  thats the dumbest shit i 've ever heard . 
   then we better all start learning mandarin . 
  well , i mean we did learn english and it didnt kill us , did it ? 
  how bad can learning mandarin be, 
  you are the 2nd guy who says that , but i fail to see why everyone keeps bringing it up . 
  i also think it 's stupid if we do it . 
  oh , i know we also have it set up this way . 
  i just think it 's stupid . 
  it would be the same if england , wales and northern ireland got to vote on scotlands referendum . 
  of course it would have ended in remain . 
  having the entire country vote on it , completely negates the purpose of having a referendum in the first place . 
  it 's about the people and their right to self-determination . 
  i quite like the brits actually . 
  we dont need to gift them anything we dont have to , but i dont think we should `` fuck them up '', 
  yeah the spanish have the same rule . 
  it 's utterly ridiculous, 
  all three of them !, 
  nice list , but you just know people will get petty when some countries have more than one representative . 
  swap monet for mozard and beethoven for erasmus and you have an italian , a frenchman , a dutch , an austrian , a pole , an irishman and german . 
  [ bono !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8hgm2xpaii ), 
  5 $ marie curie 10 $ socrates 20 $ archimedes 50 $ descartes or voltaire 100 $ einstein 200 $ mozart 500 $ ( do these even exist anymore ? ), 
  not sure , i wouldnt want to choose two of the same country to avoid petty squabbles and we havent had a dutch yet . 
  also the erasmus program is a great european institution and as a humanitarian he isnt controversial . 
  nah , there will be av visa-free period , as with most countries for eu-britain . 
  permanent relocation will be the issue . 
  there are loads of british immigrants living in spain at the moment and their fates are very much open at the moment , though . 
  they just want to gradually swap from low-class drunken party tourism to regular tourism that you can see everywhere in the world . 
  it isnt a question of either mallorca-style ballermann tourism or none at all . 
  it wont be over night but if they want to change their image and what kind of tourists you attract , then why shouldnt they ? 
   how about limiting whether you can drink on the street and only inside bars/pubs ? 
  what kind of fascist dictatorship are you running mate ? 
  we need to add a few stories to it , there 's always construction anyway so the crew is already paid . 
  it 's way cooler than the ulmer m\u00fcnster and deserves to top every list !, 
  it 's so depressing that it was so recent ... 
  whenever someone talks about colonial massacres etc , i think of 200 + years ago . 
  but 1904 was modern times basically . 
  i think my pig whistles !, 
  they are great examples in my opinion, 
  i hate water without carbon . 
  tap water isnt really an option then, 
  meh technically yes , but i always kinda counted it to europe . 
  prague is amazing but i 'd still say istanbul is the most beautiful city in europe . 
  shame it has become so dangerous to visit in the past 10 years . 
   so you actually believe that the majority of crimeans were against the referendum and it 's all fake . 
  i am saying we cant know for sure because if independent observers said they witnessed voter intimidation , then we cant rely on the result . 
   do you know any crimeans personally ? 
  no , but anecdotal evidence is always circumstantial at best . 
   if that 's the case , why is n't the west clamoring for a new referendum in crimea ? 
  that 's a good question , i 've been wondering that myself . 
  i guess it doesnt really matter in the end . 
  even if a fair and democratic referendum without interference could be held , would russia return the crimea to ukraine ?
