  that would be horrible . 
  many may be too young to remember the hassle that was currency exchanges when visiting the netherlands . 
  the euro made it all so much easier, 
   germany , if they keep imposing financial rigour to every other countries . 
  you 'll never stop us, 
  climate change is the one thing i 'm looking forward to . 
  living in cologne is awesome , but i always missed the beach . 
  plus , you know , no more dutch people, 
  let your hair down mate ... 
  isnt he an alleged fascist ? 
  pshh , dont give away our masterplan !, 
  something about the independent just rubs me the wrong way ... 
  whenever i read an article of them , i think to myself i dont trust any of what they write and i 'm not sure why . 
  it 's like reading the daily mail or breitbart or bild in germany . 
  it just feels so biased that it loses all credibility somehow, 
  that 's because french-guayana is a part of france and not a country . 
  still , why though . 
  why is the goal to leave nato , i never understood this . 
  what is the advantage of leaving nato in the first place ? 
  well , what is the incentive . 
  say you are the netherlands . 
  why the hell would you leave nato and join the eu army ? 
  what advantage would you have ? 
  the netherlands has no imperialistic ambitions as far as i know , so offensive strike capabilities arent exactly a priority now , are they ? 
  so for them it 's about defensive security and a membership in the nato gives absolute security while costing relatively little . 
  meanwhile reforming the military and forming an eu-led army would cost more but doesnt add more defensive capabilities ... 
  it 's just nonsensical, 
  yeah , every single country will stay neutral then and just remain in nato ... there is no incentive for this, 
  we do n't balk . 
  we snort , shrug and ignore it, 
  i am german and i dont want to leave nato . 
  stop acting like you speak for everyone . 
  well , he has a point . 
  he makes it very belligerently but it 's still a valid point . 
  if you say that you want to create a eu defense then sweden , as a eu member , definitely has to be involved and if they dont want to be part of that then they can absolutely veto it . 
  now you could say you just form a defensive alliance with those willing within the eu , but then it wouldnt be a eu-alliance , but just an alliance of nations that happen to also be in the eu , but not otherwise tied to the eu itself . 
  i disagree . 
  unless you mean actions from the past , but i feel like we shouldnt judge modern nations on their colonial past . 
  westminster did let the scots decide their fate by themselves , which by itself is very commendable imo . 
  berlin would never allow bayern to vote for their independence . 
  spain would start a civil war before letting catalonia go . 
  but westminster gave them the chance to decide it themselves and i think that is more respectful of sovereignty than any nation i can think of in recent past . 
  nobody asked you though, 
  its just a flag dude , relax , who cares ? 
  it 's because in spain are two very strong independence movements . 
  you have the basque country in the north and catalonia in the north-east , who both have strong parties that want independence from spain , which madrid doesnt want . 
  now what spain does is basically set up precedent . 
  if scotland demands independence but westminster says no , then spain will veto a scottish eu-application , so that if catalonia declares independence and spain says no , there is precedent to deny said application and without chances of getting into the eu , these domestic factions lose a lot of support , because who wants independence without chances of eu membership ? 
  but if westminster approves a scottish secession , then madrid has no reason to veto a scottish application . 
  the details are important though . 
  they are what makes it real imo . 
  just reading `` 11mio people were murdered in the holocaust '' is terrible of course , but it doesnt really paint a picture in my mind because it 's just so arbitrary . 
  actually reading the stories and visiting the sites and watching documentation of the survivors and their stories are what really makes an impact . 
  i like heineken . 
  i dont know why people on reddit seem to think every lager or pils is somehow boring . 
  an ice-cold heineken while sitting in a beach bar on a sunny afternoon ? 
  sign me up !, 
  though to be fair , i really , really dont like indian pale ales and all those heavy hop beers , so this entire craft-beer scene that is trending really isnt my thing in general, 
  tuna , onions , spinach !, 
  one of my favourites, 
  dude ... pineapple is great for a lot of dishes !, 
  it goes fantastic with south/south-east asian currys for example or grilled with some pork or chicken . 
  or put it in fruit salads , or cooked with fish with a mango-sauce . 
  or just fried rice with pineapples . 
  not even counting all the drinks you can make with it . 
  pineapples are awesome !, 
  chicken , pineappe , maybe something hot to pair it with like jalapenos ... really , really nice !, 
  that actually sounds delicious !, 
  the map shows nations , not states/provinces/countries / whatever you call it . 
  check out oecd website for intercountry rates . 
  we are approaching the question whether intolerance of intolerance is bad or not . 
  in my opinion , being intolerant of behaviour like beating and oppressing women is reasonable and good . 
  part of our interest is a strong eu and good relations with the former soviet states . 
  not sure putin wants strong former soviet states, 
  depends on what you mean with trust . 
  trust that he would never do anything against us like spying , steal data , etc ? 
  definitely not . 
  trust that if russia invades poland tomorrow that he 'd stand with us . 
  not so sure now ... 
  isnt that all political parties everywhere ever ? 
  i thought he was executed by sharia law ? 
  yeah thats always hilarious . 
  some tried that sounding german on r/de i think and finished their posts with `` gro\u00df erneut '' ... bloody yanks, 
  good . 
  no need for reactionary policies . 
  if scotland wants to leave the union and rejoin the eu , then they should be free to do so , but this `` lets immediatly have a new vote `` thing seemed a bit ... rushed, 
  agreed . 
  i just hope the people in charge are less petty and infantile but seeing the speeches of farage or some of the eu ministers doesnt fill me with confidence, 
  i think his point is he doesnt want to give any of his money to the uk . 
  pretty petty imo and utterly inconsiquential but whatever floats his boat , i suppose, 
  actually it means `` broken but beautiful '', 
  the newer european made fords are great though . 
  the focus is one of my favourite cars of the last few years, 
  well , ... classic case of agree/disagree then, 
  i disagree to be honest . 
  russia was always poltically focused on europe in their history . 
  i thought march was the previously stated date for exiting ? 
  it 's a population/culture thing . 
  the russian people come from the continent of europe and the majority still live in europe today . 
  they colonized throughout siberia , basically adding land to their country over the centuries but they started out completely in europe and obviously are culturally european ( east slavic ) .
