  shhhh just come to poland . 
  for a finn he sure does n't understand alcohol . 
  he 's right czechoslovakia is oppressing the poor german people in the sudetenland . 
  it is only fair to take it . 
  we only want to unite the german speaking people . 
  that is what a viking raid must have felt like . 
  as an american give me all your milsurp . 
  fake it till you make it . 
  hey we spend so much money on it that we ca n't just let it sit around all day and play video games . 
  third time 's the charm ? 
  you mean when god emperor trump becomes glorious leader ? 
  the old ones yeah . 
  the newer ones probably not . 
  we store our old tanks in deserts were there is no rust . 
  today is all about feels . 
  quit oppressing me with your racist facts and misogynistic logics . 
  i 'll have you know i 'm a cousin 27 times removed from the queen of england . 
  peasants . 
  is that were kinder eggs come from ? 
  ooh we call those chocolate murder in the states . 
  kill more people than guns / s, 
  higher than germany 's ? 
  lol, 
  a list of countries bombing people . 
  germany , france , u.k. ? 
  god help us . 
  so no source then ? 
  is n't this also about 70 years too late ? 
  it is important not to underestimate . 
  i do n't know a whole lot about putin . 
  he has to be pretty intelligent/ruthless to keep russia going in the state it 's in . 
  oh the irony . 
  no there would be nothing out there . 
  it would be out of the environment . 
  i thought you we 're going to link [ this ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/8/7213/7141879385_773aed33e8.jpg ), 
  well something is going wrong if comedians wo n't go to colleges anymore . 
  i get the point he was trying to make . 
  i do n't agree with it . 
  to me he just came off as someone trying to shock people to think like he does . 
  not while we 're here . 
  they could pull it out of the environment . 
  oohh you used the word xenophobic you are automatically right . 
  right ?? 
  shhhh do n't worry about it . 
  just plug this cord in your computer . 
  unified army ? 
  would they all speak the same language ? 
  surprise anschluss, 
  he 's like an alcoholic yoda . 
  well you are dedicated i 'll give you that . 
  who gets to decide what 's insane ? 
  giddy up partner . 
  90 % of americans love nasa . 
  we 'd actually love a new space race but you guys would have to spend a lot more money on the esa . 
  the final hurrah of sweden . 
  the great sauceshism, 
  what are you some kind of terrorist . 
  arrest this man . 
  it 's got to be something evil . 
  no one in their right mind would have a different view point . 
  really ? 
  i would n't make it . 
  this is off topic but if you 're texan why is your name okie ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what a time to be alive . 
  every man has his breaking point . 
  you could always get mega blocks ... i almost threw up typing that . 
  more like uniqua, 
  that style of english is extremely weird even for english standards . 
  i for one support it . 
  i say train train train . 
  would you also use mustard gas , weaponized viruses , and nuclear weapons ? 
  only russia can see countries as a trophy buffer zone . 
  hashtag apparently 100 % approval is suspicious . 
  with insight like that it is no wonder russia is so messed up . 
  i never once mentioned i care what happened to the tsar . 
  and that 's a reason to murder that child murder 's children ? 
  glorious murdering children as long as you justify it . 
  this is crazy . 
  are the left and right flipping ? 
  and his wife and his children and his servants and millions of his citizens . 
  the shill is strong with this one . 
  ohm i think you might be wrong . 
  they 've fallen so far . 
  is it not already ? 
  no they all live at the u.s. border, 
  wow, 
  you too . 
  i 'm not sure what the blue banana has to do with germany 's air superiority fighters . 
  i was referring to this bbc article . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34983396 i found it they are called tornado not typhoon my bad . 
  i think you were talking to someone else . 
  is it the worst in the u.k. then ? 
  yeah considering half of germany 's ~ ~ typhoon 's ~ ~ tornados are n't airworthy . 
  soon they 'll need some living space for all those immigrants . 
  over here over there we are marching everywhere . 
  watch out for burgers up in the trees !!, 
  we 've been losing that battle for a few generations . 
  i might be visiting poland in july !, 
  shhhhh do n't tell the germans .
