  hurrah for the hussars, 
  ooh watch out for that edge . 
  you might cut yourself . 
  well i assume germans do n't want to use violence so this is the result . 
  it 's like he does n't even know . 
  nuke the sun , nuke the sun , nuke the sun, 
  it 's lonely at the top . 
  note to self : watch danish porn . 
  do your statistics include cycling deaths as well ? 
  probably because we drive a heck of a lot more ? 
  ahh the good old french new year 's tradition . 
  no he 's right . 
  americans love putin / s, 
  damn those pesky barbarians . 
  moscow exists . 
  this angers moscow . 
  it would definitely be the u.k. 
  they 're one of the few who actually meet their nato spending goal . 
  there are places you ca n't drink tap water ? 
  wow sounds exactly like nato . 
  how does thier world work ? 
  god damn poland you glorious train wreck . 
  he 's blind to what he does n't want to see . 
  you mean you prefer to skip sense and understanding and go strait for bullshit . 
  i 'm 1/1364 irish , god damned lobster backs . 
  lol, 
  how can you fit all those people in the u.k. ? 
  blessed are they who tare the fat asunder . 
  what do you mean . 
  how is the german psyche toxic/dangerous ? 
  that 's what i thought . 
  my tax dollars well spent . 
  god bless the u.s.a. 
  so has your government asked you to give up your home ? 
  do you believe germany should have been left asunder ? 
  if you wanted original , you would n't be on reddit . 
  eye kant ' spall, 
  is he arguing with himself ? ... i don ... i do n't understand . 
  watch out now he 'll call you a racist . 
  is your name ken ? 
  good job . 
  so how much should i tip you for entertaining me . 
  watch out for that rouge america . 
  oh those russians in ukraine are just on holiday . 
  empire 's have been forged from less . 
  sweet, 
  can an american play ? 
  you already entrust your liberty to the u.s.a. 
  our tactics were/are very different than the whermact 's in ww2 . 
  they stem from different takes on warfare . 
  realistically no part of the uk would accept how much power they would have to give to washington . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  who 's at war with iran . 
  who 's at war with north korea ? 
  during war time all businesses are converted to war businesses . 
  sorry i 've been playing too much crusader kings . 
  do what ? 
  okay you get a star and a gerald r ford class aircraft carrier named for every kingdom + northern ireland . 
  plus we 'll call trucks lorries . 
  war is bad for business ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  you guys should just federalize already . 
  once you stay for a decade the stockholm syndrome really kicks in . 
  welcome ... welcome to city 17, 
  soccer balls are too dangerous so we switched to very large cotton swabs . 
  you have to forgive him that 's around the last time sweden fought anybody . 
  booo, 
  on paper the panther was probably the best all around tank of ww2 . 
  in the real world not so much . 
  the development was rushed which led to many problems in the field . 
  transmissions were too weak for the weight of the tank . 
  they were very expensive and slow to build . 
  i believe germany lost more panthers to mechanical failure than enemy fire . 
  if germany had instead focused on pz4 i believe it would have made a bigger difference than making panthers . 
  everyone believed that the the world was way too globalized and interconnected for a large war circa 1912 . 
  shhh let him believe it 's the only thing that keeps him going . 
  jesus where is all your money going ? 
  and were n't very practical . 
  like panthers and king tigers . 
  well if putin looks at who is actually meeting thier nato spending goals he might feel empowered . 
  except of course for the usa, 
  if it had a `` can not into space '' it would have been a 4 at best . 
  ooh my sides . 
  you should make suicide bombing illegal too . 
  uhhh civilians have always did in droves . 
  it 's not a new thing . 
  yeah well i 'm in the middle of the mediterranean sea . 
  how many have been sent back ? 
  then why is this a problem ? 
  why are n't only those being granted asylum making it to finland/sweden ? 
  it 's germany 's worst decision since june 22 1941, 
  that 's just like your opinion man . 
  best power metal on the planet . 
  if you 're into it . 
  i 'm in favor of a full pardon but my opinion does n't mean shit . 
  maybe they were just testing the waters so to speak . 
  have you seriously never heard sabaton ? 
  [ battle of wizna ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwexbbheetu ), 
  something something commie bastard, 
  probably not .
