  i reconcile it because i 'm not committing any crimes with my firearms . 
  my weapons shoot paper / steel a couple times a month . 
  i do n't even carry a gun on me when i 'm about . 
  like i said i 'd be more than willing to compromise to help keep guns out of crazy people / criminals hands but the left wants to ban everything and ca n't look at it from any other angle so we 're stuck here in limbo . 
  well i figure common sense is what stops them most of time . 
  plus people who actually collect / do sporting events with weapons do n't want crazy people to get guns either . 
  i would like to see better background checks but the left wants all or nothing so were stuck with what we got . 
  hey as a second amendment fanatic i 'd gladly register all of my guns if we could buy full auto weapons / suppressors . 
  i believe a gun registry would stop criminals from getting guns as long as they make background checks required between people to people transfers and the government provided a fast easy way to do background checks / register guns . 
  that 's why i said conventional . 
  i 'd hate to be a fighter pilot or missile technician that had to shoot down a civilian airliner though . 
  from a supermarket you do which is what u/captain-jon-longcock was referring to . 
  yes and no . 
  you can sell `` your '' firearms to anyone who is a resident of your state as long as you do n't believe they are a felon . 
  if you know they are a felon and you sell to them anyway , nothing will probably happen to you . 
  unless they somehow trace the gun back to you and prove you knew they were a felon before the transaction . 
  then you are going to federal pound me in the ass prison . 
  straw purchases for felons is highly illegal as well . 
  all of this applies to non nfa registered weapons . 
  those you can not sell at all . 
  in the 80 's the left compromised on gun rights they got new full auto weapons banned . 
  short barreled rifles and silencers have to be registered . 
  the right got that there would never be a gun registry . 
  personally i would trade full auto weapons silencers and sbrs for a gun registry . 
  you have to pass a federal background check . 
  besides wal-mart stopped selling the cool guns . 
  that 's the only supermarket i 've seen with guns . 
  i 've never seen a handgun for sale in a super market either . 
  fair enough i thought you were op who was talking about the pentagon . 
  as long as the europe continues this peaceful trend then there should n't be any problems with france 's version . 
  the u.s. military can stop any possible conventional bombing of the pentagon . 
  or surrounded by the world 's most powerful military . 
  second rate ? 
  i was thinking more along the lines of making all nato countries meet their defense spending goals . 
  relying less on the ace card that is the american military . 
  i wonder what would happen if the u.s. withdrew from nato . 
  you have a point . 
  you mean when trump is elected . 
  the syrians should just all go to sweden then . 
  i 've never been to the czech republic . 
  but i do own a pistol there and it is the best pistol i 've ever shot . 
  weapon exports . 
  haha that made me laugh . 
  why did the u.k. keep northern ireland ? 
  it 's the appeals that are expensive . 
  unfortunately for them . 
  it probably is . 
  it seems like germany is trying to appease putin , and for what ? 
  so in other words eastern europe wants more u.s. troops in europe . 
  and west europe wants to leave east europe to the wolves . 
  you wan na take my burgers and gas guzzling v8 sports cars away bruh ? 
  this is americ ... oh wait ... carry on . 
  i think i do n't want any ties would be the correct way to say that . 
  also cutting all ties in this day and age is impossible . 
  did you just use a double negative ? 
  it would never come to that . 
  most u.k. citizens are a lot more levelheaded than u/resident _ of_london . 
  a strong europe sounds good to me . 
  hey we were suedo allies in 1812 . 
  just imagine having a rich germany and a poor germany . 
  rip peaceful sweden . 
  like dogs liking boots . 
  american here i 'm sad we did n't nuke the soviets back to moscow . 
  just think no korean war , nationalist chinese victory , free eastern europe . 
  so you want police to be able to shoot when their/others lives are n't at risk . 
  it 's the exact opposite for us americans . 
  we introduce ourselves as american , and only talk about states with other americans or canadians . 
  welcome patriot, 
  then he should have shot `` at '' the offender . 
  when your life is in danger is the only time to shoot . 
  a warning shot is just negligent . 
  actually in america warning shots are a liability and are allowed in no circumstances . 
  if a u.s. border patrol agent did this they would be tried . 
  ok sorry i mistook you . 
  that does n't mean they just shoot them . 
  well there would be no warning shot . 
  i did n't actually think that would work . 
  i just pursue pands every now and then , and just thought i 'd ask a question . 
  is it ever standard procedure for a border agent to fire a warning shot ? 
  edit : i 'm a quasi federal employee with too much time on his hands . 
  paging u/ifightclouds, 
  i want to yell . 
  me either . 
  get out of here stalker, 
  mathematical sobbing, 
  could syria get any worse ? 
  he 's promising things he ca n't possibly guarantee . 
  all of them do this , but bernie is promising the moon . 
  i have no idea what to think here . 
  should n't we be yelling at each other or something ? 
  i 'll give you that , but i do n't believe it is a good thing . 
  i have seen his voting record on guns he 's tried to ban `` assault weapons '' `` high capacity mags '' and handguns . 
  thank god . 
  sanders is not pro gun . 
  lol, 
  has the earth ever had a constant temperature ? 
  check your white privilege . 
  just like president obama lama, 
  that 's if the eu does n't lose eastern europe to russia first . 
  you have some very weird views on america my friend .
