  have an upvote !, 
  and this , folks , is why you do n't vacation in muslim countries . 
  well it kind of looks like a curled up sleeping kitty ... like this : http://www.tattoobite.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/sleeping-cat-tattoo-design-2.jpg, 
  yeah i mean i see that on the map , i just do n't see the resemblance at all !, 
  duck ? 
  nice to see the ford is still strong with the uk . 
  no surprises at all , on the other hand , when it comes to my own glorious homeland :d, 
  there 's a great music video recorded on there , with drones . 
  it was all over the norwegian tabloids for a while : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjvab4i4ody, 
  unlike most of reddit , i do n't claim to have the answer to such a complex question . 
  i just know things are bad . 
  really bad . 
  and they do n't look like they 're getting better . 
  welcome to sweden . 
  everything you 've heard is worse . 
  i really do n't see how she could have handled it differently . 
  the whole situation was an ambush and there was no honorable exit strategy . 
  the point was to start a debate , and the debate has been started . 
  nice to see subway making a dent in the big m . at least their food kills you slower . 
  i for one have nothing against the united states of europe . 
  as long as the states have a good economy , low taxes , and i can live a good life in them , i could literally not care less about the color of the flag or the writing on the money . 
  that 's actually not a bad question , and there are precedents to this - deutchmarks were a common currency in most balkan nations before the dissolution of that currency , despite each nation having its own currency as well . 
  greek people can , and most probably would , to a large extent keep using the euro . 
  greece itself has to have some sort of financing and fiscal policy though , and it would be tough to conduct that in a currency you have no control over . 
  i have a hard time seeing how romania contributes to the greater picture . 
  but then again , that could be said of a lot of countries . 
  if we start doing this , we 'll be right back to france , germany and the uk before you know it . 
  this . 
  try as i might , i can not bring myself to feel sorry for greece in all this . 
  at some point , you simply deserve to be broke and unemployed . 
  well , among other things , our sex worker laws , as per op . 
  for a better overview though , here 's a great article about what 's wrong with sweden : http://swedenreport.org/2015/06/02/goodbye-sweden/, 
  all i can say is please , please , take me with you . 
  you understand the situation so perfectly , it saddens me to lose the proximity of one of the few remaining functioning minds in the nation . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  it 's weird waking up in a country you recognize less and less every day . 
  sounds to me like estonia has it right . 
  i do i do i do !, 
  i 'll sign off on this . 
  i 've been on enough of these cruises to be able to verify most of what is said here . 
  nightmare . 
  but is this really a surprise ? 
  people who have money , protect that money . 
  i would n't expect them to do any less . 
  in fact if i had money i 'd be on that list . 
  of course they can . 
  what does uk owe the rest of europe , and why should politicians in the uk make policy which is n't the best policy for the uk , and the uk alone ? 
  they have no duty to anyone else but their own voters - the british people . 
  if the majority of people want out , it 's the responsibility of the politicians to make the will of the people into reality . 
  hey , i never said which side of the fence _ i _ was on , did i , 
  i was raised in eastern europe and believe me , in my extended family , being confirmed as gay is worse than being convicted as a child molester . 
  so i definitely believe this . 
  i would consider it . 
  yeah but it 's not like it 's a sudden decision . 
  macedonia has been macedonia ever since it was a roman province . 
  now , parts of that province were in albania , and parts were in what now is greece , but it was called macedonia , and macedonia was part of it . 
  it 's like ` the united states of america ' . 
  it 's not like all of america is in it . 
  not even all of north america . 
  but they are the ` united states of america ' . 
  everyone knows it does n't mean mexico or honduras . 
  it 's macedonia . 
  come on . 
  it just is . 
  ha ha , thanks . 
  but really , it was a good joke , 
  good one !, 
  it 's not that bad . 
  the shade of blue is a bit ` wordart ' and there 's a lot of jpg artifacts in the picture , but overall it 's a clean design . 
  that 's your decision , man , not much i can do about that . 
  i 'd rather not say . 
  certainly not finland , if that 's what you mean , 
  i 'm a first gen immigrant and i 've found very little trouble finding a relationship . 
  if you 're a reasonable , kind , approachable person , you 'll find it does n't really matter what color your various bits are . 
  i 've seen this first hand . 
  it really is true . 
  not everyone actually knows how these things work . 
  honorary finn/swede !, 
  saturday 's going to be nice ... -30 c forecast . 
  layers . 
  and spending as little time outdoors as possible . 
  i literally go around in a state of fear when i 'm in north america , because at any moment , strangers will ask you things like ` so , where are you from ! ', 
  or come with some inane comment like ` wow , it 's cold today ! ', 
  just please let me wait in silence . 
  had n't planned on it anyway , but good to know !, 
  baltoscandia , then !, 
  the more the merrier !, 
  chaoticevilintj , myself . 
  sadly it 's a geographic region , not an ethnic one . 
  that too !, 
  there you go !, 
  depends on how far up you go in norway , i think . 
  if you split the country lengthwise , i 've had very different experiences in the southern half compared to the northern one !, 
  except i really _ do _ like this . 
  i really , genuinely do . 
  i hope to god our culture never changes because i do n't know what i 'd do with myself . 
  fennoscandia , then !, 
  because you must agree that denmark is n't really like sweden and finland and norway in this regard . 
  danes are pretty outgoing people . 
  but nordic includes the danes and i want to actively exclude them .
