go to dreamhack , you 'll find your fair share . 
  maybe not female , but ... 
  surprise surprise , we 're not the promised land ... 
  i know we have self-defense laws , but this does n't apply . 
  neither op 's post or the example you gave are an example of self defense . 
  sure am glad that i do n't live in one of those countries , then , tbh . 
  i mean ... violence does n't solve the problem . 
  in your example , getting in a fist fight wo n't make my car repair itself ... 
  well i certainly wo n't get in a fight , will i. . . 
  all i know is there 's no way i would resort to violence in a situation like that . 
  if there were police present , let the police handle it . 
  that 's why we have police . 
  as a citizen , maybe you can remind a person that they 're breaking the law . 
  after that , your right to be involved ends . 
  your right to be violent never existed in the first place , ever . 
  so instead of knocking on the guy 's window politely and asking if he was aware the street was closed ... 
  no it is n't , and pretentious people like you who look down on legitimate culture are what 's poisoning this continent . 
  brilliant . 
  wow . 
  the entitlement and judgmental air is palpable . 
  keep looking down your nose , man , i ca n't help you . 
  i 've always been an adi/rudi dassler kind of guy . 
  i 've never actually owned a pair of american sneakers . 
  can i just say on a totally unrelated topic , that your country has the coolest flag in the world ? 
  oh , me too . 
  i 'm one of those americanophiles everybody hates here but that everybody secretly is anyway . 
  i love american culture , and i try to spend as much time there as i can . 
  god bless that place . 
  we 're a continent of psychotics by comparison . 
  reddit is never representative of the population at large , imho . 
  well , turn around in any swedish city without head-butting a mcdonalds , burger king or subway . 
  apparently and quite obviously , we love this stuff . 
  with cars , just keep in mind that power big meet in v\u00e4ster\u00e5s is the _ world 's _ largest classic american car meet . 
  in the _ world _ . 
  that means there are more classic american car enthusiasts in this country than in the country where these cars were built . 
  i 'd think that 's a legitimate reason to say that as a nation , we 're pretty mad about american cars . 
  also , as much as it is petrol station literature , you ca n't deny that books by american authors outsell books by authors of any other nationality , if for no other reason than sheer volume . 
  the fact that they 're not critically acclaimed does n't mean people as a whole do n't love them - cfr the mcdonald 's argument . 
  also , swedes go to new york , orlando , miami , key west , washington dc and la in relatively large numbers . 
  new york is destination # 8 in the top ten , and america as a country consistently places in the top ten country destinations . 
  so , i 'd say i have the bel\u00e4gg to support the slutsats . 
  as a pretty arrogant , backward-striving , capitalist and imperialist nation of arrogant and undereducated fat people . 
  but , at the same time , we love their food , restaurant chains , cars , series , movies , popular culture , books , and we vacation there like there 's no tomorrow . 
  discrepancy ? 
  europe is about to get very interesting . 
  i had a muslim friend who loved a good bacon burger with a beer . 
  not all believers are super-believers , 
  i do n't know , man , if i was fleeing a war and my family 's lives were at stake , i 'd kiss that cross like there was no tomorrow . 
  these are people first , muslims second , and we should n't forget that . 
  the question is ` how do you make sure someone is christian ' ? . 
  it 's not like they have barcode tattoos imprinted during the christening , with a unique and non-reproducible numbering algorithm . 
  all you have to say is ' i am a christian ' , and you become one . 
  the problem is n't the intention , it 's that rules like this are simply impossible to enforce . 
  i see no problem with this . 
  a nation should be able to decide how many and whom . 
  the us immigration officer has full discretion to deny you entry to the us because he does n't like the color of your jacket . 
  why should slovakia have less rights over its border ? 
  i do n't see anything wrong with this . 
  the weather , primarily . 
  who wants to live in an ice box ? 
  that , and the taxi driver who wanted 56 euros for a drive which would have taken 40 seconds if he did n't think we were idiots , and went in a huge figure eight around two blocks even though there were no one-way streets there ... or the transfer bus driver who dropped our bags on the tarmac while on the phone , got in his bus and left without so much as a hello ... or the airport personnel who looked at us like cattle while yelling at my wife about a ` kamera aparat ' they thought was in our bag when it was n't ... or the guys looking at my wife like she was a piece of meat ... or the drivers who did n't look like they would stop unless you were made of concrete , and would have run anyone over ... basically , it was a comprehensive experience . 
  i guess my wife and i send out a vibe . 
  i expect what i get in my home country . 
  for noone to bother me . 
  the concept of a ` personal integrity sphere ' does n't seem to apply in some regions of the world . 
  selling me something is ok . 
  following me on the street and yelling at me while tugging my shirt is n't . 
  it was a joke , really . 
  northern swedes have a reputation for being very introverted and closed-off people which are extremely hard to keep a conversation going with . 
  of course like most other stereotypes it 's funny because it 's partly true , but definitely not universal . 
  when we were looking , it was simply the cost of the hotel rooms , and flights - the flights are obviously longer , and since it 's less common to go there you do n't get the ` sardine can ' class charter flights to the same extent . 
  also , hotels were about 30-50 % more than they were in greece , on average . 
  it 's not a huge difference when put together , but every little counts , and like i said in the end you vote with your wallet . 
  what / u/thefatpolishdude said . 
  so i 've heard !, 
  i promise i 'll visit soon enough , 
  we 've thought of going several times . 
  the prices in cyprus are just too high when compared to places like greece and croatia though , same reason the lovely and elusive malta has been so hard to visit . 
  in the end you always vote with your wallet and that 's a shame , really . 
  i 'd love to see cyprus some day . 
  could very well be . 
  this was in the early spring , in a ` touristy ' area , when there were relatively few tourists around . 
  i suppose there was a feeding frenzy when two tourist wallets showed up . 
  i love how people assume things . 
  just because i have a swedish flag next to my name i now have blonde hair and am a westerner  i 'll have you know i moved to sweden as a war immigrant in the 1990s , and am certainly not nordic by origin , 
  ca n't say i agree about the food :d any country which bases its food supply on meat and dough is ok in my book !, 
  yeah you get that a lot in ` touristy ' places like that . 
  phuket in thailand was _ horrible _ . 
  ha ha , not just for foreigners . 
  northern swedes are n't hospitable to us either :d, 
  i did n't say it was because of that - it was the nature of the people . 
  we were rudely treated , the country left a ` dirty ' impression on me , people were n't friendly or welcoming , and we had the constant feeling that we were walking money bags people wanted to extract as much profit from as possible . 
  in greece , we get some of this , sure , but to nowhere near the same extent . 
  it just gets to you when you 're walking down the street and old smoking men look at you in absolute disgust . 
  we both left turkey feeling like a couple of commodities . 
  definitely not going back . 
  having vacationed in both countries , i will come back to greece anytime , and will never come back to turkey . 
  that 's all i can say . 
  i 'm sorry for offending any finns but ` good english ' and ` finland ' do n't belong anywhere near each other . 
  that 's awesome knowledge .
