  please let it be them . 
  gender studies . 
  because it 's sweden , come on . 
  pretty well it turns out . 
  a lot better than other people in my country do . 
  i ranked # 3 on the list , and swedes in general ranked as # 7 . 
  the biggest mistake i made was a large overestimation of how much capital is owned by the top 1 % , probably because of generations of leftist propaganda . 
  i hate to be the one to say this , but ` germany ' and ` brutal ' are hardly two words the union of which can be characterized as ` new ' . 
  slightly less impressive than similar pictures of places like dubai and shanghai . 
  i think it 's basically coke vs pepsi . 
  ie , choose between two virtually identical corporate products , both of which are bad for you . 
  i am a pilot , and i weep every time a runway is lost . 
  i 'm sorry , but i ca n't see anything good about this . 
  brilliant place . 
  gets hot as balls in the summer , but the food is incredible and the people are amazing . 
  sweden man agrees completely . 
  sm\u00e5l t\u00e5k is no yoke , it 's a serious problem . 
  how are we able to say this with such certainty ? 
  is n't he dead ? 
  the headline should say ` anton lundin pettersson , 21 , is believed to have chosen ... ', 
  i truly hate norway . 
  they 're the most car-unfriendly country in the world . 
  not at all . 
  i 'm an atheist and do n't follow any religious traditions ( apart from the ones that give me days off work ! ), 
  oslo was the only city my daily would n't cover - i e the only city in europe i could n't afford to eat lunch in while working . 
  testy much ? 
  yes but none of that matters when lunch is 40 dollars . 
  this is the same country where a mustang ( a 35000 euro car ) costs 120000 euros . 
  i 'd hardly call norway a good economical system . 
  i think this is warranted : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aicf1qdyxhm, 
  europe has both a refugee problem and a migrant problem . 
  the problems are separate and should not be lumped together or confused with each other . 
  people fleeing from persecution or war in syria are refugees . 
  people traveling to other eu countries from romania , to beg on the streets , are migrants . 
  how about accepting refugees from sweden , people fleeing the humanitarian crisis we are rapidly importing ? 
  might need that in a year or two . 
  the myopia of people is staggering . 
  he dropped mics and was cool on twitter , he must have been a great politician !, 
  guys , it 's entirely possible for someone to be an allround great guy and still by and large enforce terrible policies . 
  i wo n't miss this guy one bit . 
  i thought you were talking about these guys : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_baccalaureate, 
  as long as it 's equal , i have no problem with this . 
  if they allowed this exception , they 'd be opening a can of worms i would n't like to touch as a school administrator . 
  poor bosnia . 
  the running joke of the entire former yugoslav republics . 
  just saying , summer in stockholm . 
  not all of us live in the fairytale version of the city . 
  for a fair and balanced image of the city : https://arkitektstudenterna.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/bild21.jpg this is also ` summer in stockholm ' . 
  oddly enough , probably for the same reasons , depending on who you ask . 
  this is sad . 
  she was my idol when i was growing up . 
  swedish women ? 
  oh you mean these : https://i.redd.it/4s4hgyxhksmx.jpg thanks , i 'll pass . 
  we 're great ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  makes sense . 
  and really i was n't surprised , that 's why i said it 's something i see a lot and did n't really see as a surprising new fact . 
  anyway , cheers and happy trails , hope to run into you someday . 
  alright , alright , but i 've seen it happen . 
  you know , someone who does n't speak a word of swedish , but after four beers , you 're having a conversation with them that 's as fluent as whatever . 
  i 'll take your word for this not being representative of the majority , without question . 
  you know better than i do in this case . 
  i 've seen this happen a lot . 
  finns know a lot more swedish than they tell me they do . 
  not sure the best way to go about this is by having gasoline engines idle for long periods of time though . 
  i mean your heart is in the right place , legislators ... but ... no . 
  why is support for the death penalty red ? 
  thank god for that . 
  maybe soon i can go back to london again . 
  reddit is a mine field of triggers . 
  always wanted one of these . 
  they 're too expensive for a hobby shooter , but they truly seem like a wonderful weapon to use . 
  recreationally . 
  i meant it as ` the country in the picture being finland ... ' . 
  being finland , of course , the tank is there for the people who do less than 80 . 
  same gas piston system , really , if you can get over the generic ar look , i 'm sure they 're functionally similar enough . 
  but yes , the g36 is a really iconic rifle . 
  the balkan is a peninsula . 
  i mean , that definition is n't geographically wrong . 
  it 's basically , the whole peninsula . 
  sweden ... does n't look like that . 
  i 'm sorry to say . 
  indescribably sorry to say . 
  yes of course . 
  rebelling against large , centralized government means you need more government . 
  h&k really did hit it out of the park with the 416/417 . 
  i 'm not surprised at all . 
  i have to ask for the sake of everyone , is this city going to be called rapture ? 
  no , but in all seriousness , as a fellow transhumanist , i wish you all the success in the world with this endeavor . 
  i 'm not sure efforts like this can come to much , if i 'm honest , but i 'll be rooting for you . 
  bless you . 
  even though you drive gm . 
   sincerely , a mustang guy who shares your sentiments . 
  the norwegian fascist state at work . 
  yes i read that on the website too . 
  i still think it 's a ridiculous hangup between two nations which should have better things to do with the taxes they collect from their citizens than to one-up each other in a silly naming contest . 
  when every kid knows how to read , nobody 's begging on the streets , and noone goes hungry , then i can care about diplomatic overtones . 
  greece and whatever-you-agree-to-call-it both have work to do in those areas . 
  perhaps greek tax euros are best spent correcting greek problems . 
  and perhaps macedonian denars are best used fixing the myriad social issues that country faces , instead of running a naming campaign .
