  that is very strange . 
  i really do n't know how to take responsibility for behavior i find irrational . 
  as far as i know , scandinavia is norway , sweden and finland ... 
  but some people exclude finland and include denmark , it 's a fluid concept it seems . 
  one should however at least be consistent , whatever one 's definition is . 
  except denmark . 
  denmark is like the sparkly little sister who 's constantly bringing home new boyfriends every week . 
  well , all i can say is , i 've lived in sweden , worked in norway , and worked in finland , and language aside , find those three places to be highly monocultural . 
  there is a definite ` scandinavian ' culture , which i would wager that this is a part of . 
  it 's not just the finns . 
  you , i can tell , reason like a scandinavian . 
  as a swede , i feel inner peace when i see this . 
  i would n't want it any other way . 
  i will absolutely vouch for this . 
  dutch cyclists are insane . 
  could be green too , so it might just be mali . 
  yeah but still ... 
  the yellow is in the _ middle _ . 
  in a german flag , the yellow is in the bottom and the _ red _ is in the middle . 
  this is at best a belgian flag . 
  they are not german flags . 
  the yellow is in the middle . 
  if the leftmost color is indeed black , then shit has hit the fan at the belgian embassy . 
  but it could just be a dark green . 
  neglect , because kids walked a mile from their house . 
  that 's just crazy . 
  it 's mental . 
  no , i did n't . 
  i have a feeling it would n't be good for my blood pressure . 
  and yes , schl\u00fcsselkinder is exactly what i 'm talking about !, 
  for 30 minutes to an hour . 
  ooh ooh . 
  honestly , arresting someone over something like that is n't something that would happen here . 
  in fact you 're hard pressed to get social services to remove a child because the rights of the parents are so well engrained here , as well as the rights of the children . 
  see , we like to _ think _ before we act . 
  this is just ridiculous and you see more and more of this deranged culture of safety in america . 
  children are n't made of glass and they do not need to be kept safe 24/7 . 
  america has gone apeshit . 
  anyone else remember having a key hanging around their necks , cooking dinner for yourself while your parents work ? 
  what happened ? 
  only if they resist . 
  not necessarily . 
  if the russians invade , all we have to do is become russian . 
  not so bad . 
  - the swedish feminist party - is the spawn of the devil . 
  and yes , taxes equate to stealing ) . 
  yes it is . 
  the difference is that school happens to people under 18 , which is before they 're old enough to be seen as people in the eyes of the law . 
  but essentially , yes . 
  i used to , so i know what you mean ( i was raised in eastern europe during the cold war ) . 
  although you do n't have to draw an equals sign between marxist socialism and democratic socialism , i do understand the need to make this distinction . 
  absolutely . 
  i 'd say i 'm right up there with american republicans who say things like `` the single greatest danger to your family today , is your government '' . 
  absolutely . 
  yugoslavia showed me what a strong government does to its people . 
  i want no part in making politicians any more powerful than they absolutely need to be . 
  and if they want me to forcibly give up my child to the defense of this country , i 'll resist it until my dying breath . 
  if my child wants to join the army , that 's one thing . 
  but noone should be forced to engage in the trained killing of human beings against their will . 
  no one . 
  it staggers me that swedes , who balk when you microwave meat in a shared microwave ( think of the vegans ) , would so willingly have their children kidnapped and taught to kill . 
  i disagree with this . 
  but of course you 're welcome to sign up to a volunteer army if you do n't . 
  7/10 swedes think someone else should do the fighting , is what i read from this headline . 
  i do n't see 7/10 swedes signing up to do military service . 
  this is hypocrisy writ large . 
  i do n't want to join the army , but i 'm certainly not in favor of enslaving young people to do it for me . 
  if the army wants recruits , let it make itself attractive and relevant . 
  i was raised in yugoslavia , under marshall tito . 
  i came to sweden after experiencing that . 
  i think i have plenty of perspective . 
  yet , on balance , i 'd say sweden is the more communist , and more socialist of the two states . 
  well said . 
  in socialist countries like sweden , freedom is absolutely illusory , since everything you do is done at the suffrance of the state . 
  i really ca n't understand how the population here can be so comfortable in being so controlled . 
  you were n't alive in the 1970s , were you ? 
  it makes me sick . 
  the only thing that was good about the 1970s was that they ended and produced the 1980s , which rapidly deleted that horrifying and deeply communist social climate . 
  it 's quintessentially swedish to marry the worst aspects of totalitarian communism with the veneer of a western democracy , yes . 
  for me , it does n't matter if it 's 18 months in israel or two days in a cushy barrack . 
  it 's basically mandated slavery , where the government exercises its right to own its citizens and deprive them of their freedom against their will . 
  the conditions of this slavery are not even part of this discussion . 
  i really do n't understand this . 
  the army is n't a competitive employer , so to solve the problem we will now take people hostage , enslave them against their will and force them to endure army service . 
  that 's modern of us . 
  by this standard , i should be emigrating to saudi arabia . 
  does n't everyone have three golden rolls royces and a gaggle of sex slaves there ? 
  `` it 's not up to you ! '', 
  chant italians . 
  for goodness sake . 
  the jury were all conservatives ? 
  what an astounding coincidence . 
  was n't that an excuse from a bruce willis movie ? 
  is this for real ? 
  well to be fair , i 've been to finland a few times , both for work and as a tourist . 
  it 's not like he 's wrong . 
  britain 's going to nanny school , bless her . 
  she needs all the help she can get . 
  but she needs to stop copying off america 's answers . 
  are they the men responsible for the late '90s vectra ?
