  if you are in the lower to middle class you 'd probably earn more in sweden . 
  light of my childhood . 
  nah , you can see that he 's with a woman not a farm animal . 
  retired people . 
  our best hope is that more competent people than idiots turn up to vote and that nobody messes with it , but it 's still the best we go right now . 
  yeah , we are drunkards . 
  trying to avoid it as good as i can . 
  eventually . 
  and not a single worldcup . 
  they manage to make wine between losing at football ? 
  i do n't like this color scheme . 
  less nuclear does not mean greener or better . 
  to be fair : american wines have become really nice in recent years . 
  french wines kind of survive on `` frenchness '' if that 's a thing . 
  i 'd much rather buy italian or american wines . 
  you are an american i suppose . 
  our immigrants would have to really organize and set up a shift rape system to get to the numbers you people produce . 
  not to mention civil unrest in the us , as well as racially inspired violence and shootings . 
  you 've cut the most important bit . 
  but yeah , let 's disregard what experts think and go on rejecting people based on where they were born . 
  you are the one preaching hatred against people in need . 
  i think i 'm not the one who 's abrasive . 
  but sorry for disturbing your pleasant dream or superiority . 
  as real as the one saying that gmos cause cancer ? 
  you 'd expect around 10-15 % illiteracy , possibly less though . 
  almost 25 % is absolute nonsense . 
  syria is n't a giant town of sheep-shaggers , it was a developing nation which has sadly suffered under incompetent leadership . 
  but you people do n't want to hear it , `` we are superior and they are the cause of why you hit your wife and why my boss hates me '' is all you want to hear . 
  it 's not anecdotal . 
  these are observations by people who are on the inside of the issue and it certainly beats the shit out of you bild and afd published `` statistics '' . 
  especially when it 's about heated subjects like this , a lot of statistics are falsified or presented in a misleading way . 
  you could show a graph of the increase of immigration and make what ever happened shortly before isis the 0 point and simply claim we are being swamped by gang raping masses , but that does n't make it true - it 's twisting facts . 
  the way we rushed them through our education system is also shameful and actually caused a lot of harm . 
  teachers who actually work with these people claim that we could have quite a few of them ready for the abitur within half a year but you do n't want to hear about that , you just want your bias confirmed and keep hating foreigners to distract you from your own problems that you could be solving instead . 
  no it is n't i have a first hand source . 
  kinda the point . 
  it did n't help the refugees either . 
  it was an all-around dumb decision . 
  not sure if trolling or serious . 
  immigration is very important for germany . 
  people here do n't have enough children and a lot of the syrian refugees are actually fairly well educated , which may give us a further edge in the competitive international market . 
  and if it 's done right , it 'll also be good for our culture . 
  the problem many immigrants ( and even children of immigrants born in germany ) face , is having a feeling of not belonging anywhere . 
  this void can either be filled by harmful influences , like religious extremists , or it can further the creation of communities that will refuse to integrate , which is why it 's up to us to help them get a foothold in german culture and society - if we 'll manage that then they 'll add their own to our culture enriching us too . 
  people do n't seem to understand this . 
  we know , there is nothing subtle about the racism in austria . 
  it seems to be a complex issue . 
  i 've heard from a math teacher who works with refugees , that they made it very easy for them to graduate from school . 
  employers caught on fast and now , having graduated at a certain time is essentially worth fuck all . 
  i do n't know the intricacies but i 'm just saying that there are underlying problems most people never hear about . 
  `` they just want to live of welfare '' is not a correct opinion . 
  i like that kind of border . 
  big words from a person from a place like iceland - but no wonder you are nationalist . 
  anyhow . 
  your definition does n't help you . 
  and in case you have n't noticed : there is no general consensus of what europe is . 
  your definition excludes british territories such as st helena , which played a huge roll in european history . 
  iceland is also split between the eurasian plate and the north american plate . 
  maybe we should split you into a european and an american part , since you do this so easily with russia , of which the majority portion is east of the ural mountains and thus , by your definition in asia . 
  i place russia outside of europe for the same reasons i include iceland . 
  do you have any arguments beyond `` because i 'm against what the eu thinks '' ? 
  if we 'd discuss euro-russian relations , i 'd happily agree . 
  i also find this anniversary very noteworthy , but i think there are better places , such as / r/space and the somewhat friendlier / r/astronomy . 
  that 's essentially me entire gripe with this matter . 
  my opinion is unpopular , but i got a few good replies , though they were still critical of my opinion . 
  yours is not one of them . 
  i have n't deleted anything and i have n't gotten any messages that a moderator deleted anything . 
  i was arguing that the largest mass of the land lies not on the european continent and russia does not embrace fundamental european values ( about which i just commented in another post in this thread ) . 
  in addition , i feel that the russia is culturally far removed from europe . 
  they do share some cultural aspects with eastern european countries , though it 's important to consider , that countries like poland ( or even as far east as romania ) used to be a lot more like western european states , rather than russia , but the isolation during the cold war brought about a cultural shift , which is now slowly reversing . 
  in german schools that 's actually part of the curriculum . 
  there are a few arguments for russia being european , but i do n't think those are any clear cut and the geographic location of the population probably is the only one that can hold any water . 
   first : i do n't even see anyone here calling russia european it 's in / r/europe . 
   also i wonder what `` basic european values '' are `` the european union 's fundamental values are respect for human dignity and human rights , freedom , democracy , equality and the rule of law . 
  these values unite all the member states -- no country that does not recognise these values can belong to the union . '', 
  http://europarlamentti.info/en/values-and-objectives/values/ not all european countries are in the eu and not all share these ideals , but i 'd call those a sad minority . 
  as for the refugees : i 'd like to think , that most of the large eu members done the best they could at the time when the refugee crisis struck . 
  though some countries , especially greece and italy had major issues , it must be considered , that these countries had massive economic issues to begin with and coping was considerably harder for those nations than for germany and sweden for instance . 
  i 'm not proud of hungary and i think they should face serious consequences for their misbehavior , but that 's on a different page . 
   also should n't we try to help russians if you have any idea how to do this without acts of war , then i 'm glad to support it . 
  i do n't think change is possible as long as putin and his people are in power and they certainly know how to keep it . 
  there is a counter movement , but if you believe they 'd be able to win against putin in a democratic process , then i 'd call that ( without trying to insult ) delusional . 
  i 've given some arguments against it , do n't you want to give some arguments to support your point ? 
  until then : no it is n't . 
  i must protest : russia is not europe . 
  people being mildly miserable . 
  stop being a bitch . 
  this would have been an opportunity to learn something about other countries , but op has left the building after your dumbass reply . 
  / thread, 
  i think you got that the wrong way round . 
  nuremberg is the one with the glasgow partnership , but it 's not really important . 
  well like i 'm not calling them the daily fail for nothing - they also once ran the headline `` quantum physics proves that there is an afterlife , claims scientist '' . 
  if the mail has n't been on your radar as a bit `` dodgy '' then it should be now . 
  it 's makes for entertaining reading though - bit like bild in germany . 
  hamburg is nice , but if you ever come visiting down south , let me know , i 'll give you a tour through nuremberg . 
  to be honest , it also annoys me . 
  it 's build into me because that 's how i 've grown up , but i recognize that it 's a bothersome part of our language , that does n't really add much if you have n't grown up with it . 
  well i looked at the eu gdp and the gdp of the uk and france , and used that to make a little diagram . 
  imgur wo n't let me upload it but i hope i wo n't get banned for using tinypic . 
  http://oi66.tinypic.com/qqyhq9.jpg it 's definitely problematic for everyone , but i believe that france and the uk will end up having more problems than the eu .
