well , if greece can get themselves back in line ( with a little help ) then hungary can too . 
   but yeah , neo-nationalism is a pest . 
  people forget that back in the 19th century nationalism was about breaking down borders and unity of the greater , a bit like today european federalism . 
  talking about today , not some historic scenario . 
  welcome in the 21st century mate . 
  interestingly hungary also seems to be very unpopular with its neighbors . 
  i remember some romanian friends being quite upset about hungarian immigrants burning romanian flags . 
  it 's sad . 
  you ca n't just throw them out , but possibly use pressure to help them improve . 
  the market could use the competition . 
  so i can switch to a foreign provider if my local ones do n't step up their game ? 
  it 's under attack . 
  filthy nationalists as well as outside powers are trying to disturb the peace . 
  we must defend the union !, 
  it 's being publicly condemned and there are articles , books , documentaries and shows about why , but it 's next to impossible to get these people to listen . 
  at some point it 's just reasonable to blame the people for the opinions they refuse to challenge . 
  i 'm very happy to talk respectfully to anyone who has honest questions , but there is no way of arguing with someone calling you libtard , salty , cuck and what not - just to stick with the english terminology . 
  austria is notorious for voting for the far-right and they still did well enough to rattle the cage . 
  personally i was worried , but i would n't have been surprised if the outcome would have been different . 
  if the dutch would have done that , it would have represented a large and wide shift of opinions , in austria not quite so much . 
  at least in germany , these far-right parties tend to come with build-in self destruction . 
  i 'm curious about how the cdu/csu will do , seeing that they position themselves a lot further to the right again . 
  i 'm loving this . 
  it 's a great first signal for unity and against mindless nationalism . 
  i know germans will not vote for the afd , so that only leaves france . 
  do n't disappoint us !, 
  that 's a very delicate issue and you are looking at it a bit too broadly . 
  we ca n't , of course , have the americans , russians or anyone else interfere like that , but are n't we interfering if we bar erdogan from talking to people who live in german but have voting rights in turkey ? 
  and then there is freedom of speech - for everyone . 
  i 'd like to trust in people 's reason , but then i remember that every day i have to do with people who doodle swastikas on the blackboard when they think nobody is looking and think it 's very clever that nobody can definitively prove that it was them , though everybody knows . 
  well this year is going to be interesting anyways . 
  it 's all symbolic anyways , we live in the age of the internet . 
  if anyone wants to talk to a broader public we ca n't keep them , even if it 's manipulative . 
  i 'm happy we still vote on paper , though . 
  sorry if it 's a bit rambly , just about to finish my bottle of wine . 
  not really . 
  he wants us to abandon our core principles , so he can call us hypocrites and validate his point . 
  the turkish opposition has asked us to let him in for that reason . 
  baring him from entering would help him . 
  and of course he knows that he is unpopular with most people here and he abuses this dislike and turns it against ourselves . 
  that 's bad . 
  it 's exactly what erdohitler wants , so he can point and shout some more . 
  http://i.imgur.com/1dupjag.png well if they are convicted of rape , they 'll get send home again . 
  not only that but also the man that killed him - that must balance things out . 
  we know our humor is a bit strange , but we have many other great things to offer the world . 
  we are also the inventors of the chocolate buttplug . 
  that 's kinda what it 's about . 
  they are like caricatures turned up to the nth degree . 
  being a bit rude with these floats is kind of traditional . 
  now even better after cleaning up the errors . 
  :p i 've recently read `` the invention of nature '' which is a biography of alexander von humboldt by andrea wulf , her name is , i think . 
  it 's also a wonderful digest of humboldt 's first hand experiences with politics around the globe at a very important time for democracy . 
  just came to mind , thought it may be relevant . 
  it also won the royal society 's science book prize 2016 . 
  people who left behind everything and find themselves within a foreign culture , wo n't be perfect citizens from the get-go , but they are n't criminals either , most problems are petty crimes , like theft or violence between groups of refugees . 
  they are here to secure a better future for themselves and in that respect they are welcome , because they do , they 'll pay us taxes . 
  we are also doing a much better job at integration now , which ironically is why we have refugees who have become better adjusted to our culture in 2 years than some of the old ones in decades . 
  back then , for example we put people 's kids in schools geared towards their own native cultural circle , expecting them to leave , but now those people run parallel societies . 
  current immigrants learn our language , teachers do speak mainly german and they attend classes in which they are introduced to our history and culture . 
  this is a fairly new approach and it 's working . 
  i 'd dare say we have more problems with people trying to burn housing for refugees , refugee camps or even attacking them in person , which happened a lot at first . 
  oh , sorry , i 've read `` should n't '' . 
  there currently is a bit of a bias with these posts around here , so i misread . 
  i need to make myself a macro of sorts for posting that . 
  germany experiences 9.4 rape cases per capita , the us has 27.3 . 
  just fyi . 
  not sure what you mean by loose either , last time i checked we do send those home who have no perspective in this country . 
  most of them who come here are actually good people . 
  well , you can joke about it - it 's been over 70 years . 
  in politics that 's still a problem and making jokes about that time will still end your career , but politicians always look for ways to mark down or get rid of an opponent . 
  regular germans are fairly comfortable with their nation 's past . 
  to be honest , rubbing their face in their own shit has become half the fun - together with krapfen and being kissed by random women when leaving the house with a tie . 
  these are beloved traditions . 
  care to explain ? 
  because it 's currently so popular : germany - 9.4 , us - 27.3 ( that 's rapes per 100,000 ) our refugees really need to get fucking to catch up to you people . 
  i 'm german and i assure you that we are pretty fine . 
  we are actually better of than you currently are . 
  do your care to elaborate , rather than spitting insults ? 
  salty , are we ? 
  xd need a safes pace ? 
  there was a time it was useful , lest we forget the nationalistic movement in the mid-19th century in germany and earlier in france . 
  both were very promising and resulted in great progress and new freedom for many . 
  that how ever was at a time when germany was split in countless small counties and ruled by oppressively conservative monarchs . 
  it was the globalization movement of it 's days and it 's not entierly fair to just remember it for a few wars ( of which there always used to be many ) , though it has indeed outlived its usefulness and has become the smallest common denominator for narrow minded people . 
  germany has many societies dedicated to the annual carnival traditions , especially in the region where these are from . 
  they are largely funded privately and sometimes subsidized by the local government . 
  germany is very happy with the eu and most people see that it 's a good thing . 
  judging by your name - if you are indeed russian , i understand that you are obligated not to like that , else you 'd get poisoned . 
  right ? 
  germany has 9.4 rapes per 100,000 , the us has 27.3 , so you better take your dick out of your victims ass before you talk about a `` rape crisis '' in europe . 
  we have humor , but it 's usually non-compatible with the rest of the world . 
  trade means dependency and these new ties can be used for good . 
  besides , you gave up a lot of your say in world politics when you elected a cheeto as your head of state . 
  ps : calling the us a democracy right now is somewhat stretching it . 
  https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/de/us germany . 
  since when do statistics measure random chance ? 
  but yes , it 's not random chance , it 's good government and a society in which people work together , rather than only for themselves . 
  that 's what makes a country successful . 
  actually you are more likely to make more money in sweden than the us . 
  the average income in the us is inflated by the super rich , but the income inequality is far greater , meaning there are fewer people earning more of the money .
