  maybe it 's even an opportunity for smaller states . 
  a lot of my friends from england turned out to be brexiteers , which made me very sad . 
  well just today the daily fail ran the following headline :  nicola sturgeon vows to use the early general election to tear the united kingdom apart and create an independent scotland i 've also heard that an independent scotland would have to run through all the same procedures as other countries if they wanted to join the eu . 
  i 'm not sure how accurate that is , but a transition time outside the eu and not within the united kingdom either would definitely be a problem . 
  but yes , i understand that england and scotland have a lot of dependencies . 
  but it sounds very romantic , thinking of an independent scotland joining the eu and ireland re-uniting . 
  i guess that 's now how politics work but it 's a nice thought . 
  well i hope for the best for scotland . 
  glasgow is one of our partner cities . 
  what region of germany did you make your home ? 
  i assume that my library has multiple copies of the more popular titles - it 's fairly large . 
  reminds me that i have to bring back a cookbook tomorrow . 
  paper cuts does sound pretty nice actually . 
  what about scotland , though ? 
  will you guys stay in the eu or re-join ? 
  with trump on one side and france on the other i failed to keep in touch . 
  not terribly encouraging is the understatement of the year . 
  i tried talking to people yesterday . 
  i ended up frustrated and drunk , and put an end to it by calling everyone a cunt . 
  weirdly i felt very positive about the french for a while , but i 'll adopt a more stoic approach to french-european relations again . 
  if the french want le pen , then so be it . 
  if the french want to leave , then who are we to stop them ? 
  france was an important part of the eu , but still only a part . 
  i wo n't have my jimmies rustled anymore . 
  why not let someone else have a go ? 
  what you have rented out ? 
  last thing i 've finished was greek science by g.e.r. 
  currently i 'm reading unkenrufe by g\u00fcnter grass , but i 'm in a bit of a rut , because i mainly read on the go and i 've been home for 2 weeks now . 
  next thing i 'll read will probably be antiker volksglaube ( popular believes of the antiquity ) or finally the great escape . 
  i always feel guilty if i 'm reading anything light . 
  not sure how many i 'll finish this year . 
  she kinda won already . 
  when i first heard of her , she was a fringe phenomenon , now she 's a serious contented in a major election . 
  plus , talking to the people of / r/france all day left me very tired and frustrated . 
  i 'm currently ( rightfully ) being criticized for showing a bit of a short temper , but i 'm really in no mood for talking anymore . 
  there is nothing unusually wrong with international law as such . 
  the us and germany also have some conflicts between federal and state law , international laws just puts another layer on top of that , which ( not always but usually ) is fine . 
  we simply need that - imagine we did n't have the geneva convention for example . 
  do n't get me wrong though , i like refugees . 
  i think that if they come here to build a better future for themselves and they succeed , it will also benefit us . 
  regardless of that : people funneling refugees into europe by sinking their boats is just reckless and needs to be stopped . 
  these people actually pay to be brought to europe and as they are paying customers who will never ask for a refund , they are being massively lied to about the living and working conditions in europe . 
  that 's a problem and we have to combat that kind of shenanigans . 
  plus , a lot of people actually drown , which is n't good in anyone 's book . 
  if it were that easy , it would be an obvious solution , but i 'm really not sure what law would forbid to pull them out of the water and just ship them right back . 
  i assume that it must have something to do with boarders at sea - maybe if they shipwreck off the coast of a country it 's legally just as good as already being in that country . 
  but yeah , color me ignorant when it comes to this specific question . 
  by now i assume that they 'll vote for le pen . 
  i do n't think she survives round two , though . 
  there is too much nationalism and too much xenophobia . 
  part of me kinda wants them to leave , just so this whole nationalistic bullshit can self destruct in peace . 
  nah , there is tons of stuff going on . 
  detaining people without reason and keeping them in unacceptable conditions is not something a eu country should do , but there also is very little action against officials who abuse people . 
  hungary is behaving questionable at best . 
  well greece lies about their economic and financial situation when joining the euro zone - that 's a completely different matter , hungary is more or less trampling human rights . 
  that 's a big difference . 
  i know we would n't be able to kick hungary out , just like that , that 's why i said `` threatening them '' but there should be consequences to this , as it goes against all basic values of the eu . 
   the european union 's fundamental values are respect for human dignity and human rights , freedom , democracy , equality and the rule of law . 
  these values unite all the member states -- no country that does not recognise these values can belong to the union . 
  i 'm having to quote that more often than i should . 
  i do agree with that , but i think militarizing boarders wo n't help much . 
  it 'll cost a fuck ton of money and people will find a way anyways . 
  i 'm not saying that there should n't be due procedure , but i do n't thin military will help . 
  look at what happened in hungary - that was just terrible . 
  this is usually already a prerequisite . 
  if they commit any crime in germany that would give them 2 years or more in prison , they are on their way out . 
  refugees are also initially limited to a 3 year stay . 
  should they still need support from the state or if they have committed any kind of felony/crime then they probably wo n't be able to stay beyond that . 
  our rules are actually strict enough that we occasionally see cases where good people , who have integrated well and maybe even helped to shoulder the refugee crisis as for example , translators are now asked to leave . 
  that 's how it is - at least in the case of germany . 
  well i think germany has done a fairly good job . 
  we learned a lot about immigration and integration on post-war guest workers ( and fucking up big time ) and we can now put the learned into practice . 
  i have n't seen an emergency tend in a long time , people are finding their place in society , attending schools , finding jobs etc. 
  i think we could handle some more , actually . 
  having said that , i 'm very unhappy about how hungary behaved . 
  the effort of the french is also somewhat lacking , or at least that 's what it looks like on the outside - but i understand that ghettos have been a problem for a long time before this and is n't an issue that will easily be solved . 
  though actually , i think we should threaten hungary with kicking them out of the eu , based on what we 've seen . 
  sie is entirely useless , but without gender words it would sound weird , though . 
  the positive thing is : unless you are doing some serious business for a company , nobody is expecting you to get it right . 
  it 's something that needs a lot of practical experience . 
  actually , i 'd like to keep our pessimism and slight self doubt . 
  it keeps us humble , grounded and improving . 
  i 'd definitely lose the fucking `` sie '' , though . 
  here in germany we have two words for `` you '' . 
  one is `` sie '' which is a formal , respectful way to address strangers , higher ups and so on and `` du '' , which is used to address friends , family and children . 
  this seems pretty clear cut , but there is so much overlap and insecurity . 
  just go with `` sie '' then , when in doubt , just so you do n't fuck things up ? 
  well that may just leave people feeling turned down and old in some situations . 
  it 's just unnecessary and it fucking sucks . 
  i kinda hope that this will become a thing of the past asap . 
  also : daylight savings time needs to die . 
  we started it . 
  sorry for that . 
  also interesting that this is being asked by someone from england . 
  are you coming on to me ? 
  [ topkek . . !, 
  ] ( https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2015-07/13/12/enhanced/webdr05/enhanced-6890-1436804912-15.jpg ) :p, 
  mee-m like gene with an m , which is how it 's intended . 
  that end bit sounds really cool . 
  i 'm so frustrated by all the shit they add to their letters , but yes , it 's an attractive sounding language .
