  the refugee situation is a big challenge , but i think we weathered the worst and will eventually reap the reward . 
  we make a much more conscious effort at integration than we used to and it will show . 
  i should note that a lot of our prosperity comes from the european union , which i know to be true for nearly all other member states , even if neo-nationalists like to tell you the opposite . 
  the objective now is not to get caught up in this and keep working and improving . 
  europe kind of grew culturally over millennia . 
  we went though conflict after conflict , developing stereotypes , very different cultures , feuds and quirks which , thanks to the internet , we can lampoon and kind of gather on maps , which is fun . 
  i guess that 's why europe is so popular when it comes to these things . 
  including the entire planet would be a lot broader and a lot of people in the west may not actually have an entertaining opinion/factoid about places like mongolia or cambodia . 
  how ever , returning to a smaller scale , i also seen maps like that of the united states , which also work quite nicely . 
  that 's another reason why the eu needs to be truly united . 
  many people fear they may lose their national identity through globalization , but i do n't think that 's true . 
  germany for example is also a federation of states . 
  despite having been united for so long , people still maintain unique cultural characteristics from state to state and even rivalries that date back hundreds of years that actually sometimes split states within their current state boarders . 
  a `` united states of europe '' will not be the end of local culture , it will only improve us and allow us to work together better , like for example in police work . 
  germany : metropolis . 
  it 's a historic milestone in cinema history . 
  it 's a very one sided opinion i 've provided ( after all , we are strangers on the internet ) , but i do view switzerland with some suspicion and i do wonder how long switzerland can survive independently in a globalized world . 
  i 'm cutting this reply a bit shorter than i would , but i have a concert to attend . 
  take care and do n't take it all to heart . 
  maybe we should talk about prejudice towards other cultures , stealing tax and hiding nazi gold if you like . 
  the swiz have the regrettable disadvantage , of not being able to pin half of the issues on political figures . 
  how ? 
  a lot of them ended up being collaborators during the occupation and after the war they killed a lot of german pows . 
  not long ago , i had a very hot dispute , over whether or not anything east of germany should be considered european . 
  that person argued using the cultural divide created by the soviet union over a few generations and weirdly , that 's not that weird of an argument . 
  yes i understand , especially in the south east - that little cluster of nations that just is n't fit for the union , or switzerland as a matter of fact , who are a bunch of bastards . 
  but it 's just a different way to define it and i rather like it a lot . 
  i excluded non-eu countries . 
  otherwise it differs wildly what people consider to be european . 
  mostly it 's reasonable enough , but a lot of people also count russia and turkey , which i find unsettling . 
  somehow we also let israel participate in eurovision . 
  when someones says europe , i 'm thinking eu . 
  other 's just are n't in the eu yet , but hopefully may be one day . 
  brexit , mainly . 
  treasonous , stupid nonsense . 
  ca n't really hold it against n-ireland and scotland though . 
  migration and travel to countries outside the union may be restricted . 
  england , because you know why . 
  soon to be replaced by estonia , though . 
  hey , good news , estonia !, 
  someone likes you more than the english !, 
  they are n't member states . 
  this seems to be a pretty common mistake . 
  then you are in luck , because all except for luxembourg are n't in the union and luxembourg is n't all that bad . 
  this also means that by accident you actually decided on one . 
  fickst it . 
  nobody holds much of a grudge , except for a month or so every two years , when it 's time for the euro or worldcup . 
  ( or when you are mad at someone and ran out of arguments ), 
  dude !, 
  you are what 's wrong with the world !, 
  op asked a valid question : `` how do we prevent this from happening ? '', 
  his title was shit , which is a whole different matter , but you automatically assume that it speaks for the entire content of the post and that this is all there is to it . 
  the world is full of misleading headlines and i keep seeing it over and over again here on reddit : people who have extensive discussions about a headline that bares no resemblance to the core statement of the actual article . 
  this is why the media is broken . 
  because of behavior like this , actual facts and content has become almost inconsequential compared to a catchy , sensationalist headline . 
  now you want to be respected by me ? 
  i do n't even ask for much , just ** read what you are replying to ** . 
  then i 'll respect you . 
  this kind of shit is why we have to deal with trump now . 
  yes . 
  it 's only around two lines long , but that makes it kind of embarrassing for you for not reading it . 
  but looking at the numbers you are n't the only idiot who reacts without thinking , because the headline is not what you think . 
  sheds an interesting light on the people here , though . 
   definitely not . 
  forcing others to act as you want ( let alone to think as you want ) is immoral . 
  you have n't read the post , have you ? 
  that 's kinda what 's wrong these days : people reacting based on a headline . 
  well . 
  not really . 
  getting good news is really hard by any stretch . 
  you have to look at different sources , filter the bad ones , know biases and also hear about what other people think to get a comprehensive view of the word as it is right now . 
  i do n't keep up as well as i should , but either you can stay informed even with the bias towards us news on the internet , or odds are you could n't without that either . 
  i still kinda hope that donald trump will end up being a small suicide to the political establishment , but i 'd say that 's a bit optimistic , seeing how fast people forget . 
  there is no movement and that 's unhealthy . 
  there is always hoping . 
  for the first time in my life i 'm going to vote for a major party in the upcoming elections . 
  germany is in a weird situation , politically . 
  a lot of people only see the issues , but ignore the shift in political landscape . 
  during the past few legislative periods we were ruled by the great coalition , which consisted of our two major parties . 
  most people were n't too happy about that , but i think the constant tug of war and forced cooperation was n't that bad for us . 
  the people , of course , did n't like it and also did n't feel `` represented '' . 
  i think this has been a major factor in the formation and rise of the semi-far-right afd , which in turn makes the center-right cdu/csu lean a lot further to the right again , which does worry me rather a lot . 
  i vote for the social democrats to keep my country from slipping to the right , not because i think that they 'd represent my ideas the best - that 's another way you can vote . 
  29 parties certainly is a lot and it should be fewer ( we only had around 14 the last time ) but again : i wish more would have made it into the bundestag , which apparently did work better in your country . 
  coalition building will be a headache with so many parties , but it also means that the voice of smaller groups can be heard . 
  the first party i voted for actually was the b90 die gr\u00fcnen ( the green party ) because i liked how they worked together with the social democrats in the past - i would n't vote for them today anymore though . 
  oh so much political rambling . 
   democracy : a system of government by the whole population or all the eligible members of a state , typically through elected representatives . 
  i think that 's not that bad of a definition . 
  the act of voting is not democratic if it has no effect , as to some degree in the usa or various regimes . 
  people in the ddr also voted , but it looked more like [ this ] ( http://cdn1.spiegel.de/images/image-593860-galleryv9-rpyo-593860.jpg ) . 
  but you ca n't expect people to be able to decide on regulations concerning the use of a specific family of pesticide . 
  that 's why we representatives . 
  the american system is less like a democracy , it 's more like tossing a coin . 
  i 'm only 30 and i 've already seen two presidents being elected , who have not won the popular vote . 
  your system is also quite hostile towards smaller parties . 
  there is no perfect system , but what i do like about ours is : if you vote for the green party or what ever smaller party you like , they have a good chance to be represented proportional to how many people voted for them . 
  here in germany they have to reach 5 % , which is a bit too high for my taste , but it 's a start . 
  comparing eu democracies to the us system is ( in many cases ) nothing short of insulting . 
  putting everything into the hands of the people is n't always a good idea either - see brexit .
