  does latin count ? 
  italian is great . 
  i never get tired of hearing people speaking it . 
  non euro , i 'd have to pick japanese . 
  i studied it for two years and it just gets more beautiful . 
  i also love the khoisan languages - those clicks are beyond cool . 
  those adverts ran in slovenia ? 
  no actually it was n't . 
  it was more of a frank elstner tribute special . 
  how ever , at the very end frank elstner said to kai pflaume ( who hosted the show ) that he would like it if he 'd regularly do a show with this kind of format . 
  sadly it 's not in the mediathek , which is a shame . 
  but i hope that it 'll be back . 
  it was a nice format . 
  i know austrians know this one , but the rest of the people here may not : `` wetten dass '' was huge . 
  the concept is simple : people claim they 'll be able to do some weird feat of strength , i remember one in which a person was able to guess the brand of wiener sausage by the taste of the sausage water . 
  then there 's always a celebrity who has to `` bet '' on whether or not the person is able to do it . 
  it was cheesy and weird and a lot of the international celebrities often seemed visibly uncomfortable , but it was fun and ran for decades . 
  here 's one with rowan atkinson and some guy who can recognize people by the sound they make when swallowing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7x4c0khw68s the bet itself starts at 4:30 ~, 
  there is a quota dictating how many women should be in leading positions . 
  it 's not binding as of now , but companies who have n't complied yet , have been threatened with fines . 
  i think it 's silly and the word misandry comes to mind , considering that we are already a very equal opportunity country . 
  a lot of companies will meet the quota without problem and even go over , while some sectors just are n't attractive to women - that 's just how it is . 
  from my city to sicily ? 
  about 1\u00a01/2 days . 
  like i said , it 's really slow , but often the cheapest . 
  there is always a law against littering , police may find it suspicious when a bunch of people in black having a little ceremony and doing stuff with an urn . 
  some countries may still have rules for the handling of human remains . 
  anyhow , if you want to go for it , them maybe you could take the bus . 
  i once payed 50 $ from the center of germany to sicily , but it 's not exactly comfortable and it takes quite long . 
  taking a train may be another option , but 100 $ for a plane ticket sounds pretty unbeatable . 
  i get what you are trying to say , but it does n't make much sense in practice . 
  there is one example i know of , that lets you use alternative stamps and that is the uk . 
  there is a private company called universal mail that prints stamps . 
  the motives are touristy and pretty , they cost a bit more , which is n't so bad , but they can cause major issues going through the mail . 
  cards take a lot longer if they have those stamps on them . 
  now let 's extend that to 28 + countries . 
  why would n't there be `` real '' german sausages anymore ? 
  i 'm regularly having some . 
  what kind were they ? 
  just the other day i noticed that my sonicare toothbrush has `` made in romania '' on it . 
  i got some friends there , so i enjoyed seeing that . 
  that 's true in the same way that the point of cooking is throwing stuff into a hot pan . 
  this is becoming an increasingly bad thing to say as the 60 's and 70 's kids are growing older , but you ca n't expect old people to understand it . 
  it 's utterly foreign to a lot of them and they do n't seem to understand the difference between acting in a virtual space and acting in real life , as demonstrated by the argument that an fps can function as training for how to use a gun . 
  dude . 
  i had to mark the url and copy paste it . 
  did you really had to do it like that ? 
  well anyhow . 
  that guy is talking out of his ass . 
  without knowing the specific laws in those countries : banning certain games is ( and always has been ) utterly useless . 
  here in germany wolfenstein 3d was flat-out banned , but i still managed to get it into my steam library by having a british friend gift it to me . 
  i could also have purchased a key online and used that . 
  even if those two methods were gone , i can just download it . 
  that 's also what i did with manhunt , which was released before the steam store took off . 
  any laws to ban or censor are effectively rendered useless by the internet . 
  that 's a very diverse issue . 
  even within germany there is a constant complaining about this . 
  education for example , is a matter of every single state . 
  this is utterly stupid , because people who finished school in berlin may not be accepted by a university in bavarian because of that . 
  so i 'd love a unified system , but i want the test to be challenging and indeed a sort of filter , while other states like berlin may want to keep slightly more relaxed standards for final tests , to enable more ( in my opinion unqualified ) people to enter a university . 
  so we go back and forth . 
  nobody will ever be happy but it works rather well . 
  the eu has the problem that it 's a fairly new thing and people see it as foreign . 
  people wonder `` what do they want to make us do ? '', 
  and `` how dare they ? 
  '' , but that 's our government now . 
  they may make decisions that should be left to the states , but the opposite will also be true and there will be eternal arguing about it . 
  but arguing does n't make it bad and rejecting the idea the eu because of it is somewhat problematic . 
  germany and everything north and south of it . 
  i still kinda see germany as the border between east and west . 
  it 's a cold war thing . 
  if we want a united europe we need a common government . 
  i stay and defend it to my terminal breath . 
  well , after shinzo abe 's visit to the us , japanese dignitaries expressed a wish to further expand our relationship . 
  this is not good for the us and insulting china over and over again surely ca n't be good either . 
  trump is a diplomatic nightmare . 
  i 'm sure there is an army of people behind the scenes trying to counter-act , and everyone pretty much knows that he 's a buffoon , but he will leave his mark on us-foreign relations . 
  not sure as to how far trade with the eu will become problematic , but i keep hearing people complain that if he pulls through with his `` america first '' policy in the way he promised , then it will be bad for everyone ( including the us ) . 
  as an american , you probably want to hear me whine a `` thank you '' of sorts , right about now . 
  it 's true that the us helped rebuilt , but the us did hurt germany by getting everything technology and science related out of the country . 
  some of your wealth today is indeed build on technology , know how and science gathered from germany during or after the second world war . 
  anyhow . 
  currently the us is an important partner in trade , but i 'm convinced that this relationship will greatly diminish over the next 4 years or how ever long you keep the mad cheeto in charge . 
  our most important partners , adding up the export and import volume , would be china , france and the netherlands . 
  our european neighbors are much more important to us , than the us . 
  do n't overestimate your place in the world . 
  kind of , but we must n't forget that that there will always be change . 
  newer generations always have added new things to our cultural heritage and we too will shape the identity of the next . 
  how ever this takes a lot of time and language is n't an exception . 
  i can still read text from 500 years ago , it takes a bit of effort , but it got handed down this far . 
  but smaller dialect will indeed be left on the side of the road of history , language is far too utilitarian for it to stay the same for millennia . 
  how ever , i do think it will slow down actually . 
  these days we do speak the same language as our scientists and leaders , which was n't always normal . 
  the roman emperors spoke greek , then latin has long been the lingua franca for scientists and leadership , some time later monarchs and scientists started speaking french . 
  but yes , some things will always get lost . 
  i 've never been so optimistic . 
  we are the biggest economy in the eu , we do invest in science and technology , we export massive amounts because [ made in germany ] is apparently still very popular . 
  we also take pretty good care of our people . 
  foreign countries apparently also think we are pretty okay . 
  we do have problems like everyone else - i think the woman-quota is nonsense and discriminates against males and there needs to be more support for people who are in the middle of getting their shit together .
