  that 's some serious stuff . 
  i really enjoyed that match , great play by both teams !, 
  i am glad that nigeria goes forward , they deserve it  . 
  i can not imagine under how much pressure both teams were at the penalties . 
  hell , even i was so nervous on my couch . 
  congratulations to brasil . 
  wow , what a game . 
  did n't really expect a finish like that . 
  thank you , you are awesome !, 
  i love you < 3 , 
  done  . 
  i 'm looking forward to this match !, 
  supporting my fellow europeans tonight  !, 
  wow , i really did n't expect that . 
  that match was almost painful to watch for me . 
  this song is great !, 
   best one they 've done in my opinion :d, 
  yes please , i do , 
  : people who comment should also upvote this thread !, 
  do n't be selfish !, 
  come on deutschland !, 
  you have my full support !!, 
  i 'm expecting a great game :d, 
  i am rooting for germany !, 
  as much as i like argentina , germany deserves it far more . 
  we have seen so many unexpected events in this world cup , but this time i 'm sure germany will won :d, 
  i expected a great game and i got one !, 
  congratulations to germany !, 
  we kinda got our own version of `` icing on the cake '' . 
  we say `` pika na i '' , which means `` the dot on the i '' . 
  me and my friends used to play it a lot :d . 
  you 're goddamn right . 
  hello !, 
  you 've probably already seen the website of ministry of the interior , but in case you did n't [ here ] ( http://www.mnz.gov.si/en/services/slovenia_your_new_country/citizenship/ ) it is . 
  there are also some word documents pledged that relate to acquiring citizenship based on your origin . 
  you should also contact them and the easiest way doing so is trough their email address , which can be found [ here ] ( http://www.mnz.gov.si/en/about_the_ministry/ ) . 
  i hope that helps a little  . 
  edit : you can also contact the us embassy based in ljubljana if you have any other questions . 
  [ here ] ( http://slovenia.usembassy.gov ) it is !, 
  yes , try it !, 
  a slovenian citizenship can only bring benefits if you 're ever going to be in europe for a longer period of time . 
  even in north korea there is n't as much censorship as here on this subreddit at the moment . 
  i 'm so happy and proud of my home team !, 
  it 's just early in the morning , but everybody is talking about the game already . 
  en klub . 
  this title is what most of us know as a click bait . 
  over-dramatized , out of real context with the massage itself and what bugs me most of all - this is n't made by some sketchy news website to get more clicks and to get moneyz but reddit itself . 
  hey guys !, 
  i 'm a big fan . 
  here 's my question : what would you be doing for a living , if you were n't in a rock band ? 
  i know , this match was great compared to the one that took place in london . 
  happy birthday !, 
  hey norman , i 'm a big fan of you and twd !, 
  i was wondering , if you miss the actors that die on the show , and if they are still in touch with you and others ? 
  there is a new bar that opened not so long ago on top of a former hotel ( slavija ) . 
  i was there for the first time two days ago and it is actually pretty sweet up there . 
  the view is great , especially at sundown . 
  http://www.luftbar.si check here for location , 
  this is a great charity , i really like what they are doing and how they do it !, 
   most of them thought we do n't have runing water , that we dress like their parents in old photos from 1910 . 
  my neighbor has actually lived in canada for about 20 years  i hope i can visit some day . 
  can not stop dancing :p , like it a lot !, 
  well shit . 
  yeeeeeees !, 
  fellaini goooooaaaal !!, 
  thank you , that was beautiful !, 
  yeeeeees !, 
  that is awesome !, 
  juan mataaaaaaa !, 
  good news !, 
  pa to je to :d !, 
  yeah i 've got the same problem . 
  audio stopped working this morning for no reason . 
  this is amazing !, 
  great move that most certainly saved the game . 
  happy birthday !, 
  yesterday was amazing !, 
  i laughed trough the whole thing like a maniac . 
  let 's repeat that today , shall we  ? 
  they are already hitting top of the charts !, 
  first of all - happy new year !, 
  i 'm living in maribor since i was born and right now i am also attending college at university of maribor . 
  if you have any questions about the place feel free to pm me . 
  and if it happens that you come to study here i 'll gladly pay for a beer or two  . 
  slovenia is overall one of the safest and peaceful countries in the world and maribor is no exception . 
  goooooooooooooooooooooal !, 
  yes !!!, 
  let 's go get more boys !!, 
  hi there !, 
  i 'm from maribor and also attending university right now , so if you have any questions about the place you can pm me anytime !, 
   when meeting people just be polite , a handshake makes a good impression , especially if it 's formal . 
  the city itself is very safe ; i 've been walking around the city since the beginning of time in sunlight and at night never having any problems whatsoever - no mugging , no trouble . 
  no fights etc. 
  but you never know , so having a friend or two at night alongside can not be redundant . 
  hello from slovenia !, 
  where do you see the european union in the next lets say 10 years ? 
  do you expect any major changes ? 
  thanks for those links , i had a great small listening session :d !, 
  http://vocaroo.com/i/s0wol47kozuf here you go !, 
  lets hope for a good match  .
