wow . 
  it seems that my favorite youtubers , the yogscast , are getting into some crappy drama . 
  and about tinmans ' money stealing : you should contact the police . 
  i mean 18,000 $ is not a small amount of money . 
  haha !, 
  i love this !, 
  it 's awesome !, 
  battlefield 4 dlc, 
  so scary !, 
  i tought steam was better than this . 
  i love this song !, 
  finnaly something new and fresh . 
  different from mainstream stuff  . 
  haha !, 
  i really had a laugh with this spoof !, 
  great work , 
  yes , it will be 100 % free , 
  we are not official members of musebootlegs , but mbl is the best place to release a homemade `` dvd '' . 
  i 'm sorry if we gave you false hope , but we have so much fun editing the footage . 
  thank you !, 
  i was a little sceptic at first , but now i absolutely love it !, 
  my favorite songs are panic station , unsustainable , explorers and animals . 
  if the comments have been disabled becouse of the trolls ... in that case they 've won . 
  but yes , the comment section was rather annoying with all the spamming and trolling . 
  that is a great track !, 
  better than the original  . 
  lewis and his high pitched laugh is like the best thing . 
  ever :p . 
  love it !, 
  i like yognews , something funny and fresh from the yogscast  . 
  oh and the `` no comment '' part was hilarious :d, 
  gret song , it 's so cacthy xd, 
  i watched the 2009 vma and suddenly muse was rocking the stage with uprising . 
  this is great !, 
  nice job , you just got a new subscriber !, 
  i really like the music !, 
  it feels like la noire for me , 
  i have scoliosis as well . 
  i am 17 years old , my spine is curved about 66 \u00b0 in total , but l luckily do not have any pain yet . 
  i have a brace and am going on a catherine scroth therapy . 
  you should look that up , basically it `` repairs '' your spine without surgery as good as it can . 
  and it helps with pain also . 
  anyway , i 'm glad you are ok and i wish you all the best !, 
  do you have your own private law enforcement vehicle ? 
  amazing series , i loved every part of it !, 
  hope to see more stuff like this  . 
  i drove about 3 hours to see them at vienna . 
  great show !, 
  have you considered making your app availible in europe in the future ? 
  great work , i love it !, 
  pa to je to !, 
  get well soon !, 
  take as much time as you need . 
  yes , but some people do not want to have the game spoiled . 
  oh my god , i love this episode :d !, 
  i would go with amis . 
  they are very reliable . 
  great episode , ca n't wait for part two  . 
  i love playing plug in baby . 
  koc and uprising . 
  my town maribor ( in slovenia ) has the oldest vineyard in the world . 
  i think it 's about 450 years old and they still make wine out of it . 
  this is amazing so far , i ca n't wait for more . 
  happy birthday , you are awesome !, 
  if you could do a video with other youtuber/youtubers , who would that be ? 
  i loved him as an actor , this is terrible :( . 
  december is better with the yogscast !, 
  i saw them for the first time during the 2nd law tour and it was amazing !, 
  best concert i 've ever gone to !, 
  turpster , you are awesome !, 
  ca n't wait to see more . 
  i really feel sorry for him and respect his decision , but there is something else also on my mind . 
  who the hell goes out and buys a new iphone just becouse it has flappy bird installed on it ? 
  that moment was really amazing and something that you do n't see every day at the olympics  . 
  i hope peter prevc gets a medal today !, 
   good luck to all !, 
  yep , down in slovenia as well . 
  i bought minecraft and a couple of games that were feautured on simon 's let 's plays . 
  like a lot of people have pointed this out already - reddit is an american website . 
  it was founded in america and therefore they probably started promoting it there the most . 
  me and my schoolmates were wathcing the match live in school ... an awesome day so far :d, 
  it will be interesting when we come to the water city or however it 's called again . 
  with all this drama going on , we could easily make our own season of pokemon with a brand new plot !, 
  that was unexpected . 
  i like it :p flower power !, 
  thank you guys for this incredible experience , we did it  !, 
  i love you all < 3 !, 
  i loved this series from the start to the very end . 
  great story , great characters and great play !, 
  let 's hope season 2 does not dissapoint  . 
  people complaining about why we 're not putting this money to a charity do not understand the point of this . 
  the thing is that publicity for dogecoin would greatly increase interest in this crypto-currency , resulting in gaining popularity and new users . 
  and new users mean that there are more people to spend money on charities and reaching the goal faster  . 
  congratulations on your engagedement !, 
  a doge nascar is becoming a reality !, 
  i agree !, 
  this community has been amazing so far !, 
  :d i love all of you here < 3 . 
  to the moon !, 
  i just made a wallet a couple of days ago , so i only donated about 20 dogecoins i got from the faucets , but hey , it 's something  .
