  this is great !, 
  ca n't wait to see the car in its final form . 
  + accept, 
  thank you , you are awesome  < 3 !, 
  you are awesome :d !, 
  if this is realy not an april fools ... bring it on :d . 
  i hope you enjoy !, 
  thanks :d !, 
  i 'm donating majority of them to the guys trying to promote dogecoin at nyctechday . 
  wow , that is nice of you , 
  + accept, 
  i found out about dogecoin in the bitcoin subbredit . 
  one week , there were a lot of posts and pictures bashing dogecoin . 
  you know , like , it 's bad , just a thing to play with , nothing serious , for people who could n't affor being involved in bitcoin etc. 
  so i checked it out and subbed to / r/dogecoin out of curiosity . 
  the community was so great !, 
  everyone was happy and nice to each other . 
  completely diffrerent from what i experienced so far . 
  i love you guys !, 
  this is great !, 
  i remember you posting the picture here a few weeks ago . 
  this music video is really well made and josh is so awesome :d !, 
  this is true , at least from my point of view . 
  i own an android phone for about 2 years now and in that time i only had like 2-3 games installed for a longer period of time ( that i enjoyed playing ) . 
  i understand if a game has ads enabled and that is fine with me ( as long as they are not extremly annoying ) , but if a game spams literally every 2 minutes about bonuses you can get ... that just ruins the experience :( . 
  i agree with you !, 
  sometimes i feel like some people would just like to grab all doge for themselves , but i refuse to believe that since we are all a giant crypto family  . 
  happy birthday !, 
  + / u/dogetipbot de2upzynstnubyxr8ummphgtbseyhivxmb 100 doge verify, 
  i love watchins your irl challenges :d !, 
  they are really well made and i always laugh like a maniac watching them . 
  what was the weirdest thing that happened to you ? 
  this is great !, 
  i 'll share this with my friends . 
  happy birthday !, 
  this song fits the commercial perfectly !, 
  wow , this is awesome !, 
  it 's amazing how far we 've come  . 
  and now it is even more addicting to upvote every single post :p . 
  i found dogecoin trough bitcoin . 
  i was curious about how bitcoin worked and i learned that bitcoin is not the only internet cash . 
  i found dogecoin in a thread that was bashing it ( people were like : it 's just a joke , it 's for people who can not afford btc etc. ) . 
  i checked this subbreddit . 
  i am here now . 
  this is the saddest news i 've ever experienced on this subbredit . 
  what / u/moolah _ is mentioning regarding the behaviour of some `` important '' people here - that is elitism . 
  they think they are in charge , although this is a decantralized currency . 
  this behaviour can damage existant reputation of this community . 
  nice stickers , 
  this is my first nascar race !, 
  this is so awesome !, 
  i just want to say that you are awesome josh !, 
  i voted again !, 
  lets go to the moooooooon !, 
  * arctic monkeys, 
  * muse, 
  * billy talent, 
  * foo fighters, 
  * queens of the stone age, 
  * the killers, 
  * imagine dragons, 
  * everything everything, 
  and so on , 
  let 's vote shibes !, 
  i 'm voting like a madman , although i have to study  . 
  vote josh !, 
  you got my dogecoins , 
  let 's get to the moon guys !, 
  wow ... and i just switched dogevault with moolah a few days ago . 
  i guess i had luck this time . 
  i little bit on moolah and my phone but the majority of my coins are on my pc . 
  after so much voting , this is a really great feeling !, 
  i am so happy for us and josh !!, 
  he is the man :d, 
  hey josh , as for someone who has never watched nascar before , you made a really great impact on me . 
   p.s. 
  : does anyone know here i can watch re-run of the race online ? 
  thank you for being awesome !, 
  violin ar a piano . 
  i do n't know why , but they both seem so feminine . 
  when a girl plays it , it looks to me like they gently create the sound and `` care '' about it . 
  great picture portraing the current situation of dogecoin . 
  you ca n't learn how to get up , if you do n't fall down . 
  there are many obstacles on the path that we need to face together as a community . 
  i hope i 'm not to late for this  . 
  you can count me in if you still need some people on board !, 
  good luck to both teams  !, 
  a lot of people here have already expressed their own opinion about this new feature on the site ; they do n't like it . 
  i 'm one of them too . 
  despite that one goal in the last minutes , iran 's defense and haghighi did a very good job in my opinion . 
  but football is football , 
  i was rooting for iran !, 
  their defensive play was great ( haghigi did a good job as a goalkeeper too ) . 
  meeting messi on many levels !, 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ had ^ ^ ^ to, 
  i really enjoyed the match , especially the second half . 
  was rooting for ghana all the way !, 
  that bite that suarez made is really not in the spirit of football . 
  and ref should not had given a red one ; italy was kinda robbed there in my opinion . 
  he should at least be fined for the time of the world cup if not even longer .
