  prepare yourselves because there 'll be more . 
  goulash , by default , is a soup so all good there . 
  and deer goulash sounds amazing . 
  you can make it from any meat really ( although the authentic is beef ) . 
  we have the same problem actually and for this exact reason , the government has started a program where they will still pay the unemployment benefit for a while to people who take jobs instead . 
  well , what would you have the eu do ? 
  it 's really not europe 's responsibility . 
  it was n't 15 years ago and it is n't now . 
  it 's actually more of concern that a blooming islamo-fascist dictatorship is blooming next to us rather than anything else . 
  it happened because the us has been doing this to eastern europe , and with trump there we have no reason whatsoever to swallow it anymore . 
  did you ever think the us and the eu were bffs ? 
  it 's a populist-nationalistic retoric . 
  they know very well ot 's not goung to happen but they need to play this card to appease the real nutjobs in the far-right . 
  that 's just disgusting ... 
  i googled goulash and that picture is actually from a gastro-blog . 
  and goulash is a soup . 
  it 's called populism . 
  the idiots who actually claim those lands are a minority , even g\u00e1bor vona ( leader of jobbik ) said last year in an interview that it 's not viable to just think about it but he , as a hungarian , can not give up the idea . 
  what ? 
  voting for le pen means sweeping up the shit ? 
  i actually meant get rid of her . 
  you keep trying to tell people what to do in this thread . 
  i mean , who do you think you 're ? 
  you want to get a politician fired because he said something stupid and you want eastern europe out of the eu because we do n't vote . 
  mate , look around at home and sweep up the shit there first and after that you still ca n't tell me what to do . 
  no , i think that 's very far away from having gdps tied to it . 
  bollocks . 
  there are n't that many american tourists to have an impact on europe . 
  lot 's of people have no idea about the world . 
  i know people who were teenagers in the '90s and they still think about the us as some kind of utopia where you can anything you want . 
  this used to be a common opinion of people who were young when the iron curtain fell . 
  so why is it that whenever i get into an argument with an american they say `` europeans '' ? 
  it 's really not that simple . 
  there 's no conscription anymore ... 
  the health requirements are the same . 
  that 's all . 
  the physical part comes from the training . 
  you do n't only draft people who are ripped or top athletes . 
  in the last years of conscription in hungary , there was a lot people dodging it on the bases they were not fit for it . 
  so they introduced a rule that whoever was n't healthy to be drafted also could n't get a driving licence because the requirements were the same . 
  that 's a tough one . 
  i 'd say it 's a tie . 
  they live here and learnt some basics . 
  i can have a conversation with them about the weather or food but not much else . 
  ` break up alliance ' is very handy too . 
  i mean , the audi tts and the all the mercedes cars are not exactly cheap either and they 're being manufactured here . 
  yes , i can . 
  i know several americans and brits who live here and speak some hungarian . 
  americans tend to over-articulate while brits are the exact opposite and they sometimes drop the ` r ' sounds . 
  nah , in the new patches they do a lot more . 
  we 're totally crazy for schnitzel . 
  even goulash is n't as popular . 
  we have that too . 
  so bmw , come here , please !, 
  the single best thing you gave us during your reign . 
  i could live on it for the rest of my life . 
  yeah , that 's just crazy . 
  why would anyone even do that ? 
  [ no sauce in hungary either . 
  ] ( https://www.google.hu/search?q=r%c3%a1ntotth%c3%bas&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=913&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewim2dux4blsahubhswkhtnzayuq_auibigb ), 
   tunke so , that 's a thing . 
  in hungarian * tunkol * means dipping in the sauce . 
  hey !, 
  and hungary too . 
  we already have audi and mercedes . 
  we have the infrastructure and the suppliers in place . 
  that is a terrible web page , only comparable to the abomination that was geocities . 
  i never saw a supermarket , just the small to medium grocery stores . 
  but i loved them . 
  there was one very close to where we lived and i was actually sad when they closed it . 
  i knew the cashier ladies , who for some mysterious reason were all old , fat and grumpy . 
  our wrongs do n't make yours right . 
   julius meinl awww , man !, 
  you just sent me down memory lane for a nostalgic trip into my childhood . 
  i remember buying coffee in the julius meinl shops with my mother and they had these electric grinders by the exit where we would grind it and i just loved the fresh coffee smell . 
  we have that in hungary too but it 's not the same as marriage . 
  well , the laws are changing . 
  do n't like it ? 
  your problem . 
  come on , mate !, 
  this is not even funny anymore . 
  you 're making a fool a of yourself . 
  see , this is why people do n't even listen to you . 
  whose the narrow minded now ? 
  nice stawman argument you got there but i 'm not falling for it . 
  and i 'm saying i do n't care . 
  i do n't want people running around with semi-autos . 
  also , bold font wo n't make your opinion anymore legitimate . 
  how is it different ? 
  laws change all the time . 
  and you 're defending weapons capable of killing dozens of people in a short time . 
  well , you 're the one defending your guns against literally anything . 
  i guess that 's not limited . 
   you guys are quite hilarious at how limited your views are . 
  or maybe they 're just , you know , different than yours . 
  two years ago our train stations in budapest were choke full of refugees . 
  there were so many , you could n't walk through them . 
  they left after merkel 's ( in ) famous speech but the stream only stopped after the fence was built . 
  and even after that , the croatians were dumping them on the border . 
  we were part of a main route from the middle east .
