this is exactly why i 've been slowly drifting to the right for the past couple of years . 
  edit : grammar, 
  what do you mean by fuck up ? 
  because a nuclear blast can not happen in a power plant . 
  it is impossible . 
  are you not ? 
  your most popular sport has an average playtime of 11 minutes out of 2 hours . 
  that 's a business model , not a culture . 
  people like to shit on american culture ( myself included ) but some very great works have come out of it . 
  it does in the head of an avarage american . 
  it 's not but i started to learn it when i was 7 . 
  and while i admit it has been very helpful in my life ( both professional and private ) , and i love the fact that i 'm fluent in it , i 'm not a big fan of the language . 
  now you 're just arguing for the sake of arguing . 
  they are not . 
  paying taxes is widespread . 
  is it popular ? 
  it 's useful because it 's widespread . 
  and it 's widespread because of the british empire and it has nothing to do with it 's popularity . 
  i do n't know one non-native who actually likes it . 
  it 's the stupidest language i have had the misfortune to learn . 
  no logic whatsoever in the pronounciation . 
  a quarter of germanic , french , latin and others . 
  grammar depends on the country and city you 're in . 
  and so on . 
  so , what you 're saying is , they learn it because it 's * useful * . 
  this has nothing to do with popularity . 
  people do n't learn languages because they 're popular . 
  by adopting it as an official language of the eu . 
  just an interesting tidbit : honey can not go wrong . 
  it never expires . 
  yes , because we 've been so successful at that . 
  it also does n't do anything at all . 
  i 'd assume my dick is cleaner than my hands given that he is packed up nice and cozy in my pants . 
  unlike my hands . 
  countries in the eu are legally obliged to join schengen . 
  it 's one of the basis of the eu , the free movement of people and things . 
  you keep making snarky and witty comments . 
  or at least comments that you believe to be snarky and witty . 
  they are not . 
  you ca n't be mature enough to discuss a topic like this without that , then i see no reason to continue talking to you . 
  but here 's a food for thought about geopolitics that you dismissed so easily : geopolitics started ww1 and ww2 . 
  geopolitics divided europe into east and west for almost 50 years . 
  so you dismissing it with your naive attitude , does n't make it any less true or relevant . 
  think about this for a little . 
   no , it was n't . 
  it 's just a claim that an oral promise was made in freaking a claim from a us functionary . 
  i 'll take his word over a random redditor if you do n't mind . 
   1990 , when soviet union had n't even collapsed . 
  hence me saying the fall of the iron curtain . 
   if they were serious about this , they 'd definitely would have made at least a formal agreement . 
  there 's no such thing , however . 
  they would n't have made any agreement in the middle of the collapse . 
  that makes no sense . 
  but even later , in the mid '90s when it was already obvious that nato would be enlarged , they promised the russians that they , at the very least , would be advised about it . 
   you mean ukraine itself started to seek closer ties with the west ? 
  do n't you remember orange revolution in 2004 , for example ? 
  i mean that , yes . 
  do you honestly think , it just happened out of nowhere ? 
  the ukraine did n't think about any of that for over 20 years then suddenly the people changed their mind ? 
   oh look , such innocent and friendly country . 
  even though already having the world 's vastest territories , they `` only '' want an additional column of nations to act as puppets for their interests . 
  do n't put words in my mouth and better forget the snarky comments too , if you want to have an intelligent conversation . 
  i 'm no bigger fan of russia than you but this has nothing to do with our emotions . 
  this is geopolitics and you better be rational about it . 
   coming from such a potential `` buffer '' country , i can never recognize any such rights to even the slightest extent for russia . 
  they have no special rights , not even to the slightest extent , over their neighbours . 
  i 'm coming from a buffer country too . 
  but just like i said above , our emotions have no effect on these things whatsoever . 
   you mean europe was basically split between world powers , an iron curtain was on , and half of europe was under communist dictatorship . 
  it worked ? 
  it was one of the most damaging eras for europe and absolutely against european interests . 
  europe should never allow to carve itself up between other foreign powers . 
  europe has been carved up since the fall of the roman empire ( arguably even during that ) . 
  if we want to end this , we need to work on the eu project . 
  this is geopolitics , mate . 
  do you think the eu leaders give a damn about your country ? 
  if they did , our military would be all over the place . 
  the sanctions do very little and they knew that very well when they introduced them . 
  exactly . 
  see my reply to another user . 
  the protests were absolutely not the cause . 
  that 's part of the causation . 
  it started in the '90s , actually . 
  after the fall of the iron curtain , russia was promised that nato would never expand eastward . 
  not only was this a lie but the us also started to plant various assets in eastern european territory . 
  and russia remained silent . 
  then the eu and nato started to draw the ukraine into their sphere of influence and the russians did what they thought was a solution to this problem . 
  if you look through history , thy never wanted anything else than a buffer zone between them and the west . 
  that 's why , after ww2 , they never annexed poland , czechoslovakia and hungary . 
  that 's why belorussia exists and why they were content with the ukraine . 
  this was a status quo that , while was far to be perfect , worked . 
  the annexation of crimea and the mess in dombass are bith direct results of american meddling in european affairs and blatant lying to the russians . 
  it 's not exusable but perfectly understandable . 
  edit : we are also perfectly capable of defend ourselves against the russians , we do n't need the usfor that . 
  the eu has a clause that is the exact same as nato article 5 . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't see what are the actual benefits of nato for europe at this point in time . 
  because it 's not to deter russia , that 's for sure . 
  the us keeps putting military assets all over eastern europe which the russians see as a threat and use as a preface to make a counter move . 
  and in hungary too . 
  if you 're ever in budapest , just hop on the no .
