  5 suburban rail ( h5 line ) and you 'll see some beautiful works . 
  that 's exactly how he says it . 
  and that comment was a joke about it . 
  you must be new here . 
  check out ` hydraulic press channel ' on youtube . 
  how do you figure that ? 
  which is still not the same . 
  you can watch videos of it on youtube in full hd . 
  why ? 
  your money , while very much appriciated , does n't give you the right to tell us what to do . 
  well , your railways are in european hands , we can use that money to help the scottish start their independent country . 
  plus it 'd have the added benefit of pissing off the brits . 
  read a little about the fake rape reports in the us . 
  it 's widespread . 
  in spain ? 
  last i heard they have a few newly built but completely empty ghost towns . 
  the video . 
  the british government pays for it because they 're in the eu and that 's the law . 
  this will , however , stop being the case after brexit . 
  right . 
  but then women should do the same jobs for the same payment , not just blue - and white collar jobs . 
  that 's why they were there , mate . 
  you want to observe an active volcano , you have go there . 
  ca n't do that on reddit . 
   a ridiculous notion to say the least since the us has not annexed territory since we bought alaska from russia . 
  i 'll take `` what is hawaii ? '', 
  for 1,000 . 
  it 's about kebab removal . 
  no ammount of mana and opinion hit are too much . 
  am i allowed to laugh at this ? 
  i laughed a little . 
  i wish i lived in more enlightened times !, 
  there is no such thing as too much eu4 and you have just got a -3 diplo rep. modifier for saying that . 
  i 've seen this picture posted on reddit with all scandinavian countries and even finland . 
  so , what 's the truth ? 
  neither was finland in 1906 . 
  and many have understood it perfectly . 
  so , let 's say it 's controversial . 
  on a side note : we have romanian speakers in hungary too . 
  it 's not listed under indo-european . 
  the flags represent countries where the languages are spoken . 
  the flags represent the countries where the languages directly above them are spoken . 
  so , in this case , swedish language ( which is germanic ) is spoken in finland and sweden . 
  go ahead , mate !, 
  do you think we were admitted into the union because of `` solidarity '' ? 
  and the uk is leaving because of that ? 
  what world do you live in ? 
  this is exactly the type of arrogance that make us turn to the far-right . 
  calling people tinfoil hat is so 2015 . 
  also , check my other comments . 
  if you do n't believe me , you might believe frontex . 
  or do you think they 're in the conspiracy theory business ? 
  so , you 're not willing to engage in an argument with me because it 's a waste of time . 
  yet you took your time to write two comments in which you did nothing but insulted me . 
  again , whose pride is blinding whom ? 
  if you ca n't even be bothered to make a normal argument , only a one liner , then whose pride blinding whom ? 
  the simple fact that they 're allowed to operate is not enough for you ? 
  they are braking the law by acting like people smugglers . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/3e6b6450-c1f7-11e6-9bca-2b93a6856354 it 's behind a paywall , so open it in incognito . 
  what problem are you solving , exactly ? 
  you 're just trying to shove down something on our throat without even pretending to listen to us . 
  not to mention that it ` swestern ngos that are transferring people en masse from the shores of lybia and dumping them in italy . 
  we already pay almost the same price for most of the stuff , sometimes even for a worse quality . 
  and many things are manufactured here because of tge lower costs . 
  moving a manufacturing plant takes about a decade , so good luck with that . 
  maybe it 's time western europe realized that we 're not their punching bags . 
  and maybe , just maybe , we can have our own opinion . 
  this might come as a surprise but not everything they decide in germany is a universal truth . 
  we are alread on our own regarding refugees . 
  in case you have n't noticed , that 's what this is about . 
  [ and for the whole world . 
  ] ( https://publicholidays.global/ ), 
  it 's a quote . 
  you were n't looking hard enough then . 
  the evidences are all over the place , apart from the slovakian inspection that started this , the hungarian food safety bureau has been saying this for the past 2 years . 
  a few of the more well-known stuffs that are in it : milka , mon cheri , raffaello , nutella , monster , coca-cola , knorr , rio mare and many more . 
  and this is not about different tastes . 
  they tested these things in a laboratory . 
  that 's exactly the type of message ( or the lack thereof ) they 're looking for . 
  illegal immigration can have numerous various forms . 
  the people who risk their lives on the mediterranean are the poorest of them . 
  those who can afford it will pay for citizens to marry them and thus aquiring citizenship this way . 
  they invade your privacy to make sure , you 're not one of them . 
  you can forge anything , really . 
  they sometimes turn up at your door unannounced go in your house , look around . 
  they ask extremely personal questions . 
  a skype log is not a big jump from there . 
  it 's just that people for some strange reasons associate the internet with anonymity . 
  it 's pretty normal , actually . 
  they do similar things in many countries . 
  the underlying narrative is that some kind of governing world-elite is blocking the reunification of hungarian majority areas . 
  which is perfectly in line with the meaning of the word . 
  after decades of bullying . 
  and do n't kid yourself . 
  we 're not the bad guys . 
  yeah , this is not a history lesson . 
  it 's about here and now . 
  feels bad , does n't it ? 
  there 's finally a political entity that can and will stand up against the us after decades of bullying . 
  you 're finally not able to tell europe what to do .
