  essentially as far as i see stringent patriotism only ever breeds hate and causes one to accept bad things the government , or anyone , does under the excuse of ` it 's for x country ' . 
  e.g the ` take back control ' bs during the brexit campaign or trumps ` make america great again ' speil . 
  both statements are very simply rhetoric garbage but a lot of people buy it because they have delusions over what their country is or do n't want to be seen being anti-patriotic . 
  i realise this is a controversial viewpoint but its what i think . 
  these are going to be downvoted since everyone now has some hard on for patriotism and defending le sovereignty but i totally agree . 
  integrate on , eu, 
  lmao this is so wrong it hurts . 
  the suns 's 10 ways to say ` up yours ' to the eu are beyond a joke   restore our once-proud fishing industry , scrapping tough eu quotas . 
   theres a reason these quotas exist , and its not just to screw the uk . 
   reclaim countryside from turbines and solar panels , built to meet eu targets . 
  just fucking stupid thing to suggest and even stupider to balme the eu for . 
   have cleaner carpets by swapping weak , eu-regulated vacuums for powerful ones . 
  i have no words . 
  like i know the sun is shite but i actually had to check this was an article actually by them and not an onion parody site or something . 
  that people actually buy this bs and think they are saving our country in doing it really makes me sad , maybe you 're better off without us eu . 
  shhhh , we 've had enough of the experts !, 
  give me confirmation bias not facts !, 
  no see i was wrong on purpose because i was pretending to be american . 
  also the usa is pretty much famous here and in europe for being very liberal with their lawsuits and suing for very minor offences , which while the laws may be stricter on here people dont have an itchy lawyer hotline finger . 
  lmao at least its only them . 
  us politicians fuck the whole country and get away with it, 
   and you wo n't end up in jail if you do n't break the law uhm yes that the idea . 
  only in america if you 're rich you wo n't end up in jail no matter what haha !, 
  where i would have a much nicer time than if i were thrown in a third world level for profit prison in america . 
  oh and also have some space to move around because we do n't have a dictatorship like incarceration rate, 
  that 's offensive slander , if i was an american i would sue you for that . 
  no problem , right after i 've picked up my free diabetes medicine, 
  lmao good . 
  you can leave with the uk , the eu needs to clean out these whiny bitch members . 
  ah , so the eu is n't totally beholden to the whims of the private sector like they are used to in america and he 's throwing a fit . 
  indeed . 
  but now for a lot of people there is . 
  [ hmm yes generally ok ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pig_war_ ( 1906 % e2 % 80 % 9308 ) britain were the biggest colonist , i am not . 
  i do n't like nationalism or patriotism is my entire point . 
  what does colonialism have to do with any of this ? 
  yes the serbs were bigs fans of the archduke 's too, 
  uh , hungary , most of the balkans , czechs . 
  you could maybe thrown in the levant for crusades ans stuff, 
  so the only thing you are ever happy about is when scotland succeeds ? 
  uhm yes a lot of people celebrated portugal 's victory what are you trying to say ? 
  even the uk competes in many sports as its constituent countries , do you get salty if ni beats england at football ? 
  ah yes they were all part of a large conglomorate of states that took away sovereignty . 
  hmmm who led that conglomeration hmmm ohh yes autria . 
  you also had a few failed stints with proper empires after that . 
  you dont want the eu to expand for fear of losing your ancestry , and past heroes yet most of your past heroes were all over that . 
  so its okay when other country 's cultures are erased but not austrias ? 
  people who do n't know what wales is probably think autria is australia . 
  most people know about wales lmao . 
  well do n't the immigrants themselves become the natives after that long ? 
  just complete nationalistic garbage . 
  yes of course a tweet highlighting the overall olympic success of europe and congratulating the athletes is ` exploiting ' the british competitiors and ` piggybacking ' on their success . 
  glad to see the evidence for all the outrage is a couple tweets and a quote from ukip , thorough work lads . 
  as far as ive seen infulx of foreigners fuels nationalism , it does n't dilute it, 
  so are you in favour of styria and tyrol being separate states ? 
  so they can have their own flags and heroes to be nationalistic about ? 
  probably shitpost online a lot, 
  ah yes just like how nobody knows that scotland exists and how all their culture , flags and history have been taken away . 
  you can count me in there too . 
  definitely the vast vast minority though . 
  [ in varietate concordia ] ( https://youtu.be/xfx8s9aagvw ), 
  i 'm not particularly for or against the guy but good lord this is corbyn hate gone off the scale . 
  what if just happens to be that the guy is an anti war socialist ? 
  can he be that without being a fucking russian plant . 
  at least he says what he believes for good or ill from most politicians what they say is rhetoric garbage that means nothing at all . 
  absolutely lethal . 
  yeah !, 
  with a * strong government * , we just have to stick to the * long term economic plan * to deliver real results for * hard working british families * and * reducing the deficit * while were at it . 
  do n't fall for this rhetoric bs . 
  man , its almost too cool to be true . 
  imagine it being sold off to some bank as an office ew . 
  i know , it sucks . 
  we need to evolve or die imo as it is now china and the usa will only go from strength to strength while we slowly are pushed to the side . 
  people desperate to save their culture is what will cause them to lose it . 
  so what ? 
  the eu breaks down due to people worried about their ` sovereignty ' and were left back at square fucking 1 , a load of disconnected xenophobic nations , for the entire continent ? 
  great . 
  why is everyone scared of a political union , or even just the thought of one . 
  i agree right now we are n't ready for the reality , but why stop dreaming . 
  the world needs another strong arm to support democracy and freedom , and europe as a broken continent is wasted potential in this regard, 
  umm , duh , with the extra # 350 million a week funding we get from leaving the eu , right ? 
  i 'm curious , why would they do this ? 
  the dude has spent 50 years building by hand a fucking cathedral . 
  maybe it never will be used , or maybe when he dies hell be a martyr , the government might finish it as a sign of godwill and perhaps the church might even endorse it as an actual chapel . 
  either way hes remembered for dedicating his life to a task that he truly believed in . 
  in 50 years he could be a sort of local legend . 
  you wont . 
  only bitter people like you will look at this and think ` wow what an asshole for working hard and finding peace in life , he must be mentally ill ', 
  this guy has achieved alone more than you ever will . 
  lmao what even are comments like this . 
  europe is much worse of because ... you * reckon * it is ? 
  the daily mail said it is ? 
  what ? 
  yes after insulting everyone in the chamber , and rubbing in their faces that he won the referendum , a master stroke of political manoeuvring no doubt, 
  yes , in ni the sinn fein party ( irish nationalists ) refuse to take up any seats they win in the house of commons . 
  exactly . 
  i hate that it seems to be assumed that no one in britain wants , or rather wanted , a closer union . 
  god you know , i 'm glad that through all the trial and tribulation that brexit has been so far , and we have n't even left yet , the mighty economies of iceland , malaysia and fucking ghana are there to make up for losing all of our biggest trading partners . 
  hey , at least we took back control and are now giving all that eu money to the nhs and we can do whatever we want with immigrants and everyone will be bending over backwards to give us trade deals right haha ? 
  ^ right ? 
  so they want to be something like scotland in the uk ?
