damn , the portugalician flag is really nice, 
  what school was this ? 
  i 'm now in the upper school of a very much catholic school owned and run by the church . 
  yet in all my years here we 've had mass maybe like twice a year and we never say prayers before class , only rarely in assembly . 
  the education quality is very high and there is much more emphasis put on stem subjects than anything religious . 
  same with anything . 
  companies are incentivised to provided the lowest quality possible product for the highest possible price . 
  fuck privtisation . 
  man thats too bad . 
  i suspected it would n't be first anymore though, 
  is n't it the largest port in the world as well ? 
  or has it been overtaken by singapore or something ? 
  this fucking guy know the score . 
  i have a semi for europe rn . 
  ** yuge teeth **, 
  yes fuck working together and cooperating . 
  lets all become fractured insulated nation states so at least we can feel good that we have ` le sovereignty ' if nothing else . 
  i do live in europe you twat, 
  yah im pretty sure the eu does n't need the uk to defend it ... 
  no we need to federalise precisely because we are n't like the usa, 
  this needs to happen . 
  absolutely , i see myslef as european first and british second . 
  honestly i 'm glad the uk left , or apparantly will , in the end all we would be for a long time is a roadblock to progress in the eu . 
  i would love for the uk to rejoin and integrate with the eu and i think we will to some extent , if this wave of populism going around currently dies down . 
  lets hope to god it does . 
  fucking yes . 
  its obvious , and imo has been obvious for a long time , that we ca n't rely on america being some sort of benevolent world superpower and moving us forward . 
  the eu needs to federalise or at least move to a common foreign policy to become a new world superpower to combat the rampant and severe problems the us has now . 
  imo either this will happen or populist nationalism and isolationism will hit europe as its hit the uk and the us and the eu game is up . 
  choose wisely, 
  nooo reeeeee i need my sovereignty, 
  when they lose the election i would n't be surprised if they all come out claiming they were ` joking ' and ` rused ' us all . 
  hm yes / r/europe is definitly more of a ghetto than / r/the _ donald or / r/politics, 
  fucking based germany , making the federal dream happen . 
  make this a thing everywhere and give the anthem latin lyrics for more power and watch federal sentiment rise . 
  yes i sure do hate having high quality ad free television, 
  yes but ireland has a real thing for nationalism due to its turbulent past that does n't really exist in britain ... yet . 
  even when its in good fun or whatever seems a little overbearing and uncomfortable to me , just my opinion . 
  good god, 
  it already is a dank af meme, 
   i think sovereignty is a very valid reason for scotland to leave , other than that there is n't much . 
  so like brexit then . 
   simulataneously shitting on hypothetical people insulting foreigners . 
  you seem to have missed the point . 
  i 'm saying its ok to makes jokes about other people , just as they can about us , im not shitting on anybody . 
   you can either condemn all such insults or none of them do n't even know what to say about this . 
  just blatantly wrong . 
  someone makes a joke about camboi fucking a pig , cool . 
  someone claims all britons are scum of the earth and must die or some such thing , not so much . 
  you see there are different kinds of ` insult ' and i will note that if you are condemning me for prostrating myself over europhilia , then it can be equally or even more so said that you are prostrating yourself over your british le sovereignty , # 350 million nhs money , ` take back control ' etc etc. 
  take that log from your own eye before you reach to take the splinter from mine . 
  so are you in favour of scotland and wales being independent then , y' know , for extra sovereignty for people to jerk over ? 
  hmmm yes brexit will definitely benefit the working class , just you wait, 
  lmao , brits call the french spineless frogs , germans krauts , spaniards lazy and much more on a daily fucking basis , expecting people just to take it and they do . 
  but a couple jokes thrown our way and we have britons triggered left right and centre . 
  so yes get over being insulted for what is pretty universally regarded as a stupid thing our country did . 
  lmao brits in this thread are soo salty . 
  it 's a fucking joke guys get over it . 
  of course they have n't , did n't you hear , well be giving all # 350 million of the eu money to the nhs anyyy day now . 
  definitely controversial , but i do n't think irish is actually that nice of a language , culture relevancy aside, 
  use, 
  join the club . 
  yep this is a big problem and exactly what happened in the uk . 
  the eu is an easy scapegoat for national politicians when things go wrong . 
  hm keyword here is federal . 
  most decision would still be made on a local level , probably to an even greater extent than in the us, 
  well i 'll give you my opinion . 
  as far as i see there is no point in the eu if federalism is not the end goal , as we grow closer and work more together for the good of everyone it is only a logical step . 
  on another note at the moment the only world superpower is the us , and the the only upcoming one is china . 
  tbh i do n't trust either of these countries to maintain global peace or work for the common good , us democracy is a farce at this point and china is an authoritarian and aggressively expansionist . 
  in europe however i see there is still a decent separation between the private and public sectors and our democracies are pretty much functional . 
  to this end a federal eu states would easily be a 3rd world superpower , to balance out the other two and push more humanitarian and environmental policies . 
  now it should be noted federalism absolutely does not mean wipe out individual cultures in favour of some monoeuropean shtick , but to take pride in the diverse history and cultures of all constituent states and to share that history and culture with each other . 
  now this is a very simplified analysis of why i 'm in favour , honestly i could write pages on it , but all in all i see it as a logical eventuality and the only true step to progression for europeans - a sort of end state for the continent . 
  isolationist nationalism only ever breed hate and slows down progress we need to get away from it . 
  i also really like the flag . 
  hm from what i 've experience the eu is pretty much less shit and corrupt than the uk . 
  and more progressive too , i ca n't think of the last time the uk government has done anything for young people . 
  lmao , try playing getting into eu4 if you want to an encyclopedia on every country that has existed in the world since 1444 and all their flags , regions sub regions and cities . 
  it 's creepy . 
  but it still can into nordic :(, 
  what an asshole, 
  hm no i think we support them because there is a large fucking paycheck for all the politicians involved . 
  did n't i just say something about entitled idiots ? 
  its going to be sooo funny when the uk leaves and becomes the sick man of europe again . 
  entitled idiots like you need a wake up call, 
  well this is certainly a valid viewpoint and worry but honestly a little melodramatic i think . 
  look at the us , there are very distinct and recognisable cultures and personalities in texas , california , new york , florida , new england and so on and these were never even ever independent nations ( with the exception of texas for a brief spell ) . 
  to say that nations that have existed for centuries and millennia would lose all their cultures and individualism under a federal europe is flimsy at best . 
  i can not see what benefit the eu might derive from eradicating local cultures , no indeed it is very much in everyone 's interest to maintain and promote the culture history and languages of eu countries in pursuit of unity through diversity . 
  on the point of smaller countries having less say on a federal level this would probably be true and is simply how it must work if we wish to respect democracy . 
  however all countries would of course be almost totally independent on most domestic issues and for great clout in a federal setting blocs of nations with similar goals can team up eg the baltic states , scandanavia , balkan states and thus take on the bigger hitter like germany and france . 
  however i would hope in an eu state most things would be done for the benefit of all of europe as it would be one nation with one unified drive . 
  no i 'd say the narrative on this sub lately is very much for the status quo and leaning slightly towards nationalism . 
  i 'm surprised this comment was popular . 
  from what i see in your comments its your harshness of tone and self-righteousness that gets you downvoted most probably . 
  also i 'm interested , being a romanian what do you see as the benefits of nationalism especially since your country is a net beneficiary of eu funds . 
  those ikea meatballs tho, 
  personally i do n't see the need for it and hardline jingoistic patriotism is wrong . 
  i agree that there is nothing wrong with taking pride in the history of your nation and the culture you see yourself as a part as , but when it becomes less just being a part of that nation and more that nation being a defining trait of you is where i think it goes a bit too far .
