  so they want to be something like scotland in the uk ? 
  um but the parliament and the president both have power ... 
  well if it makes you feel any better hes not called prime minister in reality but the president  . 
  also calm the fuck down, 
  im sure he could have gotten a suit , but choose not to, 
  je m ` attandais avec une vive anticipation . 
  fuck helping anyone who isnt me right ? 
  so collapse ? 
  yes t_d is a famously reliable and reputable source on all things , im sure a few people with eu flairs proves he , a blatant and out spoken anti european , has plenty of supporters, 
  the dup, 
  nah the yellow is a nice contrast , very stark and unique . 
  white is a little too unassuming . 
  yeah it is a very strong design, 
  that would be top level banter from the french holy shit, 
  srbja proving themselves as pro shitposters like always . 
  i was fooled until i saw your flair haha . 
  on a serious note i think it could do with something in the middle , maybe an eagles that isnt on serbias flag or some kind of roman symbol, 
  man the eu flag is so fucking good . 
  its half the reason i want federalisation haha, 
  yes . 
  tbh i dont see the point in the eu if there isnt some end goal like a semi federal europe to really compete on the global level, 
  how is that relevant ? 
   yeah , and only idiots fall for it . 
  yep already 2 posts from / r/the _ gullible on / r/all, 
  lmao its so bad . 
  yesterday : fuck lepen right wing rascist , stole money , will end eu blah blah blah today : omg she went to lebanon to meet a religious leader whom she knew would ask here to wear religious garb so she could refuse . 
  s o b r a v e. 
  yah it is but that why she went there , just so she could do this and now suddenly people forget about all the shady stuff shes done because ` so brave ', 
  what ? 
  yes of course but thats irrelevant to what im saying, 
  dont worry , the alt-right is pretty retarded too , 
   do n't worry , less than half of us think that . 
  the party in government is in favour of the state visit . 
  these retarded leftists have no power . 
  you seem pretty friendly towards the left wing in this comment . 
  the donald gets pretty mad whenever the left makes fun of them but this is ok i guess . 
  look dude if you dont mean it as an insult or whatever thats fine you do what you want to , im just sick of hypocrisy, 
  probably so she could refuse to wear a headscarf lmao, 
  when have you ever said it not intending to disparage the left wing ? 
  lol did i say it was banned ? 
  im just saying its a dumb buzzword that usually devalues what you say with needless insults, 
   i do n't particularly like le pen but good for her exactly why she did this . 
  she wasnt meeting with anyone with political power and literally just arrived so she could leave easy pr, 
  oh its working a charm . 
  all it takes is one pretty pr move with literally no meaning suddenly lepen isnt so bad, 
  what lmao ? 
  are you reading the same comment as me ? 
  alos maybe stop saying leftist like it validates all the shit you spew , becuase it usually invalidates anything you say, 
  but did she really make a point ? 
  if i am against eating fermented shark meat and i go to iceland fully expecting to be offered fermented shark meat just to refuse it am i making a point or just being a narcissistic asshole ? 
  how about to really make a point she refuses to buy clothes made in sweat shops by oppressed women or maybe not embezzling more money than these people will ever see in their lives ? 
  this kind of single issue pr bs gets these idiots elected look at the whole picture not a single nice stroke . 
  haha well see about that, 
  look dude i appreciate that and i dont dislike the us , its people or you . 
  i just hate a lot of aspects of us culture and politics thats i think europe can distinguish itself from to become a second world superpower and bring another voice to the global table rather than relying on the us to be eternally altruistic ( many aspects of your foreign policy already arent imo ), 
  enforcing your global hegemony ? 
  for all this yap the us has about patriotism and nationalism it sure does n't seem to respect that in other countries , how would you feel if china [ permanently held military bases in the us ? 
  or perhaps a case of ` you dont know how good you could have had it until you do ', 
  yes im glad all these people are really cracking out the quantitative analysis on these issues and not just pulling vapid statements and buzzwords out their asses . 
  fucking delighted lol . 
  i want absolutely none of the us ' cancerous influence in europe , well stand on our own thank you very much . 
  i dunno i still dont like an costs associated with healthcare . 
  for this the nhs is really unique i guess . 
  tough luck to anyone who needs surgery i guess . 
  the best kind, 
  norway isnt in the eu yet follows pretty much all of its laws and regulations because they make sense and facilitate trade you wingnut . 
  the eu is run by unanimity and the principal of subsidiarity so for all countries are both independent and have a large say in what laws are implemented . 
  if you want to use this wonky definition of ` independence ' then pretty much no country is independent because they all part of some alliances , unions , trade pacts etc etc. 
  no he means a small enclave inside london that is a huge banking and commerce centre . 
  maybe not for much longer mind you , but there you go . 
  scotland voted majority remain, 
  you people need to understand what an address to the commons is , it is an honour earned by tried and tested heads of state , not a political newbie elected on a wave of anti intellectualism , xenophobia and in fact didnt even win the majority of his country in an election . 
  cheeto man is only two weeks in office , he can come back maybe in 2 years . 
  no you do n't quite understand how this works . 
  giving an address to parliament as a foreign leader is an honour that is supposed to be earned after you have some experience and maybe something interesting to say , as bercrow has motioned . 
  whatever you think of trump he has not particularly proved or earned anything it his 2 weeks of office , maybe he will after some more time but at the moment not so much . 
  even this state visit is blatant pandering by our damp squib pm to suck up to daddy now that we are leaving the eu and should not have come so soon , obama waited years before he was invited . 
  besides a state visit and an adress to the commons or to the lords are two entirely separate things , the latter are entirely up to the speakers of those houses to decide on . 
  i ma afraid the us is indeed afraid yes and has been for a while , its just that this sentiment is now in the open due to president cheeto who you elected . 
  the us government has supported europe i dont deny and certainly has been a benevolent force at times , i wish it could be that way still and i would have no grievance with the us . 
  however this is n't so much the case anymore , you liked the eu when it was a useful method to extract more trade out of europe and has another ally against the ussr ( another entity that threatened us hegemony ) but when the ussr dissolved and the eu started taking on some and more aspects of a nation state it was n't so useful anymore . 
  it would be foolish to express this sentiment openly as there is no better unifier than a common enemy as i believe we are about to find out , but it was there . 
  saddam hussein was about to start trading oil in euros instead of dollars for example , and im sure i dont need to tell you how that was dealt with . 
  im not even sure what you 're trying to say about europeans somehow contributing to trumps election or how it karma for us ? 
  anyway none of this probably even matters as slow burn china will eventually surpass us both and that will be that . 
  the truth is that the us is deathly afraid of losing its global hegemony to china or the eu . 
  they cant strong arm the eu like they can smaller countries and they have openly said this , and if the eu were ever to federalise them whoosh the us is no longer top dog . 
  as for the uk we are just desperate after brexit and grasping at diplomatic straws to appear relevant , also we are probably going to became major bitches of the usa over the next few years . 
  oh , literally did not know that fair enough thanks, 
  garnish her salary ? 
  like give her more pay , why would they do that ? 
  i certainly hope so, 
  what a pleasant name for a mountain, 
  little lapdog likes pats from his master, 
  i believe this was what one might call ` sarcasm ', 
  i was just just thinking this haha either way its pretty good . 
  / r/the _ donald is over this way friendo, 
  have to agree it is pretty shite, 
  i 100 % guarantee may is going to make this country lap americas shit up and like it . 
  its depressing but we are essentially america-lite and will just do whatever trump orders .
