  hurray . 
  banter . 
  seriously , mandatory up to 18 even ? 
  back to / r/the _ donald for you, 
  like ive said i dont really think terrorists as they are now are a big threat anyway , but its all about public perception . 
  this is all true and i agree , terrorists are mostly homegrown . 
  however whats true and what 's not doesnt seem to matter anymore in politics . 
  the far right has conflated refugees with terrorism and the public has eaten it up thats it . 
  no amount of facts or figures can change the minds of scared , stupid people . 
  for instance you are more likely to die crossing the road than by a terrorist but that does n't matter it scares people and they want someone to blame . 
  to this end , even though i feel awful about it , i still feel migration need to be slowed to try to curb the growth of these far right eurosceptic parties and to get eu through this thing as whole . 
  how we can help refugees and not endanger the entire european project i dont know . 
  well the eu has generally been allowing them in to be processed and some countries , especially germany which is very important in the eu , have been allowing migrants in almost freely . 
  also there is that quota thing which was a bit of a of a joke . 
  basically the policy atm is chaos , it should change to stricter rules on who can get in . 
  tbh i was in support of taking in refugees before but now they 've made such a botch of it , we should really start to close external borders . 
  people 's fear of immigrants is starting to threaten the eu and european unity . 
  sorry that comment came off a little abrasive . 
  my point was that the actual danger of terrorism is severely hyped up . 
  i quite like portugal !, 
  so you 'd rather live in a second world country than in a country with a realistically minuscule chance ( pretty much 0 % ) of terrorism ever affecting you aside from tv and online fear mongering . 
  fine what would you propose we do to ` stop terrorism ' if nothing was considered racist . 
  results ? 
  from the country that just elected donald trump . 
  and what do you think can influence public opinion ? 
  hmm yes its only ever the left the censor things . 
  ah but they are n't . 
  us gdp : $ 17 trillion chinese gdp : $ 11 trillion not even particularly close . 
  not to mention military , level of industrialisation , gdp per capita ( chine is 83rd ) , quality of life etc etc. 
  just the fact that these gdps are measured in dollars not yuan is enough to show the us is more significant . 
  there 's also the small detail that china does n't have elections that might limit the amount of coverage on can give them in that regard . 
  and people watch it because its everywhere , this is a circular logic . 
  at the end of the day the american election simply has high exposure everywhere because of your superpower status . 
  you cant expect people not to take any interest, 
  that would mean literally not watching any news anywhere , or indeed talking to anyone or even going outside . 
  believe me buddy , i dont like it , but it was everywhere . 
  if european culture was cancer that enshrined corporations above people and sucks capitalism off hard then yes, 
  yes , and i thinks that 's fair . 
  cool . 
  ok well definitely good , i dont know i it was the advent of democracy , did n't ol nap-boi end up naming himself emperor and making his son the hereditary heir ... 
  shhhh , if dont you know you cant call racists ` racist ' or anti-semitics ` anti-semitic ' you might hurt their feelings !, 
  hey but at least we 'll have more * sovereignty * right , as long has we have our political buzzwords nothing can go wrong . 
  i propose making every individual atom a sovereign nation state , #chlorine for the chlorines etc etc, 
  could vatan come from t ` en vas but swapped around and phoneticised ? 
  but i still do n't get it , whats the point of the private sector running it if the government funds it anyway . 
  why make people pay tax and buy insurance, 
  only if its serious . 
  small issues they leave to fester and if you hv cancer or something without money you are thrown under the bus . 
  still 100 % ( theoretically , yes some people chose private ) of heath care in the uk is paid for by the government , why is their percentage spending still less ? 
  it 's called being ~ ~ smart ~ ~ an asshole ftfy, 
  i do n't get it . 
  if its private , and shit because of it , why does the government still have to fund it ? 
  do people have to pay tax for healthcare and then buy health insurance as well ? 
  whats the point . 
  nationalists are always harping on about ` le sovereignty ' , so why not just make every square metre of land an independent nation that can make their own trade deals and finally be free for max sovereignty levels !, 
  lmao, 
  complete moron detected . 
  the eu as a single country would very easily be an equal to the us . 
  and those who know that history repeats itself . 
  yeah its not like the largest war ever in history had zealous nationalism as is driving cause . 
  id have to disagree , maybe in the cold war but now , definitely a right wing thing, 
  [ paris 50 years ago ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ifyhhhp.jpg ) [ paris today ] ( https://www.cpp.edu/~international/study-abroad/img/jxmx4mqz6msnhp1fskp2tjmt.jpeg ) see i can do that too !, 
  btw whats wrong with the second picture ? 
  that there are black people in it ? 
  tell me please , what is so good about nationalism that you people all have such a hardon for it ? 
  like actual reasons not ` le globalist conspiracy ' or ` le sovereignty ' . 
  it wont , but its a symptom of a larger problem . 
  im not saying there are n't . 
  im saying you are being fooled by nationalist rhetoric and want to move the planet back 50 years . 
  unfortunately newspeak is getting these idiots way too far . 
  a sad truth . 
  people do n't want facts , figures or the truth . 
  they want someone and something to blame . 
  tell that to every war in history . 
  i am very aware that we voted brexit , and indeed i am very aware that the leave campaign was won on blatant lies ( # 350 million come to mind ? 
  ) , the bizarre idea that the vote was anti establishment and most of all xenophobia . 
  all i can hope for now is that the uks absence in the eu motivates you to move federalisation forward with us blocking the way . 
  and your right , people seem confident that they wont voted for their own trump or brexit and its this complacency we need to combat . 
  failure to engage from the left is just as responsible for these votes as the efforts of the right . 
  right wing opportunism on poeple 's xenophobia is what broke the camels back . 
  i hope one day everyone can avail of freedom of movement , its a fantastic thing and an essential ideal of europe . 
  although i see now people look forward to the day we can all be cooped up in our own countries , pledging ourselves to the national anthem every day with flags tattooed on our backs . 
  the eu is the the us , we can and will be better . 
  sorry i was speaking about the wars where people with guns and bombs are fucking murdering each other over bit of land and differences in ideals . 
  not some sociological war of the classes or some other bs . 
  [ yeah these two are definitely sticking it to the elitists from the their gold plated lift ] ( https://i.sli.mg/qbrc7p.jpg ) , true warriors of the common man if ever i 've seen it . 
  wake up and grow up . 
  ` globalist elite ' is propaganda rhetoric from this new right movement , an invisible enemy to give you someone to be angry at , just as terrorists , communists , jews etc etc have been used for this purpose in the past . 
  nationalism leads to hate and jealousy , hate and jealousy leads to all things bad in this world . 
  i 'm not saying that your country should n't be a part part of your identity , it just should n't be your entire identity . 
  true , we have you seen how few wars we 've had the past few decades ? 
  disgraceful , honestly . 
  it unfortunately probably does , you can already see a certain sub on reddit pushing her to ` uncuck ' and ` save ' europe . 
  from what exactly i do n't know . 
  people are just too easily swayed by flags , rhetoric and the primordial need to be a part of a group so nationalism will always be an issue . 
  the us can have their shit country and chauvinism , now we need to fight to save europe from it . 
  i never said that is my solution in fact i am against it, 
  yes , ideally everyone should be dedicated to helping each other and ensuring no one needlessly suffers . 
  but i guess its just easier to claim its random and some people draw the short straw , the best part is that many of them suffer at your expense , have a look at where everything you own is made . 
  they deserve a life befitting of a chicken , decent free range upbringing and if eaten , a dignified death .
