   that would be an extremely dick move . 
  not really . 
  if a region holds a referendum without seeking the cooperation of the rest of the country , why should the rest of the country support them afterwards ? 
   but i do n't get your logic here - why would a cornish person have the right to decide whether scotland should use its right to self determination or not ? 
  well ... 
  the cornish person is going to be affected by scotland 's departure just as much as a scottish person . 
  if you 're a cornish person , then scotland is part of your national identity . 
  it 's a piece of your country which you might love just as much as cornwall . 
  why is it fair for that part of your country to be stripped away from you ? 
  every part of the uk is affected by any secession . 
  not just the scots . 
  i had no idea , thanks . 
  i 'm not sure what kind of response you 're expecting ? 
  there 's nothing nice i can say to you , so i 'm just going to end the conversation here . 
  that is some low effort trolling . 
  well there has clearly been a misunderstanding . 
  well there has clearly been a misunderstanding . 
  well i think that any subdivision should be able to secede whenever it likes , but the rest of the country should be able to vote on how it will respond . 
  e.g if scotland held a unilateral vote on independence without the acceptance of westminster , the uk would block them from the un , block their use of sterling , refuse to protect them militarily , etc. 
  they would basically treat scotland like it does n't exist . 
  but if scotland held a bilateral vote , which the rest of the uk votes to acknowledge , then the uk would support an independent scotland and work with it . 
  they can leave whenever they like , but they can only leave on good terms with the uk when the rest of the uk is okay with them leaving . 
  and for an independent scotland , being on good terms with the rest of the uk would be kind of essential . 
  i do n't know if we have them nowadays , but we never had them when i went . 
  is that a singer or something ? 
  she 'll probably last until the end of brexit , because the conservative party will want her to take the poisoned chalice . 
  as for who will replace her , there are two answers . 
  her replacement as leader of the conservative party could be anyone ( because there 's no one good ) , but i hear the names of johnson , fallon and gove and hammond used a lot . 
  ruth davidson seems the best candidate but she does n't want to be . 
  her replacement for prime minister will probably be jeremy corbyn , unless he leaves or there 's a big shift in demographics , which is certainly possible . 
  at this rate , she 'll be in power until she no longer wants to be in power . 
  i do n't see a feasible competitor any time soon . 
  that would probably make sense , but it does n't tend to work that way . 
  i see ... that explains a lot . 
  based on what they were saying , i assumed they were an american , perhaps a soldier in estonia . 
  it 's hard to read opinions like those and believe they belong to a european . . 
   your order of logical thinking is incorrect . 
  context means that the us was n't / is n't so bad in the first place . 
  it absolutely does n't . 
   lol , it is very telling of your naivety or even total lack of knowledge if you think in * any other way * . 
  ` my view is correct and anyone who does n't have my view is wrong ' . 
  right . 
  because history is well known for its objectivity . 
   yes it did . 
  it protected the world from soviet expansion . 
  it did n't . 
  it 's so insulting how you 're willing to sacrifice the stability and prosperity of millions of people in order to protect your own hegemony . 
  aside from the fact that you did n't overthrow iran 's democratically elected government because the soviets were moving in . 
  you overthrew them because they promised to nationalise iran 's oil ( which was very popular with the iranian people ) and that would have cost you money . 
  there 's nothing benevolent about the us in this situation . 
   it served the us 's interests no . 
  the us 's interests are the us 's interests . 
  do n't group the rest of us with you . 
   good . 
  pax america somewhat works , you know !, 
  there 's a reason the only historians who accept the pax americana are american . 
  most of the world laughs at the idea . 
  we 're literally talking right now about how the pax americana involved undermining multiple democratic governments and killing hundreds of thousands of innocent people . 
   yes it did . 
  it protected the world from soviet expansion . 
  so those guerrilla groups helped you . 
  but the people in colombia and venezuela did n't care what helped you . 
  they just wanted to elect their own governments and become successful nations . 
  you are not so high and mighty that you can swoop in to protect people from their own democratic decisions by giving them dictators instead . 
  the way you look at anyone who is n't american is so incredibly condescending . 
  it 's borderline psychopathic . 
   it protected the world from soviet expansion . 
  first thing first : even assuming that it 's justifiable if it held back soviet expansion - you lost the vietnam war . 
  you did nothing to soviet expansion . 
  as for whether that 's a valid excuse to begin with ... go speak to the millions of vietnamese and cambodians who still mourn relatives killed by americans . 
  wander through the huge swathes of ground which are still untouchable because they 're covered in unexploded mines . 
  look at the ruins of towns destroyed by american bombs . 
  take a read through the reports of the horrific torture which americans forced upon innocent vietnamese people . 
  then go and ask them whether they thought ` holding back soviet expansion ' was a valid excuse for you to destroy their country and kill their people . 
   it was not needless slaughter . 
  ` we wanted to be the global superpower ' is not a valid excuse . 
   it * was * justified as it protected the world from soviet expansion . 
  you seem to look at ` soviet expansion ' like anthrax or the plague , where any number of innocent lives can be sacrificed in order to prevent it . 
  you 're so eager to justify the murder of hundreds of thousands of east asian or middle eastern people . 
  seems like you do n't even see them as human . 
  i wonder how many american civilians you would have sacrificed to protect your superpower status . 
   the ussr never admitted its crimes and russia still glorifies them , that 's why you * can * still blame russia for soviet crimes , despite hardly anyone being alive . 
  ... what ? 
  the soviet union existed just a couple of decades ago . 
  there are absolutely plenty of people still alive . 
   which is fine if they deny their crimes . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
   irrelevant . 
  it 's not irrelevant at all . 
   and only * some * of those soldiers are guilty of atrocities . 
  deaths happen in war , you know - not every civilian death in a war is illegal ... oh , so in your view , you can blame all of russia for soviet crimes , but you ca n't blame america for its crimes . 
  everything you say seems to involve a double standard in favour of america . 
   irrelevant to the case . 
  i 'm not sure the many vietnamese people with ptsd , or who mourn relatives killed by americans think it 's as ` irrelevant ' as you . 
   neither are the older crimes that russia for example still denies . 
  irrelevant . 
  you keep dismissing relevant points as ` irrelevant to the case ' , but now you 're bringing up russia 's crimes , which is also completely irrelevant in a conversation about america 's warmongering . 
   yes . 
  that 's what should happen when you side with such dangerous countries . 
  this is downright psychopathic .
