  it is largely deserved . 
  seattle is much further south though - they 're on a similar latitude to budapest . 
  you 're a complete idiot . 
  the erasure of other countries ' accomplishments has mainly been done by american media . 
  i could point you to a load of hollywood films which completely ignore the contributions of other countries to things , portraying them as exclusively american . 
  look up the tube alloys project . 
  to summarise : you yanks were making no progress whatsoever with your attempts at a bomb while we were getting shit done . 
  the two projects were eventually consolidated to speed them up and save money . 
  the only reason it 's attributed to america is because the combined project was being made in the us and was named ` manhattan ' ... and because americans have tried really hard to erase the british contribution to the nuke from the history books . 
  because americans like pretending they did things without help . 
  is that a joke ? 
  the u.k. was one of the biggest contributors to many ` american ' scientific achievements . 
  hell , we were more important in making the atom bomb than the americans were . 
  was real . 
  or the venezuelans ... 
  spain is filled with french people ? 
  at this point , according to the daily mail , everyone . 
  what 's going on in france right now ? 
  i do n't really have a great grasp of politics there , so this is a surprise . 
  #enemies of the people, 
  but that also applies to america and they 're not very happy at all . 
  we ca n't all have your serene genius , i 'm afraid . 
  if an excess of money was an accomplishment , arab oil barons would rule the world . 
  on a global scale , perhaps it is n't all that powerful . 
  but it has the 2nd strongest military in europe ( behind russia ) and the 2nd strongest economy ( behind germany ) , so that makes it a definitive player in the future of europe in 2017 . 
  i wish that was n't the case because i think the british government is very harmful , but it is . 
  france , germany , the uk and russia are the recognised leaders of europe . 
  france , germany and the uk are the most powerful leaders in the eu , and will remain so throughout 2017 . 
  at the shortest , we 've got 2 years and 4 months before the uk leaves . 
   i strongly believe that britain will fine as an independent state . 
  i. . . do n't . 
   people vote to leave in the referendum and the government should uphold that decision . 
  agree or disagree with democracy , but if you live in a democratic society you respect the outcome , no matter if you 're for or against it why should we ? 
  the vote was surrounded by misinformation , outright lies , and scapegoating , in one of the worst electoral campaigns we 've seen . 
  that in itself invalidates the result . 
  then there 's the fact that thousands of expat ballots were disregarded or misplaced . 
  on top of that , the result was carried because there were disproportionate turnouts from pensioners with fantasies of the british empire . 
  why should i respect them ? 
  why should they get to decide a future they will not have to live with ? 
  especially since 16 and 17 year olds , who overwhelmingly supported remaining , and who will need to live with this for their whole lives , could n't vote ? 
  then there 's the fact that surveys and studies have found a consistent trend towards pro-remain opinions since the vote , showing that enough voters have changed their minds to change the result , since the margin of victory was so tiny . 
  in fact , most surveys now place the uk as less eurosceptic than countries like france and greece . 
  so the nation no longer wants what it voted for - there 's nothing wrong with changing your mind in a democracy . 
  no , i do n't respect the outcome . 
  neither do lots of others - that 's why the lib dems have gained so much traction so quickly . 
  because they 're the only party overtly opposed to the result . 
  no , you did n't fix it for me , thanks very much . 
  the actions of the uk in the next couple of years will be decisive . 
  if the uk succeeds from brexit , that will pour a huge amount of fuel on eurosceptic parties in eu countries who will want to follow in its example . 
  if the uk is destroyed by brexit , that will act as a huge deterrent to eurosceptics who may realise that remaining is safer . 
  in many ways , politicians in the eu will watch brexit and act based on whether it sinks or swims . 
  there 's a sad irony in him being an economic migrant . 
  how much is it going to take before he realises that the uk does n't want him ? 
  austria is one thing , but i think the future of the eu will be decided in 2017 by the uk , france and germany . 
  there 's a possibility of a may , petry , le pen triangle appearing in 2017 , and that would be very bad for the eu . 
  this seems to just be the lead-up . 
  2017 will see theresa may try to activate article 50 , which could cause huge divisions in the uk and send it into an economic downward spiral . 
  we will have trump taking office , which could lead to nothing , or it could result in nuclear proliferation in japan and korea , a trade war with china , and worse case scenario , war with iran . 
  we will have elections in france and germany , both of which have powerful right wing parties ( national front and afd respectively ) which could threaten to destroy the eu completely . 
  reshuffle it now and they might be able to avert brexit altogether . 
  there are a lot of people here who do n't want to leave , or who want to remain in the single market . 
  reforms within the eu would really put pressure on our government to remain , or at least stay in the single market . 
  god that was embarrassing . 
  that really needs flag labels . 
  i have no idea what country most of those people are . 
  is that all ? 
  we really need to pick up the pace with the esa . 
  most of nasa 's accomplishments in the 20th century were done with technology stolen from europe ( much of it from the nazis ) , as well as european scientists and engineers . 
  but that 's a common thing with america - they love ignoring the contributions of other countries to their accomplishments . 
  if europe unites , it can definitely do it . 
  the eea is bigger than any other economy in the world , after all . 
  but realistically , we 're going to be looking at china to push the next frontiers in space tech . 
  which is n't too bad , because they seem eager . 
  the americans only got ahead because they were using european technology and european engineers anyway . 
  he was good at witty comebacks . 
  he was not good at answering questions . 
  pmqs exist for the latter , but are used for the former . 
  that 's the problem . 
  a witty burn can get you further in our parliament than a legitimate political point . 
  none , really . 
  the original case made by the soviets is still there , but it is expected to fall apart soon . 
  the arch is a more permanent solution . 
  there are multiple chimneys . 
  [ the famous unit 4 chimney was knocked down ] ( http://www.unknownworld.co/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/chernobyl-power-plant.jpg ) the one you see in the article is from unit 3 . 
  i 'm sure their tarts are simply lovely . 
  that was interesting to learn , thanks !, 
  you ca n't judge a food by its worst examples . 
  you can also find plenty of shitty plastic gouda , parmesan and brie . 
  that 's the most heartbreaking thing i 've ever read . 
  let 's agree to disagree on that one . 
  i do love a good sunday roast . 
  but i 'm not entirely sure if it 's a british meal , or if it originates somewhere else , so i left it out . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  aside from the us not being a large enough group to really affect the stats that much , cheddar is n't even the most popular cheese there . 
  mozzarella is . 
  you 're right , gouda is definitely generic . 
  though it 's not especially popular in my country . 
  and we perfected ... the art of stealing it from india . 
  that has not been my experience , and i 've been to both countries . 
  every pizza i had in the us was pretty nasty , but i suppose it all depends on which places you go to .
