  i almost want to say you 're trolling . 
  no one can be so callous . 
   and we have an oracle ... 
  if the us had n't invaded iraq , the us would n't have fucked up the invasion of iraq . 
  which part of that statement seems unreasonable to you ? 
   i do n't dismiss it , i see reasons to view them in an utterly different context . 
  from what i 've seen , your context involves claiming that everything is justified ` because soviets '  irrelevant . 
  not at all . 
  if a government participates in a war , when most of the people adamantly do n't want it to happen ( such as in many european countries ) , then you ca n't blame the people of that country quite as much . 
  if the citizens openly support that war , then they hold more of the blame . 
   again , somewhat irrelevant . 
  it is n't at all ? 
  you 're just dismissing it because you ca n't counter it . 
   and if most of the world would have comprehended the soviet threat , they would have supported those interventions . 
  can you please give some specifics ? 
  what specific actions by the soviets during the cold war make you think that invasions , coups , carpet-bombings , and massacres are all justified as long as it contains the ` soviet threat ' ? 
   jesus , i know like a major one . 
  go on ? 
   could also be from having actually studied international law and international relations . 
  this explains why i 've never heard of any estonian universities . 
  because the history they 're teaching bat-shit crazy . 
  when sheila from asda tells you the fete 's cancelled and you need to go make a cup of tea to calm down . 
  king 's speech and casino royale were both great . 
  but i think harry potter and the order of the phoenix is probably my favourite . 
  wow . 
  i 've always liked that tune , but i never really listened to the lyrics before , so i never knew it was about london . 
  i quite like [ this song about london ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bx97hgb6iy ), 
  french and spanish , but i know that students at the school i attended now learn mandarin too . 
  the problem i commonly noticed was that students pretty much never had a reason to use any of these languages , unless they were going on holiday , and a tiny percentage also wanted to do jobs which required another language . 
  so most students just forgot everything they had learned within a year . 
  british people swarm to the south of spain every year . 
  that number dwarfs the number of british tourists who go to any other country . 
  the older couples go to the historical cities , the families go to the beach resorts , and the horny students go to the belearic islands - specifically magalif ( dubbed shagaluf ) and ibiza . 
  and of course , our wealthy pensioners are all retired there . 
  not quite as many swear words as sweeney todd but i suppose it 's still nice, 
  yes , a mix of incredible history , astonishing architecture , unmatched natural beauty , and top notch food is such a turn off . 
  that 's adorable . 
   it rains like 364 days a year , then we have one day of summer . 
  i miss the days . 
  recent years have had rain for 330 days a year and around 34 blazing hot , deathly humid days . 
  [ this is my favourite ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xamdprxbtbg ), 
  i quite liked that a couple of years ago , during london 's new year firework show , they inserted a clip from sweeney todd saying ` no place like london ! ' . 
  but that same song included the following lyrics  there 's a hole in the world like a great black pit  and the vermin of the world inhabit it  and its morals are n't worth what a pig can spit  and it goes by the name of london ... 
  so that might not have been the best choice of song in a celebration of london . 
  considering the song was about how awful london is . 
   well they matter , but it would be foolish to disregard context . 
  apparently ` disregarding context ' means hand-waving everything away that happened before the end of the cold war because then we can pretend the us is n't so bad . 
   the entire world being threatened by a totalitarian nuclear superpower with a semi-aggressive foreign policy aiming for world domination is not `` a bit different '' . 
  it 's very telling of your own biases that you see the soviet union that way . 
  overthrowing the democratically elected government of iran did n't protect anyone , it served the us 's interests and helped them establish a global hegemony . 
  infiltrating half a dozen american countries with anti-communist guerrilla groups did n't protect anyone . 
  carpet bombing half of south east asia did n't protect the citizens there . 
  please stop portraying needless slaughter and international bullying as justified just because it limited the influence of the ussr . 
   even though a lot of the people who participated in those wars are still alive today . 
  well here 's an example : you ca n't just go to germany and blame them for the country 's actions during ww2 , because barely anyone in germany was alive at the time . 
  you would be blaming them for the actions of their ancestors . 
  you also ca n't find many people still alive who were victims of german atrocities . 
  but you can very easily go to the us and find people who took part in the massacre of innocent vietnamese citizens or the bombing of iraqi hospitals . 
  and you can very easily find people in vietnam with dead relatives , and iraqis whose families were destroyed by the us . 
  these wars are n't old wounds from the distant past , they still sit in the memories of people everywhere , and the damage is still visible . 
  that is a very big distinction . 
   those countries either let pro-soviet rulers take power or themselves voted them into office . 
  they were not entirely blameless in these conflicts . 
  ` they elected a pro-soviet ruler so it was perfectly fine for us to overthrow their government , establish a dictator friendly to us , and cripple the country for decades to come '  this is a weird thing to claim , considering the continuation of the assad regime . 
  i was referring to hussein and got confused . 
   yeah nobody disputes that . 
  but this is not because of bringing down hussein per se , it is because of * extremely * thoughtless post-invasion policies . 
  ultimately , we know where the blame sits there . 
  if the us had n't been warmongering , the problem would n't have happened . 
   you are wrong because i do n't dismiss it at all . 
  you dismissed everything which happened before the end of the cold war . 
  i can quote you if you like . 
   the electorate does n't decide wars . 
  if it did , we 'd be into a lot of shit . 
  the point is that even though some european countries participated due to the willingness of their governments , the people of europe did not want it . 
  the people of america did . 
   entering wars requires a lot of inside knowledge , both about your own and the other country 's military situation , which more than 99 % of the people have almost no idea about . 
  except in the cases of both iraq and vietnam , inside knowledge was that both wars were unjustifiable . 
  insiders on vietnam knew that the mass slaughter of innocent civilians was taking place . 
  and insiders on iraq knew that the entire story used to explain the invasion had been fabricated . 
  so i 'm not sure inside knowledge would have made any of the world 's people more willing to support either war . 
  i imagine if most of the world knew about the details of the us 's coups and guerrillas , they would n't have supported them either . 
   that depends , i would n't make such firm generalizations . 
  well i ca n't think of any situation where someone has said ` well the country has completely collapsed and been reduced to ruins , but at least that one bad guy is gone '  i see arguments like yours all the time . 
  i know international relations and international law far better than your average internet commentator . 
  [ i think i found somewhere your great knowledge might be more welcome . 
   cold war was a de facto different world order . 
  oh well i guess none of the wars before that matter , do they ? 
  you ca n't strap the us with the blame for those wars it started , because the world order was a bit different . 
  even though a lot of the people who participated in those wars are still alive today . 
  and even though millions of people still live in countries which still struggle to recover from wars which happened before the end of the cold war . 
   it is and it is not . 
  international law was breached to bring down a totalitarian dictator . 
  it has been widely accepted at this point that the damage caused by the iraq war , which destabilised an entire continent , far exceeds the damage caused by assad . 
  i 'm not defending him at all , but the us invasion caused far more damage , which still affects the region to this day . 
  the way you just dismiss it because of the dictatorship is kind of insulting . 
   a lot of people ( definitely including me ) would support bringing down dictators most of europe did not support the iraq war . 
  most of america did . 
  bringing down a dictator does n't help if you completely destroy the country in the process . 
  i do n't mean to be all aggro , but it stuns me that so much ignorance has been upvoted .
