  they are overwhelmingly more famous and successful than either of those two . 
  yes , he would probably fit better . 
  you think it should be scorpions ? 
  someone else suggested rammstein . 
  it 's not that they lack soft power , it 's just that language barriers are incredibly good at blocking cultural spread . 
  some spanish singers are well known in latin america and some portuguese ones are well known in brazil . 
  people in quebec are probably more aware of music culture in france than most people in the uk are . 
  that 's why most european artists who want to make it big tend to perform in english . 
  english speaking culture is somewhat of an exception in that it manages to stay well known even despite language barriers , and that 's only because the combined soft power of english speaking countries is so strong , plus it 's the most widely spoken language ( though not the most spoken overall ) . 
  but that definitely will not always be the case . 
  it 's likely that some day , mandarin or hindi-speaking culture will be as iniquitous as english-speaking culture is today . 
  it 's certainly prompted a surprising amount of conversation, 
  thanks . 
  i 'll have a lot of edits to make based on what people in this thread have said . 
  i 'd be willing to support a team europe in many sports to be honest . 
  thank you , 
  thanks for telling me . 
  interestingly , every portuguese person in this thread has pointed out that delfins is the wrong choice , but none of them have suggested the same alternative . 
  if i ever make anything like this again , i definitely will . 
  global , ideally . 
  with countries where those statistics were available , i used them . 
  when there were no clear statistics , i went with honorifics and awards . 
  as you will see many people in this thread pointing out , it is by no means a foolproof method . 
  my shitty google fu . 
  then you 're probably right . 
  hungary was one of the countries i had trouble with , so it does n't surprise me that i 'm wrong . 
  i did n't include classical artists like chopin because it 's hard to define them by modern parameters of what makes a successful artist . 
  e.g you ca n't look up album sales or awards or tv show appearances in the same way . 
  thanks , i 'll edit one of those two in if i ever repost this anywhere . 
  then you 're probably right . 
  i spent ages looking for information on successful portuguese artists and found it really difficult to get any rankings or sales numbers . 
  i was n't totally happy with delfins , because they did n't seem to me like what i 'd expect to be the most successful artists in portugal , but i simply was n't able to find a better alternative with my shitty googling skills . 
  you 're probably right . 
  i based the choices on lists of album sales and honorifics and number 1s and whatnot . 
  i 've never actually been to most of europe ( though i would love to ) , so it 's entirely possible that some of the people i chose were not the right ones . 
  damn . 
  well at least ukip meps barely ever show up . 
  that in itself is a blessing on the sanity of the other meps . 
  i think the punchline might be dulled slightly by the two year waiting process , but i think you can pull it off . 
  did n't he already resign ? 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53bjj5/most_successful_music_artist_from_each_european/d7rm2fa ), 
  sure , but it will take me a minute to look them all up again . 
  edit : the united kingdom - the beatles ireland - u2 iceland - bjork poland - edyta g\u00f3rniak sweden - abba netherlands - anouk czech republic - michal tu\u010dn\u00fd italy - claudio baglioni tunisia - latifa algeria - khaled morocco - nass el ghiwane cyprus - evridiki kosovo - rita ora montenegro - rambo amadeus albania - elvana macedonia - to\u0161e proeski bosnia - dino merlin bulgaria - anelia moldova - natalia barbu lithuania - jurga \u0161eduikyt\u0117 latvia - lauris reiniks romania - inna croatia - gibonni slovenia - slavko avsenik belarus - alexander rybak hungary - aurora serbia - dragana mirkovi\u0107 estonia - arvo p\u00e4rt austria - christina st\u00fcrmer germany - herbert gr\u00f6nemeyer slovakia - pr\u00fady ukraine - ruslana belgium - jacques brel greece - nana mouskouri switzerland - dj bobo finland - eppu normaali norway - a ha denmark - aqua spain - alejandro sanz portugal - delfins france - francis cabrel turkey - sezen aksu russia - alla pugacheva i think that 's everyone, 
  i did n't spend much time on those countries because they 're not european - i just filled them in with popular artists so that they were n't left empty at the bottom of the image . 
  it 's edited from [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/68/edyta_g%c3%b3rniak.jpg ), 
  thank you for telling me . 
  i would never in a million years claim to be any kind of expert on french music . 
  if i ever repost this anywhere , i 'll edit that first . 
  the ones i could find [ sales figures for , i used . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_best-selling_albums_by_country#france ), 
  edyta g\u00f3rniak . 
  did i get that one wrong ? 
  wikipedia says she is ` one of the most popular polish pop singers in history of polish music ', 
  some were quite difficult to find or verify because i 'm shit at googling and i 've never been to most of these places , so please forgive any mistakes . 
  i love it . 
  i 've been looking at the artist 's site for a while . 
  there are gorgeous maps for the uk , ireland , france , poland and italy as well as some other countries . 
  most of those shows * are * made available to a wider audience . 
  they are either shown on foreign bbc channels or the broadcasting rights are sold in other countries . 
  if you look at what the bbc has done with just the visibility and funding of the uk , imagine what a eubc ( european union broadcasting corporation ) could achieve with 29 countries behind it . 
  imo the bbc is fantastic and worth every penny . 
  an eu wide ` bbc style ' broadcasting corporation sounds like it would have huge potential . 
  if all eu national broadcast corporations combined into a single entity , it could be very powerful . 
  sadly , the bbc is the largest of these in europe and it wo n't be in the eu for long . 
  one more thing to add to the list of shit consequences of brexit, 
  good . 
  europe produces just as much good film and tv as america , but as it functions as several small industries rather than one large industry , very little of it gets any visibility . 
  combining european film industries will turn europe into a global producer of film and tv . 
  i do n't think corbyn 's position on the referendum would have been remotely as significant if the rest of his party had n't been desperately searching for reasons to depose him . 
  it was n't a clear divide , but it was definitely more right wing than left . 
  if being good at naming things was a crime then there would n't be an england in arkansas . 
  sounds like a thrill . 
  to be fair most of those europeans who could n't think of good names went on to become americans who could n't think of good names . 
  those europeans made the one-time mistake of giving places stupid names . 
  you americans make the everlasting mistake of continuing to preserve those stupid names . 
  american place names are always prime cringe material . 
  that 's very strange , considering france and the uk are pretty even on economic grounds . 
  i understand what you 're saying , and as i said , i often condemn the british military for its actions in many areas . 
  but when it comes to terrorist groups , it 's almost inevitable that you 're going to kill more civilians as a percentage than they are . 
  because terrorist groups have clear targets in the form of military bases . 
  they are able to easily pick out their targets because those targets openly represent their enemies . 
  british soldiers wore uniforms and walked around in groups and all slept in established places . 
  whereas if you 're trying to fight a terrorist group , there 's no clear indicator . 
  a terrorist 's main advantage is that you ca n't tell they 're a terrorist until they attack . 
  so it seems inevitable that the british would have ended up killing more civilians as a percentage than the ira . 
  from my experience , provincial french people are a lot more open minded to others who are trying to learn their language . 
  it also helps if you 're not british . 
  when i went to germany , i spent loads of time trying to learn bits of german first , but found most of it redundant . 
  i admire the germans that so many of them are bilingual . 
  i 've never felt so comparatively un-worldly . 
  where is your source for that ? 
  but they had the support of much of ireland , which scottish terrorists probably would n't have . 
  scotland does n't have the same history with england that ireland has . 
  they were not persecuted in the same way , and very few harbour resentment the way the irish did . 
  the irish wanted independence based on historical differences and oppression . 
  the scots who voted to leave mostly based their choice on the benefits and drawbacks . 
  it 's a completely different scenario . 
  i always thought horses came in clamshell packaging . 
  i had no idea they used * boxes * .
