  sadly , that would require quite a bit of money . 
  and i 'm going to university in the uk in late september , which will keep me in england for at least three years . 
  i think he 's a vile , repugnant little roach . 
  if i was moving for economic reasons , then germany . 
  if i was moving for cultural reasons , then france or italy . 
  but i 'd need to learn a different language in all three scenarios , which would be worth taking into account . 
  i do n't think anyone seriously wants that idea . 
  scotland , wales , northern ireland and the republic of ireland may harbour a disdain for england , but they 're not overly fond of one another either . 
  and while parts of scotland are pushing for independence , and may potentially get it in the future , northern ireland is still strongly british , and barely anyone in wales wants to break away from the uk at all . 
  funnily enough , i 've only really seen people supporting a celtic union on reddit , and those people are almost always american . 
  no , but it is mostly people in that age range . 
  we also created fried chicken , apple pie and a million cheeses . 
  i need this country to be a little less snooty and superior , and more accepting . 
  go to the british museum, 
  i would call myself an atheist but the term carries too much certainty . 
  religion , or the lack thereof , is completely non existent in my life . 
  i am in university , studying history , and so i find the history of religion fascinating , but i think it should stay in history . 
  young students in this country have developed an awful binge culture . 
  my spanish teacher was herself spanish and she was lovely . 
  i love canada , australia and new zealand , but i definitely feel more european . 
  this is just from my observations , but seems like british people are beginning to identify less and less with americans , but are still affectionate for australians , new zealanders and canadians . 
  with the combination of the iraq war , surveillance , political influence , and donald trump , i would bet that public opinion of the us is lower than it has been in a long time . 
  i 've noticed that outside of sporting events , people who identify strongly as english tend to be quite conservative . 
  i feel the same . 
  before the vote , i loved europe , but felt relatively neutral in regards to the eu and my identity as a european . 
  after the vote , i realised how much i identified with europe . 
  i feel very european . 
  i personally would n't mind a european federation and think that it would be necessary in the future , but most other people in my country would gasp with horror if i said that . 
  i would say i am european , then british , then english last of all . 
  personally , my favourite british film is the king 's speech , though harry potter and the order of the phoenix is definitely up there ( not sure the latter counts as british because a lot of the funding was american ) . 
  oh , and ex machina . 
  / r/polandball do n't worry , they 've already banned me because i made comics which were ` too photorealistic ' for them . 
  i encourage you to post it and then have it subsequently deleted by that subs mods . 
  does a cornish pasty count as a sandwich ? 
  traditionally , but most of the sausage cases you see nowadays are synthetic . 
  i confess i am no expert on black pudding, 
  i ` mm sure you could find someone who does , but it 's not a common thing here in the uk, 
  i 've only had haggis once , but it tasted like slightly spicy ground beef . 
  quite dry . 
  if i had tasted it without knowing what it was , i would have continued eating it , but i 'm quite squeamish , so i only had a bit . 
  black pudding is congealed pig 's blood , and haggis is a sheep 's lungs cooked in its stomach . 
  stargazey pie is made with whole pilchards . 
  jellied eels ... need no explanation . 
  i do n't know enough about the situation to have any strong opinion . 
  66 % and i 'm a native speaker . 
  i did n't say yes to any non words , but i did n't say yes to all of the real words . 
   no , you are n't . 
  ... yes i am . 
  in this very conversation , i said i was ashamed of my own country 's tourists . 
  most of my comments about the uk have been positive recently because we 're doing well in the olympics , but if you were around during the brexit referendums , you would have seen far more negativity in my comments . 
   it is because you never stop bringing it up . 
  a vast majority of the time when i talk about america , it is in a post that was already about ameirca , or in response to a comment about america . 
  i.e i 'm not usually the one bringing it up . 
  i 'm critical of the us , just as i am critical of every country , including my own . 
  it 's not my fault that the us is the most talked about country on this website . 
  i never claimed the us lost the space race , or the cold war , or is poor at sporting events , or only gets medals at swimming . 
  you are twisting my statements into bullshit . 
  e.g i said no one won the cold war , there were only different degrees of losing . 
  of those , the us lost the least . 
  you twisted that to claim i said the us lost the cold war . 
  another example is that i said that the us gets most of their medals at swimming , not that they only get medals in swimming . 
  as the single most prominent poster in / r/shiteuropeanssay ( that 's a thing ? 
  ) , you might be slightly biased there . 
  god , i 'm so ashamed of our tourists . 
  or the young ones , at least . 
  british tourists in europe are as bad as american tourists in mexico . 
  japan , probably . 
  i find all south and east asian cultures fascinating , especially china and india , but i suppose japan 's culture is the most accessible for foreigners due to how developed it is . 
  i also have a deep love for ancient egyptian history . 
  you 're probably right . 
  reinventing wwii has become too mainstream for them . 
  this kind of person is why the us was included in battlefield 1 and france/russia were left out, 
  but surely italy is a bigger cultural rival . 
  you compete more when it comes to food , fashion , architecture , wine , etc. 
  the us would be a cultural rival . 
  but it has a very different nature than our rivalry with france . 
  with france , all brits are 50 % respectful , 50 % disdainful . 
  with the us , 50 % of brits are respectful and 50 % are disdainful, 
  ireland stares daggers at england while england stares daggers at france while france stares daggers at italy and italy stares daggers at greece and greece stares daggers at germany and germany stares daggers at portugal and portugal stares daggers at spain and spain stares daggers at france . 
  it 's like a conga line of contempt . 
  we were rivalled with the netherlands ? 
  this is news to me . 
  i 'd expect you to be more contentious with belgium or something . 
  anti american sentiment has been developing across most of europe , from what i 've seen . 
  it 's been quite subtle , and has n't really reached popular culture , but it 's definitely there . 
  and i do n't think this election has helped at all . 
  but if it 's any consolation about the moaning thing , the people here who moan about germany moan about every other country in equal measure . 
  france . 
  well self appointments do n't carry much merit here . 
  no one won the cold war . 
  imo the only variation is in how much each country lost in participating . 
  the western allies came out the best , but it was by no means a victory . 
  it 's a spicy fizzy drink which is as common in malta as coke . 
  i have n't been able to find it anywhere else . 
  [ ugliest ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ofrcwrf.png ) building and what i think is the [ nicest ] ( http://www.shropshirestar.com/wpmvc/wp/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/15581487.jpg ) building . 
  though i live in a town with a lot of gorgeous buildings . 
  i 'm not bragging because i live in the shitty part of that town . 
  egos too, 
  indeed . 
  though i ca n't say it was a perfect education .
