  the uk has n't left yet and might never leave . 
  nato is a military bloc and the eu is a political and economic union . 
  they 're very different things . 
  plenty of european countries win more medals per capita than the us . 
  no , but most of the athletes sent by eu countries were not in medal contention anyway . 
  only a few hundred won medals , and most of them were favourites to win . 
  so if you picked out 500 or 600 from all the eu athletes , you would presumably still get a similar medal count . 
  the only differences would be ( a ) events like rugby or basketball , where only one team from each country can compete , and ( b ) surprise winners , which would n't be as common with an eu team of 600 instead of 3000 . 
  but we would still likely top the podium . 
  i 'd personally love an eu team . 
  why is this cringe ? 
  eu countries should share in their accomplishments and draw unity from them . 
  my secondary school english teacher was called mrs french . 
  she was spanish . 
  presumably still is . 
   the eu is not yet a mature and politically coherent power . 
  its primary influence lies in its size as a trade bloc and its attractiveness as an export market . 
  from a geopolitical perspective , it 's not a sovereign state , it has little military clout , and middling diplomatic influence at best . 
  and despite that , it is one of the most politically and economically powerful entities on earth . 
  so if the eu did become a sovereign state , it would definitely become a direct competitor to the us and would realistically overtake it . 
   americans simply have no financial stake in a poorer europe . 
  true , but the only thing worse for american interests than a poor europe is a europe which is more politically and militarily powerful than the usa . 
   all of these things would increase eu influence . 
  presumably the u.s. is aware of this . 
  because none of those things would put the eu in direct competition with the us unless the eu became a sovereign country , which is still a distant prospect . 
  if we reached the point where a european federation was on the table , the us official opinion might change . 
   right and this transfer of power would most likely be a good thing for the us . 
  it would n't . 
  a united eu would n't give america * less * work to do , it would give them more work to do , in order to keep the same amount of power . 
  russia already would n't dare to provoke the eu , regardless of the us 's position , and russia 's stance on non-eu european countries probably would n't change if the eu united . 
  the only difference would be that america would find it harder to keep the military and political presence they currently have in eu countries , which gives them the ability to project power to russia , because the eu would be more powerful than the us , and therefore would be less likely to accept all of the things the us currently does . 
  so realistically , that means fewer military bases , less of a political impact in europe , fewer nukes stored on eu soil , fewer fingers in eu pies , etc. 
  right now , for example , the us intelligence agencies get far more information from eu countries than they give . 
  if the eu united , that would change . 
   in addition things like the intervention in libya would not require our assistance as a ue ( united europe ) would not need our military support . 
  but the fact that a united eu would be so militarily powerful means that their influence would be far greater . 
  the us currently basically controls all of the oceans , and that gives them a huge amount of power . 
  many countries rely on the us for military support . 
  with a united eu , many of those countries would turn from the us to the eu . 
  while that would give the us military less to do , it would also decrease their leverage with many countries enormously . 
   when it comes to foreign policy the eu and the us rarely have substantial disagreements , iraq being the most notable . 
  even then europe was split over supporting the us on the issue . 
  the thing is that even though there are n't many disagreements , not everyone is happy . 
  lots of proposals are pushed on europe by america , such as ttip , and while they are technically agreements , they are neither popular in europe , nor in europe 's best interest . 
  if the eu united , that would be going in the opposite direction . 
  the eu would end up pushing its own laws on america , because it would have substantially more political clout . 
  there would still be agreements , but they would be europe 's agreements , not america 's . 
  because the us and the eu are the largest western powers and it benefits the us to be the most politically influential of those two . 
  the combined eu economy is larger than the us economy . 
  and if the eu become more integrated , it is reasonable to assume that its economy would grow even more . 
  and the us is able to influence europe more now that the eu is a group of countries . 
  if the eu became united , it would be more politically and economically powerful than the us , meaning the us would not be able to affect europe the way they can now , and they would be in the position we are in right now . 
  while you 're correct in that it would not negatively affect the us in an economic sense , it would mean a huge transfer of power within the west away from america . 
  well part of the point of the tisa , ttip and tpp is to keep trade away from potential world powers like china , russia , brazil , india etc. 
  and brexit was pushed on the basis that we would be able to trade more freely with those exact potential world powers ... and yet the government seems to be allowing ttip to go ahead . 
  it 's a real head scratcher . 
  a truly united eu would quite easily overtake the us economically , so it would make sense for the us to aim for a weaker eu . 
  that 's also a big problem for british people like myself who are concerned about how much our government likes kissing america 's arse . 
  many brits viewed eu regulations as the only thing keeping america from meddling too much in british politics . 
  not even the british elite have been able to control this brexit how they 've wanted to . 
  the american elite certainly could n't . 
  can i just point out how impressively accurate google translate has become ? 
  i would wait a while . 
  yes , give the american flag to spanish and stop using it for english . 
  that made me die inside a bit . 
  it gets worse when they use the statue of liberty , a french statue representing an italian goddess in america , to represent the english language . 
  so fucking annoying . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  imagine how many lures are in that stadium, 
  to be fair , of all of the people currently making americans look stupid to europe , blm are not the most prominent . 
  americans love bringing their bullshit to the uk . 
  i do n't know why . 
  no one here wants it . 
  ... which is ironic , because the us has a worse class divide than the uk . 
  ` american culture ' seems like a misnomer . 
  you 're the most american russian i 've ever seen . 
  ok but why are we talking about america ? 
  this is / r/europe, 
  it has n't been a problem until they started being used for radicalisation . 
  mosques on their own are not the issue . 
  a mosque is n't any harm to anyone . 
  it 's the fact that countries have been funding these moques with the intent to radicalise, 
  i seem to be one of the few who sees no harm in mosques in local towns or cities . 
  my town has a dozen or more churches , and my life is n't affected by any of them . 
  one mosque is n't going to do any harm . 
  imo the best thing our politicians could do in regards to the war on terror is * stop * helping the us whenever they want to go to war, 
  south park is n't british, 
  europe is n't failing its citizens . 
  i personally think that european countries are trying their best within their capacity . 
  but there 's only so much you can do when individual terrorists are incredibly difficult to track or trace . 
  the most important battle is ideological , and that 's why islamists are becoming radicalised . 
  it 's like the cold war , but with islam instead of communism . 
  you ca n't just bomb communism , and nor can you bomb islam . 
  but cracking down on an ideology could undermine the progressiveness that people love about europe , which would in turn mean doing exactly what the terrorists want . 
  the thing is that both a and b would be exactly what the terrorists want . 
  we would be handing them success on a silver platter . 
  the best route is to increase security forces and try to draw unity from this , and limit fear mongering as much as possible . 
  because people are only shifting to right wing extremism out of fear . 
  both a and b would undermine the peace , security and prosperity we currently have . 
  and at the end of the day , it 's an ideological battle in europe .
