  [ immediately after the vote , we lost # 125 billion in stocks - 15 times what we pay to the eu each year . 
  ] ( http://qz.com/715845/british-stocks-lost-125-billion-after-brexit-or-15-years-worth-of-eu-contributions/ ) that is not relative to another currency , it is the clear withdrawal of money from our economy . 
  i assume you told me not to bother because you knew you would n't like what you were told . 
   entirely untrue , one of the main concerns for many people was that the uk 's influence was definitely dwindling . 
  then those people were deluded . 
  how could the uk 's influence be reduced by being part of the largest single economy in the world , containing hundreds of millions of people and twenty eight countries ? 
   i still feel like people like yourself still just do not ` get it ' i 'm clearly not getting something . 
  maybe as everything becomes more expensive for working class people like myself , i 'll finally ` get it ' . 
   not according to any comparative survey , ever . 
  apart from most of them , you mean ? 
  this took less than five minutes of googling : according to pew research centre , unfavourable views of the eu were expressed by 71 % of greeks , 61 % of french , 48 % of brits , 49 % of spanish , 46 % of netherlands and 44 % of swedish in spring 2016 . 
  in other words , the netherlands is almost equally ( as mordeth would put it ) ` reluctant rabid anti-eu ' as the uk . 
  and if i could be bothered , i could post a whole lot more surveys with the same findings . 
  but i 'm sure you could find them easily yourself . 
  i said you can find a lot of them quite easily . 
  i 'm not going to copy and paste every article on the internet for you . 
  you 're perfectly capable of doing your own research . 
  yes . 
  a far higher percentage of elderly people voted than young people . 
  but a large chunk of ( or even most of ) the uk does n't actually want to leave , and a large chunk of the netherlands , france , germany , greece and italy do want to leave . 
  so stop acting like the uk is an anomaly . 
   no one believed it though . 
  except all the people who believed it , you mean ? 
  when pretty much all of the predictions so far have come true , it puts a lot more validity into the predictions for the future . 
  [ here 's an article . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/immigration-system-boris-australia_uk_574eceb9e4b0089281b4fc8c ) you can find a lot of them quite easily . 
  what reputable politician or economist claimed that the uk would end up as a third world country ? 
  yes , but now that those predictions have come/are coming true , it 's a lot harder for people to ignore them . 
  do you have a source that any reputable politicians or economists said that brexit would cause the end of western political civilisation and that millions of jobs depended on being in the eu ? 
  as for the recession thing , you could make a strong argument that we 're currently in/entering one . 
  everything they 've predicted has come true in an economic sense , and a lot of what they 've predicted in a political sense has come true as well . 
  that 's reason enough to assume their predictions will keep coming true . 
  meanwhile , the predictions of the leave campaign were already falling apart before the final result had even been announced . 
   the absolute worst outcome would be a reluctant rabid anti-eu uk to remain a member have you taken nothing away from the huge discord within the uk surrounding this referendum ? 
  the uk is not rabidly anti-eu . 
  almost half of the votes were to stay , and that 's without including the opinions of those who did n't vote , because a higher percentage of leave supporters voted , as they were told they were more likely to lose . 
  it 's without including the under 18s , who overwhelmingly supported remaining . 
  it 's without including the hundreds of thousands of immigrants who live and work here and considered themselves british , and also wanted to stay . 
  it 's without considering the many people who voted to leave without ever wanting to , to the degree that #regrexit became a trending hashtag afterwards . 
  the uk is not anti-eu , it is incredibly divided precisely because it is n't anti-eu . 
   but you know what i felt when leave won ? 
  relief . 
  i do n't care how you felt . 
  this referendum was not about you , and neither is brexit . 
  how about instead of gloating , you look at your own country , where the same hateful rhetoric , misleading lies and deception are being used to encourage negative views of the eu , just like they did in the uk . 
  we are not the exception here . 
  the uk is not the only place where people are being sold false promises . 
  it 's happening in the netherlands as well . 
  if you ca n't recognise it on your own doorstep , you have no right to be judging it in other countries . 
  edit : to clarify , i voted remain and want the uk to stay in the eu . 
  i just think it 's wrong to single out the uk as especially anti-eu compared to any other country , when it is n't . 
   you disrespect them by trying to write off their reasons because it does n't support your point of view . 
  he 's right though . 
  most of the problems blamed on the eu are not , in fact , caused by the eu . 
  the irony here is that the working class is going to suffer from a weak british economy more than literally anyone else . 
  yes , but before , they were speculating , so it was easy for leave supporters to dismiss them . 
  now those economists are being proven right . 
  not true . 
  leave voters were constantly told that brexit would improve the economy . 
  `` we 'll have new trade deals '' and `` we 'll get # 350 million more each week '' , etc , etc. 
  none of those ` more important things ' are resolved by leaving the eu . 
  - immigration will continue regardless , and in fact , points based systems usually result in higher immigration . 
  - the laws we get from london are just as detached from the public as the laws we get from brussels , if not more so , because at least brussels does n't want to crawl up america 's arse at every opportunity . 
  - turkey probably was n't going to join the eu , so that concern is moot . 
  - the money we pay to brussels each year has already been dwarfed by the losses to our economy since the referendum . 
  - we were already sovereign and independent , and assuming that we 're some more sovereign after leaving the eu is nebulous . 
  all of the points people use to justify leaving are easily made invalid . 
  so what are those more important things , exactly ? 
  if brexit will hurt the economy , and we all openly acknowledge it , then do n't fucking do it . 
  you can be reasonably forgiven for changing course now that we have a solid idea of what will happen upon leaving , which we never had before the vote . 
  i 'm sure this would be a really impactful post if i knew anything about dollars . 
  i 'm on the british invented world wide web , on a japanese invented computer . 
  you realize that the ` america spreading freedom ' thing has only been said in sarcasm for decades now , right ? 
  no realistic person genuinely believes the us spreads freedom . 
  the four additional countries seem rather arbitrary . 
  they did n't pick the countries based on what is meaningful at all . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd agree that those countries are especially meaningful . 
  with such a small sample , it 's hard to draw any conclusions . 
  why did they only survey people on fourteen random countries ? 
  in the uk , ` asian ' usually refers to south asians ( indians , pakistanis , bangladeshis . ) . 
  east asian refers to chinese , japanese and korean people . 
  so it 's true that when brits talk about ` asians ' , they 're usually either talking about hindus , muslims or sikhs . 
  to be honest , i 'm still really surprised the us is # 1 in the uk . 
  public opinion here on the us seems to be far lower than it is on countries like australia , canada or new zealand . 
  i 'm from the uk , and i can confirm that propaganda has definitely encouraged negative views of turkish people here . 
  i 'm surprised americans are so high up . 
  i personally would hate to see a burqa ban . 
  people should be encouraged through education and socialisation to disregard burqas on their own . 
  they should not be forced . 
  why would it matter how many americans know where another country is ? 
  you are entirely irrelevant here . 
  i never said they were my accomplishments . 
  i said they were the accomplishments of eu countries . 
  i doubt any current events are what the service based economy of the uk wants . 
  but a permanent state of uncertainty is better for the economy than a full brexit . 
  there would have to be an inciting event for there to be a backlash . 
  maintaining the current state of affairs ( planning to leave but not actually doing it ) could potentially go on forever . 
  for now ... 
  do n't count your chickens ... 
  hopefully we will .
