  was the wolf trapped in a well , by any chance ? 
   boris johnson visited us . 
  thank you for watching him for us . 
  theresa 's had to visit china , and it was * impossible * to find a child minder on short notice . 
  very kind of you to make sure our dear boris did n't destroy any countries in the meantime . 
  he can say the silliest things . 
  i do hope you did n't let him near any of your knives . 
   isis has been cleared from border , with only several casualties from turkey . 
  it 's so good to hear some good news coming out of turkey . 
  i 'm not sure what it 's like as a citizen there , but based on the news of the last few months , it sounds grim . 
  i 'm boiling to death here in the uk . 
  i do n't understand how people in mediterranean do n't just melt . 
  the music made that so much better . 
  could you please support that claim with statistics ? 
  i do not approve of all of the british military 's actions , especially in iraq , but comparing them to isis seems like a flagrant exaggeration . 
  you 're assuming that all of that 45 % would be willing to bomb children . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  it would probably be a tiny minority of scots who would be condemned by most other scots . 
   it was a war , people die in wars . 
  that explains why it happened , it does n't justify it . 
   the provos were actually quite conscious of making sure there were n't many civilian casualties as that graph shows us , they evidently were n't conscious enough . 
   the tories still fantasize about britain 's greatness , they gave that referendum because they had too . 
  you 're determined to see the worst in everything unless it involves the ira , are n't you ? 
  it 's not that terrorism is the norm and that we have to accept new ones as normal , and more that no terrorist group lasts forever . 
  this graph shows me that isis 's atrocities will end and that we will keep going afterwards . 
  we do not need to treat isis like they are destroying us , our culture or our society when they wo n't succeed . 
  because no one else has . 
  i personally think that 's a positive message . 
  i also want trump to abandon europe . 
  i think we can agree that both sides did things that were unforgivable , and both sides had innocent people who died to forward the aims of the other . 
  there 's no need to argue over it . 
  there would be unrest if scotland was denied a vote , but they would not be bombing innocent people over it . 
  as we saw , most did not actually want independence . 
   that 's police negligence in not clearing the area . 
  `` oh , that bomb i left in the middle of the road killed some children ? 
  not my fault , it 's the fault of the person who failed to disarm it . '', 
  do n't be absurd . 
   scotland got their referendum because the uk did n't want another ira situation on their hands . 
  or maybe it was an exercise in modern democracy . 
  obviously there are more differences than similarities , but the ira killed plenty of people and so do isis . 
  that is a big enough similarity to talk about . 
  i 'm not saying the uk is bad . 
  i 'm just saying that surely france is equally good , so there would be no reason for migrants to end up in calais jungle just to get to the uk when they could easily just apply for refugee status in france . 
  that 's not the case . 
  in most documentaries where reporters ask migrants where they wanted most to live , it was always either germany , sweden , uk and sometimes france . 
  none of them ever said america . 
  why do migrants want to from france to the uk so badly ? 
  is france really so bad ? 
  most of the ` youthful british ' would probably support an eu army . 
  it 's the old fuckers who write the articles . 
  this man is obviously a piece of utter shit , but the punishment seems like an unnecessary cost on the tax payers . 
  could n't you just put him on house arrest and prevent him from getting a phone or internet connection or from receiving visitors , then give him some unpleasant , mandatory job ? 
  it would prevent him from being able to preach and would also save taxpayers a lot of cash . 
  i would rather not have to pay for this man to eat and sleep in our already overcrowded prison system when a cheaper punishment would be equally effective . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure they can find something else for ireland 's three whole soldiers to do . 
  tfw you want to be a victim but your country 's police are too good so you just make shit up . 
  is it called chiraq because it 's filled with violent americans killing civilians ? 
  for a country of 64 million people , that 's incredible . 
  seriously . 
  the british police have their issues , i would never deny that , but they 're not killing black people on a daily , weekly , monthly or even yearly basis . 
  blm has no place in the uk . 
  the bma failed to prevent the nhs being created . 
  let 's hope they succeed in preventing it being destroyed . 
  i fully expect the economy to continue to improve in the coming months ... but i do n't think anyone can confidently say what 's going to happen with the economy after article 50 is enacted . 
  i personally am not optimistic , but then , i voted remain . 
  the uk still has its overseas territories , which are colonies in all but name , so it 's technically still an empire . 
  when did we srop ? 
  it still technically applies . 
  prejudice towards polish people, 
  right ... 
   by playing on the strong anti eu sentiments yes , but those strong anti eu sentiments are existent in multiple european countries ... which brings us back to the original disagreement . 
  the only difference between the uk and france or germany or italy or greece in this respect is that the leader of the largest party in the country offered a referendum . 
  if he had n't , we would n't be having a referendum . 
  similarly , there are popular parties in multiple european countries proposing referendums of their own . 
  and if the only thing you can do is insult my `` logic tm '' instead of debate it that does n't say much about your own . 
   when you say those with anti eu sentiments ( or disagreements ) probably want to leave it 's probably also concludable that the country that has already has had a referendum has very strong if not the strongest anti eu sentiments/disagreements . 
  no , it 's only concludable that david cameron really wanted to be reelected . 
  why would you use the referendum to compare countries when only one country has had a referendum ? 
  surveys are the only tools we have to directly compare public opinion across countries . 
  it 's absolutely disgusting , and it 's just the continuation of a long problem . 
  everyone blames everything on immigrants rather than the government which is actually the cause . 
  the core of this debate was n't even that surveys are more representative than a referendum . 
  it was that i do not think the uk is any more anti-eu than multiple other countries , whereas you and others do . 
   well i guess after you where throwing around millions of voters to make your point about how non representative the uk vote was i did n't throw around anything . 
  i pointed out numerous issues with the referendum , making it unrepresentative , and used that as a reason to dismiss it . 
   the rest is just mentioning people who legally were n't allowed to vote ( completly different discussion ) . 
  not really . 
  people who are unable to vote are still part of the country , and their opinions matter . 
  if a vote 's result is changed directly because those people were unrepresentative , then the vote must be questioned . 
   the further arguments are just ludicrous because you do n't get to just not vote because you think !, 
  ( or worse , are told like a child ) you 'll win . 
  no need to tell me that - i voted . 
  but many remain supporters did not , and for that specific reason . 
  your opinion on that reason is irrelevant . 
  it 's really unsettling how much you can openly dismiss facts and twist interpretations in order to support your own opinion . 
  logic is meaningless to you , is n't it ? 
  the survey might not have as large a sample , but it is probably more representative . 
  the referendum was surrounded by huge issues such as not including under 18s , or immigrants who live and work in the uk . 
  and even of people who were able to vote , a higher percentage of leave supporters were represented . 
  this is because leave supporters were told their participation would be absolutely needed , whereas remain supporters were told that they would win by a landslide , implying that their vote was not necessary .
