  i 've never once seen a ramadan section, 
  in the uk we have a lot of indian , french , german , italian , and chinese food scattered around shops . 
  most supermarkets have an isle for foreign food which will include mexican , polish , thai , as well as more italian , etc. 
  there might be a few things from korea , japan , vietnam , etc , but those are not especially prominent . 
  there will be a few american snacks in the junk food section . 
  malta is an obvious choice . 
  probably malta . 
  it used to be a colony , there are loads of brits living there , and we have very good relations . 
  if the star was white , it would be good . 
  the orange star over red and yellow clashes . 
  it 's okay . 
  a bit crowded . 
  i think that people overrate it . 
  the colours are good ( though since it 's based on my flag 's colours , i 'm obviously biased there ) . 
  i think it would probably be nicer with fewer stars . 
  do n't forget the red-breasted robin , which is n't as popular an animal but is much better imo . 
  plus it actually exists , and lives here . 
  the lion is traditionally associated with england , but i prefer the red-breasted robin, 
   if both vote in there is nothing the rest of the uk can do about it . 
  well ... there is . 
  they can just say ` nah northern ireland is not becoming independent ' . 
  a country is not physically compelled to honour its agreements . 
  of course , they would have to deal with the fallout , which would probably involve conflict in ni . 
  but if ni voted to join ireland , it would almost guarantee violence anyway . 
  that article just says that the uk government put off a referendum because ( a ) we just had one ( b ) we 're going through brexit and that 's enough turbulence right now ( c ) there 's no indication that scotland wants another referendum . 
  nicola sturgeon being angry does not suggest that she represents the will of the scottish . 
  in fact , the snp ( scottish national party ) has been losing ground consistently recently . 
   it does , but parliament does n't let them hold a second referendum . 
  it does n't though ? 
  scotland voted against independence two years ago and most polls and surveys suggest that they would vote to stay again in another referendum . 
  in fact , evidence suggests the majority to remain in the uk would be even larger than in 2014 . 
  you realise ` being a sovereign country ' is a condition , right ? 
  the scottish do n't want that and the catalonians are being kept from it . 
  this sub seems to like the idea of scottish independence more than the actual scots do . 
  so you think that scotland would ( a ) decide it wants to leave the uk , ( b ) hold a referendum , ( c ) disentangle itself from the uk , ( d ) recover from the economic catastrophe that is leaving the uk , to the point where they fulfil eu application requirements , ( e ) apply to join the eu , ( f ) complete all the steps of joining the eu , and ( g ) join the eu , when many countries are already working on stage f ? 
  i expect the uk to remain in one piece for the foreseeable future , as much as people on this sub lust after the idea of the country breaking up . 
  if ni wanted to break away , which it does not , it technically would n't join the eu , it would join ireland . 
  and if scotland wanted to break away , which it does not , it would have to start the application process from the beginning , whereas many other countries are already part way through and would presumably finish before it . 
  in the uk , that gesture is only rude when your palm faces your chest . 
  when your palm faces outward , it means two or ` peace ', 
  i 'm in italy on holiday as i speak . 
  yes , they do . 
  not all of them , but many . 
  so many pubs claim to be the oldest . 
  there 's one in every town ( including mine ) . 
  it must have been amazing to live through that boom . 
   how old are the oldest traces of settlement ? 
  my home town , shrewsbury , was ( it is believed ) founded in the 5th century , so ~ 1600 years . 
   does your city have an ancient meeting place/tree ? 
  well ... 
  the oldest building we have is an [ abbey from 1083 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/07/shrewsbury_abbey_exterior%2c_shropshire%2c_uk_-_diliff.jpg/1024px-shrewsbury_abbey_exterior%2c_shropshire%2c_uk_-_diliff.jpg ) , so does that count ? 
  [ we also have a castle from 1067 . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/36/shrewsbury_schloss.jpg ) and there 's a pub called the [ dun cow ] ( http://pubsandbeer.co.uk/picts/6282a.jpeg ) , which was built to house the people who built the abbey . 
  so presumably it 's older . 
  it 's actually quite cool geographically . 
  [ because the city was founded on top of a huge hill , which is looped by a river ] ( http://www.antiquemapsandprints.com/ekmps/shops/richben90/images/shrops-shrewsbury-town-plan-1924-map-57412-p.jpg ) , the town was effectively a natural fortress . 
  there 's a big castle which plugs the gap in the loop , and walls all around the town , and for most of history , there were only two bridges . 
  the one on the left , ` welsh bridge ' , led to wales and the one on the right , ` english bridge ' led to england . 
  the town was a meeting point for the english and welsh economies . 
  as a town is near historic borders , it has been traded a lot throughout history . 
  first the romans had it , then powys , then the mercians , then wessex , then england , then wales , then england , then wales . 
  then england , and the welsh guy who kept taking it ( the last free welsh ruler of wales ) was hanged , drawn and quartered in the town square . 
  it was a royalist stronghold during the civil war and fell to parliament forces when they were let in during the night by a traitor ( through what is now known as ` traitor 's gate ' ) . 
  we almost had our own university , which at the time would have been the third in england , but did n't have the cash . 
  not much happened after that . 
  we had the first iron-framed building , which led to the first skyscrapers , and charles darwin is from here . 
  citizenship comes later . 
  first you should look at moving somewhere in europe and settling down there . 
  a few years down the line , apply for naturalisation . 
  ties with america are controversial but we 're not an overt political issue until recently . 
  most of the parties have a very pro us policy , except for one fringe party ( greens ) . 
  and the acting government as well as our print media ( much of which is owned by americans - rupert murdoch owns fox news and the daily mail ) are all very pro-us . 
  so if you 're critical of the us , despite it being a majority opinion , it 's not really given any notice . 
  of course , it became a mainstream thing to be critical of the us when trump got elected , and the benefits and drawbacks of the special relationship have been widely discussed much like they were after the iraq war . 
  but as we are leaving the eu , we kinda need the us for a trade deal . 
  so most of the u.k. has a ` put up with it because we need them ' kind of mentality . 
  if we were not leaving the eu i would be expecting much more tension in the us uk relationship right now . 
  that said , there are many in the uk who love the us . 
  i do n't mean to ignore those people . 
  but it does seem like that percentage is shrinking with trump in office . 
  there are a huge number of us businesses in the uk . 
  us billionaires and companies have lots of friends in the british government , and there are lots of big american banks who have their european hqs in london . 
  for example , a large amount of the reason the government wants to privatise the nhs is that american companies want to sweep in and buy everything up . 
  and there was the recent story of a us billionaire pouring enormous amounts of money into the pro-brexit campaign . 
  the british government is often eager to follow the us into things which are n't popular with the british people . 
  for example , the iraq war was overwhelmingly reviled in the uk but we were dragged into it by blair because he wanted to follow bush . 
  the two new british aircraft carriers , meant to symbolise the uk 's independent power , are going to carry large american forces because the us wanted it . 
  on top of that , there are six us military bases in the uk . 
   we do n't even have daily conversations about your politics , most of us do n't even know who the fuck your prime minister is . 
  honestly you brits could elect a piece of shit worse than trump and you would n't hear a peep from us across the pond . 
  i do n't think we even make protests of other nation 's leaders like you fucking foreigners do !, 
  all your really saying is that americans are politically ignorant of world affairs . 
  i 'm not talking about the average american influencing the uk . 
  i 'm talking about american businesses , banks , corporations , billionaires and politicians influencing the uk . 
  as am i. 
  but british people who frequent such subreddits as / r/askeurope might be more aware of what 's going on in europe than the average british person . 
  the us has a very big and very unpopular level of influence in the politics of the uk . 
  he 's like a really angry umpa lumpa who perpetually teeters along the border between funny-shit and scary-shit . 
  i love the shitty twitter rants - less fond of the corruption . 
  he 's viewed negatively by most people in this country , i believe .
