of course they 're not following the nnpt . 
  because it arbitrarily says that ` these countries can have nuclear weapons but no one else can , because we said so ' . 
  most non nuclear countries signed that because they had nothing to lose from doing so , but could gain support from nuclear countries . 
  but why would a nuclear country , which the nnpt considers to be in breach , sign ? 
  it 's not ridiculous to try to limit the number of nuclear weapons . 
  it 's ridiculous to say that * these * arbitrary countries can be trusted with nukes , but * these * ones ca n't . 
  because of the laws regarding them . 
  at some point , a few countries signed an agreement saying `` okay , we can have nukes but no one else can '' and suddenly it 's against international law for india to have nukes . 
  it 's a ridiculous law . 
  saying that nukes are illegal or legal is silly . 
  it 's nice to no longer be the laughing stock of the western world . 
  i did n't think they 'd be able to one up brexit , but they did . 
  now we can return to the status quo of looking down on americans with disdain . 
  what about uk/ireland ? 
  i can only hope america will slip into irrelevancy quickly and painlessly . 
  china is not perfect by any stretch of the imagination , but they believe in climate change and they are a huge investor in green energy . 
  i can only hope that we stand together in opposition to the ignorance and hatred pouring out of america . 
  we hate you too < 3, 
  they were also tied into the world economy in 2008 , but grew while the us slumped . 
   no one in the world aside from you thinks this . 
  that 's blatantly untrue and you know it  1999 , samuel p. huntington wrote , `` the united states , of course , is the sole state with preeminence in every domain of power -- economic , military , diplomatic , ideological , technological , and cultural -- with the reach and capabilities to promote its interests in virtually every part of the world . 
  so because 17 years ago , an american political scientist claimed that america is unparalleled in all respects , that makes it true today ? 
  i do n't think it does . 
  hell , i do n't think america was ever the sole state of preeminence in culture or ideology , as he claimed . 
  yes ... it is . 
  or at least , last time i checked . 
  you 're the first person i 've seen in a long while who has said it 's not . 
   i do n't think they 'll be so inclined if the us were to concede it 's current position of sole superpower . 
  surely china does n't need to be the only superpower in order to become interventionist . 
  the us is n't the only power and it 's incredibly interventionist . 
  russia was never the only superpower and it 's been incredibly interventionist . 
  if china wanted to become an interventionist country , i think they would have done it by now . 
   they have been pushing for territorial gain in tibet and the south china sea that 's quite understandable . 
  when you consider that ( a ) the south china sea is the busiest waterway in the world , ( b ) it 's within china 's sphere of influence , and ( c ) [ they are encircled ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/6kmeoxuvcwfjsiore_4axpexc1nxsfyubuj-esq0mty.png?w=1024&amp;s=9cecaff29e3df474746f9707f0ecbb27 ) by the allies of a competing superpower , their intentions seem a lot less malevolent . 
   massively increasing their economic soft power by making others dependent on them that 's not interventionist , that 's just what economic superpowers do . 
   i think they are just biding their time until the inevitable trump-like figure comes along . 
  if there 's one advantage of the corrupt one-party government china currently has , it 's that trump figures are impossible . 
   and they really can not project power ... ... they have no foreign military bases nor a nato-like alliance to back them up . 
  exactly . 
  that 's why i ca n't wait for them to become the dominant superpower . 
   despite their flaws america is still the best country i could imagine for the position of superpower . 
  really ? 
  not norway , netherlands , iceland , sweden , australia , new zealand , france , germany , japan , uruguay , canada ? 
  not any of those ? 
  if that 's the worst intervention they 're doing , then thank you for proving my point . 
  britain spent a huge amount of its national budget buying back the slaves of slave owners in order to prevent them from coming aggressive over lost investments . 
  i think they handled it very well and probably would have abolished it in the us , earlier than they did , and without conflict . 
  but it 's all speculation anyway . 
  why are you even in this subreddit ? 
  just to start arguments with people about foods from their countries , insult them , claim the victim card , and spout passive aggressive jokes ? 
  go back to any of the dozens of america-dominated subreddits . 
  super boring is what you want from a world leading tv show , surely . 
  i never claimed to objectively know best . 
  your opinion is as valid as mine , though as an american , you 're open to a lot more bias regarding how benevolent america has been since ww2 . 
  i know wikipedia is often wrong , but [ it says here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abolition_of_slavery_timeline ) `` 1807 , 25 march : abolition of the slave trade act abolishes slave trading in british empire . 
  captains fined # 120 per slave transported . '', 
  as well as `` 1811 : slave trading made a felony in the british empire , punishable by transportation for british subjects and foreigners . '', 
  and `` 1834 : the british slavery abolition act comes into force , abolishing slavery throughout most of the british empire . '', 
  so i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  plus britain was at the forefront of abolition , pushing anti-slavery deals with portugal , spain , netherlands , sweden , brazil , denmark , france , venezuela , russia , prussia , austria , uruguay , mexico , chile , bolivia , and muscat , all before 1850 . 
  the world anti slavery convention began in london in 1840 , decades before the us outlawed slavery . 
  i 'm not sure where you got the information that we did n't outlaw slavery until 1843 . 
  you just called me a jerk . 
  how is that a joke ? 
  mate . 
  it 's an opinion shared by many , and supported by a lot of evidence . 
  you 're the one who claims to have perfected another country 's food . 
  that takes arrogance . 
  the tibetan annexation was obviously bad , but it is one of very few interventions by china in recent history compared to a huge number of american interventions , and the scale and destruction of it was nothing compared to most of the us 's interventions . 
  there 's really no comparison . 
   they ca n't really afford to project power outside of their immediate surroundings the third strongest , and fastest growing military in the world ca n't afford to project power ? 
  is that a joke ? 
  even now , when china is considered to be a superpower by most , it 's notable for how non-interventionist it is . 
  basically , yes . 
  if you take the us out of nato , you still have nato , but it loses a lot of its power . 
  if you take the eu out of nato , you still have nato , but it does n't have a point . 
  according to you and no one else . 
  the good america has done since ww2 does not come close to wiping out the bad . 
  yes !, 
  go away trump !, 
  it 's quite weird that the best candidate for europe is the one most heavily opposed to everything europeans value . 
  i just vomited a bit in my mouth . 
  i 'd rather have both countries fade into irrelevancy and see the rise of china which , while imperfect , is less interventionist than either russia or the us . 
  we can only hope . 
  whether the uk is at a safe distance depends more on theresa may than either hillary or trump . 
  on a subreddit with the explicit purpose of - not - being about america . 
   like it or not the usa is the worlds policeman no they 're not . 
  they 're an interventionist vigilante with no accountability . 
   goodbye world trade - you thought the crash of 2008 was bad !, 
  as long as china survives , the global economy will survive . 
  no it 's not . 
  when you look at all of the destruction the us has caused in the last century , it 's perfectly reasonable to want its international reach crippled by infighting . 
  i do n't want to come across as rude or anything , but quite frankly , america has been a bit of a blight to the rest of the world since ww2 . 
  seriously though the queen would make a great president . 
  at least , if the crown is anything to go by . 
  well they have some very big ` american history ' museums and not a whole lot of american history to fill them with , so i 'm sure one of those hats will earn a place . 
  there are 8x as many pro-europe people in the uk as there are in scotland . 
  just putting that out there . 
  he 'll just say it 's rigged and try to stir up unrest . 
  trump could n't dissolve nato even if he wanted to .
