  that does n't change the fact that if someone wants to attack london , they 're going to need to jump through more hoops than most other european cities . 
  i do n't know enough about moscow to debate that point , but i assumed it would be safer since it 's very distant from most western european countries , which are the ones that terrorists like to target . 
  there are n't any safe cities in europe , but some are safer than others . 
  if you think it 's just as easy to get weapons ( or terrorists ) into london as it is to get them into paris or berlin or amsterdam , you 're wrong . 
  homemade weapons are possible , but much less effective . 
  you 're perfectly correct , terrorist attacks can happen there , but they 're probably less likely . 
  well it 's hard to sneak weapons into london because it 's an island with very few guns . 
  it 's hard to sneak them into moscow because of pure distance from anything else . 
  moscow is n't as accessible as paris . 
  for those reasons , people are more likely to target other cities in europe . 
  i 've repeatedly said that i think it 's a good thing that france 's allies are supporting it . 
  i have nothing against large scale responses , i think they 're good . 
  his response would 've been okay if it came a few hours after it did . 
  i personally thought it was a little premature and counterproductive . 
  but that 's subjective . 
  it 's perfectly fine that others have disagreed with me . 
  i only said i was unhappy with his speech . 
  i went into detail because that 's how debates work . 
  neither darji8114 nor myself actually disagree on our interpretations of the speeches . 
  we just disagreed on whether they were good . 
  i do n't see why you 're treating this like some violent argument that i 'm inciting like a crazed conspiracy theorist . 
  i 'm not . 
  i criticised obama 's speech , someone disagreed with me , and we had a conversation . 
  there is literally no advantage to suggesting military action while an attack is still happening and you do n't know the culprit . 
  all it does is , as i 've said multiple times , make the hysteria worse . 
  particularly in america , which is a very gun-ho country . 
  merkel tried to calm down the chaos instead of fuel it . 
  there 's nothing important for a foreign government to say while an attack is going on . 
  they can/should only send their condolences and try to stop the situation from escalating . 
  that 's the opposite of what obama did . 
  i 'm not sure what enormous revelations you 're expecting from foreign governments . 
  they should be reacting to the actions of their ally when a terrorist attack is taking place , not dictating their ally . 
  i 'm sure you 'll see some promise from merkel in the near future , to pledge support for france in dealing with the culprits . 
  and making that declaration after the smoke has cleared is better in every way . 
  sorry , i did n't realize . 
  and the double comment was a glitch . 
  there was no reason for him to start making independent threats while a hostage situation was still going on . 
  and at that time , no one knew that the terrorists were working on behalf of isis . 
  as i said , a suggestion of response should be detailed after the conflict has passed , which hollande did . 
  and the threats should have followed up hollande , not preceded him . 
  we can keep debating all night long if you like , but neither of us are going to budge . 
  i was saying why i thought obama 's speech was inappropriate and crass . 
  in contrast to the speeches of many european leaders , who handled the situation incredibly well , obama acted rashly and made the situation worse . 
  that speech from hollande came after the conflict had passed , at an appropriate time . 
  obama 's came while the hostage situations were still taking place !, 
  plus , as i said , france should have the right to the the lead in detailing their response to the attacj . 
  obama was endorsing immediate military responses before hollande had said anything of the sort , and i think it only made the panic worse . 
  when the attacks are in the process , governments should try to calm down the public . 
  they should wait to talk about military responses until the immediate danger has passed . 
  i appreciated the european speeches because they prioritized sympathy and calm responses while the hysteria calmed down . 
  from obama 's speech , i got the feeling he was trying to justify military action on the us 's behalf , and not simply helping france . 
  like how he repeatedly related it to 9/11 and claimed it was an attack on humanity and not an attack on france . 
  it makes me think he 's trying to turn it into an attack on america , or at least draw as many connections as possible , which suggests he 's planning something that will necessitate those connections . 
  he also focused far too much on immediate military response and too little on calm and sympathies . 
  it 's too easy to make rash and hasty decisions right after an attack , that end up making things worse . 
  take large scale military action , by all means . 
  but not yet . 
  and let france take the lead . 
  this really is n't a good line of conversation to be taking . 
  london and moscow are in much better positions to avoid an attack , strategically . 
  if anyone in those cities is reading this , the chance of attacks in london or moscow is lower than most mainland european cities . 
  the right wing parties of france ( and europe in general ) have been spiking rapidly over the recent year . 
  and yes , this will give them a huge rise in popularity , and i think that 's going to be shown in all the surrounding countries . 
  terrorism is n't something that will stop happening , ever . 
  it 's very important not to make decisions before the hysteria has settled . 
  the next moves for europe are going to be defining , and they ca n't rush ahead in an atmosphere of panic and anger . 
  otherwise , things will only get worse . 
  i never realized it was that high . 
  it 's a good reason to be very careful about it , and not simply open the floodgates . 
  taking refugees is good , as long as the occupant country knows who they are and that they 're safe , both in themselves and towards others . 
  it 's good to see solidarity from so many foreign governments , expressing their sympathies . 
  though i 'm a bit unhappy with obama 's speech , the other european leaders have taken a very good approach to calming the storm . 
  it 's not as if they do n't check the blood they take, 
   and it would still be the united kingdom . 
  in name only . 
   if cornwall were to secede , would scotland be hugely affected ? 
  yes . 
   good conversation then ... 
  sorry to break it to you , but your national history is not something that is taught in schools beyond your borders . 
  why on earth would i know ? 
   do you not get the concept ? 
  i do , but i 'm not sure you do . 
   right is unalienable . 
  it is their right to their determination !, 
  but you just said that the rest of the uk should not have the right to self determination . 
   first of all you just said they are seeking for cooperation . 
  yes . 
  we 're talking about the hypothetical situation in which they leave without seeking cooperation . 
  keep up . 
   first of all you just said they are seeking for cooperation . 
  it 's also a dick move to secede illegally from a country because going through legal processes is inconvenient . 
   the world would definitely organize a shitstorm on the uk for and would for a long time resent the chauvinistic englanders i think the world would probably be on the side of the uk . 
   you absolutely should not get any say on the matter . 
  why should n't the rest of the uk have the right to self determination ? 
  you 're such a chauvinist . 
   it is not your right , it is theirs and theirs alone !, 
  why should scotland get to decide the actions of other countries ? 
   you have no idea how chauvinistic you are , right ?? 
  no i 'm not . 
   why do you even think they are not seeking cooperation with the rest of the country ?
