  they are seeking cooperation with the rest of the country . 
   erm , no . 
  the cornish person would keep living in the united kingdom and the united kingdom is going to be hugely affected . 
  it would effectively be a different country , in practice if not in name . 
   so basically we should n't have gotten independence because the blokes in vladivostok i do n't know what vladivostok is . 
   right to self determination !!!, 
  you are suggesting that the people in the rest of the uk should not have the right to self determination , because you are suggesting that the rest of the uk should support and help when part of the country secedes without seeking the cooperation of the uk . 
  and you do n't think that anyone in the rest of the uk should have any say on the matter . 
  how do you people not get such simple concepts ? 
  sure . 
  but the flag has a coat of arms . 
  and with the coat of arms , it 's ugly as sin . 
  two main factors . 
  ( a ) i am now an adult ( b ) i am now in university , which means that i get three instalments of a maintenance loan a year , and i have a lot of time off . 
  i find some irish accents quite nice and some very grating . 
  it really depends on how harsh the accent sounds . 
  i found the dwarf and qunari accents quite annoying , but i absolutely loved josephine 's accent . 
  i could listen to her speak all day long . 
  i really do n't like american accents . 
  they sound very unpleasant to me . 
  i rank them down at the bottom of the list , just above the brummie accent . 
  one instance which really annoys me is in the game dishonored . 
  the world in this game is based very strongly on victorian london ... but everyone has an american accent . 
  this is my favourite game , but that one aspect annoys me to no end . 
  i think those stereotypes apply less to british people overall and more to a specific sector of british society . 
  we really do like tea and talking about the weather . 
  not as much as the people at / r/britishproblems like to pretend , but it 's still a mostly true stereotype . 
  switzerland has some very interesting and beautiful cities . 
  some of the most beautiful in europe , actually . 
  it just depends what you 're into . 
  though they are overly clean and ridiculously priced . 
  the uk ( where i live ) germany ( but only as a stop off between other places , so i do n't tend to count it ) netherlands ( but i only went to a shit bit where my relatives live , so i do n't consider myself to have properly seen the netherlands ) malta ( but i was young and never left our hotel except to go in the sea , so i have n't properly experienced the the country ) spain ( menorca , but i was 6 at the time so i do n't tend to count it ) italy ( florence and rome ) czech republic ( prague ) austria ( vienna ) slovakia ( bratislava ) hungary ( budapest ) serbia ( belgrade ) bulgaria ( sofia ) greece ( athens and aegina ) albania ( gjirokaster and tirana ) montenegro ( kotor and perast ) croatia ( dubrovnik and zagreb ) bosnia ( but only in transit ) slovenia ( ljubljana and bled ) funnily enough , before 2017 , i had visited just the first 5 in this list . 
  in 2017 alone , i have visited the latter 13 countries . 
  so i have multiplied the number of countries i have visited by 4 in one year . 
  to be fair , our food is genuinely worse than french and italian food . 
  but compared to much of the world , such as scandinavia , north africa , and north america , our food is great . 
  the general view here is that you do better lager but we do better ale . 
  does the english flag count ? 
  it 's not the uk flag . 
  new york upholding america 's tradition of absolutely hideous flags . 
  it 's a moral issue . 
  executing a murderer makes you no worse than the criminal . 
  you can never be sure . 
  many executed criminals have been proven innocent over time . 
  many criminals , even severe ones , can be rehabilitated . 
  death is easier than a life in prison . 
  often the worst criminals do n't deserve the luxury of an immediate death . 
  that you 're all incredibly wealthy , gorgeous , perfect , viking-blooded badasses . 
  the only area i can think of where people do n't talk about norwegians with adoration is the food , but that stereotype tends to be applied across scandinavia . 
  most of the stereotypes i can think of about norwegians are pretty positive . 
  what do you mean you do n't all wear clogs all the time ? 
  beautiful . 
  an italian person could call me all sorts of disgusting things and i 'd think they sounded ever so melodic . 
  yes ... 
  i see ... 
  if i want adventure , i 'll go to pontins . 
  it 's a double edged sword . 
  if they negotiate , then that will cause more hostages to be taken . 
  if they do n't negotiate , hostages end up killed . 
  if you ca n't find decent ale in germany , you 're not looking . 
  but that 's not quite as catchy . 
  if you have to be brave with cheese , someone somewhere has done something terrible wrong . 
  i 'm not very adventurous , honestly . 
  95 % of the cheese i eat is either cheddar , mozzarella or parmesan . 
  and the only cheese i tend to buy in packets is cheddar . 
  but to be fair , a strong cathedral city is a wonderful thing . 
  i 'd go with czechia purely for the day trip potential . 
  you 're so humble . 
  i 've always thought that italian is the nicest sounding language . 
  our bread gets the job done . 
  but it 's nothing special . 
  our cheese and beer is also good , though germany gets more attention for theirs . 
  our music , our beer , our cheese , our pies and pastries , our humour , our castles , and our history . 
  out of curiosity , where are you originally from ? 
  why not start today ? 
  ` like sex in a canoe ' is a common comparison . 
  i think in both countries , it depends very much on area . 
  someone in the south east of england will probably have the same opportunities as someone in the ruhr valley . 
  someone in mecklenburg-vorpommern will probably have the same opportunities as someone in wales . 
  curry is the most popular thing here . 
  we have the largest south asian population outside of asia , and that has had a huge effect . 
  the most popular dish in the uk is chicken tikka masala ( which was invented in the uk but is based on indian cuisine ) . 
  yes but we do n't call it west asia , which leaves that name available for the turkey/armenia/georgia / azerbaijan region, 
  probably some kind of curry ? 
  do you ? 
  really ? 
  i 've always head that wages are better in germany . 
  wait , when does the press say that continental europe do n't have issues ? 
  the countries which often get snow do n't have issues . 
  but in places like spain , they handle it just as bad as we do . 
  i do n't see that as classism . 
  because while most chavs are working class , most working class are not chavs . 
  if anything , the working class dislike chavs more than anyone else , partly because we 're the ones most affected by delinquency , and partly because the rest of the working class gets painted with the same brush as the chavs . 
  there 's a big divide between london and the rest of the uk . 
  it affects a lot of issues within the country . 
  most foreigners do n't notice because they mostly only visit london . 
  if they do visit somewhere else , they 're not visiting the places where that divide is most strongly felt . 
  i would group them with central asia rather than eastern europe . 
  but there are grey lines , such as with eurovision . 
  they could make it very difficult though .
