  their actions effectively caused the current syrian war . 
  also , what is with all of these arbitrary time parameters ? 
  why should n't we count anything before the end of the cold war ? 
  and do n't just dismiss the iraq war like that . 
  it 's a pretty big deal . 
  2003-2017 seems a very arbitrary time period . 
  generally people go with ` since the end of the second world war ' . 
  in which case , the us has started loads of wars , undermined multiple governments , performed coups of democratic governments in order to impose dictators , destabilised countries and continents , killed hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians , and participated in numerous proxy wars . 
  sanctioning the us would absolutely hurt them . 
  but it would also hurt us . 
  people use the word ` warmongering ' to refer to a country which causes lots of wars . 
  it should sanction the us . 
  thanks for the recommendation !, 
  it probably had a lot to do with the company i was in - the people at my hostel were really lovely . 
  one guy in the hostel took us on a road trip down to a hidden , crystal clear stream with huge rocks for diving , and blue pools ( which were freezing cold ) . 
  the mountains are spectacularly beautiful , utterly jaw dropping . 
  i decided once to try and climb the mountain which gjirokaster is built against , but because it 's the side of a huge valley , the mountain would dip and then rise again , going up and up at least a thousand metres if not more . 
  and on the way , i found a camp of goat herders and said hello , and they gave me something to eat , which was nice of them . 
  the mountain is covered in loose stones , which made it really hard to climb safely , but i enjoyed it . 
  i got to the top just as the sun was setting , so i got a spectacular view . 
  i got lost on the way down and found a valley full of the skulls of animals who had fallen , and only managed to get back by following goat tracks . 
  the food is incredible as well , and really cheap . 
  gjirokaster has this delicious snack of fried rice balls , which i could n't get enough of . 
  and the raki was seriously strong . 
  three shots of it was enough to have me far more drunk than i should have been . 
  gjirokaster castle is also stunningly beautiful . 
  it costs barely anything to enter , and you can climb all over it . 
  there are tracks in the grass which lead you up over the walls and arches , to little rooms on top . 
  the castle is huge and looks out over the valley . 
  the architecture of it is really odd - though that 's consistent with the town . 
  gjirokaster has an architectural style which i have n't seen anywhere else , and it 's really nice . 
  the streets are super steep ( some were more than 45 degrees ) and they were very winding , so the city felt more like a maze at some point . 
  the people are so charming . 
  there were old women selling lace and herbs on the way up to the castle , and one woman who spoke english would spend ten minutes chatting to every tourist who passed . 
  she was really lovely . 
  the shopkeepers were friendly , the locals were helpful . 
  there was a good tourist infrastructure , with a few gift shops and restaurants , but never more than a few - i often found myself the only non-albanian person there . 
  it was lovely , and i absolutely plan to go back as soon as possible . 
  i was looking into going again . 
  i went in june , and i was actually looking into visiting again in august , but my passport ran out , so i might not be able to get a new one in time . 
  when i do go back , i think i 'd like to visit berat and ohrid , which apparently are n't far and are beautiful . 
  [ here are some of the pictures i took , to give you an idea . 
  to be fair to tirana , a lot of the problems were coincidences . 
  if i had n't been caught up in that rally or been put in a room with a streaker , i probably would have enjoyed myself far more . 
  and even so , my time in gjirokaster stands out as some of the best in my life . 
  here were my main issues with tirana - a lot of poverty , rubbish , litter , strays - i accidentally got caught up in a far-right political rally . 
  being surrounded by thousands of shouting people waving flags with trump 's face on them , all the while being deafened by absolutely ear shatteringly loud music has a way of inconveniencing you . 
  - there was an old man opposite me in my hostel who absolutely adamantly refused to wear anything whatsoever . 
  he seemed to take pride in flapping his pickle around like there 's no tomorrow . 
  and he pretended he did n't understand any english swear words . 
  i only managed to get some peace by hanging my bed sheets from the bunk above me to create a barrier between me and the creepy old man . 
  - there 's no clear bus services or stations , and i had to pay extra ( over 35 euros ) when i found a company who worked on something resembling a schedule . 
  i 've never had a seriously bad holiday . 
  but of the ones i 've had , probably tirana , albania . 
  though i should point out that the best holiday i 've ever had was also in albania , in gjirokaster . 
  i think he was referring to switzerland but said sweden by mistake, 
  i did n't experience much of a queue when i went in may but then again , i went a couple of hours before closing time . 
  i would buy the ticket when you arrive . 
  it 's very easy . 
  rome and florence . 
  a week is enough for just two . 
  i did those two in a week and loved it . 
  seriously . 
  a day in switzerland costs a week in albania, 
  north america : canada south america : argentina asia : japan europe : italy africa : morocco, 
  from hot shit to hot mess . 
  very few of them were lost . 
  most were given up willingly . 
  the dup will never stand for a hard border between gb and ni, 
  i personally think it will do the opposite, 
  in my experience , possibly bulgaria or albania . 
  really ? 
  almost everyone i spoke to in italy could speak english . 
  i should preface this by pointing out that i only spent a couple of days in each country , in belgrade and sofia respectively . 
  the trip was meant to give me a tiny taste of a variety of countries rather than go into any great depth . 
  both countries were very interesting . 
  they both felt very russian to me , mainly because they used the cyrillic alphabet . 
  the architecture in both places is a combination of imperial russian , soviet , and ottoman influences . 
  in both cases , the beautiful city centre was surrounded by quite an intimidating expanse of ugly tower blocks . 
  both of them had some absolutely incredible buildings , but felt like cities on decline . 
  sofia particularly . 
  lots of homeless people and lots of strays . 
  edit : here are some pictures from my trips to [ sofia ] ( http://imgur.com/a/rh1rt ) and [ belgrade ] ( http://imgur.com/a/rzy6c ), 
  i do n't really care one way or the other . 
  the us sanctions have a pretty tiny effect on russia 's economy so they 're not worth fussing about . 
  european sanctions are far more significant because we do so much more trade with them . 
  mainland greece is incredible , and it has a completely different feeling than the islands . 
  at times it 's almost hard to believe you 're in greece at all , because it contrasts so heavily to the image we 're fed . 
  do n't worry . 
  they did a pretty sketchy job of being neutral last time . 
  i visited most of the neighbouring countries and i ca n't say it 's nicer , but it is definitely equally as nice , and in a very different way . 
  i think if you visited it today , it 's going to be much different to if you visited it in five years time , because it seems like there 's a tourism industry which is quite rapidly growing . 
  i visited both dubrovnik and zagreb earlier this year and i have to agree that zagreb was far more interesting . 
  i visited thessaloniki , ioannina and aegina earlier this year , and none of them seemed to have especially large amounts of tourists . 
  i thought that was really surprising in the case of aegina , because you can see athens from the beach . . 
  i was travelling around europe in june , and one of my last stops was in albania . 
  and all throughout my journey , in czechia and austria and slovakia and hungary and serbia and bulgaria and greece , people would look at me like i was mad when they heard i was going alone to albania . 
  but it turned out to be one of the highlights of the trip . 
  i went to gjirokaster , which was one of the most picturesque places i 've ever visited . 
  the locals are incredibly friendly and helpful , the tourist areas are never overwhelmed , the food is great ( and so cheap ) , the architecture is completely unique , and the nature is stunning .
