  and because the tourism is existent but not too obtrusive , you can get a much better idea of local culture than you would in vienna or florence . 
  when you walk to the castle , you pass old local ladies selling lace and herbs on the wall at the side of the road . 
  one of them spoke really good english and would spend a good ten minutes chatting to every tourist who passed . 
  if you walk five minutes up the hill , which the town is built against , you can find men herding goats and horses in the hillsides . 
  you can find local children playing around in the stream that runs a few minutes from the town . 
  the ancient gjirokaster castle costs the equivalent of two euros to enter , and you 're actively encouraged to climb all over it . 
  the whole thing is covered in little paths and routes that take you up over the walls . 
  in most other european countries , that would be forbidden . 
  it 's a local town with tourists in it . 
  not a tourist destination with locals in it . 
  i would absolutely recommend anyone visit ( the stone city hostel is ten euros a night and is one of the best hostels i 've ever visited ) . 
  [ here are a few pictures ] ( http://imgur.com/a/e5qd3 ) to give people in this thread an idea of what gjirokaster is like . 
  i would say the same of albania . 
  in the uk as a whole ? 
  there 's a lot in scotland and northern ireland , but never a majority . 
  in england ? 
  not really . 
  a few londoners sometimes kick up a fuss and some people from cornwall like to pretend that everyone in cornwall wants to leave , when a vast majority of them do n't . 
  wow , that 's stunning . 
  it says ` they probably got the name from italy so i 'm going to presume they got the recipe from italy too ' . 
  and that 's not a very solid basis to me . 
  if it first appeared in an english cookery book , it 's fair to assume it first appeared in england , and is therefore english until proven otherwise . 
  the blog says that lasagna was referenced in earlier italian books , but never actually gives evidence of that . 
  plus , once again , this is someone 's blog . 
  their view is no less valid than yours or mine , so i do n't know why they 're being treated like some authority . 
  i think most of the country would lean more towards words such as ` negligent ' , ` selfish ' , ` uncaring ' , and ` bitter ' . 
  if they were lucky , it 's because the british died so that the irish did n't have to . 
  the entire point of this sub is for people to speak on behalf of their country . 
  did you forget where you were ? 
  yorkshire tea is objectively the best , but it can be a bit pricy . 
  my family goes through crazy amounts of tea , so we sometimes get more affordable stuff . 
  we in the uk would not use ` lucky ' to describe ireland 's position in ww2, 
  eventually , yes . 
  but i believe the eu has a whole host of problems it needs to sort out before any more integration should take place . 
  beautiful building, 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not aware of any jewish community in this area . 
  most of the uk 's jewish population lives in cities . 
  i have never had that experience and i 've lived in the uk my whole life . 
  and if it 's really such an issue , ask for ` loads of ice ' instead of just ` ice ', 
  in england , if you ask for ice , you will get ice . 
  it 's that simple . 
  i generally disprove of too much ice because it waters down the drink . 
  i think it 's a great argument winner when americans start disparaging other countries ' colonial pasts . 
  god save the queen by the sex pistols is obviously the best . 
  but someone like you by adele probably fits the current state of the nation better . 
  thank you < 3 on a unrelated note , i love italy enormously . 
  probably more than i love any other country . 
  the main basis for that point seems to be ` the word comes from italy ' . 
  but regardless of where the word comes from , the recipe for lasagna , as well as the recipe used in connection with the name ` lasagna ' comes first from england . 
  therefore , unless some ancient script appears which proves it originated in italy , lasagna is an english dish . 
  the fact that the word may have been borrowed from italy does not mean italy invented the dish . 
  and the fact that the version popularised today comes from italy does n't change the fact that an identical recipe appeared in england centuries earlier . 
  also , that website is n't some be-all end-all . 
  it 's someone 's blog . 
  the words ' i think ' are used a lot . 
  they are giving their opinion . 
  did you read the article you just linked ? 
  it says england invented a dish identical to lasagna , but without the tomatoes ( there were no tomatoes in europe at the time ) , hundreds of years before italy . 
  the lasagna we know of today seems to trace back to italy , but that does n't change the fact that england invented the dish first . 
  we invented lasagne , apple pie , fried chicken , and chocolate bars . 
  we also have the most breweries per capita in the world , but do not drink the most beer per capita ( that would be the czechs ), 
  it does n't try to maintain culture , though . 
  it just documents culture . 
  americans are raised to believe they live in the best country in the world , and feel superior due to things like military strength , economic power , and average wealth , whereas europeans feel superior due to things like cultural diversity , quality of life and public services . 
  so you have two large groups who both think they are better than the other . 
  alton towers , drayton manor , lego land ( all in england ), 
  i think english culture is far different in cities , especially london , to english culture provincial towns . 
  and i think a large factor in that is the influence of other countries . 
  i live in shrewsbury , which is very provincial and culturally traditional , but an hour away is birmingham , which is very different in almost every way . 
  not that i 'm aware of , here in england . 
  they do exist in other parts of the uk . 
  as a result , english culture has changed a huge amount , especially in cities , from what it used to be ( though not necessarily in a bad way ) , largely due to influences from countries such as india , pakistan and bangladesh . 
  scottish , northern irish and welsh culture has deviated a lot less from what it used to be , partially because they do n't have the same influences , and partly because they all have organisations to preserve local culture . 
  the uk shares english with ireland and malta . 
  ireland is a combination of british culture and celtic roots . 
  malta is a combination of british culture , native maltese culture , and influences from nearby countries like tunisia and italy . 
  malta is much more different to the uk than ireland . 
  england , scotland , wales , northern ireland , isles of man , the channel islands , gibraltar , bermuda , and the falklands islands all have overlapping aspects to their cultures , but are all distinct in different ways . 
  some people just want to watch the world book flights to the wrong country . 
  oh , my mistake . 
  even so , my point was that a lot of people confuse slovakia and slovenia ( that part is true ) . 
  it would exacerbate the problem to have a country called slovonia in the same area . 
  82 % equality , 78 % world , 75 % liberal , 86 % progress . 
  but everyone pronounces cymru wrong . 
  that said , cymru actually refers to the place . 
  wales means ` foreigners ' in old english . 
  so many people already confuse slovakia and slovenia that they have to meet regularly to exchange mail . 
  croatia is much easier to differentiate . 
  the us killed more people in a month earlier this year than the british police had killed in the entire 20th century . 
  most of them are fine . 
  it 's just a minority which are bad . 
  the problem is that it 's quite a large minority . 
  and they all have guns , so when they are bad , it can have very severe consequences . 
  i do . 
  british police are generally quite chill and if i 'm in a city i do n't know very well , i will often ask patrolling officers for directions . 
  there 's no where in the british isles you ca n't get by with english . 
  learning irish , scots gaelic , welsh or cornish is a mainly cultural thing at this point . 
  i was wondering if it was a regional thing - like how subway does n't have pork in muslim areas . 
  i come from a very white town .
