  i do n't exclusively look for things to comment on about america . 
  hamburgers were invented in hamburg . 
  there 's no ` allegedly ' about it . 
  lemonade is egyptian and cheesecake is greek . 
  those things are not up for debate . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't varieties of those things in america , but that post was about dishes that originate in america . 
  if someone thinks pizza originates in america , i 'm going to correct them . 
  i was linked to that thread from elsewhere . 
  i do n't intentionally go looking for things in / r/askanamerican 6 . 
  you will not find a single person who thinks curry originated in the uk . 
  everyone knows it 's an indian dish . 
  there are plenty of muslim politicians in the uk and they all influence policy in some shape or form . 
  and most of the anglosphere is more open to the idea of muslim politicians than you . 
  it says a lot about you that you would go through the comments of someone you disagree with in order to find ammo to use against them . 
  it 'll buff out . 
  get some polish on there , you 'll be set . 
  many people in the uk would agree those people should be banned along with trump . 
  why not ? 
  according to uk laws , preachers of hate speech can be banned from entering the uk . 
  they do n't have to be preaching hate within the uk itself in order to be banned . 
  the lays of the uk apply to him if he 's trying to enter the uk , and the ban would also only apply to him if he tried to enter the uk . 
   that 's ** one of ** the most important international relationships the us has, 
  no , but the us/uk relationship will very much depend on who becomes president , and that 's one of the most important international relationships the us has . 
  this is the kinda mentality people signed the petition to prevent from entering the country . 
  if you ca n't see a difference between banning an entire religion for the possibility of terrorism and banning one man for breaking hate speech laws , i do n't know what to say . 
  if this is what it takes to destroy the special relationship we have with the us , then i 'm fine with it . 
  i really do n't understand why such a large amount of fuss has to be made to uphold an established law , just because the person in question is influential and rich . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's childish to allow someone into a country after breaking their laws purely because that person is influential and rich . 
  i really do n't see why this much drama has to go about just to ban someone from the country when the laws are in place to do so , and the reason exists to do so . 
  israel is brown because shit is always going down there to the point where most people do n't seem to care at all ( at least in britain ) . 
  public opinion of israel in the uk is not generally positive . 
  i do n't know if it 's the same in the us . 
  it 's getting quite hard to hold a position of acceptance towards these refugees . 
  of course , they 're mostly innocent and fine , and we should n't let the minority represent the majority , but it 's getting very easy to do . 
  true , but the uk is made of multiple legit countries and each of them have their own devolved parliaments . 
  catalonia , for instance , might as well be a different country , but it 's not acknowledged by the spanish government afaik . 
  i suppose the idea of ` what counts as a secondary capital ' is a subjective thing anyway . 
  does the uk count as having secondary capitals too ? 
  we have london , edinburgh , cardiff and belfast . 
  that 's such a nasty colour palette . 
  honestly that picture looks a lot nicer than the earlier one . 
  at least this one has some greenery in it . 
  this is the uk , but i live near a town that has an [ ultra 60s building . 
  how would it compare to , say , the yakuza in japan or cartels in mexico ? 
  it 's the australians and filipinos that are putting up the biggest opposition , not the americans . 
  [ i think my scotland is a bit short ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aewgg0u.png ), 
  i was going to mention that i 'm not sure romans built the channel tunnel . 
   to name a few, 
  that 's because the spanish think spanish food is the best . 
  the belgians think belgian food is the best , the polish think polish food is the best . 
  what about the spanish ? 
  pizza , pasta , risotto , minestrone , tiramisu , gelato , coffee , gnocchi , to name a few . 
  not just healthcare . 
  more or less everyone except the french think italy has the best food in europe , too . 
  what else are big rooms for ? 
  that 's a tad garish . 
  to be fair , it does look very new . 
  but that 's what i like . 
  it 's very modern . 
  well scotland , wales and ni are actual countries . 
  they may be within the union of the uk , but they 're countries . 
  flanders and catalonia are not . 
  the house of lords is a lot more spacious usually . 
  it 's almost never as full as it is in that picture . 
  but yea , it is very grand . 
  very modern . 
  keep in mind that the uk council rooms are very rarely that full . 
  i thought the huge austria one was incredibly gorgeous . 
  dozens upon dozens of countries are inspired by greco roman architecture . 
  it 's not weird . 
  i did n't know scotland had such a cool parliament . 
  however do you survive being middle class ? 
  't was just a phase, 
  trying to make fiction more bloody , sexual or convoluted than history was never going to work . 
  if an author does try to beat history , he 's going to make an awful book . 
  because the grittiest areas of history do n't make good entertainment , they make ptsd . 
  grrm can be as creative with his gore as he likes , but someone in history is guaranteed to have been more creative . 
  if he can think of something more horrific than scaphism , then i 'll be impressed . 
  disgusted , but impressed . 
  all the different terminology is far too confusing for me . 
  half the non-brits on reddit still seem to think that the evil english forced scotland to stay in the uk against their will . 
  people on reddit really romanticised the idea of leaving the union . 
  can you blame him ? 
  it 's like game of thrones but it 's relatable to brits , it 's historically accurate , it 's educational , and the sex/gore hits the perfect mark between being too soft and too gratuitous . 
  i also watched the last kingdom, 
  gb unionists want to stay in the uk . 
  irish unionists want to unite ireland . 
  that explains the demographic of most subreddits , but not subreddits that are based on specific areas outside of america . 
  you do n't see many americans on / r/unitekingdom or / r/sweden or / r/france . 
  / r/europe seems to be the only location-based subreddit that has nothing to do with america , but still has a high population of americans . 
  it 's an anomaly . 
  i wonder if there 's a conspiracy theory about why there are so many americans in / r/europe ^ ^ ^ edit : ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ sarcasm ^ ^ ^ guys, 
  beautiful . 
  only because britain is so much more diverse with ethnic groups who do n't drink as much tea . 
  if you do n't include 1st or 2nd generation immigrants , the tea per capita is very similar to ireland . 
  i 'm happy with how the uk is responding to daesh right now , and i maintain my opinion that we should drastically reduce our military spending for a variety of reasons . 
  so no . 
  it would be easier to smuggle weapons and people over open land borders than to smuggle them over a guarded channel , any day of the week . 
  yes , london has been attacked .
