  there would still be 27 other nations in nato without the us , and none of them would have any reason to end it . 
  if anything , the eu poses more of a threat to nato than trump . 
  if the us leaves , there are still five of the ten strongest militaries in the world in nato ( the uk , france , germany , turkey , italy ) and so it will be able to function like normal . 
  but if the eu moved away from nato in order to avoid conflict with a potential eu military force , then that would result in nato losing most of its constituent countries . 
  maybe if we 're lucky , this will be the last one . 
  it used to be good but now they 've dragged it out too long and it 's lost the plot . 
  they 've resorted to keeping viewers through scandals and controversial statements . 
  apparently that new show china is really hitting its stride though . 
  if you had stayed with us , slavery would have been abolished in the us half a century earlier , and without any conflict at all . 
  so there 's that . 
  fried chicken originated in the uk tho . 
  oh please . 
  spacex 's achievements are no more built on technological prowess than the esa . 
  they have both contributed enormous amounts to our knowledge of space exploration and engineering . 
  the only difference is where they get their money . 
  spacex is a private company which gets its funding from private investment and the esa is a public organisation which gets its funding from the tax payers of several european countries . 
  there is nothing that makes spacex so much more high and mighty . 
  and calling the essa 's designs out of date is just silly . 
  a shame we did n't contribute . 
  well 48 % of the country did vote to remain . 
  is high fructose corn syrup england america or prison england ? 
  both names apply pretty well . 
  it 's also very beautiful . 
  i wish we did it here . 
  it 's pretty shameful how commercialised halloween has become in the uk . 
  this is where the traditions originated , which went on to become all saints day and halloween , and yet there are so many other countries more in touch with what the event should mean than we are . 
  i think this is very important . 
  even now , there are a wealth of misconceptions about communist europe being some barren wasteland of death and disease . 
  when the truth is that it was a normal place with normal people who lived normal lives . 
  barcelona 's streets are conveniently almost perfect grids . 
  does this superblock system work with streets like london or rome which are very winding and loopy ? 
  vox make some good documentaries . 
  they 're an american company , and that really shows in their documentaries , which almost always revolve around america , and even when they look at foreign places , it 's always in comparison to america . 
  if you 're looking for documentaries on global issues from a detached perspective , very few of their videos will be for you . 
  but even despite that , they 've made some fantastic content and their production quality is great . 
  they never avoided any of those countries * because * they were awful , they avoided them for completely unrelated reasons . 
  those countries just happened to also be awful . 
  since when has the us avoided working with countries just because they 're awful ? 
  what sa calls criminals is often a huge stretch, 
  that sounds badass , but these royals have armed guards who know they can get away with murdering civilians . 
  maybe she could take a few tips from liz on how to not be an evil monarch, 
   if the uk leaves the eu then it wo n't benefit from an eu army and will become even more reliant on its military alliance with the usa . 
  more influence from the us is one of the main reasons i and many others wanted to avoid leaving the eu . 
  i completely agree . 
  our government has shown enormous pettiness so far in these negotiations . 
  i agree . 
  it 's very petty . 
  this is what annoys me most . 
  i and many other people in the uk want our country to move away from the uk , politically and militarily and economically , and an eu army would allow just that . 
  but the uk government , contrary to the public , seems to want ever closer union with the united states . 
  for what it 's worth , i want an eu army . 
  the uk government would probably love an alliance with the us . 
  the people of the uk would despise it . 
  but the government would love it . 
  it seems like the reasons that the uk government wants to avoid an eu army are the exact reasons that many people in the uk want an eu army : because it cuts the us out of the equation . 
  imo an eu army would be good specifically because it takes the us out of the equation . 
  this country has relied upon the corrupt and destructive americans for far too long and needs to unite militarily with its european neighbours . 
  i agree , it really is disgusting . 
  it 's like our government is trying to burn every bridge it can before it leaves the eu . 
  indeed . 
  it 's worth remembering that almost half of the country did vote to stay . 
  half of us still do !, 
  i do n't know . 
  i did n't bother checking . 
  afaik they 're the best selling music artist ever . 
  what alternative do you suggest ? 
  by that logic , every state in canada , australia , the us , and germany is a country . 
  they all have state parliaments and occupy territory . 
  you seem to be under the impression that scotland , wales and northern ireland and england are sovereign countries . 
  they are not . 
  they are called countries , but that distinction is made largely due to historical importance , as england and scotland used to be independent . 
  wales and northern ireland were never independent countries . 
  and while they are called countries , the way they work is more comparable states or provinces . 
  the uk is the only sovereign country in the union . 
  the rest is tradition and lipservice . 
  yes it did . 
  the uk is a country . 
  if you would like more information you can visit the wikipedia page [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom ), 
  the uk is a country . 
  it is the most successful artist from the uk , yes . 
  i made it, 
  he 's from belarus but moved to norway at a very young age . 
  she is from kosovo, 
  thank you !, 
  it took forever in photoshop . 
  surprisingly there is n't an online tool to replace countries with images . 
  you 're probably right . 
  my mistake, 
  he pretty much is . 
  he moved away from belarus at 10 and seems to have kept pretty much none of it . 
  i could n't fit a face in side . 
  i did n't include one . 
  i tried , but the country was too small to coherently fit an image inside . 
  i only just managed cyprus . 
  i only included artists in countries where they were born in order to avoid confusion . 
  that 's why rybak is shown in belarus . 
  it 's also coincidentally why rita ora is shown in kosovo despite the fact that she moved to the uk at a very young age . 
  from what i 've observed , no one here seems entirely sure what i should have put , but everyone seems entirely sure what i should n't have put . 
  i had no idea they were french, 
  u2 is one of the few i am 100 % sure is correct .
