  forcing ideologies away only makes them grow . 
  the social shifts in response to these attacks have been one of the most concerning parts of this whole thing . 
  the long lasting political consequences could be far more significant than the attacks themselves . 
  the brexit is an example of this - the most prominent reason for voting leave was concern for immigration . 
  there have always been those concerns , but they have been hugely exacerbated by the migrant/terrorism crisis . 
  i would be willing to bet that if these attacks had not happened , we would not have voted to leave . 
  and if these attacks continue , who knows what extremes people/countries may be driven to out of fear ? 
  no wonder the country has become so secular ... 
  i agree completely . 
  arnold schwarzenegger really did n't have as much power as most of europe 's presidents and prime ministers . 
  could he declare international war ? 
  could he make executive orders ? 
  could he voluntarily secede from the union ? 
  no , he could not . 
  it 's kind of silly to compare a state 's economy to a country 's economy as if they 're the same . 
  such a huge chunk of california 's gdp only exists because of how integrated it is with the rest of the country , that it wildly skews statistics . 
  if you looked at any hypothetical scenario where california has the same level of integration with the other states as france has with the eu , cali 's gdp would plummet . 
  this happened a week ago . 
  no , it 's up to a load of politicians who have no idea what they 're doing . 
  no one has triggered article 50 yet , and it 's very questionable if anyone will . 
  that 's the main reason our economy is beginning to recover - people are starting to realize the uk is n't going to leave . 
  [ til ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b5hluw4glg&amp;list=plvdvkxdy-1bbvx7wktvys7s_myngwtdfr ), 
  cameron * did * kill a nation . 
  she only has a million wrinkles because they 're * all full of secrets !, 
  i think public opinion has already swung pretty heavily against leaving since the vote . 
  most people in the uk dislike farage , let alone abroad . 
  well the us election will rise to greater prominence as it approaches . 
  but right now it 's our country 's turn to collapse , thank you very much . 
  this would be an event of celebration if the implications were n't so awful . 
  i would absolutely take up that offer if i had the money to move to france , germany or italy . 
  so austria can overturn a vote but when we suggest it in the uk , suddenly democracy has fallen ? 
  i had to put water instead because it was the closest option, 
   yes , you 're blaming everyone in the us and everything about the us except the actual people who commit huge amounts of homicide . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone in the us . 
  i 'm saying that no one is predisposed to any kind of behaviour , it 's a result of cultural , social , economic and material influences . 
   you want to criticize the us as a whole for its high homicide rates and blame racism when it 's pointed out that it 's demographics , not gun laws or american culture , that is mostly the issue . 
  it 's worth pointing out that according to the table you posted , most american demographics have higher homicide rates than most european countries . 
  some are worse than others , but no demographic is perfect . 
   the map is deliberately deceptive so you wo n't grasp this by looking at op 's picture , but most areas of the us that have similar demographics to any european country will have similar levels of homicide no they do n't . 
   if nothing about the system , culture , or gun laws in the us changed but its demographics shifted to more closely resemble western european countries , the us would not have a peculiarly high homicide rate . 
  so what you 're saying is ` america would have less homicide if we got rid of all the people with the highest homicide rates ' . 
  sorry , but they 're just as american as everyone else . 
  and even then , if you only included white americans ( according to your table ) then the us would still have a pretty high homicide rate compared to most european countries . 
  i mentioned economic * and * social conditions . 
  it 's all glasgow, 
  those borders are awful, 
  it is a map from the un . 
  so i 'd be quite surprised if it came with an anti-america agenda . 
  plus most americans are descended from europeans . 
  i read somewhere that you have heavy limits on ammo . 
  is that true ? 
  canada , australia and new zealand are culturally very european , despite being far away . 
  possibly more european than we ( the uk ) are , sometimes . 
  it 's important not to blame black people , but to blame the social and economic situations which cause black people to commit more crime on average in that country . 
  i do not believe any race is predisposed to crime . 
  yes , let 's ignore it because it 's not relevant in this comparison . 
  but western russia is still in europe . 
  so even if , hypothetically , russia took over estonia , it would still be in europe . 
  the land mass would have to physically move for it to leave europe . 
  at first , this seemed completely random and out of the blue , but it 's actually really insightful . 
  mainly because politicians and media learned that the eu is an easy scapegoat for the problems caused by our governments . 
  people like to pick out scotland as significant because every constituency got a majority for remain , but when you look at the map , there were far more people in london alone who were disappointed by the outcome . 
  by the look of things , another vote would end up with far more than 55 % for remaining . 
  northern ireland wants to remain in the uk as it currently exists . 
  this sub is pretty pro scottish independence but surely we can agree in hindsight that leaving would have been disastrous for scotland , right ? 
  what exactly counts as normal here ? 
  that 's actually really surprising . 
  i 've always pictured her as a very pro-equality kind of person . 
  hell , since trump got elected , people have started calling merkel the leader of the free world . 
  i do n't even know why they do n't just change it . 
  in today 's political climate , i do n't think anyone would be angry . 
  if anything , it would be a good way for theresa may to cash in on some popularity . 
  no , it means that the us fights on germany 's side , i think . 
  luckily , they do n't make a difference anyway , so it should n't matter . 
  / r/the _ donald and / r/murica have both gone up against / r/sweden and failed . 
  if you have a whole other sub for shitposts , why are there so many in / r/sweden ? 
  are you just a naturally shitposty country ? 
  / r/murica is n't really that impressive , and neither is / r/the _ donald . 
  both are american centres for shitposting , and both have been trounced by / r/sweden on multiple occasions . 
  / r/britishproblems is probably the closest thing we have to a ` shitposty ' sub , and it regularly gets far higher voted posts than / r/murica . 
  that 's because / r/sweden contains most of the combined redditing power that sweden has to offer , whereas we , much like the americans , divide our shit between a large number of specific subreddits . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is mostly used for news and political discussion , though with the recent developments in our country , it has at times come to resemble a mental health support group . 
  and while / r/sweden has fewer subs than / r/unitedkingdom , the gap is only a few thousand . 
   you can take a comment chain , refine it as a screenshot , and weaponize it . 
  this shit is why no one imports american produce anymore . 
   what do you think the whole point of the memehattan project was ? 
  we did all of the work there anyway . 
  have n't you heard of project meme alloys ? 
  war against the japanese would be impossible . 
  the american meme production machine would be crippled without a steady import of high quality japanese fleshlights and anime body pillows . 
  comment chain banter is meaningless in [ the great meme battlefield ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xiu0bae.jpg ) . 
  you will be crushed [ like the poultry you are . 
  america would destroy this competition if their neets could read . 
  no thanks . 
  american memes are weak as fuck tho . 
  you 've been beaten by sweden in multiple past meme wars . 
  then you 'll come back when victory is inevitable and pretend to have won it for everyone . 
  i expect becoming a totalitarian dictatorship puts a dampener on it . 
  turkey also reduced . 
  calm down norway,
