  you could make the point that cheddar would n't be so popular unless there was something great about it . 
  i definitely would n't call it tasteless . 
  mature cheddar is really strong . 
  mild supermarket own-brand cheddar is tasteless , yes , but you get what you pay for . 
  do n't group the uk with ireland . 
  our food is bad but not * that * bad . 
  that 's because you took them from the uk . 
  we do n't even need to do that . 
  just walk around in any provincial english town and you 'll see all the prejudice you need . 
  source : am from a provincial english town . 
  and american coffee is like a weaker chlamydia . 
  the turks are better at tea . 
  coffee , no coffee , who cares . 
  all you continentals are shit at tea . 
  you may not like british cheese , but cheddar is the most popular type in the world by far , so even if you do n't like it , everyone around you sure does . 
  is it really fair to call that stuff pizza ? 
  to be fair , the map is right . 
  american pizza is an abomination . 
  we will soon . 
  and you wo n't . 
  that 's one outcome of climate change , i suppose . 
  additionally , [ there will be more land for growing wine in the uk than in spain or italy by 2050 ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/environment/pix/pictures/2013/4/8/1365425965276/europe-change-in-areas-su-001.jpg?w=620&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=ac9e1b56a5081c0cd16ec74a1197a344 ), 
  there are three food genres that the uk does really well , and they 're pies , puddings and curries . 
  french , italian and spanish food is miles ahead of ours overall , but none of them beat us in any of those three . 
  i do believe in democracy . 
  is that an achievement ? 
  it takes literally nothing to trigger americans, 
  i had no idea that language existed . 
  when i went to malta , everyone spoke english . 
  the more you know , i suppose . 
  to be fair , i 'd rather you put the irish flag next to the english language than the american flag, 
  german ? 
  that 's surprising . 
  usually the fast-food-frankensteins are american made . 
   they dumped expensive wine into the gutters they had to buy it first , so that seems like a victory for france  rename french fries into freedom fries they 're not even french , so that seems like a victory for france, 
  what language did you think they had ? 
  you 're right , you are a bit weird . 
  honestly , the pizzas they make in the shop are better than any of the frozen brands i 've tried . 
  ristorante are shit . 
  my heart has n't sunken like that since the referendum, 
  that seems like something an american would think was fantastic . 
  no , it say so right in this post . 
  please provide that evidence . 
  see the mistake you 're making there is lying . 
  it 's literally the article that op posted . 
  why are you even commenting if you did n't look at the article ? 
  i think that the us vote has , if anything , shown that people 's votes do n't vote much at all . 
  if you 're in california or texas or new york or any other secure state , your vote does n't count . 
  it only matters if you 're in a swing state . 
   claiming that is dangerous well the outcome of the referendum was almost equal and pretty much every survey , study , poll and investigation has shown a surge in pro-eu opinions since july  i think the uk has to sacrifice something to able to stay within the eu , most likely the opt-outs of the eu . 
  i agree . 
  that 's a good idea . 
  but then , i 'm also in favour of greater federalisation within the eu . 
  the only real question at this point is whether politicians care more about the country 's future than their own political futures . 
  i can say with certainty that my local mp ( an utter cunt named daniel kawczynski ) does n't care in the slightest about anyone else 's future but his own . 
  most of us want to . 
  but it 's not like we can do anything about it . 
  is that surprising ? 
  the pro-europe demographics in the uk have become significantly more vocal since brexit . 
  they do n't * have to * . 
  it 's worth remembering that almost half ( now probably more than half ) of the uk would be happy if they dismissed brexit . 
  but their main demographic is now eurosceptic voters , and it would be very difficult for them to capture the ( mostly left wing ) pro-europe voters after all of this . 
  the uk 's large surge in pro-eu opinions and nosedive in anti-eu opinions is unsurprising . 
  the people in this country who liked the eu but did n't really care that much , have become much more vocal since the vote . 
  in addition , i think many eurosceptics have seen the chaos caused by even the prospect of brexit and have realised how much we gain from membership . 
  the uk 's large surge in pro-eu opinions and nosedive in anti-eu opinions is unsurprising . 
  the people in this country who liked the eu but did n't really care that much , have become much more vocal since the vote . 
  in addition , i think many eurosceptics have seen the chaos caused by even the prospect of brexit and have realised how much we gain from membership . 
  i want to live in italy so badly, 
  we burned down the white house once . 
  we can do it again . 
  so what you 're saying is that if the us dominated britain militarily and made it a state , britain would dominate the us politically from within ? 
  has flag waving decreased in the us recently ? 
  you 're right . 
  there are stupider ideas . 
  like letting romania into the eu . 
  would n't we just gain 50 more states , instead of america gaining 1 ? 
  we 're older , after all . 
  plus a dozen or so of those states are on permanent loan from the queen to obama anyway . 
  `` posh americans '' is a very good way to piss off a brit, 
  indeed , though it is n't as densely populated . 
  a large amount of greenland is uninhabitable , but it 's honestly a more sustainable solution than funneling them all into england , belgium and the netherlands, 
  i heard the bailout money being taken from italy is ridiculous . 
  luckily , the british empire 's legacy still extends to some much nicer places . 
  northern ireland is the dark patch we like to sweep under the rug . 
  hell , many british people forget it exists at all . 
  the snp is the third most powerful party in parliament right now , behind the conservatives and labour . 
  scotland has never had a louder voice than it does now . 
  scotland already has its own parliament and can pass its own legislation . 
  scotland can vote on laws that only affect england , but england ca n't vote on laws that only affect scotland . 
  what exactly do you want ? 
  scotland does n't want independence . 
  they voted to stay , so can we drop the issue please ? 
  what would britain get out of that ? 
  lovely offer . 
  thanks for thinking of us . 
  we 're fine on our own , actually . 
  thanks anyway . 
  it does n't seem like something that could happen in a time of peace . 
  but if a war left no other option , i can see the possibility .
