  there were also issues with people being unable to vote because they lived abroad . 
  i 'm not comparing survey numbers to a referendum . 
  i 'm using those statistics to demonstrate that the uk is not more anti-eu than any other country . 
  and the survey accurately shows that . 
  the reason it does n't line up with the results of the referendum is that a higher percentage of leave supporters voted than remain supporters , whereas the survey presumably got a more even spread . 
  if you think the uk is more anti-eu than any other country , ** provide some useful evidence . 
  ** stop spending all of your time picking apart my evidence and show some of your own . 
   eurobarometer trend question about whether respondents view their country 's membership well that 's not vague at all . 
  i 'm sure i 'll have a lot of fun trying to find that survey . 
  especially since the european commission produces loads of them . 
  and it 's utterly useless if you 're only going to provide one statistic , for nl , when the entire point is that we 're comparing countries . 
  you also have to question whether an even sample of people from all political sides would take part in a survey called a ` eurobarometer ' . 
  it 's likely that the survey has more pro-eu participants than anti-eu participants . 
  your evidence is useless . 
   you have n't provided me anything else than `` nope , i 'm right '' . 
  that 's exactly what you 've done . 
  i tried to support my argument with surveys . 
  you have n't shown me anything to support your argument . 
  even when i outright asked you to provide your own evidence , you sidestepped the question . 
  i can dismiss the referendum because there are reasons to dismiss the referendum . 
  if a vote does not represent the desires of the whole public , only a quarter , then it 's useless . 
  ** would you like to provide your own evidence that the uk is vastly more anti-eu than any other eu member ? 
  are you claiming that there will be no correlation between unfavourable views of the eu and desires to leave the eu ? 
  really ? 
  the issues with the vote indicate that it does n't accurately represent what the uk as a whole actually wants . 
   a dozen at most . 
  we 're talking about 12 yos , mate . 
  how were you at 12 ? 
  there are over a million 12 year olds in the uk . 
  what on earth makes you think only a dozen are informed enough to vote ? 
   i 'm 99 % sure the dementia person did n't vote . 
  i 'm 99 % sure you 're basing that on nothing . 
   easily influencable youths who do n't yet contribute much to society . 
  if this vote has shown us anything , it 's that all age groups are easily influenced . 
  and it does n't matter what 16 and 17 year olds currently contribute to society . 
  they * will * contribute , and what 's more , they will live much longer with the consequences of the referendum than any 60 + year old . 
   britain is for the british . 
  according to you . 
  i 'm actually british , whereas you are not , and i personally think that immigrants who live and work here should be able to vote on important issues . 
  why should n't they ? 
  the only difference between them and myself is that i was born here and they were n't , but many of them have been living and working here far longer than me . 
   this deceiving shit is senseless no it 's not . 
   is neither my problem nor uk 's . 
  you 're right , it 's not your problem . 
  but it most definitely is the uk 's . 
  if the results of a referendum do not reflect the overall mood of a country , that 's a problem . 
   a few thousands . 
  you 're really underestimating the number of british expats, 
   the rest of the country is irrelevant on popular choices if they did n't vote . 
   voting rights are given with good reason . 
  i do n't care for the political opinion of a 12 year old because it does n't have voting rights . 
  there are plenty of 12 year olds with enough of a knowledge on politics to make an opinion . 
  it 's pretty messed up that you care more about the opinion of a 105 year old with dementia , who is registered to vote , than a 12 year old with a strong opinion on the eu and who will live with its consequences , but who is n't registered to vote . 
  then there are the 16 and 17 year olds who are perfectly informed on the issue but were unable to vote , even though their futures will be affected by it . 
  then there are the many immigrants who ca n't vote , but who consider themselves british . 
  then there are the people who could vote , but did n't , because they were deceived into thinking that remain would win by such a landslide that their vote was redundant . 
  then there are the people who wanted to vote , but live abroad , and were prevented from voting ( there were many fuck ups and mishaps surrounding votes for expats ) . 
  the opinions of the people who did not vote do matter . 
  and if you look at the country as a whole , a majority supports the eu . 
  sovereignty is nebulous and meaningless , especially considering we already had it . 
  immigration will not change with the promised points based system . 
  in fact , if other countries are anything to go by , a points based system would result in even more immigration . 
  and there has been a significant downturn in the economy since the referendum . 
  so the three most important issues were all surrounded by deception or misleading facts . 
  the uk has been the primary supporter of ttip in europe 2 . 
  [ pressure from american businesses has encouraged things like the privatisation of the nhs ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/feb/08/us-firms-look-to-capitalise-as-nhs-becomes-increasingly-privatised ) 3 . 
  the us operates six military bases on british soil even though there is no need for them . 
  [ one of these bases , they use to spy on all of western europe . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raf_menwith_hill ) and why ca n't iraq be one of them ? 
  it 's quite significant . 
  it 's not at all moot . 
  plus the ftse are based on the value of the pound , so when it goes down , they go up . 
  so you can not base your assumptions on stock exchange rates , only on pure figures . 
   plebiscites david cameron called that referendum in order to get re-elected . 
  and that 's not at all unusual . 
  the national front in france want a referendum , and they are growing at a concerning pace . 
  alternative fuer detschland is the fastest growing party in germany , and they 're also promising a referendum . 
  greece already had a referendum , in which they were told that voting no to austerity would likely result in their expulsion from the eu ... and they voted no . 
  the uk is not an anomaly . 
  i do not want the uk to leave the eu , nor do i want any country to leave . 
  but looking down on the uk as if it 's somehow exceptionally anti-eu would be ridiculous . 
   unfavorable views '' does not necessarily correlate with `` want to leave '' . 
  i think ` unfavourable views ' probably does correlate to ` want to leave ' . 
   this is what separates the continental members from uk 's situation . 
  since you 're dismissing my sources , would you like to provide your own evidence that the uk is vastly more anti-eu than any other eu member ? 
   we actually know that a majority of the people in the uk , in a serious situation , voted for leave . 
  please be a bit more careful . 
  a majority of the uk did not , in fact , vote to leave . 
  17.4 million voted to leave , in a country of 64.1 million people . 
  and what 's more , studies show that 7 % of that 17.4 million actually regret voting to leave . 
  so we have 16.182 million people who voted to leave and still want to , or a quarter of the total population . 
  if the whole nation had actually participated in that vote , you might have been right . 
  but that was not the case . 
   many peoples opinions are that under the eu , it was n't done properly statistically , inter-eu immigration has always had a net positive effect , where immigration from outside the eu has had a negative effect . 
   this is purely anecdotal and your opinion , so there is nothing to respond to . 
  it is an opinion , but it is also quite true . 
   do you think the eu will ever get smaller ? 
  that was never a large factor in why people wanted to leave . 
  they specifically targeted turkey . 
   if you are planning on citing the value of the # then please do not bother .
