  after all , there are more english speakers in india than in the usa . 
  i chose not to map out those minor variations because i think the idea of the map would be lost . 
  when i posted the previous one , the only people who overtly disagreed were the people from countries where english is the primary language , so i gave them their own colour . 
  by colouring india blue and mexico red , i 'm not saying that the exact specifics of british or american english are taught , but what that country 's variation is most similar to/based on . 
  hong kong 's variation of english is most similar to british , and is originally based on british , whereas in the philippines , it is closer to american and is based on american , but both hong kong and the philippines have their own variations . 
  it would be interesting to map out the different dialects of english , but i imagine it would take a lot of research . 
  [ indeed . 
  what do you mean ? 
  we have plenty of good engineering and aviation university courses in the uk . 
  netherlands , denmark , finland and norway are leaders in primary and secondary education . 
  if you 're looking for tertiary ( degree ) education , then the uk is your most feasible bet . 
  it has the best universities in europe , and the best unis in the uk are equal to the best unis in the us . 
  plus it 's a country where the primary language is english . 
  of course , there are great unis across europe , and many of them teach courses in english , but if you 're looking for english then your choices will be limited . 
  on the other hand , university in the uk is quite expensive by european standards , and some countries offer completely free university to all students , even non citizens . 
  joining the euro would be nice , but right now , i 'd settle for just not leaving the eu . 
  the beetham tower looks like the citadel from half life, 
  i never realised windsor castle was so pretty, 
  i like how london has clusters of old buildings and clusters of new ones . 
  somehow , they 've managed to keep the old feeling of the city centre while filling it with skyscrapers . 
  that 's beautiful, 
  an ugly clock tower in an otherwise beautiful town , [ shrewsbury ] ( http://images.on-this.website/8465_19359242574f783cbb4306a.jpg ) , in the uk . 
  i 'm currently a student in london , so i suppose i could include the 310m [ shard ] ( http://www.ultimatesecurity.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/the-shard.jpg ) , which is the tallest building in europe-sans-russia ) and therefore is also the tallest building in the eu . 
  i did n't know we had a constitution to change . 
  rude . 
  stay in the eu, 
  there are very few private universities in the uk . 
  all of the most prestigious ones are government funded . 
  it 's probably safe , but hitchhiking just is n't a common thing . 
  at least not in england , probably because it 's so build up and compact that you 're never that far from civilisation . 
  it might be more common in scotland , where towns are a lot more sparse . 
  maybe it 's more common than i think , and i 've just never seen it . 
  i do n't tend to watch those shows , so i ca n't say if any of them still exist or are any good . 
  there 's the inbetweeners , bad education , being human , skins . 
  waterloo road used to be good , then it became shit . 
  same for outnumbered . 
  young dracula used to be a riot . 
  there was bamzooki , which basically used to be a really shittily rendered cgi version of robot wars . 
  and there used to be raven ( not to be confused with that 's so raven ) where an old scottish man in a black outfit would take kids out to forests and make them do tasks . 
  it took me a long time to learn that they did n't kill the children who failed . 
  it seems like it was heavily implied . 
  same with jungle run . 
  i always thought that whoever was stuck in the cave when it closed just died there . 
  most of our best stuff has adults , as you can probably imagine . 
  i do n't know if i could choose . 
  i could probably narrow it down to either rome , paris , vienna , london or zurich . 
  i choose those because i have a big boner for history , even though not all of those cities are considered the best when it comes to welfare or living quality . 
  sadly , i can not speak any other language than english , which would make most of those difficult . 
  sorry i meant switzerland, 
  there are plenty going on , it 's just that we do n't hear about them . 
  for example , there 's a groundbreaking bridge under construction in [ norway ] ( http://inhabitat.com/norway-to-build-worlds-first-floating-underwater-traffic-tunnels/ ) , and the deepest , longest underground tunnel was built earlier this year in [ switzerland ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36423250 ) . 
  there are constantly skyscrapers being constructed all over europe , but especially in cities like [ london ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/03/07/what-londons-future-skyline-will-look-like---all-436-skyscrapers/ ) . 
  juncker just proposed the construction of an enormous [ eu military headquarters . ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37359196 ) . 
  most megaprojects simply do n't get a huge amount of visibility , but they 're definitely going on . 
  if anything , there are more going on in europe than america , but less than developing parts of the middle east and east asia . 
  of course , it would be nice to see some insane colossal projects like a bridge or dam across the strait of gibraltar or the terraforming of the north sahara or a unified eu bullet train project . 
   europe is not a nation , but if they ever ( god forbid it ) federated , it could possibly rival us . 
  huge understatement . 
  the only thing stopping the eu from explicitly being the dominant world power is that it is n't federated . 
  if it was , then it would easily overtake the us as economic and political superpower , and possibly militarily as well . 
  of course , that would be temporary , as china or india would soon overtake the eu in turn , but we would definitely be ahead of the us . 
  it depends on what we 're talking about . 
  when it comes to quality of life , healthcare , prisons , education , infrastructure welfare , equality and policing , it 's far behind . 
  when it comes to salary , media and pricing , it 's better . 
  the food is a mixed bag . 
   uk will probably strong arm itself , at least that 's my hope . 
  i hope the opposite . 
  the government seems to be trying to make this process as slow as possible , which is fine with me . 
  ideally , they just dismiss the referendum , but it seems like the most realistic ending at this point is an eea membership . 
  i hope that the uk will remain in the eea and that the eu as a whole pushes for further unity in political , economic and military areas . 
  and i hope that for once , we win the eurovision song contest . 
  you think this is bad ? 
  / r/askreddit has basically become / r/pleasetalkaboutamerica at this point . 
  that statement has never been more true than it is now , after the referendum . 
  i grew up in shrewsbury , less than an hour from birmingham , and i did n't see a black person until halfway through my teenage years either . 
  we do n't actually know where the doughnut comes from . 
  some sources say it 's british , others say it 's american . 
  the cornish pasty is a national treasure, 
  i ended up with a university less than an hour away by car , but some of my top 5 choices were more like 4 or 5 hours away . 
  if there 's one thing we have a lot of in the uk , it 's universities . 
  i live in a town which is pretty nonexistent , and we have a university . 
  i just wanted to go to a better one , which is why i 'm studying less than 50km away from home . 
  however , i 'm taking this as an opportunity at independence , so despite being close to home , i wo n't be commuting . 
  to be fair , british people talk with notes of disdain about most parts of britain . 
  only the really posh provincial places like cambridge , oxford , bath , edinburgh , etc , are spared . 
  it 's the same feeling you get when you visit dubai , albeit on a lower budget . 
  a settlement which has slowly grown over time feels much different to a settlement which was planned and built fully formed . 
  i prefer older places , even when they 're more run down , because they feel like they have more of a personality . 
  that 's why milton keynes feels so strange . 
  you will also feel that way if you visit much of the us , mexico or canada . 
  even the oldest cities are all planned out in identical , uniform grids . 
  it 's quite unsettling . 
  oh god . 
  where do i start ? 
  possibly , but there 's a lot more choice here . 
  i 'm relatively basic . 
  i cook a lot of chicken , a medium amount of pork and a small amount of beef . 
  i 've been trying to get more fish in my diet . 
  no , i have n't killed any animals for consumption . 
  i would absolutely love to move to the netherlands .
