  but my hope is that his actions will push the uk away , because i do n't particularly like being so firmly under the us umbrella . 
  honestly , i would be surprised if an especially large part of the population were aware that those groups are muslim . 
  british people can be a bit ignorant about eastern europe . 
  it definitely does have an accent . 
  but there is n't much variation in most of the us . 
  you would be very surprised how many of your favourite games seem american but are actually european . 
  i would n't be a fan of the geopoliticial turbulence if you all disappeared at once , but a gradual fading would be wonderful . 
  china is not more malevolent than the us . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  i think so . 
  a vast majority of 18-25 year old voters chose to remain , which suggests we 're a generally pro-eu generation . 
  unfortunately , our largest voting demographic , our government and our newspapers are all very elderly . 
  so those are the views the world sees . 
  a lot of us absolutely do . 
  it 's mainly the elderly who do n't . 
  and they hate everything , so being hated by them is no big deal . 
  he also made up the name aluminium . 
  and that 's the one he stuck with . 
  you spell it wrong . 
  ucl , king 's and imperial are all a step below oxbridge but a step above the rest in the uk . 
  we also have some good specialised schools . 
  e.g national institute for dramatic arts ( allegedly the best acting school in the world ) and rada or leiths culinary school . 
  particularly the us , and to a lesser degree , the uk, 
  to be fair , much of the u.k. once belonged to germany ( or at least people from where germany is now ) , in the form of saxon invaders . 
  i 've noticed many americans find it hard to say aluminium, 
  i have good news !, 
  you should n't have to worry much at all . 
  the no-go zones and shariah law patrols do not exist . 
  at all . 
  i come from one of the cities which have been labelled ` no go zones ' so i can say that from first hand experience . 
  and while there has been an uptick in sexual assaults in some specific countries , those rates are still lower than your native montana , so you 're safer here . 
  pepper spray , pocket knives and tasers are not generally needed . 
  but some countries have laws against certain weapons like those . 
  i think pepper spray is allowed in the countries you mentioned , but the laws on pocket knives are not as open . 
  i would imagine the same applies to tasers . 
  that would be like trading a noose for a stake . 
  wait . 
  does this mean fewer americans are going to visit france ? 
  is there any way of getting the uk listed as ` high risk ' too ? 
   i try and avoid predominantly islamic regions where any strife or violence is breaking out then you 'll have no problems in france, 
  but what about the ridiculous lines and price ? 
  do you regret those ? 
  people often forget to think about what a tourist attraction actually offers . 
  when something is famous and iconic , tourists will go there even though it 's pretty shit , and if they thought about it for five minutes , they would realise it 's pretty shit . 
  i suppose it 's one of the benefits of having had a fucknormous empire . 
  i 've been there a few times and there are entire sections of it i never got around to seeing . 
  though if you do go , i recommend the egyptian section . 
  that 's the bit i found the most impressive . 
  that said , there are incredible museums in every prominent european city , and that includes both barcelona and madrid . 
  the museo del prado is astonishing and , in my opinion , incredibly underrated . 
  you 're probably right . 
  but it did n't always exist in the form it now takes . 
  i thought buckingham palace was quite cool . 
  it 's one of the highlights of sightseeing in london , as long as you do n't visit with the expectation of seeing the queen or pissing off the guards in black hats . 
  it 's like a shitty times square knock off . 
  and times square was shit to begin with . 
  times square also loses all of its impressiveness once you 've been to time square . 
  as a rule , packed junctions and squares filled with tourists and adverts are not enjoyable experiences . 
  especially since [ there are other ] ( http://pixartimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/callanish-standing-stones.jpg ) , nicer [ standing stones ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/00/10/ba/0010ba69c8311f0f19d5a97bfbfef547.jpg ) in the uk which you can actually visit and touch for free . 
  but any time spent in madame tussauds is time which could be spent ( for free ) in the british museum . 
  you say the asian tourists are undisciplined but a lot of the grafitti is americans . 
  it 's still impressive to see from anywhere in rome . 
  just do n't bother going inside . 
  the lines are enormous and it 's not that much better inside than outside imo . 
  there are far more incredibly things to see in rome . 
  there are so many museums in london and people go and look at a wax figurine of madonna instead . 
  most things in la are , from my experience . 
  i had no idea you could go up it . 
  the london eye is literally just a big ferris wheel . 
  you will line up for hours to get a good view of all the places you should be seeing instead of the london eye . 
  and madame tussauds is a shitty tourist trap . 
  to be fair , i think that 's funny because of who 's speaking , not their accent . 
  i used to find every accent funny and now do n't really find any of them funny . 
  they 're just accents . 
  some of them are a bit annoying ( most american accents and also birmingham ) and some of them are quite attractive ( italy and some irish accents ) . 
  but i do n't really find any funny . 
  you could probably buy a remote scottish shack for a bag of chips . 
  i do n't personally understand the reasoning . 
  i have always been in favour of a fully united european federation . 
   americans do n't have ~ ~ the ~ ~ balls ~ ~ to take them back ~ ~, 
  i really admire france 's effort to keep the usa at arms length . 
  they have no us bases and they maintain their own nuclear weapons instead of buying them from the us . 
  my country ( uk ) could learn a lot from france . 
  that was only a quarter of brits , mostly senile pensioners . 
  it 's a poe 's law situation . 
  quality over quantity . 
  you should try it sometime . 
   our brave american boys i 'm not sure i 'd call them brave . 
  across europe , your bases are hated . 
  they are relics of the cold war manned by relics of a superpower , desperate to stay relevant in the modern world . 
  no one wants you here except the governments who want to maintain good relations . 
  you keep your bases here because of that permission , and because you want power projection . 
  protecting europe is nothing to do with it . 
  we have definitely had very different experiences . 
  seems the opposite to me . 
  there appear to be more body builders - many of them giving off a big hipster vibe - than ever before . 
  all of their models look so awkward, 
  hipsters love stuff from 50 years ago . 
  for russian hipsters , that means communism, 
  the cultural and social and political and economic differences are too big .
