  to them , there is no state without a nation , and a nation without ( its own ) state is a jailed nation that must break free ( to their own state ) or perish under a heel of johnny foreigner . 
  the definition of a community is nation . 
  the idea of a nation ( = idea , that the defining characteristic of a man is his blood and genes ) began with enlightenment ( yeah , yeah , i know , your nation is tens of thousands years old ) and `` ended '' in the furnaces of treblinka , sobibor , be\u0142\u017cec , jasenovac , auschwitz ... ( i put `` ended '' in quotation marks , because it did n't really ended ) . 
  so , if your nation is your only `` community '' , than there 's nothing else to say . 
  `` your interests '' are your nation 's interests , and your interests ( hopefully ! ), 
  end at your state 's border . 
  you support treaties with other countries ( nations ) only if and when they are in interest of your country and nation . 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't think like that . 
  i believe that i ( we ) have common interests with people ( countries ) i ( we ) share common values with . 
  that means , that all eu countries ( and potential candidates ) have common interests . 
  we all share common values and we would all like to see them implemented in the future . 
  here and everywhere . 
  we , for example , also share common values with usa , canada , australia and new zealand . 
  we do n't with saudi arabia . 
  of course , `` common interest '' changes . 
  it is good ( imo ) for countries of europe to form a common state , because that 's ( imo ) the only way we can compete with current and future world superpowers . 
  200 years ago that was n't the case , because we ( well , you ) were the only game in town . 
  we ( well ... you ) ruled the fucking world . 
  the common interest may change again in the future . 
  if , for example , we get attacked by aliens , all the problems in the world will disappear overnight . 
  well , all except one . 
  i could have . 
  but i chose not to . 
  because i do n't think any of those two is a future superpower , even though it meets the minimum requirements . 
  but that was not the point of my post . 
  the point was ( obviously ) that no individual eu member can become a world superpower , but eu as a whole can . 
  my line of thinking ( which may or may not be correct ) is as follows : a future world super power will have to meet at least two criteria : 1 ) a population of more than 200 million and 2 ) large enough territory ( india has both , so i mentioned it earlier ) . 
  these two are of course just the necessary prerequisites and not guarantees for a world superpower . 
  a country that meets these two criteria , can be a 21st century superpower and a country that does not meet them , can not . 
  that is my opinion . 
   i agree , i would argue the last two are essentially the same thing though . 
  completely true . 
  you are probably right about russians ( wo n't go into details ) , but probably not about indians . 
  21st century will last a long time . 
  remember china before 1990 . 
   the best we can hope for is to form a union of nations out of common interest . 
  this is exactly what i am suggesting . 
  i am not suggesting , that europeans became one nation . 
  it 's impossible and , even more important , unnecessary . 
  what is a state ( country ) , whether unitary or federal ? 
  what is its purpose ? 
  is its purpose that every nation should have its own state ? 
  that is 19th century thinking , that caused millions of dead in the 20th . 
  in my opinion , the purpose of a state , a country or any other kind of community of human beings is just one : we can satisfy our ( individual ) needs better in a community . 
  if that would n't be true , everybody would just live each in their own cave . 
  so , the country ( state ) , with its own territory and laws , is simply a tool for better quality living of each and everyone in it ( i hope i am making sense ; english is not my first language ) . 
  it is a trade-off . 
  we all give up a certain amount of sovereignty/liberty , we all adapt our behaviour and actions , we obey laws and rules of the state . 
  if there were no countries , no communities , every individual would be completely free and sovereign in its own cave . 
  so , we all give-up a certain amount of freedom , so we can all live better lives and progress as a civilization . 
  simple as that . 
  so , we should look at the eu just like that : a community of people , that can live better and do more as one community of 500 million , than 30-something communities of a few million . 
  if eu at the presen does not work right or as intended ( and it does not ) , we should fix it . 
  we should set goals for it . 
  not `` ever-closer union '' ( what does this even mean ? 
  ) , but a tool for europeans for self-determination and for being a word superpower . 
  in my opinion , that requires a minimum of three things : common market , common foreign policy and common army . 
  `` the return of geopolitics means that the fundamental choice facing europe in the twenty-first century will be between self-determination and external domination . '', 
  we ( in europe ) should stop lying to ourselves . 
  in the 21st century there will be ( and increasingly are ) only two choices for countries and peoples of europe : self-determination and self-rule or foreign ( american , russian , chinese , indian ... ) domination . 
  there . 
  third . 
  choice . 
  the world in the 21st century will consist of ruling countries ( superpowers ) and their vassal states . 
  and there will be no superpowers with population of 80 million . 
  `` but we will just exist here , with our social state , human rights , rule of law and tiny and useless armies , while americans will take care of our defense and chinese will forever buy our overpriced cars and manufacture our cheap goods . 
  good times . '', 
  either europe ( either as eu or some other federal-like institution ) will be world superpower with common market , common foreign policy and common army , or we will be 30-something vassal countries . 
  there is no third option . 
  there really is n't . 
  to paraphrase my favourite movie ( magnolia ) : `` we may be through with the history , but the history is not through with us . '', 
  i do n't speak czech , but in slovenian `` vi\u0161nja '' is sour cherry . 
  so vi\u0161nova kofola is certainly sour cherry taste ( is also pictured on the bottle ) . 
  i love kofola . 
  i thought , i liked vi\u0161nova best . 
  it was even better !, 
  and the last time i was in prague , i saw merunka . 
  eh , i thought , this time you went too far , kofola . 
  this one ca n't be good , can it ? 
  but it was even better then vanilkova !, 
  how do they do it ? 
  well , i was in prague in 2008 and again this year in may . 
  in 2013 we went on a week 's tour through czech republic and we slept in a different city each night ( brno-olomouc-kutna hora-\u010ceske budejovice-krumlov ) . 
  first , the bad . 
  i 'm so sorry , but i really do n't like prague . 
  it 's completely irrational ( because it 's a beautiful city ) , but me and prague simply do n't get along . 
  at first i thought , that i simply do n't like czech republic , but i really enjoyed every place in it ( see above ) , except prague . 
  the first time i was in prague was new year 's 2008-2009 . 
  it was horrible . 
  it was mind-numbingly cold . 
  it was so cold , it literally hurt your body . 
  so , i was a poor student then , so we stayed at the hostel ( ca n't remember the name ) . 
  when we got to the hostel , we were told , that the price was double then we agreed over the phone . 
  it 's new year , they said . 
  but we talked to you two days ago and we agreed on price . 
  the guy that was there ( just one retiree ) did n't want know anything about it . 
  that 's the price . 
  take it or leave . 
  since it was nearly impossible to get another room so close to new year 's , we paid double .
