hey , i 'll go check that out , next time i 'm in prekmurje . 
  selfie with the fence . 
  it sure beats selfie with the roadsign in baj\u00e1nsenye , i took in summer . 
  it was great . 
  three friends , four countries in three days on a bicycle . 
  we were stationed in lendava . 
  first day hungary , through hodo\u0161 . 
  second day croatia to \u010cakovec ( which is beautiful ; it was my first time there ) . 
  third day austria , bad radkesburg . 
  300 km in three days . 
  and the weather was great . 
  i 'm not sure , we will be able to repeat the whole thing next summer , like we talked about . 
  then again , we live in interesting times , so who knows . 
  the war in yugoslavia was n't about religion , its cause was nationalism ( bosnian muslims are somewhat unique , as they do not consider themselves just as muslims in religious sense , but in national sense as well , similar to jews ) . 
  so it was n't christianity vs. islam but serbs vs. croats . 
  vs. bosnian muslims . 
  the wahhabi fighters ( among other muslim fighters ) started to come into bosnia during the war , but their contribution to war effort was minimal at best . 
  the war ended because of american involvement and effort ( much to the shame of eu , who could n't stop the war in its own backyard ) . 
  it was after the war , that saudis started to send their preachers and money to bosnia . 
  the consequences are known . 
  and by the way , you ( assuming , you are bosnian muslim ) talking about the bosnian war as `` christians vs. muslims '' and preservation of `` christian continent '' , is proof enough , that saudis did their job well . 
  we ( as in eu and usa ) should impose economic sanctions on just one country . 
  saudi arabia . 
  not just sanctions , but compete economic blockade with warships and planes . 
  just like gb used against germany in ww1 . 
  saudi arabia uses oil money ( that it gets from us ) to fund and impose their perverted version of islam abroad . 
  radicalization of muslims is in large part the result of saudi efforts . 
  they are pushing the agenda , that the only `` true muslim '' is a wahhabi . 
  it 's not , that other muslims are n't `` true '' muslims ; they are not muslims at all , in their view . 
  the results can be seen in bosnia , for example . 
  bosnian muslims were a staple of moderate islam 30 years ago . 
  look at ( some of ) them today - after saudi money started to pour in bosnia . 
  al qaeda , isis , talibans are all pupils and direct result of saudi interpretation of islam . 
  saudi arabia is cancer . 
  wahhabism is cancer . 
  its main victim is n't the west , but other muslims . 
  the only way to destroy this cancer is to choke it to death with total economic blockade . 
  air strikes wo n't destroy isis . 
  only `` boots on the ground '' can do that . 
  and i am not talking about 100 strong special forces . 
  i am talking about 100.000 highly trained soldiers with air support . 
  but of course , no european army is actually capable of many months long ground attack . 
  apple . 
  facebook . 
  intel . 
  ibm . 
  amazon . 
  dell . 
  amd . 
  qualcomm . 
  oracle . 
  cisco . 
  shall i go on ? 
  that `` never again '' compromise caused 100.000 dead in bosnia . 
  radovan karad\u017ei\u0107 himself said ( see bbc 's `` death of yugoslavia '' ) that the serbs could have been stopped by the 10.000 well equipped soldiers . 
  but no . 
  we ( europe ) sent peace-keeping units , that were n't even capable of defending themselves , so `` not to provoke anyone '' . 
  because `` never again '' . 
  so 100.000 people died . 
  and more would have , if americans would n't intervene , finally . 
  right now i am reading a ww1 book . 
  the horrible things that happened . 
  ww2 was even worse . 
  both were so horrible and so terrible , so many people died and have seen things so horrible , that ( it is my hypothesis ) we europeans are still shell-shocked . 
  the horror of the war is written in our genes . 
  the `` never again '' is written in our genes . 
  so , we have become , i am afraid , incapable of self-defense . 
  it is become politically incorrect to speak of the defense of our civilization , our way of life and our values . 
  germans , ridden with guilt , have forced their self-depreciation on other europeans , so `` mea culpa '' is slowly becoming our only value . 
  `` we started the war in me , so ( it 's only fair that ) we suffer the consequences ! '', 
  `` we should let all the refugees in , because it 's us that caused their suffering !, 
  if they detonate a bomb or two in our cities , that 's only fair . 
  it is heartbreaking to watch self-destruction of the civilization , that ruled the world for almost half of the millennium . 
  it 's pretty stupid to punish people because they 're stupid , say stupid things and have stupid beliefs . 
  these german anti-free speech laws are not that far away from similar chinese laws . 
  they all put ( supposed ) `` benefits of society '' ( that are defined as such by the state ) before the rights of an individual . 
  the `` harmonious society '' in which controversial ideas and beliefs are forbidden ( = you can say only what the state deems appropriate and not dangerous ) , is by definition a static society , that can not progress and can not evolve . 
  that is part of the reason , why europe is lagging more and more behind usa and why chinese economy is based ( and will stay that way ) on copying western products and ideas . 
  i am now deeply on a territory of wishful thinking , but still . 
  if eu becomes normally functioning union of states ( = common market , foreign policy , army ) with functioning democratic institutions , your ( our ) representatives in brussels will run the eu . 
  just like in democratic gb 60 million ( actually less , because of voting age ) brits vote for their representatives in parliament , so 500 million europeans vote for their representatives in european parliament . 
  democracy on a european level . 
  you will ( and some would say , you already do ) chose the people that run eu and represent your interests . 
  the goal is that you ( we ) would see brussels just like americans see washington : you vote for your representatives that fight for your interests there . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i know . 
  i tried to add to your argument . 
  you ( and by `` you '' i mean some brits ) think that the choice is london or brussels . 
  but it is not . 
  the choice is brussels or washington . 
  or beijing . 
  and you get to vote for your representatives in brussels ( the system is far from perfect , i admit ) . 
  you do n't have your representatives in washington or beijing . 
  edit : i deleted some condescending bullshit . 
  i apologize . 
  the problem is the definition of `` we '' and `` common interest '' . 
  they mean something different to different people . 
  even thought it 's has been more than century and a half since 1848 , most people still think only of nations . 
  to them , eu means nothing , because their `` community '' are germans , british , czechs , french ... national state . 
  they go together like horse and carriage .
