  ok , i get sign language . 
  but danish ? 
  wow france . 
  why do you hate breton so much ? 
  lol @ iceland signing that treaty . 
  what minority languages is it supposed to protect in iceland ? 
  whale ? 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  thanks for clarifying, 
   look at us , we are strong !, 
  we protect you , citizen , from the scary foreigners trying to annex you . 
  ... would be my guess . 
  posturing in order to get support from the voters . 
  can this be stickied by the mods ? 
  would be nice if we could finally stop supplying the saudis with weapons . 
  fun fact : when franz josef strauss ( former prime minister of bavaria ) was asked on a visit to moscow , if he had been to russia before , he answered : `` yes , but i only got to stalingrad the first time . '', 
  i study nordic literature and faroese seemed very beautiful to me , so i learned faroese  ... and it 's not hard if you already know icelandic . 
  it does exist , but as an archaic case and it is not productive anymore . 
  apparently linguists do n't count that as a real case and that is the standard op used for the map . 
  true ... well if you have any questions regarding faroese , send me a pm , 
  yep , that is the * case * ( haha ) . 
  and thanks a lot for making the map !, 
  i really enjoy them and i know it 's a lot of work . 
  i studied faroese in the faroes , i talked to hjalmar petersen and j\u00f3gvan \u00ed lon jacobsen , the authors of `` faroese - an overview and reference grammar '' , which is the standard textbook on the subject , and they all agreed , that faroese has 3 cases . 
  the genitive case only survives in fixed expressions , much like the `` dative - e '' in german . 
  welcome aboard, 
  wrong !, 
  faroese uses 3 cases . 
  edit : to clarify  of the four morphologically distinguishable cases in old norse and older faroese ( and to some extent also in written faroese today ) , namely nominative ( n ) , accusative ( a ) , dative ( d ) and genitive ( g ) , only the first three are completely productive in modern spoken faroese . 
  [ ... ] despite this , a genitive form `` exists '' , or can be produced , for most nominal categories , at least personal pronouns and nouns . 
  [ ... ] the genitive form of personal pronouns is standardly used and the genitive form of many nouns occurs in fixed expressions and also as the first part of certain compounds ( although it is doubtful that speakers intuitively interpret such forms ( parts of words ) as a genitive , as we will see below ) . 
  since this book is mainly intended as a handbook for non-native speakers , we thought it would be useful to include genitive forms that might be found in written texts , even though they are not common in the modern spoken language ... from * faroese . 
  an overview and reference grammar . 
  all my german eyes see are the little sausages attached to the rockets . 
  it 's a shame i ca n't give you several upvotes for username , `` albion '' and that emoji, 
  translating german `` klee '' was surprisingly complicated :d, 
  rip macron, 
  someone already tried to assassinate him ... 
  i 've had the best pizzas of my life in iceland , and i 've even eaten one ( albeit very cheap one ) in rome, 
  i 'm surprised the uk does n't have a massive mars exploration program after reading this thread . 
  no jokes allowed in zhis country, 
  * cue serbian music *, 
  this is some b\u00fcdro b\u00e4dre-level shit ... 
  look at his username, 
  oh god , i feel your pain , br\u00f3\u00f0ir . 
  so you created a new account referring to rhodesia , just to write this comment . 
  may i ask why ? 
  shamefur dispray, 
  [ yes ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/schulausgangsschrift ), 
  shut up with your god damn commie 's peach !, 
  ok my friend , i simplified for the sake of making an argument , not writing a linguistic dissertation . 
  oh my god ... 
  ca n't blame you guys ... 
  finland is winland . 
  i think alsace is usually the subject of jokes , that 's why you read about it more in places like / r/europe , where most people do n't really advocate for retaking the lost territories . 
  in right wing extremist circles , the eastern territories are desired more . 
  at least that 's how i see it . 
  swiss german and austrian german are variants of the german language . 
  hence , they are german . 
  just because there are different states with a majority german-speaking population , does n't mean the dialects have to be politicised . 
  had a solid laugh , 
  all the jokes aside , is n't it nice , that we 're peaceful neighbours now and both germans and french can enjoy this beautiful town ? 
  because then it 's done once instead of 20 times by different entities with the same effect . 
  [ this is him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5ocgjuq2xm ), 
  good . 
  now explain to me in detail like this why the eu is an undemocratic semi dictatorship . 
  can someone play devil 's advocate : why are the russians not 100 % the bad guys in this situation ? 
   undemocratic semi dictatorship are you talking about the house of lords and the queen ? 
  pretty cool , thanks !, 
  i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  if it is an actual event , please link me the wikipedia page for it or something . 
  it sounds pretty interesting . 
  i will try this the next time i 'm in sweden, 
  ... l\u00f6rning by heering . 
  i promise to improve, 
  i 'll better start learning then !, 
  i already know moi , kippes and saataana . 
  i assume that will be enough for 80 % of conversations , 
  how much forest is on \u00c5land ? 
  ? th hessen : 42 % can i apply for finnish citizenship if i can speak swedish , or do i have to wait for the 80 years it will take me to learn finnish ? 
  just chillin ... 
  i hope we will be able to resurrect bismarck somehow . 
  in putin 's russia , border crosses you . 
  [ fuck the us ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqzahudr6gm ), 
  both laibach and slavoj zizek are from slovenia . 
  so it 's obviously an awesome place i need to visit . 
  when was the last murder in iceland ? 
  [ this guy thinks otherwise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnfesa01llk ), 
  i heard if you make the pig wear rubber boots , it ca n't run away . 
  if the only thing you care about is the eternity after your life , it wo n't matter that much . 
  are you accusing me of being a hijacker ? 
  did i suggest otherwise ? 
  everybody can see h\u00f6cke 's speech and decide for themselves what he is . 
  what a well thought out rebuttal . 
  you just made this up yourself and it does n't have anything to do with history . 
  eating horse meat was part of pagan religion and the christians were pretty strict about banning that . 
  i 've had a horse steak , it was delicious . 
  yeah , would 've been better if the whole hitler thing had n't happened . 
  the evil germans are at it again , trying to create the 4th reich ! 11 ! 1 !, 
  sure buddy :d,
