funnily enough , a long time ago i read a newspaper article about how visiting different places in germany is a lot more interesting than in france . 
  because of the late unification , every little city was basically the capital of a country and build a palace and all sorts of things , while france only had paris for a long time . 
  not sure how true this is , though . 
  i 've not been to france a lot . 
  i quite like your ideas , there is just one thing that makes me skeptical about the idea of a strong centralized government . 
  i 'm not a big fan of sargon of akkad , but in [ a recent video of his ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvarcdvgpck ) he makes the point , that europe had a lot of innovation , because it was quite decentralized in comparison to other parts of the world . 
  i think it is important to maintain that , so we can test a lot of ideas at the same time and pick the most successfull ones , instead of settling for one and ignoring the possible alternatives . 
  this is the best analysis of the problem i have read so far, 
  yes !, 
  i do n't understand why we do n't cooperate more with our immediate members . 
  what good does it do to have good relations overseas while you antagonize your own neighborhood ? 
  make this the european anthem, 
  i love you guys, 
  literal horseshit offers very cheap fiber too, 
  mcdonalds has been studied extensively and reported on . 
  but yeah , i personally ca n't be sure how bad other places are . 
  all food which is basically unfit for human consumption should be treated as such . 
  well the kebab shops and pizza places i 've been to might not offer food with a better macronutritional value than mcdonalds , but they do n't have as highly processed `` meat '' , they oftentimes ingredients i would also buy in a grocery store , i 'm sure they offer food with more micronutrients , they do n't spend millions on advertising poisoning the minds of children ( and adults ) , they do n't lobby against education on nutrition , they do n't finance studies about fat ( which drew the focus away from the more dangerous industrial sugar ) etc. 
  also : pizza and kebab places are different everywhere , some higher quality , some lower quality , mcdonald 's is equally bad everywhere . 
  i support a mcdonalds store being banned in that particular place . 
  i also support fast food being taxed and regulated more , as it 's done with alcohol and cigarettes in most countries . 
  what makes you think them being a us company is a problem ? 
  do you think there are people who actually ca n't read a label about nutritional information ? 
  what makes you think that ? 
  companies like mcdonalds spend huge amounts on advertising , lobbying , etc. 
  to make sure people do n't make healthy choices . 
  other fast food being bad does n't make mcdonalds better, 
  every meal at mcdonald 's is a missed chance to eat something healthy . 
  such as ? 
  sprite and fanta maybe ? 
  how are they healthier than coke ? 
  i used to be on the same page as you , but i really think that basically anything you can get in most european cities is better than mcdonald 's . 
  here is an article i came across today : http://www.medicaldaily.com/10-day-mcdonalds-diet-leads-devastation-mans-gut-bacteria-333036, 
  the sugar alone is a huge red flag . 
  the fact , that it 's mainstream nowadays to drink coke for example , does n't make it a healthy choice . 
  have you ever had a cavity in your teeth ? 
  chances are , that is because of sugary drinks . 
  do n't even get me started on the damage to the rest of your body . 
  drinking and eating these amounts of sugar is not normal and not good for your body . 
  and no , it is n't normal to get cavities . 
  i never had one . 
  and again , this is just one example . 
  wow , just wow !, 
  ( i think scotland is the nicer part of the island ), 
  very good decision , florence has moved up on the list of cities i want to visit . 
  mcdonalds is selling borderline poisonous shit to people who do n't know better , thereby contributing to the massive health-crisis we have in developed countries . 
  it also destroys the local dining culture and the look and feel of a nice city like florence . 
  who is forcing you to shop on a sunday ? 
  please germany , come to your senses !, 
  it is so nice being able to get groceries on sunday !, 
  it 's not like the english never broke their word . 
  then please tell my an example of norse mythology in a german saying . 
  strong verbs in germanic languages are not irregular . 
  is corbyn the new antagonist for the two minutes hate ? 
  first translation into german was in the 19th century , i think, 
  give the hittites their country back , you fucking hypocrite !, 
  he also said they use black shoe polish on their hair . 
  [ the members of our ruling party have an average age of 59 , and it is called `` christian democratic union '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_democratic_union_of_germany ) need i say more ? 
  as a german , i want to apologise for oettinger being an official . 
  i think it 's embarrassing and this guy should at best be allowed to be a mail man or something . 
  i 'd rather have european nations buy german weapons than saudi arabia and their comrades . 
  it 's puzzling to me why austria should rely more on the us than their direct neighbours . 
  we should try to make europe a safer place first , then meddle with other continents . 
  you were the chosen one !, 
   bitcoin primary currency brought to you by the newspapers who invented icelandic roads that go around elf-houses . 
  then utc , i do n't care, 
  fuck daylight saving time !, 
  just have gmt everywhere on the globe , and instead of moving the clock around you just have to remember when noon is at the new place . 
  [ it 's `` rus '' , actually . 
  we also lived with shitting in outhouses longer than without . 
  how delusional can this guy be ? 
  welcome comrades !, 
  romania really needs a better pr department . 
  all you ever hear about it is gypsies and now this . 
  ... by force !, 
  just give us time to build a dyke around berlin and then do it . 
  why would they ask that ? 
  did they think you 're borat and your sister is the best whore in kazakhstan ? 
  they 'll probably look at it , think it 's arabic and send you back home . 
  literally everything except the slavic and finno-ugric etymologies is wrong on this map . 
  ... in bad german , i want to add . 
  slow and steady wins the race < 3, 
  exactly !, 
  greece used to be a roman province . 
   thrown in the cold water  after 25 years am i living on the same planet as this guy ? 
  if you watch german news you hear this every few months without further details . 
  why would they get angry ? 
  the german term `` schwul '' ( gay , homosexual ) derives from a word meaning warm . 
  a gay man * has the hots for other men * , so to say . 
  so there are a lot of jokes about gay men being warm in some way . 
  example : `` he can iron his shirt with his own hand . '', 
  i do n't quite understand how that relates to language . 
  is language considered ethnic based in france ? 
  as a german , i tend to think of germans as people whose native language is german , that includes volga germans and children of immigrants . 
  edit : i 'm not arguing here , i just want to understand the french point of view . 
  i do realize that , but was to lazy to look them all up . 
  is that the main concern for them not signing the treaty ? 
  too many languages ? 
  my american friends do n't get this joke . 
  i wonder if that 's a german thing .
