  my problem with this proposal is the fact that denying the existence of poland between 1938 and 1945 would mean that i recognized the legitimacy of the annexation and/or occupation . 
  nope . 
  the iraq war simply destroyed a few delusions a large part of the population still had about the us . 
  since when is austria part of nato ? 
  actually not empty , the sanctions are definitely not in germany 's economic interest . 
  it still hurts the economy massively . 
  we are not patriotic . 
  you took care of that . 
  there is no such thing as `` respect '' for sanctions . 
  actually it does matter . 
  because while both accusations seem very improbable to me , one is definitely much less possible . 
  also , it does not help one 's argumentation if one uses wrong accusations . 
  does n't change the fact that it seems quite unlikely that indeed happened what he said . 
  i am not sure if i understood correctly . 
  do you mean he said ( number of jews killed by poles )  ( number of jews killed by germans ) or ( number of jews killed by poles )  ( number of germans killed by poles ) because only the latter would be what he said . 
  thanks . 
  seems interesting . 
  i will have a look at these . 
  thanks again . 
  interesting . 
  do you have any links ? 
  well , they were among the very first members , together with d , f , nl , b , i. 
  this problem did n't really exist back then in the times of the ecsc . 
  germans tourists ( that is , the type of tourists that likes to grill their skin on beaches ) often do n't even speak passable english . 
  in the clich\u00e9 ( especially tied to mallorca ) they order their `` bild '' newspaper in german , too . 
  ( and if they are not understood they repeat the same with a louder voice . 
  similar maybe to the clich\u00e9 of us-americans . ), 
  it is , in my opinion , definitely a class issue . 
  ( well , german tourist groups would speak german among themselves pretty much everywhere , but that is probably not what you mean . ), 
  in my experience i pretty much always communicated with dutch people in english . 
  i have n't heard about dutch people being expected to speak german in germany , at least on r/travel , r/germany and r/german many people rather seem to complain that every german switches to english when they notice that the other person has another native language - but this is of course tied to people with higher education and urban areas . 
  [ here is an interesting new york times article on the subject ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1995/02/08/world/for-dutch-it-s-ok-to-despise-germans.html ), 
  yes , i know . 
  thanks , / u/atheismmasterrace . 
  godwin at first comment . 
  because that was the terminology used during the cold war and it stuck . 
  it may be geographically wrong , but in some political contexts it still may be helpful . 
  but of course - it 's less than ideal . 
  do you really think that luxembourg would like being counted as part of this `` family '' ? 
  as far as i know they did not appreciate the german occupation . 
  like , at all . 
  edit : also , i do n't understand the insinuation that somehow this is also the fault of germany , austria , germanophone switzerland , liechtenstein , eupen . 
  in addition to that : have you actually read nietzsche ? 
  they are really trying to keep up our nice rivalty . 
   btw : do you have a link/pic ? 
  would love to see it . 
  thanks for this interesting answer , although i ca n't hear statements about `` orders from germany '' anymore , germany does not have a majority , germany was often quite moderate compared to the demands of the baltics , finland , the netherlands , portugal , bulgaria , romania , some of them more than others . 
  but as this was indeed the the narrative , i can see this aspect now . 
  thank you very much , that was really helpful !, 
  thank you for your time . 
  just for the record : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/45dq1o/macedonia_to_seal_southern_border_employ/czxcw3u it 's not that easy that we simply \u00ednvited everybody and many were coming even before merkel said that . 
  also , we have some courts that hinder us to deport people to greece . 
  ( see the link ) i do n't think that turkey and greece can really cooperate - they do n't agree on the border . 
  ( i support greece , ftr . ), 
  turkey wants to use its leverage as well as possible . 
  and refugee distribution does n't work ... 
  germany restricts the movement of refugees - in the first time they may not leave the administrative district/town/city / etc. 
  w/o special permission . 
  i know we are pretty much the only ones to do that - but is it really forbidden ? 
  hmm , yes , but apart from hotspots how could the eu help if greece refuses eu border patrols ? 
  i am not sure , tbh . 
  and yes , you are quite right of course . 
  the sad thing is that without greece europe would n't be europe . 
  golgatha , akropolis , capitol anyone ? 
  i am not particularly happy about the greek government , but i hate the situation . 
  but if i try to see the reason why the eu commission and several eu governments want to react i also feel helpless - several countries in central , western and northern europe are no longer able to cope with the refugee influx . 
  ( and the political consequences are massive , not only in germany . 
  the \u00d6resund bridge requires id , trains no longer pass it , austria wants to help f.y.r.o.m. 
  guard the borders with soldiers , the camp near calais is a hell-hole , sweden is at the end of its abilities , ... add terrorism and you have a whole mess . 
  and yes , merkel has a massive role in this . 
  and in one month there are three state elections in germany with massive consequences for the political landscape . ), 
  many school gyms are full of refugees and many towns and villages are massively upping their spending and debts because they have to care for the refugees . 
  ( it 's similar in austria , but they seem to cope a bit better , somehow . ), 
  that would not be that much of problem , the main problem is the loss of social trust . 
  and anti-eu feelings grow . 
  as i said earlier , i am a federalist . 
  but i quite often notice isolationist thoughts . 
  many germans feel betrayed - funnily both those against the refugee influx as well as those who want to help refugees . 
  i know quite well that the german culture of welcome - in addition to the swedish one - has strongly contributed to the situation we have . 
  and i have no idea how to get out of all of this . 
  i just hope that we find a way together in europe , as i identify much more with europe than with the country of my citizenship ... stay strong , unknown greek !, 
  at least you are not going to drown in the next few years like some pacific islands . 
  and you had many crises in your history . 
  i was a the place of the battle of the thermopyles - you won against all odds  so i would say you wo n't dissapear that fast . 
  i grew up in the last 2,5 decades knowing that all the neighboring countries actually still hated us . 
  we seem to have forgotten how to cope with that . 
  maybe you should try to ignore it ? 
   ( and later we learn from you how to do that . 
  i mean , last time it took a few millenia for us to learn how to democracy - but still  ), 
  first , i feel you . 
  i really do . 
  and as i am actually a federalist i find the crisis quite horrible . 
  it really feels like the orchestra on the titanic . 
  but even if schengen were partially suspended , the free movement of greeks would not be negatively influenced - except for border controls , and in reality there are apparently no borders w/o checks except for a ferry to italy . 
  but the symbolic value is of course horrible . 
  birther pls, 
  no , you misunderstand . 
  it is , like always , the fault of the germans , you know ? 
   owever , this time we 've been left completely alone and that hit me hard as a european . 
  did n't the greek government refuse help guarding the borders ?
