i think that most europeans have lost the ability to follow the events in the syrian civil war . 
  most people probably could n't explain the link between assad and iran or name a few conflict parties . 
  ( while i am fascinated by geopolitics and international relations , i try to observe the events from different viewpoints . 
  i would be very surprised if iran would n't support assad . 
  but i was always sceptical if removing assad would be the solution to the conflict . 
  personally i usually try not to be too much emotionally involved . ), 
  most people know about the fact that one of the main reasons for the refugee crisis is the syrian civil war . 
  but most do n't understand it . 
  the media were almost all against assad , and pro-fsa , a few online outlets ( of the pro-russia faction ) were trying to somewhat show assad in a better light , most people in europe hate the is . 
  people who have followed the news know about the kurds in iraq ( because weapons were delivered there , also maybe ( if they are very attentive ) that turkey was n't as active in fighting isis as it should have from the western point of view ) , and they may know that several countries are bombing isis . 
  the more informed ones know about reports on financial support from ( people in ) saudi arabia . 
  but outside of political magazines , some subreddits and certain online outlets i ca n't actively recall many mentions of iran 's role . 
  some people in europe could probably rather see russia as a key figure in getting assad to step down . 
  ( that is part of a leading narrative in some of our media . ), 
  i support israel 's right to exist , so i am quite sceptical of iran . 
  but i am somewhat hopeful that the end of the sanctions helps benefit peace . 
  disclaimer : i a no political scientist / opinion researcher and i am not sure if i accurately portray the situation , but i tried . 
  [ all special territories ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_member_state_territories_and_the_european_union ), 
  wow . 
  italy , followed by russia . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  they do n't ask us to be one . 
  depends on the country, 
  why ? 
  with an irish passport you do n't need to go to ireland , you can work anywhere in the eu . 
  yes , turks do n't have a special status either because they did not live in their own regions here for centuries . 
  quite a few that came in the last decades came as ethnic germans . 
  i thought it was the other way round ? 
  many slaves had become slaves ? 
  no , a made up quote from freud, 
  not that i know . 
  i have no idea what op was saying, 
  20th , please . 
  you are arguing as an eurosceptic . 
  own it . 
  and yes , ec , eccs were about friendship . 
  the eu was , at least , too . 
  today i 'm not sure , according to your media it 's a plot by gernany to subdue the christ of nations . 
  it is always funny to read hyperventilating poles ranting about germany currently occupying poland , planning to evade it or enslaving its population . 
  whenever i 'm lacking drama in my life i can reliable find people like you on / r/europe . 
  please leave eu and nato . 
  i do n't think i would care too much . 
  i am not even sure that the 2004 expansion of the eu was a good idea . 
  judiging from most internet poles it did not contribute to friendship or mutual understanding , only to more vile attacks . 
  no , not anymore . 
  this was the case before it was changed at the beginning of the nineties . 
  the rest is n't part of the anthem anymore . 
  the ban was lifted, 
  is n't there a disagreement between austria and germany on one side and switzerland on the other on where to draw the border in the bodensee / lake constance ? 
  care to explain your nick ? 
  do you have a link ? 
  but anyway , about as likely as the us nuking brussels, 
  this wo n't happen . 
  sanctions between germany and u.s.a. ? 
  here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orkor_rhdya https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieh6mplff9m, 
  france demanded the currency . 
  interesting , thank you . 
  but haagerup seems to pursue this idea for some time now and the story about gabold was a few weeks ago . 
   germans tbh , we find our military pretty ridiculous in the last years . 
  you 're welcome . 
  tbh , that 's not as much of a stereotype on your side of the border , 
  it 's become a bit of a clich\u00e9 reading about us-americans trying to justify their ideosyncracies through their heritage . 
  but as long as you do n't bring it to the levels of / r/shitamericanssay ( the exposure to it is certainly the reason for the downvotes ) it 's ok by me . 
  does this help ? 
  the charges were thrown out by a court . 
  my antivirus complained about the link . 
  i think you misunderstand : if by writing this statement you identity more with your european political identity than with your national one , this is very well possible . 
  paging / u/journo127, 
  why do you think he was talking in bis capacity as a german and not as a fan of european integration ? 
  actually , the problem is the way the euro is designed . 
  a common currency without a common financial and economic policy is stupid and was always stupid and could never work . 
  i support european integration , but this way it has to fail . 
  also , the more i read this subreddit , the more am i convinced that most expansions of the eu were too fast because we lack a common identity . 
  in cases of crisis it 's still nation against nation . 
  and maybe those that say that that there is no common identity are right :( ... 
  why on earth do you continue to spread this insane story that all the fuzz was just about germany ? 
  since when are the netherlands , finland or the baltics subdued by germany ? 
  i ca n't stand this bullshit anymore . 
  in this subreddit ? 
  oh , thank you very much !, 
  are you sure they do n't take the numbers of the national institutes for statistics ? 
   it means they have to pay not if poland agreed in 1953 that germany does n't have to pay, 
  poles keep repeating that they did not have their own country . 
  well , under international law they did , even if they did not like the government . 
  actually , germany needs the uk or the ordo-liberal forces in the eu will become much weaker . 
  what a shame . 
  apparently not only our own statistics agency does not want to find this out . 
  ... congratz to latvia though . 
  on the right there is the name of the subreddit , the number of subscibers and below that : `` show my flair on this subreddit . 
  it looks like '' via `` edit '' you can choose your flair . 
  which country ? 
  ( maybe you should choose a german or federal state flag ), 
  that 's not funny anymore , if it ever was . 
  there are still 15 other states , nrw just complained that all came to them . 
  germany legally can not simply not accept people requesting asylum ( if dublin does n't apply or the courts have decided that deportations in this specific eu country are inhumane for refugees ) . 
  the only difference - at least for this time - is that people from morocco will be distributed to other states . 
  would you say that `` concentration camp in poland '' would be wrong , too ? 
  because under international law poland did not cease to exist . 
   poland did n't even exist in the time of auschwitz if you say that , that would mean that you recognize the legitimacy of annexation and occupation . 
  ( at least that 's the way it is in international politics ),
