  my native tongue is romanian which i 'm bad at , portuguese is at native tongue level , as is english ( well , almost ) . 
  able to understand 90 % of french , italian , spanish & russian ( grew up watching russian tv channels in post-soviet moldova ) . 
  polish is quite easy to understand since it is slavic based . 
  life long ambition is to learn the easy and melodic language of zhe germans . 
  it is true , expresso or vis\u00e3o are somewhat upper class , they are similar to the guardian which uses words that sometimes i do n't know the meaning of in english . 
  thats good , makes me learn something new . 
  damn that brought a tear to my eye !, 
  great video !, 
  never too late to learn it  are you living in portugal ? 
  retired or working ? 
  you 're right , paris is stronger in the financial world by a bit but frankfurt is in germoney where the money is ... 
  coz frankfurt is already established in the finance world . 
  thanks captain sherlocovi\u0107, 
  i only buy andrex on the payday , usually it is lidl premium loo that does the trick . 
  that will also give you ass cancer . 
  and historically the land of bassarabia was part of the kingdom of moldavia for centuries before . 
  in my home city of orhei the jewish population was two thirds of the 25k before ww2 , none of them are left , most disappeared courtesy of the urss and the rest was exterminated by the nazis :(, 
  what the fuck is happening here ? 
  [ link ] ( http://blog.tagesanzeiger.ch/wp-content/uploads/sites/10/2010/01/ladina2-300x234.jpg ), 
  ohh sod off , andrex is one of my favourite things in this country , i wish portugal had this !, 
  murdoch media inc. . . 
  but it 'll probably give you ass cancer . 
  tourists not native population :p, 
  maybe my hatred for russianness ( runs in the family for political/historical/personal reasons ) is speaking louder than reason . 
  one thing i hope is that some of the people that emigrated to western europe ( like my parents in the 90s ) one day will return and start something , start a change because they 've seen how other people live , they seen how other people run business . 
  one can only hope . 
  i 'd never mess with any lesbians i personally know :p, 
  i hope they used giant pink dildos !, 
  that sounds like fun !, 
  sorry you 're right , just researched it a little better and i 'm inclined to agree with you . 
  it is like what the french going to fight for isis ( not necessarily comparing russian army to isis ) , a national going to fight in a foreign army does n't sound very good ... 
  ( was making a joke . ), 
  i personally see the reunification with romania as a way of getting rid of our corrupt politicians ( i know romania is not perfect but it is miles ahead in this regard ) and also of russia 's influence , i know it is almost impossible at this point , it is like a late stage ass cancer , not much you can do about it . 
  northern ireland , scotland , wales and england have a fundamentaly different relationship between each other than say moldova and ukranine or moldova and russia . 
  ( although both are more or less based on oppressing the smaller side ), 
  could always claim to be under 18 years old refugee :p, 
  i 'm still implying albania is a shithole . 
  still does n't change the fact that your country is a shithole and will stay that way for the foreseeable future . 
  finally some good news from russia . 
  well done !, 
  edit : see ?!, 
  i can say good things about russia as well ... 
  you 're right , it is n't , it should be part of romania like nothern bukovina and dobruja . 
  too bad you 're gon na have to pay 30 % tax to import that fucker ... 
  nothing will change since their allegiance is with their imaginary motherland and not their own country . 
  bunch of cunts . 
  their logo is brilliant since it resembles with the poundland logo and is implanted in the brains of ukip 's voter base . 
  they also ruined the english flag for most people since it 's mostly displayed by racists nowadays , which is a shame because it is a very beautiful flag . 
  loads of putin cock munchers around reddit , do n't worry !, 
  the only thing it did is to make police helpless arresting gypos selling weed near pra\u00e7a do comercio , now they sell shoe polish looking like hashish . . 
  [ eastenders ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sldavewwfra ), 
  most likely , also because he once pushed for reunion, 
  in rep of moldova he 's got a decent reputation , not really sure why . 
  because it easier to blame the eu and not the torries . 
  not surprised since he 's got the intelligence of a rock ... we played for shit and deserved the draw . 
  nahh , our government is usually comprised of a bunch of russian bought cunts . 
  coz britain has no problem importing religious nuts like the pakistanis and bangladeshi ... 
  nope . 
  i know , typical leave campaign bullshit & scaremongering . 
  if anythings the turks would go to germany where they have a sizable population there and it would be much easier to get work/live . 
  ee , however underdeveloped it was in the end of the soviet union , ideologically was nowhere near as far as turkey is right now ( and growing further and further apart as sultan erdogan grabs more powers ) . 
  i know , i did n't even consider that because it is just ridiculous . 
  we 'll have mongolia into the eu before we have iraq or syria ... 
  lol , like turkey will ever get into the eu ... 
  funnily enough not a single `` romanian '' from the romanians are coming was actually romanian ... 
  watch out , the remainians are comming !, 
  looks like someone is gon na have a car accident . 
  when the title is a question most likely the answer is no . 
  i think there is some in northern spain, 
  so how is that bad ? 
  i know loads of people that work in the hospitality industry in london and all of them are foreigners , english people simply do n't want to do these kind of jobs with shity hours and shity pay . 
  great , this shit has no place in modern societies . 
  can not wait for the day when bullfighting is fully abolished in the whole of the iberian peninsula . 
  i know , i was being sarcastic about it , i know turkey is a big producing country and loosing russia as a market wo n't be such a big deal . 
  too much yeast in the baguettes . 
  shhhhhhhiihhhhsss , hey , they got ta show the turks that they can ruin their economy by not buying their goods ... 
  diversity is strength as long as we can coexist with eachother . 
  when you have cultures so different and one of them is not willing to `` tolerate '' the other one because some book says so , then you 've got problems . 
  divided people do n't turn onto their overlord lizzards . 
  ohhh man i miss a good cozido , every time i go to portugal i tend to go for the seafood which i cant get in london ( either for the lack of availability or the rip off prices ) . 
  will make sure to get one next september !, 
  so we give them free tickets to iceland then ? 
  how do you propose to solve the roma issue ? 
  romania has met the requirements for schengen a few years ago , yet nothing happens . 
  part of turkey is on the european continent , israel is middle east . 
  i know it is a very difficult area to patrol/guard , but surely will be more cost effective than having to deal will the ever-increasing migration that will get only worse with population boom and climate change . 
  how 's that racist ? 
  try force crossing from uganda to kenya without papers , see if you do n't get a nice ak47 welcome from the guards . 
  use the aid money on border patrol , problem solved . 
  file this under the no shit sherlock section . 
  o guess it depends where you go , i 've had incredible steak and ale pies in a pub in kensington !, 
  has more to do with the orthodox church presence than ethnicity . 
  i do n't know much about kurds in general but would n't a independent kurdistan have oil ? 
  i mean , right now they control areas with some oil , right ? 
  even if they do n't have the capable people right now , they could easily `` hire '' foreigners to set up the country . 
  i 'm sure china would be interested in dipping their fingers into the oil pot that kurdistan could become . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's not true , ale steak pie , chicken and leeks pie , sunday roasts , lamb roasts , bangers and mash , sausage rolls , excelente quality sausages and many cheeses , amazing beer and ciders and so on and on and on . 
  you could say it is not as `` diverse '' as mediterranean food or turkish , or as fancy as french , but it is definitely good food . 
  i have n't been to romania in over a decade , but my parents always talk about their snow holidays near brasov . 
  sovata salt lake is nice in the summer .
