  i know you 're probably being sarcastic but you 're almost right on the wine part . 
  i do n't remember where i read this but according to global warming prognosis , the north of italy and france are going to bee too warm for wine growing and england is set to become a big wine producer within the next 30 years . 
  kinda the same thing about ww2 romania . 
  the statistic this map is based on is actually wrong , rusu comes out in first place since ceban & ciobanu are exactly the same but are counted as separate so they place as second and third respectively . 
  are you really taking pitty that he 's in jail ? 
  haha , just pointing out that most people in london live in worse conditions :p, 
  sorry , read eu by mistake . 
  number one name given to boys in uk in 2015 was mohamed or derivations of the name , says enough ... 
  while i 'm against the death penalty , his is one of the rare cases where i think it is justifiable . 
  however inhuman it may sound . 
  he will not repent . 
  better spend that money on schools or hospitals and maintaining his `` life '' . 
  so let me understand this , this guy is not put down after he killed 77 people and was boasting about it yet he 's kept in a `` prison cell '' ( on taxpayer money ) bigger than my room in london for which i pay 40 % of my wage ? 
  if i read correctly , he might be out in 17 years !!!, 
  at what point did we europeans become such numb and mindless retards ? 
  everybody chill the fuck out , it as a heart attack , it always is !, 
  i do n't remember when was the last time i sent a sms . 
  usually it 's just whatsapp or imessage or for my friends who are savages , i use facebook messenger . 
  what ? 
  transnistria linked to shady deals and corruption ? 
  never !, 
  it happened before estado novo did n't it ? 
  most likely this . 
  the right wing dictatorship also used this to their advantage since it is very easy to keep ignorant people ( at that time most of the population was ) happy with a mix or religion , football and fado . 
  then visit alentejo , the vicentine coast ( odeceixe , sines and so on ) ... had the most amazing time there . 
  by any means do , i always encourage people to visit portugal , it has magnificent natural beauty , people are incredibly kind to foreigners ( i grew up there and always felt welcome , much more than in my own country ) , food is incredible and there 's a lot to see both in and out of lisbon ( i recommend porto as well if you have time ), 
  basically three shepherds kids were high as a kite on mushrooms or something and saw some bright light and though it was one of the saints or whatever . 
  being portugal and the portuguese people good catholics they made that place saint and now there 's a whole religious/touristic complex around it . 
  my mom went there and said it 's awesome ( even though she 's not very religious ) . 
  every year , people go there by foot , sometimes on their knees to ask our lady of fatima ( the apparent saint that the kids saw ) some kind of a miracle in their life or cure ill people/children . 
  most of my friends who are nurses ( i probably know at least other 10 that are not in my closer friend circle ) , all got recruited while still in portugal . 
  but most of my friend either are graphic designers who recently moved to london ( and are not that experienced , since in portugal they kind of force you to take unpaid internships until you 're 60 ... ) loads of friends are photographers like me ( and as you can guess , it is a very difficult market , considering the cost of living in london ) . 
  others have `` weird '' dream careers like concept artist for the videogame industry and so on ... 
  went there with my so , their tube system is horrendous and smells of homeless and piss . 
  the streets are full of dog shit and people are quite rude . 
  they dress well though . 
  come on , uk 's problem is with the immigration from islamic shitholes that do n't integrate well into uk society not with eu migrants who actually contribute to the society . 
  the government should just drop the bullshit political correctness and say how it actually is . 
   is n't it 35k because 35k is the point in which you start being a net contributor to government finances ? 
  i earn well under that ( 22k ) but never relied or used any state service , nhs or anything like that , pay for the overpriced oyster card monthly and already came here with a degree which i/the portuguese state paid for . 
  and like me are most of my friends and their friends ( portuguese , 22-27 demographic , university degree , working mostly in arts , design and some in coffe shops and similar ) you think it is still fair ? 
  my neighbours son is half ethnic moldovan half ukranian and he lives in transnistria , moves around fairly easily between ribnita & orhei . 
  as for priednestrovia vs transnistria both mean more or less the same thing , priednestrovia is just the russified version which they obviously prefer since long live mother russia and all that ( the only reason the country stil exists is that they keep pumping up money into it ), 
  you 'd love to see the fat saudi kids on those `` hoverboards '' around harrods or selfridges in london . 
  quite a funny sight . 
  actually they pretty much [ are ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/obesity_in_saudi_arabia ), 
  too fat to fight . 
  too rich to die . 
  have you seen most saudis ? 
  big portion of them on oxford street all look like they are going to burst at any moment . 
  i would recommend it , as u/empirestateofmadness said , it is lovely to live , food is excellent , low crime , weather is perfect all year around , services , overall , are not bad and prices are still fairly cheap ( coffee = 0.6 $ , cinema ticket = 6 $ , a beer = between 1 and 2 euros ) . 
  we also got super fast internet fairly cheap . 
  if you prefer to pay less rent , consider somewhere close to the ocean , south side of lisbon , like costa da caparica or even [ sesimbra ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/?client=safari#q=sesimbra&amp;tbm=isch ) is pretty decent or somewhere north of lisbon like ericeira . 
  [ here 's a nice list of other portuguese sayings that make no sense in english once translated . 
  ] ( http://twistedsifter.com/2015/06/portuguese-sayings-that-dont-make-any-sense/ ), 
  my bad had the wrong idea of what a harki is, 
  they basically made a harki `` country '' for themselves , called transnistria . 
  the russian speaking population of moldova is a lot like the algerians in france , they never feel like true citizens of the country so their `` allegiance '' will always be to the mother land , regardless if it is a cesspool of corruption . 
  ( not that the west is not corrupt ), 
  considering how many of my fellow working-age moldovans left for europe ( many of them , like my parents , not even thinking of coming back ) it does n't surprise me that the what 's left is mainly elderly people ( brainwashed by decades of commie mind fucking ) and the pro-moscow minorities , it does n't surprise me at all . 
  how about rubbing then into some asbestos or other get cancer as a bonus substance ? 
  by all means go , food is extremely good there ( even better if you like seafood and fresh grilled fish ) , lisbon is quite cheap to stay and there is an amazing vibe around the whole place . 
  take a day-trip to sintra if you can , you wont regret it . 
  porto is extremely nice as well , very good for a romantic getaway weekend . 
  i dont know soviet times , i 'm a hard 90s kid ... :p, 
  a big portion of the ukrainian migration was actually composed out of skilled workers . 
  my dad worked in construction with both regular people and highly skilled workers like surgeons ( one if his friends is working for the portuguese nhs ) . 
  the same goes for a lot of my fellow moldavians and some romanians ( although most if them use to work in fruit picking and less skilled jobs ) . 
  chelovek i zacon was also really nice investigative journalism into the criminal world in the 90s, 
  fuck the russians and fuck their buffer . 
  regular people should n't suffer because of some cunts in the kremlin . 
  considering london rents , if i was to become unemployed in less than 3 months i 'd become homeless , so assuming most eu londoners are in the same boat ( same age , and prospects combing to london ) , not many are unemployed . 
  not sure about the rest of the country though ... 
  expelling 3 million eu citizen from the uk workforce will be very bad for the uk economy , for london it will be quite dramatic ... 
  70 or so years of soviet brainwashing is enough for the newer generations to forget roots/origins . 
  soviet ethnic replacement also helped a lot , by moving a bug chunk of the population to siberia and replacing them with ethnic russians . 
  you do n't want to enter in the who has the shittiest government competition with moldovan people . 
  one if the suposed masterminds of the bigest heist on moldovan banks ( 1bn dollars = 1/8 gdp ) is getting his final grip on power and might become president or pm ( although he already controls the parliament by the balls ) and before that for two or three mandates we had the commies in power ( apparently 70 years of communism was n't enough ), 
  but you guys have access to sea , some natural resources and a mostly progressive european view , while moldova is only going to get worse ... 
  next to my parents neighbourhood in the suburbs of lisbon there 's a slightly smaller neighbourhood with a significant percentage of council homes , mostly for portuguese gypsies . 
  they were built to modern european standards ( some of the flats had better quality than that of my parents ) , they moved in and half a year later they broke the wall between two flats and house their horses inside ( on the 3rd floor !!! ) . 
  the rest of the families live in tents in the backyard of the flats . 
  in front they got some nice bbq area with stolen pool chairs with the city 's hotel logo ... 
  not up to date with transnistrian conflict but most people i know that moved to transnistria were of russian origin or close affinity ( one of the parents or so on ) . 
  by the time i became a portuguese citizen , the statistic of migration in moldova were abysmal . 
  one in every two kids had one parent working out of the country and two in every three kids had both their parents out and living with grandparents . 
  simply heartbreaking . 
  look at moldova , about 40 % of its population emigrated to western europe or work in russia . 
  add ozone to that . 
  our wines and cognacs ( courtesy of our fertile soil and weather ) are as good as the french but no real knowledge of marketing it or actually exporting . 
  basicaly this . 
  next bbq season in london will definitely make some . 
  my father always used the mixed mince meat with baking soda recipe, 
  stop it , you 're making me salivate myself , now i really fancy some mici with dirty mustard and warm bread i still remember those tiny little mici i had with my family while driving thru the carpathian mountains going to sovata . 
  in this episode of bullshit science 101 . 
  is cevapi something like the romanian `` mici '' ? 
  coz dat stuff 's delicious !, 
  do n't worry , if batika will decide that belarus should be friends with eu now , i 'm sure there will be some neighbours organising referendums left and right . 
  you know , the will of the people and all that . 
  is san marino considered an actual country or just a principality/tax avoidance gloryhole like liechtenstein ?
