  or maybe that 's londoner cuntness . 
  a donkey or a horse will start straight away and do n't need a oil change every time you want to drive more than 20kms . 
  the zaporojets was a shit car , it 's only usefulness was to be melted into fucking metal and transformed into spoons and forks . 
  my grampa had one for like 30 years , if it survived cold moldovan winters and my grampa 's drunk driving , then definitely is reliable . 
  avoid algarve altogether and go straight to costa alentejana , a few kms up north from algarve . 
  beautiful untouched beaches , nice food and cheaper prices ( it is less touristy tough ), 
  wonderful trip !, 
  this is good parenting , the amount of great memories & experiences that child had will definitely have a very positive influence on its development !, 
  same for ex moldova president voronin , he barely spoke romanian ( insisted in calling it maldaveneste ? 
  which does n't exist at all ) and his russian was made up of random words with bliyat ever other or so words . 
  from south-side of tejo river myself , but prefer porto to lisbon . 
  wonderful city , lovely people , delicious francesinhas !, 
  capit\u00e3es de abril is a very nice one !, 
  you got zhe russians , thats more than enough :p, 
  ehhh , must be remains of the old days since this is basically what portugal does ... 
  basically this . 
  well , since when is israel considered european enough to participate at eurovision ? 
  haha sorry , i 'm too slow after a long journey for xmas with family !, 
  most people in transnistria are actually ethnic russians . 
  no , it is still a strip of land occupied by russian tourists . 
  impeccably placed joke . 
  i actually adore bacalhau a bras or bacalhau a gomes sa but unfortunately these are not the most christmas dishes i drown myself on the moldovan food my mum makes as well so everything works out nice in the end . 
  ohhh my god !, 
  have n't seen that in ages !, 
  thank your for reminding the existence of this !, 
  mmm some nice sarmale with mamaliga and friptura would do the trick for me !, 
  1001 different types of friend :d, 
  cod , loads of norwegian cod !, 
  i think it has more to do with the fact that for almost 100 years there was russian presence and communist brainwashing , older generations are obviously stuck in the better days of the past and the newer ones are disillusioned with the successive governments of corrupts ( from both camps , pro-european and pro-russian ) . 
  a new generation , mostly educated in romania is going to come to power in the next 5 to 10 years and maybe then moldova will have a future . 
  as it stands , i see no future in moldova and have zero desire to come back . 
  neither my parents who will most likely choose to spend their remaining working/retirement days in portugal . 
  i meant european union banks and swiss , 
  you 're right , i meant cplp not palop . 
  exactly , the whole idea of cooperation between palops is beautiful but in practice almost no one is interested in it . 
  merkel needs her gas thou !, 
  so basically a quicker way for corrupt brazilian & angolan politicians to run away with stolen money and hide it in european/swiss banks ... 
  wonder why ... 
  did n't you heard ? 
  saudi ass licking is europe 's new hobby , 
  rain is wet again !, 
  igor dodon is a well known putin cocksucker on russia 's payroll . 
  nothing new coming from him . 
  business owners will try to do absolutely the least possible ( and sometimes break the law ) ... 
  do what they did in portugal a few years ago when a similar ban was set into law , give nice fat fines for those who do n't follow and make smoker-areas with huge big extractors . 
  everyone was complaining about the end to the vibrant nightlife as well but somehow people learned to deal with it and for non-smokers actually became a great thing since you can go out and not come with traces of cancer on your clothes , hair and inside your lungs . 
  add algarve to that as well . 
   marozai pikeys = gypsi morozai ( often used as derogatory term for gypsies in uk ) chavs = young white british morozai , most likely to have a england flag on their window & be part of the so called `` working class '' ( even though for three generations nobody in the family worked ) . 
  really nice website !, 
  i 'd be surprised they ever saw electricity ... 
  i 'd expect that to be a swiss thing :p, 
  i do n't know , my next door neighbours have 3 or so kids , stay at home all day and smoke weed 24/24 . 
  i rent the flat next to them for 2000 pounds a month ( from a private landlord , i live in zone1 london . ), 
  portugal - nursing , before moving to work in london . 
  says a guy whose whole extended family and their dog got government jobs and pensions for life ... 
  it is not like we use a lot of our economic area anyway ... 
  we 'd be okay giving the independence provided they pay the their part of the national debt . 
  putinstan shaming is always popular with r/europe . 
  i 'm sure it is well within usa 's interest to keep the price low so that russia ca n't recover and head deeper down into recession . 
  they will find a way . 
  just wait till the barrel price drops a bit more . 
  all these adventures in syria and the military is gon na be supported by what ? 
  they thriving manufacturing power ? 
  enjoy your freedom comrades !, 
  i knew this will be the first post . 
  absolutely lovely . 
  thats very rich coming from the same people who 's country 's wealth was built colonising the whole freaking world . 
  thanks !, 
  writing on a english keyboard is crap sometimes :(, 
  with the amount of chouri\u00e7o / pork we consume , i can not see muslims moving to portugal in the foreseeable future . 
  forgetting the crappy wages , portugal is a lovely country to live in . 
  the best decision my parents made in life was to move from moldova to portugal . 
  only their nukes are keeping china from turning them into a resource colony ... 
  and even rep of moldova , sending help to gagauzia ( so they can attack transdenister ) . 
  yes !, 
  belarus lol, 
  when the title is a question , usually the answer is no . 
  makes sense since most of the european immigrants have high level of education . 
  almost all my portuguese friends living in london have university degrees in design , engineering & medicine . 
  actually they are afraid of the homo genes that the west are including in those products , russian population can not homo !, 
  wtf did i just watch ? 
  same crap goes here in london , really disgusting . 
  can we have some of that sweet sweet stuff as well ? 
  here comes china to the syrian party ... 
  haha , i guess that 's true , 
  any official figures for this ? 
  8-10 % of their budget sounds like a fucking lot to be honest . 
  sorry for my morbid though , but that happening again would be something that would give me immense satisfaction to see during my lifetime . 
  absolutely zero chance of russia trying to get alaska , usa would send them back to medieval age if that where to happen . 
  that could actually be a good solution , would n't it be extremely expensive to build such big solar energy farms ? 
  from cia fact book : agricultural land : 80.7 % arable land 1.5 % ; permanent crops 0.1 % ; permanent pasture 79.1 % forest : 0.5 % seems very nice place to start comrade !, 
  that guy seemed like a very wise person, 
  they have 6 times the population of singapore and 3307 times the land size . 
  i cant see this happening ... 
  and run a country in the middle of the fucking desert with what ? 
  i grew up in post-soviet moldova and had a satelite dish that picked up polish channels , knowing a bit of russian i picked up quite a lot of polish from watching kommissar rex , alarm cobra & dragon ball z as a kid . 
  and yes , some of the nudity on german/austrian tv shows was stored in the spank bank for later use . 
  in portugal we had inspector max which is a shitty inspector rex rippoff used to play every sunday morning until the end of times . 
  i do n't know , this whole drama with costa doing fits to be prime-minister is being quite a show ... 
  bloco & the commies are not even interested in being part of the government since they 'd finally have to do some stuff that is not part of their ideology , they prefer their constant `` opposition '' position in the parliament , better future career management as well .
