  ( this is coming from someone who agrees mostly with be ), 
  shitty weather and not enough affection from their mothers . 
  mainly because people go to work to russia , italy and others and send money home . 
  tried to explain exactly the same thing to my russian boss today , unfortunately he 's too obsessed with putins biceps . 
  this . 
  also true for many educated moldovans as well . 
  poorer than syria . 
  `` forcing '' any type of change on roma culture always ends up being considered racist and wrong . 
  a sad romanian without mamaliga of corse !, 
  work with a italian from lake garda region , can confirm . 
  ( which is more than fine by me because i also live to eat and eat to live . ), 
  moldova : we donate organs . 
  scary how quickly things are going downhill for turkey . 
  come and join us !, 
  we 're brothers/sisters anyway !, 
  at least you speak romanian , which is something i can not say about our own minorities , 
  of corse we 're not , we 're brothers after all . 
  haha everytime i visit my grama in the north of moldova she makes food for a whole vilage , which is fine by me because i can always have mamaliga with cheese or galuci with home-made creme-fraiche all day long . 
  that money safe and sound in russian banks and already split between the mafia , putin 's cut and the rest of the moldovan politician cunts . 
  they did put the ex pm under arrest but most likely shor will walk away free since he 's protected because he snitched on filat & co. ( as for the emoji use , i 've got text replacement set on mac that sometimes replaces old-school text emoji for real emojis , i send a lot of imessages from this mac . 
  is dclauzel a emoji-using celebrity on reddit ? ), 
  a clusterfuck would be more of a better description for moldova . 
  you can park your high horse right over there please . 
  the best description . 
  [ he 's talking about this ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/cameliatwu/5021868177 ), 
  all is fucked up , russia & local oligarchs are playing their political games as usual while the people continue to live their lives in misery . 
  retired people getting 30 or 40 euros from the state ( while the cost of living is on par with romania or even more advanced european countries ) . 
  the roads are crumbling , corruption is rampant , fraudsters that stole 1bn from national banks are elected city mayors . 
  fuck , i 'm glad my parents decided to leave a little more than a decade ago . 
  why is the guy on the header image on the left wearing two cheesy rolexes ? 
  well , for starters i do n't really care about football or clubisms ( then yes , maybe i am a fake portuguese haha ) . 
  i like benfica & porto ( loved their mourinho years ) mainly because i can not fucking stand sporting and their fans ( a lot of my friends are sportinguistas and it 's impossible to be next to them on football days ), 
  hahaha , i 've been called many things , fake portuguese among them ( even though i can have feijoada for breakfast anyday of the week & support benfica/porto ) but never been called exotic lol, 
  1/5 of paris is portuguese , innit ? 
  brazil was a portuguese colony and their culture is vastly affected by that . 
  afaik chorizo and derivates were being produced in the iberian peninsula and rest of the mediterranean since roman times . 
  ( not sure about the brazilian chorizo , but the mexican one is slightly spicier since they use native chilli peppers instead of dried red paprika , which was prohibitively expensive during colonial times ), 
  the statistics on this are simply devastating . 
  i remember when we decided to leave moldova ( around 2003 ) , the statistics where something like 1 in every 2 children had one of their parents working abroad and 1 in every 3 had both their parents working abroad ( they were taken care of by grandparents ) according to wikipedia : remittances from moldovans abroad account for almost 24,9 % of moldova 's gdp , the fifth-highest percentage in the world , absolutely brutal . 
  my racist russo-british boss calls them polish suitcases . 
  edit : i 'm an retard & can not write proper english . 
  i 'd say ak47 is the best known export , for fucks sake , it is a feature of the mozambican flag ... 
  ronaldo . 
  so kind of like haliburton style ? 
  thats fox news level of crazy ... 
  i dont understand russian very well but the screenshot on livejournal is mentioning that he 's a private hire ? 
  that guy 's twitter account is completely nuts . 
  care to explain ? 
  i never know what to say when i 'm asked that question . 
  i was born in rep of moldova , although i 'm a moldovan citizen , most of my family and people i know consider ourselves romanians , moved to portugal when i was 13 ( i 'm 26 now ) and grew up there , so i consider myself mostly portuguese ( in many aspects more than moldovan ) , now i 've been in london ( with my portuguese so ) for about 2 and a half years . 
  ps : i have passports of all 3 countries . 
  love the romanian anthem !, 
  unlike the rep of moldova 's which is a complete disaster since it celebrates the language that the state decided to call limba moldoveneasca ... 
  to me the portuguese anthem is more beautiful than the one of my country of birth and the country we 'd aspire to be part of, 
  i wish the same hapened in moldova ... 
  afaik some people from psd were also involved , i do n't see your point . 
  look , i do n't mind a post-election coalition of ps with be ( with whom i all agree most of all the parties ) but the whole drama with costa was just sad , and if all the instability created by them was just a fit from costa to be pm , then fuck it , let the right have 4 more years . 
  people voted for a coalition of psd & cdspp ( running at the polls as paf ) , getting them 37 % or so . 
  ps ( socialist party ) lost the elections and since their leader desperately wants to be prime minister , they announced post election a potential coalition with be ( lefts ) & pcp ( commies ) . 
  thats not what people voted for . 
  i do n't agree with cavaco on many many things but this time i think he did good . 
  the post election drama with costa was so ridiculous it is just a very bad image for the country and financial markets, 
  there were loads of witness accounts of him visiting all the `` houses '' where the abuse was happening , one of the witnesses actually named him as the person who opened the door for them on one occasion . 
  you do n't have to be supporting ps , psd or cds to understand that this shit happened at the highest level in politics and many of them escaped because of their party connections . 
  wow , he disappeared for a few years during the casa pia pedophile ring scandal , used his party connections to escape justice and then came back to political life and now this ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  damn , you make sense . 
  sorry , misread the title . 
  i still think it is unfair for eu nationals not to be able to vote on national elections if they pay their taxes here , the same goes for working uk nationals or retired ones . 
  you 're very welcome to pay our taxes so you can support benefit-sucking-ukip-voters among other things but fuck your voice . 
  most likely bad , but who knows , we though getting rid of sadam , mubarak & ghadafi was a good idea ... 
  do n't worry bat ` ka is not going anywhere , if anything , bat ` ka jr is gon na replace him . 
  best phoenix song ever . 
  romania actually had an army and could resist ( would loose anyway , but still resist ) , moldova was utterly defenceless . 
  because every piece of land counts . 
  in soviet times , even though you did n't have studies or lots of possessions , you 'd still be able to have a `` decent '' life if you were working for the state or in the kolhoz ( state farms ) , so most people were just okay with the status quo . 
  with the transition to capitalism after the dark ages of the 90s , a lot of people , still of working age found themselves without necessary skills to compete in the market ( since many kolhozes closed and so on ) . 
  also , you have to take into account that a big part of the population lives in rural areas , most of them have basic education so only way to survive with subsisting farming or moving for work to russia ( mostly because a lot of them will be able to speak russian easily ) . 
  a lot are pensioners who live in the village who will vote for any party that will make the price of heating cheaper ( it used to be the comunists in the early 2000s ), 
  basically the same for me , except i was born a few months before moldova became independent and my father 's family suffered greatly by the communist dictatorship ( both grandparents where sent to siberia , lost all family property and so on ) . 
  at the end of the 90s , my parents just lost hope for moldova and we moved away , good part of my family is in western europe and another is still in moldova . 
  messed up times : /, 
  alliens . 
  what ? 
  i love mint !, 
  good . 
  and baaaam she 's wet !, 
  love the zooming on liechtenstein to show that there 's no data . 
  do n't worry , the money is safe and sound in russian banks and offshores in the account of mogilevich and company . 
  thats a face of a cunt right there . 
  also , he 's the mayor of orhei now , i 'm sure before become mayor , he never heard of it ... 
  so a spying agency has spied ? 
  whar 's next , wet water ? 
  bifanas during my highschool years was my fav thing to eat !, 
  better than living the gasterbaiter life in putinstan . 
  that 's it , beat a mentally ill homeless man with anal bleeding senseless . . 
  civ5 reference ? 
  but rep of moldova is not part of romania ... 
  i hope these cunts get life sentence and rot in a moldy shity prison . 
  instapapered for a later read ,
