  still , a pretty badass coast of arms !, 
  lovely city and i must say , the ancient shield of porto is very nice !, 
  even fcps flair is much nicer than benfica 's , and i am a fairly pro-benfica alfacinha , 
  xxx in a sea of red  red light district, 
  pretty badass considering most portuguese cities have weird and non interesting coasts of arms ... [ exhibit a ] ( http://montijoportugal.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/bandeira3.jpg ), 
  sorry i could n't find his campaign information but it was something ridiculous ... anyhow , [ there 's a report on him taking office and barely speaking romanian ... ] ( http://protv.md/stiri/actualitate/ilan-shor-oficial-primar-la-orhei-milionarul-investit-in-functie---1025991.html ), 
  it will eventually when all the generation of homo-sovieticus die & some of the people who left for western europe ( most have romanian citizenship ) come back . 
  everytime i visit my family ( every 3 or so years ) i see more and more pro-european sentiment , my romanian university cousins are much more evolved than they were before moving to romania for studies so i think in one or two generations things will change . 
  what we need essentially ( apart form building a non-farming based economy ) is to tackle corruption that is entrenched deep within the system , that will happen if moldova somehow joins eu or gets the romanian style anti-corruption crusaders who get orders from brussels . 
  russia is like a cancer for the smaller eastern european countries that it borders , there 's nothing you can do besides coming to peace with the fact that you have a bipolar neighbour that can freak out and come in the middle of the night to rape you and rape your dog . 
  thats why my parents chose to leave moldova at the beginning of 2000s , it is sad but better this way . 
  nothing is going to happen to him in russia since most likely the money ended up in russian mafia hands with deep ties to kremlin . 
  lol , nothing is going to happen . 
  if the shit hits the fan , the guy 's gon na flee to russia or israel since he 's not even a moldovan citizen . 
  it definitely is a shit ton of money considering most pensioners receive around 40 or 50 $ a month , thats what my gramma receive , and she has a labour medal of the soviet union and all that jazz ... 
  might as well been by legitimate ways , promising airports and shit for the city ( i do n't know , left moldova 15 years ago , but have most of my dad 's family living there ), 
  fucking cunts , every time i read about this whole store it makes my blood boil . 
  in the meantime , the guy who most likely did this won the mayorship of my home town , orhei . 
  ahhh the good ol ` soviet smack . 
  my family gabe up on moldova a decade ago , but it still hurts to know that my cousins will probably to make the same decision in the future . 
  lisbon is a wonderful city to visit !, 
  pro tip : instead of queueing for ages at pasteis de belem , go to the yellow tram coffeeshop just outside ( towards the jer\u00f3nimos ) , they serve almost the same thing ( although my gf says they actually buy them the pasteis de belem place . ), 
  good job brothers !, 
  i hope this is seen as a sign of progress for r.moldova so maybe they can pull their head out of their collective asses and work more on european integration . 
  does yours have all your fiscal , medical and personal data + biometric photo ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we have this already in portugal, 
  yesterday you said tomorrow !, 
  catalonia it 's your turn !, 
  dirty spaniards !, 
  brothers !, 
  i really hope so . 
  most people like me , would move back in a heartbeat if the conditions where right . 
  if that happens , people with the experience abroad would be the moving force for some proper change in portugal , at economical , political and cultural level . 
  til, 
  isnt that why they call you guys hahols ? 
  ( not really sure if it is a derogatory term ), 
  wasnt he an azeri or armenian oil magnate that left most of his fortune to the state ? 
  i for one , aprove of the removal of all security labels , leave natural selection do it 's job . 
   especially if they went through 3 major wars ( 1st , 2nd and the balkan ones ) and 45 years of pseudo-communism that was not dismantled at all . 
  how to fuck up a country 101, 
  then why not pay people a proper 12months salary instead of paying 13 and 14 ? 
  no wonder portuguese economy is so fucked . 
  ( this among many other reasons ), 
  actually she receives something like 550 euro , she 's a cleaning lady working in margem-sul do tejo . 
  i mean , we the human race . 
  edit : also , it was for the exaggeration purpose of showing that we , humans , are inherently retarded by nature and need all sorts of rules to `` keep us in check '' . 
  1200 levs is 613.53 euro . 
  official minimum wage in portugal is 505 euro , if you count the 13th and 14th month it up to goes to 589.17 euro . 
  for comparison , minimum wage in bulgaria , according to google is 184.07 euro . 
  this stereotype is mostly perpetuated by the fact that their ethnicity is called roma ( vere similar to romanian ) and that most of the contact you guys had with romanian citizens happened to be people of roma ethnicity . 
  it is not very difficult to confuse one with each other ... 
  good . 
  we also have stickers saying not to put cats in microwaves . 
  or only take asylum seekers from refugee camps in turkey , properly vetted all while trying to work with other big players to solve the fucking sirian crisis in in the end . 
  fuck , that 's more than what my mom makes in portugal . 
  to be honest , that 's really what we care about , at least the big portion of the population . 
  its kinda like the same logic that catholic people use when they get to have some sweet sweet pre-marital anal sex , you know , to preserve virginity in the eyes of god . 
  yep , must be mentally exhausting . . 
  til, 
  most jewish people will live in big cities ( in this case , malmo , oslo & gothenburg ) and most refugees expect to be placed in cities as well ( remember the bus full of `` refugees '' where they refused to leave because they realised they 'd be placed in a village and not in the ritz in oslo ? 
  ) , it does n't require a lot of brainpower to realised this is a recipe for disaster , sooner or later . 
  `` serbia 's crown prince '' sounds something like a ww3 starter ... :p, 
  he 's ethnic moldovan ( his grandfather was an prominent anti-commie fighter before he was sent to die in siberia ) and although i understand he grew up/made his career in professional money stealing from the state coffers during soviet times ( when russian was the defacto language of the whole soviet system ) , it is still not an excuse to learn a bit of proper romanian , since he was the president and all ... 
  for example , republic of moldova is a small , poor but free/sovereign state ( at least on paper ) , if tommorow putinstan decides to invade and take over the whole country , do you think eu/us/nato would do something about it ? 
  probably not , it 's not worth starting ww3 over a small patch of land , on the other hand , if russia tried to pull the same shit on romania , who 's a full fledged nato member the things would be completely different . 
  he 's speaking bad russian mixed with horrible romanian ( with moldovan accent , this is the same person that was arguing that there 's no romanian language in moldova , only moldovan language ) and pretty sure some brain farts in the middle of the sentences . 
  he got elected for a few terms with a mix of vote rigging , populism attractive to low-income people in rural areas of moldova who got fucked by the transition to capitalism really bad ( and dream of the good old days of the soviet union ) & russophiles who hate having anyone in power that 's not a putinbot . 
  sorry , my mistake , i meant compete on the global stage . 
  if the big countries like us and china dictate terms on the world policy , trade/economics for example , how can a smaller state like portugal do anything ? 
  you can be the best at making porcelain , but if somehow big boys put an embargo on your country 's porcelain trade you 're fucked and there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  i wish more people would realise that small , fractioned countries simply can not compete with big boys like china , usa , russia & co in the future . 
  exactly . 
  i understand that it is more difficult for people to learn foreign languages at an older age than in school , but still , not an excuse for someone in politics or in government . 
  but then again , moldova 's [ ex-president ] ( http://st.unimedia.info/storage/video/2012/01/perle_de_la_voronin_1.mp4 ) was n't able even to speak the state language at a basic level . 
  how people in high politics do n't know english is beyond me . 
  been trying to do this for freaking ages , take my gf to see my `` origins '' . 
  probably would start in bucharest and drive my way up to timisoara or so , stop at sovata salt lake on the way and take the transfagaras . 
  one day , one day . 
  recently , people in the streets were actually protesting against re-estabelishing a army that can fight on foreign soil ... can you calm a nation even more than this ? 
  `` lawmakers '' lol, 
  it 's gipsy music how da fuck is that considered romanian ? 
  maybe it 's time for me to go back ps : plus i can have all the friptura & mamaliga i want !, 
  they are still playing catchup at the moment . 
  it 's like trying to cure a gangrene with aspirin , they need to chop the leg off . 
  and moldova . 
  he 's like that fungal infection under your toe nails , nothing seems to work until you fucking amputate your leg . 
  uk is leading in that front ... 
  and from what i understand it , most places you buy for like 99 years or so ? 
  moldova is not a member of the eu , you retard . 
  who cares , start patrolling the fucking aegean sea and return the boats back instead of spending more money on people who will resent europe in a few years because `` we 're not halal enough '' . 
  and while we 're at it maybe start working for a solution to this ridiculous civil war instead of wanking each other every time a shitty resolution on refugees is agreed . 
  i doubt it , prices here as fucking ridiculous . 
  the airport is due for an extension anyway ( currently it is in the middle of the city since lisbon grew much more than expected when it was built ) . 
  but yeah , airbnb and big multinational chains are a problem and i hope we ride this wave of tourism nicely without fucking the character of the city because it is beautiful !, 
  i also think we should try to invest more in other areas of the country , there 's so much more to portugal than lisbon , sintra , algarve and porto . 
  as for hen and stag parties , fuck that shit , they can keep their money . 
  we already have the local gypos selling hashish on rua do ouro and pra\u00e7a do com\u00e9rcio ( it is actually shoe polish and police does nothing ) so i do n't think that will change much but yeah , having a city with more clueless tourists walking about would n't be very good for local population edit : also , this bigger strain on the lisbon airport will pressure the government more to move their ass and build the airport at the airforce base in montijo for easyjet and ryanair , this will be excellent for the area since there will be more jobs opening up and the ferry boat service will have to improve to bring all the tourists to lisbon , currently it is used by a big chunk of the commuters who live in montijo and work in lisbon . 
  afonso dom henriques and co did n't die for nothing !, 
  considering we 've almost zero muslims it is no wonder that lisbon is becoming an even bigger tourist attraction in times like these . 
  i know man , panic will break of if trump is elected in november ...
