  were n't angola and brasil seen as oversees territories ? 
  we still insist oliven\u00e7a is ours , the spanish insists it 's theirs , they prefer spain coz of higher wages/chaper petrol so go figure ... 
  if i 'm not mistaken , we 've had the same border for over 800 years give or take . 
  the oldest unchanged borders in europe . 
  hey !, 
  that 's my uncle 's line !, 
  why should these countries pay ( in this case with loss of territory ) for years of soviet ethnic relocation/cleansing ? 
  we 'll celebrate that with a nice glass of port . 
  probably portugal , not sure if it would be the safest place but somehow we managed to avoid both world wars plus , nobody cares to destroy it anyway . 
  life is good there , so if i 'm supposed to die , i 'd rather die on a sunny beach . 
  least secure would be moldova probably , russia would bulldoze the fuck out of it in less than half an hour while moving for central europe . 
  mainly because we ca n't stand the french as well :d, 
  i can see why , 
  kinda agree with uk on this one . 
  are you joking ? 
  africa 's birthrstes are there because there 's lack of sex education ( either cultural norms or religious customs get in the way ) . 
  plus , their birthrates are nowhere near sustainability levels now and wont be for the next few decades . 
  the country does n't have enough children because economy is shit , health care is a joke , childcare is expensive as fuck . 
  education is becoming more and more of a joke . 
  i 'd love to leave uk and move back to portugal , and i will definitely move back in the next five years , but i ca n't see myself having kids there . 
  reminds me of a `` friend '' i got , he 's the founder for a well known portuguese startup company , they got featured in one of the big newspapers complaining how portuguese brain drain was affecting their growth potential . 
  they were offering a position for a ios developer skilled in server technology ( iirc ) as well for 800 euros a month . 
  their excuse for offering such a joke of a salary was that the position was in braga ( north of portugal , cheaper rent and expenses , but not that cheap ) . 
  can we just please put this guy into a retirement home for people with dementia already ? 
  not the marcelo rebelo de sousa is much better , but will definitely be a better president than this old sock . 
  good . 
  sounds like they are going that way , a bit worrying tbh . 
  i wish uk had more vietnamese , they are so nice and pho is absolutely delicious . 
  yep , tasty tasty sausage hot dogs . 
  with new potatoes and onion on the side . 
  nom nom nom . 
  pretty much :(, 
  and damn those kielbasa `` hot-dogs '' at the markets in the uk are amazing . 
  actually , i 'd say madeira accent can sound just as retarded and a\u00e7oreano is just incomprehensible , that why we always get subtitles when theres tv reports with a\u00e7orianos speaking . 
  tia de cascais accent is annoying as hell . 
  it is fine , we have our share of them, 
  it 's not like the chavs suddenly will start working ... 
  what about boyfriends and husbands of said workers ? 
  do you recon these people will stay in this country if their beloved ones would be forced to leave ? 
  most moldovans i know ( with romanian passports and living abroad ) would vote 100 % for unification with romania . 
  40 million sudanese in europe sounds like a dream come true  / s. 
  while i have absolutely zero sympathies for russia , i do n't want some chechen mafia psycos running around selling nukes left and right ... especially when we have lunatics like isis around the world . 
  so fuck my human rights if i was born in some shithole in eastern europe and want to move to sweden , right ? 
  especially when nukes are involved . 
  i 'm assuming they wont strip her of citizenship ( in case she has dual nationality ) . 
  they do n't finance the trips themselves , it is the gang leader ( usually called buliubasha ) that take care of that . 
  what about wales ? 
  i swear to god , my generation ( born 90s ) grew up with that shit , if it was n't for the internet a lot of people i still know in moldova would be proper soviet brainwashed sheep . 
  almost 100 years of brainwashing + population is mostly peasant who never left their village or city of birth + parties appeal to populism + the fact that for 20 years we did n't have a decent tv station ( russian first channel was the defacto leader of viewership ) + a big chunk of the emigrant population goes to russia as opposed to romania , italy or spain . 
  ( please keep in mind that i have n't seen the documentary yet , too busy binging on ripper street ) i wholeheartedly agree with your sentiment , while on one side i agree with a strong stance on these cunts i also do n't want to live in a orwelian society where everything and everyone is controlled by the state and where police can do as they please in the name of security . 
  i think this will be one of the challenges we 'll face in the future , finding a balance between nanny state protection and civil liberty & freedom of speech ... 
  of course , just saying that some laws need rewriting for todays world . 
  it is quite counter-productive to try to extradite someone so evil and vile , while the only limitations to it is laws made by us ... 
  this . 
  and the opposition and mainly pro-russian parties use this fact to brainwash people : which europe ? 
  see ? 
  they are all corrupts ? ... 
  laws are man made , laws can be changed by men as well . 
  considering most of these laws where made at a time when we did n't have to deal with this kind of threats . 
  british political correctness and laws ( he could be executed if deported back to syria or iraq or whatever shithole he crawled out of ), 
  abu hamza , one of the radical preachers the uk government was trying to deport , lived on 600 or so pounds a week with his family in a 1.2 million house , paid by taxpayer money . 
  as an immigrant in this lovely yet sometimes bizarre country , who does n't mind paying taxes in this country , this makes my blood boil . 
  exactly , cyka ( read suka ) is like curva/whore , but used as a general swear word . 
  suka also means bitch ( as in dog female ), 
  blyat is a swear word in russian , kinda like `` fuck '' . 
  commonly used in eastern europe in general and in moldova by mostly uneducated people or villagers . 
  it is how my fellow moldovans speak , half russian half romanian . 
  unfortunately is very dead right now . 
  but there is still hope , moldovan attendance in romanian universities are one of the biggest in the last few years , mentalities will slowly change . 
  moita , some nicer areas of seixal , montijo , alcochete and so on is quite nice ( lived there 13 years since i moved to portugal ) very quiet sleeping city for people who work in lisbon . 
  alcochete is very upscale in some areas and houses there are nicer than in cascais for a fraction of the price , same arrogance around there though . 
  and offshore companies moving stuff around to russian banks ( according to the investigation ), 
  from what i understood , all this `` protest '' was organised by the party of the balti ( 2nd largest city in moldova , fairly pro-russian ) mayor renato usatii ( who 's pro-russian ) to try to make the new pro-european government fail . 
  these cunts play their power games while the regular people still suffer in a country were the average wage is lower than some african countries . 
  pongo love que se va lixar lol, 
  holly shit , been to setubal gadzilions of times but never heard of that . 
  if we ever need to test a low-power nuclear hydrogen bomb , those would make an amazing place . 
  apparently the protest was organised by usatii 's party , gawd , ca n't decide who i 'd hate more usatii or plahotniuc ... 
  they were taking them one by one with their riot gear and shields in hands like a bunch of matroshkas hahah, 
  no probs , it 's just my take on the situation , slightly pro-bromanian-european biased . 
  from what i understand with my broken romanian ( been out of the country for more than a decade ) from the news , a year ago , 1 billion dollars ( roughly 1/8h of the gdp ) disappeared from one of the main banks , the state had to bail them out . 
  the main culprits , are assumed to be illan shor ( israeli/russian national , heir to a duty free empire , now mayor of my native city , orhei . 
  he never stepped foot in orhei before being a candidate for mayorship . ), 
  with the involvement of moldova 's richest person , plahotniuc ( who 's been running the parliament from the shadows for the past few years ) . 
  there was a power struggle a few months ago and the premier at the time , [ vlad filat ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-moldova-protests-filat-iduskcn0s91by20151015 ) was arrested on the suspicion he was involved ( which he probably was somehow involved but mostly it was a way to get him out of plahotniuc 's way to get 100 % power in parliament ) . 
  today , apparently the parliament voted for a new government in less than an hour and only gave two hour notice to the mps that this is going to happen . 
  ( do n't take my word for it on this part since i only could find two websites with info on this ) . 
  according to the website the protesters already broke off one of the main doors ... hope they get that plahotniuc criminal and his friends . 
  greater dacia stronk !, 
  those poor souls !, 
  how are they going to feed their families ? 
  with bread and buckwheat like the rest of the peasants ? 
  moldova can into nordic ?!!, 
  yeah , that is true , portuguese is the same , but harsher sounding . 
  but the golden globe of swearing goes to the russians , suka blyat !, 
  lived in brixton for a few months , now i live in vauxhall , so i guess i live in cuntland :p, 
  one day i 'll have that beautiful charming bbc english accent , one day . 
  but for now i the essex influence of my boss will have to do . 
  and i much prefer insults in english . 
  coming from a warm country like portugal and living in london for the past 3 years , sometimes i find british `` coldness '' quite depressing and charming at the same time .
