so , just out of curiosity , how much would you spend on a pub night out with friends ? 
  one thing i never understood is the rounds thing , so if i go to a pub with 5 other friends i would have to drink 6 pints in total ? 
  no wonder brits are always pissed out of their minds at 9pm . 
  i hope so . 
  and i hope uk adopts a hardline non tolerant policy on this type of shit , revocation of asylum or uk citizenship ( in cases where they have double nationality ) and hopefully prison sentences for people involved . 
  good luck or some other retarded belief . 
  lovely !, 
  i guess the soviet ethnic cleanse did some wonders ... 
  next in line is moldova . 
  so , basically they are fucked . 
  i 'm pretty sure 6.5 billion euros is not gon na cover it this monumental clusterfuck of a fuckup ... 
  do n't forget that they live in what is mostly a fucking desert , irrigation and modernized agriculture can provide food for a limited amount of people ( maybe it was more than enough for the population of these countries in 1900 , but now in 2015 , their populations are 10 bigger ) , to that add increasingly harsh effects of global warming coupled with crazy ass beliefs in a special imaginary skydaddy and you got yourself a nice explosive cocktail . 
  the tesco metro near my house is a piece of shit of a store , there 's always big queues ( never more than 1 person at the till , while there are like 5 tills ) , the self-checkout are always fucked , store layout is not very good at all . 
  all in all , bad quality service at much higher than normal price ( lidl is like 5 min away from it anyway ), 
  even if they would not use the nhs , study at a government funded school or university or claim housing benefit they are still at net cost ? 
  i find it hard to believe that having a workforce , already schooled in another country ( so the uk government has no investment made in these people ) is bad for the country . 
  zone 3 at best , or preferably , out of london . 
  i do n't mind the government spending money ( actually support it fully ) to help refugee and asylum seekers but placing them on one of the most expensive places on the planet just seems retarded ( remember the ones refusing to get out of the bus because they realised they were not gon na live in guttenburg , sweden ? ), 
  as for the tory benefit cap , i 'm sure the house they 've got ( which is believe is owned by some charity or lambeth council ) so rent usually would be cheaper than the # 2000 i 'm paying as private ( my landlord actually bought the house from the council or something ) . 
  most of these 300.000 will actually be economic migrants from within the eu , many actually working and paying taxes ( & i happily pay my fair share of it ) . 
  i pay # 2000 between three rooms + bills and a big chunk of money for council tax ( which partly supports these refugee homes ) next to vauxhall , while my refugee neighbours have the same house for free . 
  why the fuck would you settle them in zone 1 if they are not even working ? 
  he forgot the / s, 
  because he 's a crazy left wing hypocrite . 
  should be enough time to get their finish sharpen , no ? 
  fucking stockholmite sock heads !, 
  what are you doing wrong ? 
  just not enough white guilt !, 
  in portugal if you live for 7 or 8 years there you get free citizenship ( well , you spend like 1000 euros on documentation ) . 
  source : me . 
  poor woman , that 's almost vlad-level cruelty !, 
  same shit in most of eastern europe . 
  my grandfather used to tell us very similar stories . 
  i spent a few weeks in bursa and was astonished the amount of words that are similar to romanian , the sounds are also very similar . 
  aaaand i 'm officialy hungry . 
  also lots of words and sounds from turkish , ljke the sh and tsi ( sorry no romanian alfabet on my phone ), 
  i cant speak for the countries of palop as i dont have many friends from those countries but i can speak for my background ( moldova ) . 
  romanians & moldavians speak a similar language ( latin roots ) and 99 % are orthodox/christians/agnostic , even our food is similar to food from alentejo and tras os montes . 
  i do n't expect my parents generation will be fully integrated in portuguese society ( decades of communism fucks your mind to a irreversible state ) . 
  however , people of my age ( 20ish ) will more than likely be fully integrated ( i consider myself more as portuguese than moldavian ) and my cousins generation ( the first to be born in portugal ) will be impossible to distinguish from common portuguese . 
  another factor why people integrate in portugal easier ? 
  because the people are fucking nice and welcoming !, 
  one can only hope . 
  where are those dirty romanian and bulgarian gypsies ? 
  welcome to `` peripheral europe '' , 2010 and onwards . 
  of my inner circle of about 10 to 15 friends , all but one ( and he is coming at the end of the month ) left for `` greener pastures '' , uk , italy and germany . 
  the other day i bought avocados from sainsbury 's because lidl did n't have them , left them 1 day to ripen up a bit ( seemed too green to me ) , cut them up in the morning and nearly threw up , they were all rotten inside . 
  tesco is destroying itself anyway . 
  as previously stated in the comment bellow , apple makes its money from hardware sales ( with their rather high profit margins ) , unlike google and others ( and it is nothing wrong with that , different people have different priorities ) . 
  yes !, 
  it is true , and coming from a country that prefers better tasting stuff than good looking ( moldova & portugal ) it is indeed refreshing to see in uk . 
  i also like that they tend to have more `` select veggies and put in bag '' than selling prepackaged bags of apples ( with excessive packaging and polystyrene ) . 
  i have yet to find eatable avocados at tesco ( even if i let them ripen up ) while the ones from lidl are delicious . 
  good !, 
  lidl is my favourite supermarket here in london , you obviously do n't get the same `` quality '' products and do n't always find the stuff you want . 
  i like their approach towards veggie selling ( less packaged stuff ) . 
  plus they adopted apple pay ( while the sainsburys cunts insist on using barclays new system to track their customers ), 
  i believe they are made by renault , so not bad at all . 
  porto is a nice city but for me is more of a two day visit city than actually living there , it is quite degraded and lots of empty houses in the city center, 
  try something like sintra , it is near a big forest , very fairytale like small vila , very close to lisbon and the sea . 
  lots of dinning out places and it is still fairly cheap . 
  portuguese people are very welcoming and warm . 
  the food is awesome all year around ( if yju dont eat pork it might be a bit more difficult , but you still got very good fish and seafood ) . 
  no wonder , out of my inner circle of 10 friends ( all with university degrees and pretty good in their own fields ) 5 are in the uk , one moved to italy last year , one is moving to germany this month , another is coming to london next week ( with his girlfriend , highly qualified nurse ) and the rest are in portugal ( either have kids or are planning to emigrate as well ) . 
  holidays in portugal are sad as fuck, 
  as a luso-moldovan i applaud you sir . 
  tourist visa is ending i guess . 
  hong-kong post is one hell of a beast ... 
  nobody gives a shit about moldova :(, 
  in my case , i ca n't stand the closed minded village rusophile mentality thats prevalent over there , i wish i had enough will power to go and do something , open something of a business or so , but everytime i go on holidays to see the rest of my family , i just get depressed . 
  maybe one day !, 
  a lot of people go out of the country to study or work and maybe when they 'll return they will bring something positive with them . 
  i for one are not returning , but there 's a small part of me that 's always sad about it, 
  while shor & co got elected as mayors of my beloved orhei , what the actual fuck ? 
  one can at least dream !, 
  proud of you my romanian brothers !, 
  thats how me & my family got romanian passports . 
  at the end of the 90s , if you went to a court in romania ( i think thats what they call those ) , with your moldovan certificate of birth and some proof that both of your grandparents are of romanian descent , sign a piece of paper & you can start the naturalisation process . 
  i ended up in portugal , getting portuguese citizenship as well , but thats another story ... 
  he 's a prime minister , spain is a constitutional monarchy , not a republic . 
  dodon is the perfect example why his mother should have swollowed it instead . 
  was in barcelona for 5 days , did n't have a problem, 
  to be honest uber cabs always provide a better service than the black cabs , safer & cleaner cars , no physical money involved , automatic receipt by email ( great for the trips paid by my company ) , driver rating and other security features . 
  and they drive south of the river . 
  vodafone portugal will do the same . 
  i wish more companied were like three in uk , i 've got free roaming in loads of eu countries and usa , including data just with my monthly plan . 
  did n't know they had ukrainian politicians in the turkish parliament . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  it would be something like fbi instead of state police in the us . 
  they generally deal with bigger cases and in this case there was a firearms involved in the incident , the regular police ( psp ) has to pass it onto policia judiciaria ( pj ), 
  yes , i remember when my uncle was in the moldovan army and the brief fighting was on , on the otger side were russian forces not trasnistrian . 
  arguably getting support from kremlin ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  transnistria has been a kremlin puppet since its inception , it only exists because russia keeps supporting that cancer of a regime with money and arms . 
  moldova would be much worse on this map if 60 % of the workforce wasnt in spain and italy sending money back home . 
  plz plz romania anchluss the fuck out of moldova , it is the only way for its people to have a decent future . 
  he must be referring to the huge muslim population in london . 
  yes , fake hash dealers ( usually it is oregano or shoe polish , thats why police ca n't do anything ) are a real pr problem for lisbon in my opinion , but if euro2016 was to happen in portugal , i 'm sure the police would have crack down on these twats . 
  portugal could do with a euro , we got the infrastructure from 2004 and great transport links and almost zero terrorists living in the country ... 
  not sure about being a eu double agent but i 'm sure she 's a russian one since fn is known for having funding from outside , plus , politicians like her with anti-nato and anti-eu convictions are putinstan 's wet dream , divided europe ready for carving up .
