  i think when he finally fucks off into the grave he 'll still be high up on the list of cunts the screwed the world for their personal gain . 
  why is this fucking lizard still alive ? 
  ( i 'm on the remain side ) too late for that no ? 
  should have done this before the vote . 
  get out of here with your reason and facts !, 
  maybe other eu countries are fed up with the special treatment ? 
  if i was the netherlands i 'd want special treatment as well . 
  idiots calling her a cunt and all sort of names because the interviewer asked her in the end if she 's thinking of coming back to romania and she said no . 
  there 's a massive diference calling someone romanian and roma ( enterily diferent etnicities ) . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i know of the whole situation , even though my parents made their life in portugal , i was made fully aware of the situation and the complications of such a unification . 
  a man can dream . 
  me too . 
  big people soup machine is great !, 
  most moldovans like me moved to portugal with romanian citizenship but many remained , it is a fairly small comunity in portugal but most have made a great choice as moldova is quickly going down the drain . 
  we came for the sun and construction money , stayed for the sun and bacalhau :d depending on how this brexit shitshow works out , i 'll be back within 2 years or so . 
  romanian citizenship . 
  i 've got moldovan citizenship because i was born there , romanian citizenship because i 'm an ethnic romanian and pro-unification . 
  i 've got portuguese citizenship because i lived 15 + years in portugal and consider it my home nowadays , when my london adventure ends , i 'll go back there with my ( portuguese ) girlfriend and start a business or so . 
  sorry , did n't explain it properly , i got triple nationality . 
  i 'm a third-romanian , so 33 % triggered . 
  i think when he dies there will be more parties around uk than thatcher . 
  like not all hot tubs are jacuzzis but all jacuzzis are hot tubs . 
  anyhow , seems like that fucking murdoch lizzard had his way . 
  sure , the propaganda used by the nazis was certainly on another level of dehumanization , but do n't you think that 30 years of constant propaganda and lies by the sun , daily mail and the rest of murdoch co will have the same effect in the end ? 
  so bullshit tv shows like the romanians are coming does not count as propaganda ? 
  good , enough is enough . 
  england 's oldest ally is portugal . 
  we have the same partnership agreement since the 1300s or so . 
  possible next pm ? 
  looks like a specialist at taking england out of europe . 
  i would have voted remain if i was able to . 
  i live in the uk and will be affected by this as well , although not as much as actual residents as i can always fuck off back to portugal . 
  but i still feel for my british friends and foreigners in this country that were planning on staying . 
  nonetheless , i still think cameron giving the people this referendum was the right choice . 
  it was bound to happen anyway , with or without him , it was a ticking time bomb perpetuated by the decades of misinformation and general ignorance of your average brit . 
  but everyone wanted more democracy !, 
  nice !, 
  puts poland on the map for my next trips this or next year . 
  any more recommendations ? 
  it really does n't matter it was bound to happen anyway if ukip would 've gotten more votes , which was only a matter of time . 
  i 'm sure of it . 
  let 's hope they can sort something out . 
  otherwise the shit will spread . 
  of course it was punishment . 
  in all fairness , portuguese voters did vote for parties who for decades sucked up the eu money but never managed to implement key changes to the economy , manufacturing and services leaving portugal in the shit state it is now with the ever growing debt it has now . 
  and we keep on electing people who fuck up even more . 
  good job !, 
  catarina martins and the commies can fuck off with their referendums , would only bring more shit to our country . 
  exactly what my lazy english friend told me on the day afterwards while complaining the older generation fucked them . 
  except you should n't really blame cameron for calling the referendum , he only gave people what they were demanding , the choice was theirs . 
  was discussing this with my so , what the fuck were people expecting ?!, 
  as much as it pains me to say this ( considering i live in this country and have loads of young british friends ) , they deserve all the shit from this shit show . 
  i hope this does n't happen . 
  they have shown they 've got no desire to be part of this union , let them go . 
  has to be anyone who 's either stupid enough or cheap enough to trigger article 50 , since pretty much any aspirations of political life would be burried under the tower of london . 
  and no rebate coz that agreement is void the minute article 50 is triggered . 
  i 'm pretty sure sturgeon can play the whole brexit veto thing into `` look at westminster making the englishmen wishes imposed over scotland again , lets take our country back '' and achieve their lifelong dream of independence . 
  not sure how much economic sense this would make not that he oil prices are shit though . 
  i feel sorry for the 48 % , i have many friends who do n't have the same opportunity of leaving as i do . 
  the rest , completely deserve this shit show and the darker times ahead . 
  like the potential disintegration of the actual united kingdom ? 
  voting does n't work ? 
  i mean , worked like a charm to fuck up your country for the foreseeable future . 
  how come you did n't kick them out then ? 
  brace for the downvotes, 
  i though this fucker had money why are his teeth all fucked ? 
  britain is heading for recession and will be in recession for the foreseeable future , pretty sure the scots wo n't give a shit about that as long as it looks like the english are denying them sovereignty and freedom of choice by taking them out of the eu against their will . 
  she 'll probably be remembered as a hero . 
  no , would be a nice power play probably . 
  scotland overwhelmingly voted staying and defying westminster and getting rejected would only anger the scotts and demand referendum , all the stars are aligned . 
  he got a shit souffle with poison and has to eat it , which one way or another finished his political carreer . 
  a pedo has more chances of coming back to this than him . 
  what would those grievances be ? 
  fisheries ? 
  agriculture ? 
  i really do miss it , if shit hits the fan here in london , i 'll definitely go back and start something there . 
  having family and friends there is always a bonus . 
  so the leavers are like the tea bag party of usa ? 
  i know . 
  i 'm not really into the startup world , but try [ this ] ( http://www.startuplisboa.com/ ) or [ this ] ( http://lisbon.startups-list.com ) . 
  also , porto and braga have been getting a bit of startup action , so google that as well . 
  if you get a nice wage , life in portugal can be splendid , people are super nice , food is excellent , weather is very nice and sunny , cost of life is relatively cheap , beach is close by and their relaxed lifestyle is so much nicer than say , average londoner stress level . 
  when so many people voted out because they , and i quote a guy being interviewed on tv `` we do n't want any more muslims '' , going back to the colonies to get more work force is going to work out just splendidly . 
  look around for fat arabs near harrods i 'm sure one of the would have a contact card for their supplier . 
  if only there were a few extremely wealthy countries in the gulf who could fund some of this instead of buying 20karat diamond encrusted pet tiger dildos . 
  again , founding member . 
  he was on the fisheries committee , has like a 30 % attendee rate and was still bitching about how unfair it was to the uk fishermen in the leave campaign , what a fucking joke . 
  i 'm really sad for you guys , i have some english and welsh friends and i 'm really sad that their future will be greatly affected by someone voting completely uninformed or misinformed with a no way back . 
  anyhow , come to portugal , loads of startups for you to work . 
  i 'm in london and my life will be greatly impacted by this ( whether is directly or indirectly ) but i always have the option to fuck off back to portugal , the poor english youngsters are royally fucked . 
  still , let them enjoy the ride :p, 
  should there be a eu wide referendum within 10 or 20 years from now , i 'd vote no . 
  either you 're in or out . 
  the brits showed already they are not worth of trust . 
  they are going to need it when the 3 million old brits comming back from spain , france and portugal will need nhs attention . 
  of all the places in england why the fuck would you want hull ? 
  so it begins ... 
  true , managed to avoid building affordable housing then comes out and blames it on the migrants straining the public services ... 
  the nhs can start to work on that now .
