  hey , do n't hate me , i was born in moldova ... 
  to be honest the lack of sounds of russian tanks driving into you must be a nice score for the quality of life in italy and spain . 
  my question was a bit more on the philosophical point of view . 
  which people you think are worth enough not to `` concede '' into slavery to the russians ? 
  poles ? 
  french ? 
  sorry guys , had way to much chipotle last night . 
  when is it worth fighting a world war then ? 
  when you got that cancer spread all the way to viena ? 
  to paris ? 
  ' 16 , summer of the crazies ? 
  exactly , look at what was happening in molenbeek , loads of people knew where those cunts were hiding and not a single soul opened their beaks . 
  right in the punjab ? 
  i 'll take eastern europeans and indians any day of the week over somalis and pakistanis . 
  we do have loads of somali and ethiopian `` asylum seekers '' here in london , got loads of them as neighbours . 
  most are unpleasant and obviously have no intentions of integrating , judging by their 4 year old girls completely veil covered . 
  we do have loads of somali and ethiopian `` asylum seekers '' here in london , got loads of them as neighbours . 
  most are unpleasant and obviously have no intentions of integrating , judging by their 4 year old girls completely veil covered . 
  probably , just another one that came with the wave of post-brexit retards who decided to start posting on r/europe . 
  like which ones for example ? 
  privileged renault meganes !, 
  privileged renault meganes !, 
  is it me or the amount of union jack trolls exploded since the referendum on this subreddit ? 
  is there any way to block them so i do n't see their verbal diarrhoea, 
  it is n't very good of humans and the calcium it provides is n't that much better than the one you can get from broccoli or spinach . 
  and it is extremely bad for the animals . 
  the best thing about birmingham is that you do n't have to step out of the fucking nec to get back to london . 
  any tldr for this ? 
  what about the education ? 
  is it being promoted or is the government keeping it from the mass population ? 
  what are you even talking about ?!, 
  the whole shit show in the middle east that is happening because of the booming population ( and other factors ) that is a direct result of the lack of education + better medical treatment available ( higher life expectancy & lower infant mortality ) , same shit is going down in africa . 
  lack of education . 
  transnistria is a byproduct of the soviet ethnic cleansing of native moldovans and ukranians in the region . 
  got some friends in istanbul and bursa , all university educated and working in great jobs , most will probably move out of turkey because of this and only the corrupt and the islamist apes will remain . 
  it is really sad because i always though of them as the good example of what muslim countries can become , progressive and prosperous . 
  turkey is going full retard this time . 
  so sad . 
  they actually have firearms divisions in the police force , you see loads of them at airports and strategic points . 
  been in london for three years and i 've only seen police with guns maybe twice . 
  sure , i 'll agree with you that ideals are important as well , but there should be a middle ground between idealism and reality . 
  corbyn is just a loud left wing humanities student in the body of a depressed 50 year old . 
  leaders should lead . 
   17 year old afghan fuck me sideways and color me surprised . 
  he reminds me of my housemate , `` i wish the world was kinder and better and did this and did that '' , yah darling the world is not like you want it to be , get over it . 
  he 's an absolute joke and completely unelectable person for pm 's office . 
  ca n't understand why labour did n't get rid of him so far . 
  you 're usually less than an hour away from the beaches and if aquatic sports are your cup of tea , you can definitely get some there . 
  also , coffee !!, 
  it should be different in lisbon since most erasmus students that come to portugal usually end up staying there . 
  come to lisbon , nearly everyone your age speak english , we 've got great universities , it is relatively cheap to live here and food/drinks & people are amazing . 
  also , loads of sunshine all year round and relatively cheap flights anywhere in europe . 
  i understand how it can be understood as racist ( are muslims even a race ? 
  ) , buttttttt : i 'm just pointing out . 
  if i had to choose a different european country to settle in that would be a major factor , after economy strength/employment , environment and food . 
  the security of my family would be of upmost importance to me . 
  how many bombing/terror attacks did you see in portugal or czechia or poland ? 
  ( and what 's the common denominator there ? ), 
  too many muslims . 
  i saw that interview live with that `` journalist '' and party member , how convenient ... 
  most basic thing in a coup , capturing leadership , they did not even try , he was busy giving facetime interviews with private tv channels , he was able to land at ataturk airport , how ridiculous is that ?!?!, 
  it seems it was all a pre-planed thing ( the hole call to prayer by his religious puppets and organised protesting in his name was to convenient ) not he can remove anyone he wants from power , probably even kill the whole opposition and tighten his grip on power even more , maybe he can finally change his legal name to sultan erdogan . 
  i feel for you turkey . 
  was n't a failed coup , more like a inside job to be honest . 
  most do n't understand basic economics and the others are in denial , some are optimistic . 
  within my circle of friends , loads are talking of changing jobs ( potentially getting redundant in the near future as some companies are freaking out ) , others have entire projects frozen and waiting to see what happens before their companies invest more money in the uk and others ( my boss included ) are talking of moving operations to another country ( our company is location independent ) . 
  i hope this does n't make london a less attractive market for business , but talking for myself , do n't see myself being here more than a year or two . 
  i believe it is one of the oldest forms of writing that is still in use today . 
  and we would hear more from that gove and bojo cunt a bit more , oooohh wait ... 
  pretty sure at this point if they do n't trigger article 50 within a year you will start hearing about alternative options from outside the uk . 
  fuck , i feel so bad for my secular turk friends right now , many of them were talking if leaving , i guess it is really going to happen now ... 
  i 'm sure erdogan would beg to differ . 
  beautiful !, 
  stay strong french bros and sisters . 
  for fucks sake !, 
  sorry about this bro !, 
  stay strong . 
  may lost all her credibility within 5 seconds by appointing these two clowns to her cabinet . 
  ca n't wait until they actually leave so the anti-eu bunch can get fucked . 
  it 's fine , soon you guys wo n't have to deal this him or any of his colleagues . 
  salazar was n't enough ? 
  you wan na go full hitler ? 
  hold on , was n't that figure something like 35k ?!, 
  so you 're saying i 'm ( eu citizen ) not a burden on the state but an actually contributor to this country ? 
  was refering to czech rep and slovakia, 
  no muslims over there . 
  shit man , really sorry to hear about this . 
  where is your wife from ? 
  would moving out of the uk be out of the question for you ? 
  once you meet the threshold for how long do you need to keep earning that ? 
  while i 'm kind of in favour in cutting non-eu immigration to the uk , this rule just sounds retarded . 
  so how did you manage to get around this ? 
  can you elaborate more ? 
  why is that ? 
  they are illegal immigrants . 
  why are we even spending money on these people ?!, 
  intercept the boats and send them back . 
  butt hurt french found . 
  we only learn when we get burnt with the fire we play . 
  color me surprised .
