  so by your logic 2 + million gypsies should loose their citizenship as well . 
  i still have it but both my passport and id card need renewing, 
  i had/have romanian citizenship also ( my whole family has it , mostly because all of us actually consider ourselves romanians first and moldovans later ), 
  i think there are different kind of benefits for both the stay or leave sides . 
  i think it just would sound very weird to say portugueso-moldovan ... although portuguese of moldovan origin makes sense in the portuguese language . 
  it would be a shame if brexit happens , i feel like the eu would be a better place with the british counterbalancing germany a bit . 
  hahahh i did , i moved to london :d, 
  i 'm a moldovan born and portuguese citizen ( got naturalized after living in portugal for more than a decade ) . 
  luso means portuguese , as lusitania is the old name for portugal . 
  also , when refering to portuguese with dual nationality luso isnused to denominare portuguese , luso-american , luso-chinese and so on . 
  definitely better than anything in moldova right now . 
  must be one of the best things i 've had in my life . 
  love it to bits !, 
  you might not find it difficult but the rest of the regular plebs do . . 
  tell that to the ruskis, 
  portugal was super catholic until the recent times ( it still is but most of the young generation are not interested in religion at all ) and nowadays we got gay marriage , gay adoption law was recently passed . 
  a lot changed in that department in the last 10 to 15 years . 
  i do n't see how eastern european countries ca n't `` evolve '' like that . 
  does n't stop moldova :d, 
  [ are you sure ? 
  how the hell is luxembourg safer than portugal ? 
  it 's like 2h away from molenbeek . 
  sure , they are not that big of a minority like in romania but they still are present , in almost averaged sized city ( and we 're talkin like 50.000 people or more ) you will find them . 
  i will definitely go there with my girlfriend , maybe go on a roadtrip around the area since that 's more interesting than showing her my home country of moldova ( the republic of ), 
  prince charles has some rural rustic retreats for tourism near the border with ukraine . 
  also , apparently , he has vlad tepes blood in him or lizzard or something like that . 
  yes and no , technically moldovan people are the same as romanian ( minus the russian , ukranian , gagauz and roma minorities ) , but for 70 years moldova was under soviet occupation so massive russification of the population was under way ( starting with imposing russian as main language , and later writing romanian in cyrillic alphabet ) . 
  one day , onde day , the unification will come to life . 
  lower paying-tomato picking jobs , just like in portugal . 
  worst pr thing that ever happened in romania . 
  you 'll still need pakistanis to work in your off-licences though ... 
  my portuguese girlfriend does this as well , i always take the piss out of it . 
  another one bites the ~ ~ dust ~ ~ ice . 
  pretty sure they can cross reference data from passport holder and so on , no ? 
  when i was eligible to become a portuguese citizen , i had to give a loads of paperwork , everything from where i was born , until the 5th grade of school before i moved to portugal ... surely uk is the same , no ? 
  if my name is the romanian version , does it still count ? 
  til i 'll be a villain . 
  countries spy on each other , shocker !, 
  you will , do n't worry . 
  true , but do n't ruin their white people bashing , 
  what if i come from one of those countries that did n't do colonialism , in fact was a victim of russian colonialism/tourism , is me complaining about the council not being to eastern european enough still racism ? 
  because human feces are always preferable to remains of communism . 
  if a white male like me said that there are too many black people on lambeth council , that 'd be racist , rite ? 
   slammed his own party leader for having links with hamas and hezbollah , the pic in that article makes him look like he 's ~ ~ enjoying ~ ~ sitting on a giant buttplug . 
  but you guys will still bend over , because colonies !, 
  ahh we use to have some of these in my home country , some had really nice designs and most had human feces in the back . 
  he probably meant `` faiths '', 
  there 's enough of rotten apples in both pro-eu and pro-russia camp for dna to feast on ... if the conflict in transnistria was to be solved ( by granting them independence ) , if moldova were to vote for union with romania and if romania were to accept ( probably via referendum ) with the blessing of the eu , dna would have no problem of jurisdiction , just going there and clean up shop . 
  i know you do n't want it , but grand union with romania would be the only salvation for the moldovan people . 
  a kickass dna office to take care of all the corrupt politicians and clean up house would be more than welcome . 
  otherwise , i do n't see how moldova will survive the next 50 years , all the young are leaving , only old people and russian speaking population is staying ... 
  sure , but give'em time to develop them ... 
  in all fairness , if i lived closer to romania i 'd go there all the time , there 's a bit of everything , history , natural beauty , mountains , beaches ... prices are fairly nice as well . 
  if violating treaties is a no no and countries of origin wont accept their citizens , why not life in prison ? 
  like in a `` work '' prison with minimal usage of taxpayer money ? 
  the south keeps dragging you down !, 
  niva is their only half decent car lada makes , after all , my grandad had a niva for over 10 years ( if it survives my grandfathers driving , it will survive fucking siberia ) . 
  everything else looks like a 90s matchbox on wheels . 
  their economy is in the shitter again ? 
  they usually pull this shit when things are going sour to distract the population . 
  had to be a fucking kid playing with his kite of hope on the first photo of the article . 
  except for lisbon where it is lisboeta . 
  so did the portuguese immigrants in france in the 60s , there where literally signs in shops saying no dogs / no portuguese ... yet somehow they do n't blow themselves up . 
  that 's a very retarded and simplistic conclusion ... 
  i 'm sorry but for the most part thats bullshit . 
  i am son of eastern european immigrants in portugal ( 1st generation ) , i faced some discrimination and difficulties ( arguably not as bad as mena people would experience ) in assimilating/integrating , my parents never had any help from the state nor they asked for it , yet we made sure we went out of our way to learn the portuguese culture and integrate into society , follow their way of life to the point that nowadays you would n't think i 'm not portuguese , unless i tell you my name . 
  like us we know dozens of other families . 
  integration does n't happen because people do n't want to integrate . 
  not implying they are but the same could have been said about the first wave of immigrants from north africa in france a few decades ago , the second and third generation is the problem . 
  just to point out , there are many north african immigrants though , loads of them illegal . 
  laws can always be updated . 
  while i agree with you , i really wish these cunt get put away for life in a isolation chamber . 
  because people are upset about the brussels attack and that i dont give in into the muslim bashing , so popular with many subscribers of this sub . 
  i 'm sure most italians do n't even have a problem with that . 
  there was this guy stuck in a refugee camp in italy or slovenia in a news report , he was complaining that the free meal he was receiving was only pasta ... 
  they would still complain that in europe they receive only macarons , macarons all day ... 
  that would be solved pretty quick again , no ? 
  it 's not like argentina is in great financial and military health ... 
  lovely !, 
  really want to visit that place one day !, 
  not sure if you 're serious or not ... 
  it is definitely hurting the turkish tourism , i have loads of friends that all wanted to visit istanbul and turkey in general and have been postponing the trip because of the recent attacks . 
  i 'm still convincing my girlfriend to come with me to istanbul and every time we 're close to booking a holiday , there 's another attack . 
  exactly !, 
  and thats the best way to help us . 
  only the russian speaking , elderly & the lazy did n't get romanian passports and left the country . 
  it is good for us to go to weatern europe and civilise ourselves a bit , the ones that end up returning to the country try to do something , start businesses and so on with the hope of helping the country ... 
  yes i understand . 
  gagauzia , is slightly different from transnistria because it is landlocked by a single country so russian peacekeeping would only be possible if they actually invade moldova ... 
  they never felt part of moldova , they are remains of the ottoman empire influence in eastern europe , add that to the money coming in from russia and you got a nice destabilizing pet project for them . 
  although it is a bit awkward since turkey also pumps money into it . 
  moldova has two as well , transnistria ( de facto independent from moldova ) and gagauzia ( a very autonomous region on the brink of asking for independence ), 
  learned polish as a kid while watching dragonballz on rtl7 , knowing a bit of russian helped understanding it a bit more . 
  for portugal is 50/50 , loads of lads fucking shit up ( mostly around albufeira ) and there 's the typical quiet middle class family either in algarve or lisbon . 
  the english are sensitive as fuck about their class system / `` warfare '' . 
  the funny thing about their shity logo is that it was probably made somewhere in bangladesh for 10 quid . 
  ukip 's looks like a poundland-type logo , and quite frankly represents their voting base . 
  pretty sure they were into homo stuff way before the greeks ... 
  curiously enough , most chinese i met in london are gay as fuck . 
  the article i read was mentioning that it takes a few years for the vineyards to become fully mature and good for producing wine-grade wine , so keeping in mind the rate of global warming and that , i see there 's gon na be future in english winemaking , too bad the brits do n't appreciate the good wine and are used to the gallo or any other spanish `` reject wine '' ...
