  most of eastern europe is underdeveloped because of the 60 or more years of communism and the after-shock of fall of communism ( before that you had countries like poland that were raised to the ground during ww2 ) . 
  portugal had a repressive dictatorship for half a century that perpetuated under-development of the lower classes in order to keep the elites at the top . 
  loads of older folk of 80 or so years old that are not able to read or write . 
  also , it is funny you 're judging immigrants while this country colonised half the world and its most of its wealth is a product of exploiting other people ... 
  here are we going into the get off my lawn territory . 
  but i constantly notice how bad some modern parents are , especially those who use ipads as nannies , when i was a kid , it would be enough for my mum to look at me in a specific way and i 'd stop whatever bad behaviour i was having . 
  nowadays they pet them do whatever the fuck they want . 
  no wonder we 're growing a retarded society , just like in the movie idiocracy , the fatter and stupider the better . 
  also , before i got my job , my boss had an northern english guy working for him , for like a month or so , he was constantly late ( like 15-20m ) and when told off for it was replying like `` whaaaat , it 's inly 15 minutes ! '' . 
  another one , when asked to create some videos for some of the products we sell answered that it was n't her job , because she 's a photographer not a videographer , when in her contract this is properly described as one of the duties and the same was said at the interview process ... 
  true . 
  i also think this is a byproduct of the development of the country . 
  for example , i come from an extremely poor country ( the poorest in europe if i 'm not mistaken ) , virtually anyone will know how to cook a meal from scratch ( no pre made stuff and so on ) , when i moved to portugal this was the first thing i noticed , many people ( younger generations ) did n't have a clue how to cook basic things ( mainly because the standard of living is much higher and pre made stuff is affordable ) , then i moved to london and this is just ridiculous . 
  there are people from my generation here barely know how to operate a microwave ( seen my housemates explode eggs in the microwave and shit like this ) . 
  i think you can apply this laziness-due-to-higher-standard of living to almost anything , it is kinda like a byproduct of the modern times . 
  the problem with total ban on ivory ( like us does ) , at least from the antiques business perspective is that it actually incentive for the black market trade . 
  our company sells antique silver ( tea sets and so on ) among other things , and many georgian , victorian or french silver pieces will have some parts made out of ivory ( usually 100 to 200 years old ) like insulators or handles . 
  i think it is stupid to ban stuff like this on antiques ( us customs usually open the parcels and break the ivory in pieces ) that already existed way before this ban . 
  aside from that , i think modern ivory trade is ridiculous and should be prohibited . 
  old people 's measurement system is what i used to call it when i was working at a printing shop . 
  just for fun . 
  we 'll probably move back to portugal and start a business within 2 to 3 years , depending how brexit goes . 
  experienced this first hand . 
  my so is a vet nurse and a very dedicated one , when we moved to london she was all excited that she can take more after work classes so se can get better at her work and learn more . 
  her colleagues ridiculed her for taking after school courses and learning german at the same time , they used to call her `` superwoman wannabe '' and all that . 
  to be honest , the laziness of some of the younger generation is ridiculous . 
  all they want is party party with no hard work or dedication for what they do . 
  no wonder why my boss does n't hire english people any more , and no , the wages are on pair with the rest of the industry if not slightly above ... 
  mostly because farfetch operates in the area . 
  `` this is fine . 
  this is fine . '', 
  never heard of them but would n't be surprised . 
  come portugal !, 
  let 's hope costa lowers the taxes for the technology sector so we can get some of those sweet sweet start ups comming to lisbon . 
  better weather , better food , cheaper everything . 
  luso is a prefix that comes from the word lusitania ( old roman name for roman province that now is known as portugal ) and sometimes when people refer to the portuguese people they often use `` o povo luso '' ( the people of lusitania ) . 
  in modern days it is used when referring to something that is half portuguese , like luso-americanos ( americans that are half portuguese ) or luso descendentes ( people of portuguese ancestry ) . 
  similar to the way we use sino-american or sino-russian in regards to china . 
  it is certainly better than my boss ' english , he lived in the uk for the past 15 years and still says he `` was '' instead of `` where '' all the time , even after me taking the piss for it every single time . 
  i think in the voronin times the power was mostly in his hands ( so therefore he was more autonomous ) , now it is kinda fragmented between all the parties and that plahotniuc octopus so they obviously need orientation from their master at all time . 
  our politicians enjoy sucking russian cock on a daily basis as long as funding is coming . 
  when the riots happened last time , that voronin cunt flew straight to moscow to ask his master what to do . 
  edited . 
  thanks, 
  ohh shit !, 
  you 're right . 
  thanks !, 
  pound is low , silver price is on a all time high since the last silver crash . 
  my boss must be rejoicing inside . 
  times are going to be good for the antiques business . 
  edit : i 'm a retard and ca n't write english . 
  ahhh the famous `` i 'm not racist , i know a black guy '' . 
  hahah so true , at least he does n't look like a cunt the way farage does . 
  yep , this guy is awesome !, 
  fresh off the boat who knows the language ? 
  half the pakistanis or bengali i 've met in london barely speak english , let alone know anything of the local culture , traditions or history . 
  what other things in common you guys share ? 
  cricket ? . 
  better fill your tiny little island with farmers from muslim shit-holes , keep the empire feeling alive ... makes all the sense . 
  anyway , no point in arguing with brits about this , you guys know whats best for your own country . 
  you 've made your choice , good luck . 
  a polish kid growing in uk will be way more british than some of these after 4 generations . 
  so put the house on fire and run ? 
  fair enough , but living even outside of m25 in a decent school area is still much more expensive than almost anywhere in portugal and the quality of life is nowhere near as close . 
  ( i 'm talking about better air quality , adequate transport links , cheaper everything , great international schools , amazing food and fish thats more than the shitty unsalted cod you find in most supermarkets . ), 
  what a shit-show . 
  spineless cunts . 
  much much lower cost to do business and quality of life is superior for the same money he spends a month in london . 
  our business is location-independent , as long as fedex operates near us it is fine . 
  exactly . 
  if you think the young ( and mostly healthy ) eu workers are clogging the nhs then wait till all the old brits that crack a rib every time they fart start coming back . 
  my boss is already thinking of moving the whole business operation to portugal , i 'd be delighted to be doing the same thing while living in portugal , close to family and friends and away from this miserable weather . 
  like him i know many more . 
  lol , by 8pm most brits are drunk out of their minds . 
  why would any swiss person want to move to uk ? 
  hahah overstatement of the year . 
  maybe my experiences first hand are not representative of the whole english population . 
  speak to any of the older generation lower class english in private and you 'll see . 
  surely you guys prefer to keep those educated contributing members of society ( who i 'm sure did not receive a free council flat in the 80s / s ) instead of those filthy eastern europeans and other eu migrants with their diplomas ... 
  not really , but i 'm romanian/moldovan by birth and while i 've never been discriminated against ( at work we joke all the time about the romanians are comming bullshit but is all in good fun ) , all this anti-romanian ( and anti eastern european ) rethoric is a bit distressing . 
  english people in general do n't like immigrants ( as seen by the vote in the referendum and recent xenofobic attacks ) but i somehow feel that their hate against eastern europeans is more like a mask for their true hate of pakistanis , middle easterns and blacks . 
  ( coz you know , that is actual racism and xenofobia ), 
  i for one agree with this . 
  if i did n't have so much time/money invested in uk i 'd be somewhere else . 
  language is so much easier . 
  yes , which is exactly the part of the population you 'd like to multiply more . 
  haha true . 
  but i was referring to these bunch of `` optimistic '' articles from british media recently , you can see it is forced as fuck . 
  i guess it is better than pessimistic articles though . 
  trying to manage that post brexit depression ? 
  good . 
  the first one is spot on . 
  the others were kinda shit . 
  my company sells antique silver , if the price per ounce goes another 10 % we 've hot jackpot . 
  low pound and high price silver makes all of your stock look like it 's always in a 40 % off sale for the foreign markets . 
  especially you guys, 
  russia can take them back if they love them so much . 
  the sun gives you ass cancer , toilet paper does not . 
  no offence intended to other lizards out there . 
  must be buying all that black albino blood from africa for his immersion baths .
