  well , there is no prosperity if we do n't have working currency region . 
  if we want to integrate , this mean common fiscal policy and sharing the risks . 
   let failing regions fail `` failing regions '' did not fail before eurozone . 
  same can be said about differences between countries . 
  northen italy is as rich and productive as germany or switzerland , it 's the rest of the country that takes them down . 
  in finland there are few regions that grow and produce , rest is just like southern italy , sucking money . 
  ` better answer is to abandon euro . 
  currency valuations can settle the issues and fix economic differences . 
  working currency region should have some automatic wealth transfer mechanism . 
  in us federal budget smooth out regional economic disturbances . 
  eu will probably end up doing the same thing when currency adjustments are not possible . 
  reduced taxation , welfare benefits trough common budget will do the trick . 
   you would essentially create a wealth transfer mechanism if you want to have working currency region , thats what you need . 
  having that risk transfer mechanism going trough banks is not good idea , of course , but wealth transfer must happen if we want to keep eurozone going . 
  banking crisis is now the smaller crisis . 
  the biggest problem is the huge unemployment . 
  there is old finnish saying : the best solution is the worst enemy of the good solution . 
   at the moment germany and france dominate debates because they have taken much of the initiative in doing so , not because the system is skewed towards them . 
  there is no open debate for germany and france to dominate because things happen over the head of european parliament . 
  all important things are decided between countries in big conferences where leaders from each countries meet . 
  the agenda is set beforehand between few core countries . 
  then their leaders meet few other heads of state and include them and use different incentives to make them join them . 
  when they have enough support , they call a meeting and tell everyone else what is decided . 
  if us would be run like this , governors of california and new york would first set the agenda and then would turn to texas and florida and negotiate with them in secrecy . 
  then there would be huge meeting where these big states would push the agenda over others . 
  * if it 's broken , fix it ? 
  * i think eu is broken in two ways : democratically and economically . 
  #democratically broken european parliament does not have real power . 
  it 's not ok that every time when something really important must be decided , few big regions , like france and germany , meet and negotiate solution that others must accept or decline . 
  # economically broken there is this concept called optimal currency region and eurozone is far from it . 
  eurozone fulfills only one criteria : capital mobility . 
  all other criteria , like labor mobility , price and wage flexibility , fiscal transfer mechanism , similar business cycles are missing . 
  you could fix it partially if you would create real fiscal union like united states has . 
  euro was economic decision made for political reasons and now the whole eu is in limbo because of it . 
  # solution you can solve these both problems with either increasing integration or decreasing integration . 
  lack of democracy could be solved by either creating real us of e with ** real ** parliament , president and whole shebang , or by dropping the parliament and just creating looser union of independent states where state heads make the decisions . 
  economically eu should either take step towards more integration ( common fiscal policy ) or take step back an reduce integration ( drop euro ) . 
  we have common monetary policy without common fiscal policy . 
  we should choose between common monetary and fiscal policy and separate fiscal and monetary policy and not stand between . 
  i think it should be clear that both problems with eu should be solved to the same direction and at the same time . 
  having political union without fiscal union is not going to work and having fiscal union without good democratic mechanisms and accountability would lead to even more problems in the long run . 
  # personal opinion it looks like politicians or europeans in general are not willing to take big steps to either direction . 
  this means that the problems will solve itself by sting of emergencies in the long run and euro will be dropped by many big countries . 
  i 'm favoring slightly more reducing integration , but i think there would be also merits in unifying eu if doing it right . 
  my biggest worry is in the `` doing it right '' part . 
  international companies must follow local laws . 
  if us authorities would like some data from these servers , they would have to go trough eu officials . 
  nsa spying is mostly about foreign intelligence that goes past any legal frameworks , so it would be seriously limited in most countries . 
  britain would of course bend over backwards . 
  create laws that require : 1 . 
  non public information from the users in eu countries must be stored in eu countries ( email , private photos , stuff in google drive etc. ) . 
  2 . require that serving public content to users in eu must happen from servers located in eu . 
  data can also be stored elsewhere , but responses must originate within eu . 
  this way us could not snoop user behavior . 
  put size limit for the business that must comply . 
  small companies in us can be exempt , but when they grow and become significant players , they must have part of their business in us countries . 
  all big players like amazon , yahoo , google , microsoft , facebook , have servers in eu already . 
  they would just have to move more of them here . 
  us would still spy , but mass surveillance would be significantly limited . 
  when could services in us provide services for eu countries they are provided under the eu-us ' safe harbor data protection framework . 
  http://export.gov/safeharbor/eu/eg_main_018365.asp this agreement does not in any way protect against government intelligence collection . 
  in case it 's not already obvious , spying by it 's nature violates many international laws and regulations . 
  bugging embassies , or tapping internet traffic is not stuff that you can forbid using laws . 
  arab culture has very different way of using rhetoric . 
  for them verbally insulting the enemy or opponent is an art form . 
  they use very heavy language that often shocks people who are used for more reserved language . 
  looks lame and peaceful compared to football match . 
  lahti is a paradise http://www.vice.com/en_uk/read/your-town-is-a-paradise-lahti finding the best meat mug in the world http://www.vice.com/en_se/read/meat-mug-lahti, 
  iran was democratic country . 
  then us+b ritain arranged coup to change that in 1953 . 
  the coup was the first time the us had openly overthrown an elected , civilian government . 
  iran was constitutional monarchy with democracy and it was changed into authoritarian monarchy . 
   getting rid of the primary deficit is obviously the first and most important step to debt reduction . 
  debt to gdp ratio is the issue . 
  you can reduce this ratio three ways : inflation , paying debt back or economic growth . 
  greece has passed the debt limit where austerity and paying back the debt can work , because it starts to affect future gdp growth ( reduced spending education , infrastructure investments and health of people will have huge cumulative effects in following decades ) . 
   the debt itself does n't , and can not , automatically vanish not automatically , but part of it eventually will . 
  banks have already taken haircut for the debts , and eventually there will be more to come . 
  probably other eu countries take haircut for the loans they gave to greece . 
  greece will not survive this debt load with austerity , because austerity reduces gdp ( and amount of taxes that can be collected ) and when debt/gdp ratio increases , while debt load just increases . 
  greece also has to continue to invest into its infrastructure and people if they want to have economic growth in the future . 
  i agree . 
  these numbers are also adjusted over business cycles . 
  associated article : [ by one key budget indicator , the structural primary balance , even greece is doing better than the united states . 
  why that should worry us . 
  ] ( http://www.economonitor.com/dolanecon/2012/10/08/by-one-key-budget-indicator-the-structural-primary-balance-even-greece-is-doing-better-than-the-united-states-why-that-should-worry-us/ ), 
  what do you think , should we expel biker gangs , neo-nazis , far right groups , anarchists , etc. 
  also ? 
  it should be :  france will expel those threatening security ~ ~ and secular values in the name of islam ~ ~ if france will use threat to secular values as reason , they should expel lots of catholic priests and alternative medicine practitioners . 
  they are bigger threat to secular values than islam . 
  security is reason that can be justified . 
  people should have the freedom to threaten secular values as much as they want as long as they do it peacefully and do n't promote violence . 
  freedom to oppose secular values is part of secular values . 
  without germany in the eurozone , euro would have massive devaluation . 
  it would make remaining countries much more competitive . 
  of course , the question then arizes , why not cut eurozone completely and return to original currencies . 
  this way each country could fix their competitiveness . 
  this all reminds me of finland in the beginning of 90 's . 
  when our economic bubble bursted , bank of finland and our government was driving our economy deeper into recession by holding up to the idea that having strong currency is more important than underlying economy . 
  once the back of the bank of finland was broken and we let our currency float , our economy started to recover gradually .
