they are also the party that spends most money per elected member . 
  tight-passive is usually losing strategy , but the losing happens from multiple small losses . 
  loose-aggressive is not generally good strategy either , but against tight-passive it would be good idea . 
  the main problem in this conflict is that russia is allowed to manage the risk it 's taking . 
  if the sanctions become too heavy , russia can start serious negotiations and the result is the end of sanctions . 
  if the west wanted to take control of the situation , they should threaten with escalation . 
  for example : permanent isolation of russia in the same way iran is isolated . 
  russia could not control the risk anymore . 
  small escalation could result decades long pain . 
  i do n't think it 's just black sites . 
  us clearly do n't need countries next to russia for its own defense . 
  it would be more reasonable for us to wants support for it 's foreign policy . 
  i was wondering how i could get quantifiable evidence for this idea . 
  i decided to use highly divisive iraq war just because you can get data . 
  look at this map : https://i.imgur.com/0zmp7nh.png it looks like russia is surrounded by countries who support us foreign policy more than others . 
  they are fucking with nato . 
  just when obama left estonia and promised to protect it , they take officer . 
  they know that nato countries just want to de-escalate . 
  if this was poker : nato is playing tight-passive and russia is playing loose-aggressive . 
   we are all in this together , governments do n't sympathize each other like people in those countries may do . 
  eu has limited interest in ukraine . 
  the policy that eu has towards ukraine looks odd only if you have idealistic assumptions that nations care about each other . 
  ukraine is outside eu and nato . 
  eu countries are only are seeking to minimize damages and inconvenience because ukraine do n't matter them as much as it matters to russia . 
  russia knows this . 
  tony blair as their spokesperson !, 
  http://i.imgur.com/tg5b03a.png this joke is funnier in finnish because aircraft = machine and violates = insults . 
  there might be moral obligation help , but i argue that morality is not how international relations work . 
  i 'm interested in understanding how things work , not how they should work . 
  there are two main branches of international relations theory : idealism + liberalism and realism . 
  you are taking idealist/liberalist viewpoint . 
  i represent realism . 
  1 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/idealism_in_international_relations_theory 2 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_international_relations_theory 3 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/realism_%28international_relations%29 4 . http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/realism-intl-relations/ i argue that the reality of international relations can be explained by realism . 
  countries look mainly for their own interest , they only explain and rationalize them using moral principles . 
  only when the world powers and their internal goals reach equilibrium where no one will gain from changing the system , international organizations and agreements have value and the the system based on idealist or liberal ideas of international relations can grow . 
  relations between states are anarchic , organizations above states are not strong , nor do they have independent power . 
  international agreements are more of codifying current intentions , less about binding states to them . 
  once the equilibrium changes , we are back to realism and power politics ( this equilibrium roughly the idea presented in war and change in world politics ( 1981 ) by robert gilpin ) . 
  i do n't think the interests of european countries are as aligned as most people believe . 
  russian interests are mostly in the the area starting from ukraine and ending in kyrgyzstan and it competes there mostly against us . 
   say the ukrainians stand up to russia by themselves , suffer heavy losses , and manage to drive them off . 
  what 's to stop russia from picking another target ? 
  russia ca n't afford costly wars either and it has very limited amount of battle ready troops . 
  that 's why ukraine has realistic opportunity to put stop of this rebellion if it can manage to get 100,000 - 200,000 so fighters who are willing to fight . 
  in the current situation russia is using small number of well trained contract soldiers ( mainly vdv ) to threaten with potential action , but i do n't think russia wants costly war . 
  they want to win with short action or have frozen conflict . 
  if they get into larger and prolonged conflict , they must use conscripts for troop rotations and their logistics will crumble . 
  war is come as you are party . 
  everybody is average joe before they get into their first fight . 
  wwii was fought with average joes . 
  chechens fought russians long time . 
  finland has 230,000 men in reserve , israel 445,000 , ukraine 1,000,000 . 
   fighting for one 's freedom sounds good when it 's not accompanied by the sound of guns being fired at you . 
  i agree and i can understand why ukrainians do n't want to fight . 
  but the opposite is losing parts of your country and subjecting it to the will of others . 
  us or eu are not going to send their troops to fight for ukraine . 
  it 's not moral justification . 
  it 's reality . 
  if someone beats you into face , you do n't respond by saying `` you have no right !, 
  '' , you either fight back or shut up and take the beating . 
  that 's how [ power politics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/power_politics ) works . 
  you have only what you can keep . 
  us or eu want deal with russia that helps their national interests . 
  ukraine ca n't rely on foreigners if it wants to keep its sovereignty . 
  nation of 40 million manages to mobilize only 30 000 men to fight 10 000 rebels ? 
  ukraine is now in its third mobilization . 
  they must be prepared to take initiative from rebels/russians soon , or they have no say . 
  passivity and always agreeing to de-escalate even after the opponent breaks the promises never gets you anywhere in the negotiation table . 
  there is over 40 million of them . 
  if they want to have a say in the matter , they must be prepared to fight for it . 
  these areas are balkanized and also fighting ground between us and russia by proxy . 
  if you are ally with us , you can fuck with people and us looks away and give you money and cia advisors who listen in the next room when you torture people . 
  if you are ally with russia , russians fuck people for you . 
  just rearrange the stalin drawn borders to match what the people actually want . 
  when georgia was ruled by assholes like shevardnadze and gamsakhurdia , gorbachev and yeltsin must have looked very good . 
  crimea wants to be part of ukraine . 
  it 's silly to draw false equivalents . 
  you must look at the history of each conflict . 
  abkhazians and south ossetians deserve to be separate from georgia . 
  just because georgia is western ally and russia is cynically exploiting the conflict does not mean that the georgians are automatically right . 
  the difference is that south ossetia and abkhazians have never wanted to be part of georgia and have fought against georgian oppression long time . 
  stalin ( who was georgian ) joined south ossetia and abkhazia into georgia . 
  for them russia is smaller evil than georgia . 
  russia is just opportunistically using the real ethnic conflict , but this does not mean that south ossetia and abkhazia should be part of georgia . 
  sometimes western allies are in the wrong . 
  this is one of those cases . 
  1 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georgian-ossetian_conflict#origins_of_the_conflict 2 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georgian-abkhaz_conflict#events, 
  if i read this right , practically nobody in sweden has paid their mortgage ? 
  how this can be ? 
  i hope ukraine is preparing for the winter . 
  if putin wants to make move , the best time is just before the coldest winter when gas consumption in ukraine is the highest . 
  you are ironic , right ? 
  this is true . 
  homicide clearance rate in finland is 98 % because it 's usually very easy to figure out who did it . 
  finnish jihad is radical :  23-year-old antti oskari manselius from finland also made a false bomb threat and said he was robbing the amsterdam to hong kong cathay pacific flight on 14 february , the south china morning post reported on friday . 
   manselius walked towards the cockpit with two blankets wrapped around his head , and one around his shoulders like a cape , according to two flight attendants who spoke in court . 
   he held the toblerone chocolate bar `` like a sword '' , the newspaper said , quoting one of the attendants . 
   `` he said , ' i am robbing the plane now . 
  i want to see the olympics in sochi and i need to get off the plane now , '' attendant leung hiu-lun was quoted as telling the court . 
  `` he was furious .
