well , i do n't know what happens in italy , with your gucci handbags and your lasagne , but i just wanted to manage your expectations . 
  i do n't think it will be as visible as the streets being lined with gold . 
  damn right ... that hagrid fellow was pretty damn pro !, 
  books selling based on her previous books ... whilst not perfect , it 's a good indication of her success ? 
  damn you , i just wrote the same comment , then noticed you beat me to it , using the exact same example of tolkien . 
  great minds ... , 
  so how do you define great ? 
  i believe she has had 7 successes . 
  in the same vein , do you class j r r tolkien as not being a great writer ? 
  his great stories are all set in the same world too ... 
  i did misread , and have since edited . 
  sorry again :(, 
  hah , yeah , you noticed before i did , i 've since added an edit !, 
  made a mistake :( i edited . 
  i made a mistake , i just edited . 
  i had no idea they carried an upper age limit . 
  i bet that left you annoyed as you stamped out of waterstones . 
  what a horrible and selfish way to think !, 
  you should care about the world you live in , not just your own place in it . 
  edit : apologies !, 
  i misread !, 
  i read it as `` why should she care about < independence  '' , because a lot of people want independence for financial reasons , so i thought you were saying that she should n't , because she 's already rich . 
  my mistake , sorry !, 
  i 'm a fan of classic fiction , but your comment was so damn pretentious . 
  you 're a frenchman ... the one thing the brits and the french should agree on is the use of `` s '' in reali ** s ** e . we get that from you , and now you 've gone to the dark side !, 
  it 's not really a case of `` having a pair '' , it 's a case of weighing up what is worth a nuclear war , and possibly the end of the world . 
  this is n't a playground , where a politician is actually scared of being hurt , they have much bigger consequences to worry about . 
  you are now being watched after this comment . 
   gianoukovits that 's how you spell smith in cyprian ? 
  population percentage of people who class themselves as european , and people who do n't . 
  if 1,000,000 people were polled ... if 500,001 said yes and 499,999 said no , then they would be blue . 
  if 500,001 said no , and 499,999 said yes , they would be red . 
  you 're missing my point . 
  what i am saying , ignoring the data on this map , is that for one colour to become another colour , only a 0.01 % difference is needed . 
  i 'm not saying that is the difference , simply what possibly can be the difference . 
  and when that is the case for such a big visual difference , then maps like this , without visible figures , should be taken with a pinch of salt . 
  no , the different between something being blue and red is 0.01 % ( well , less actually ) . 
  it can be up to 20 % , but the actual difference between the two colours is much different . 
  to put it differently , the difference between having money and having no money is 1p , but it can also be up to being a billionaire and above . 
  the point i am making is that the image is making a small difference look bigger than it really is . . and as practically_floored said , it should use the same shades of blue to not manipulate the readers opinion . 
  look at the percentages , or says red 50 % + no , blue 50 % + yes . 
  in actual fact , if a country is exactly 50 % then the author may decide the colour . 
  i thought this was somebody else saying this about the op . 
  do n't always take the news at face value , there are many agendas . 
  came to say this . 
  there is a 0.01 % difference between light blue and red . 
  the constant calling of `` circlejerk '' is reddit 's biggest circlejerk . 
  i completely agree . 
  i think if you 're moving to another country , it is your duty to try to learn their language . 
  i hardly think a primeminster in the 1800s saying something can be called the british phrase . 
  hitler said a lot of things just 70 years ago , and we do n't call them `` german phrases '' . 
  i think you 're just looking for an argument . 
  good , not large . 
  on behalf of a good percentage of brits , we are sorry !, 
  thank you for letting me know ... 
  i would n't want to feel unbritish . 
  i 'm surprised i 've gone 26 years without knowing our phrase . 
  thanks for the interesting reply ... as for russia or china ... is us a `` lesser evil '' or is russia and china just a more obvious evil ... at least the western world forces their leaders to try and maintain an air of honesty ... maybe in the coming decades so will the other world powers . 
  no point asking how high , just jump as high as possible to ensure you 're doing all you can without them having to ask twice . 
  i really hope to see a british leader come in and have more interest in building a strong relationship with countries that actually reciprocate it . 
  one reddit user can not be kicked out of the eu . 
  and i am sure you are wise enough to realise one reddit user does not speak for a country . 
  i did n't have a problem with cameron not too long ago , but it 's amazing how fast someone can force people to lose respect for them . 
  hopefully when we 're older uk will have a good job and usa will be working in mcdonalds . 
  we 'll probably see them on facebook having their 5th child before they 've left school . 
  i think it 's because america has no right to say , yet uk and every other eu country does . 
  it would be the same reaction if qatar said they would n't be happy if the uk left and urges the pm to go against what people want , for their own selfish reasons, 
  oh , i did n't realise they were looking for more historic links . 
  i just meant i see them as being like us . 
  in that case ... the welsh are like our bitch sister . 
  english person here - i see the swedes as being our cousins ( who look very different ) , due to our shared sense of humour , and us both being somewhat passive ( generally avoid talking to people we do n't know on the bus ) . 
  if there 's one thing the british like doing , it 's making britain sound shit to everybody . 
  it can get pretty tiring . 
  good job continuing the circle jerk of it `` always raining '' . 
  our millionth word was `` web 2.0 '' . 
  england stopped caring when shakespeare made up half the words he used . 
  it is right now , but what if the eu countries made an agreement where it could n't be licensed to any single country separately ? 
  then external broadcasters would need to make the decision to lose some money , or lose all of eu market . 
  i 'm sure it 's going to be extremely hard to figure out an agreement that suits all countries with their own rights , but it would be a pretty good thing , i think !, 
  we do n't seem to license to each american state separately , and it 's about the same size . 
  i was on that a few years back too , but calls always cut out . 
  once , on a call , there was loads of interference , then i was suddenly speaking to someone new ... who said something like `` who are you '' then `` fuck you , fuck off '' . 
  bacteria breeds faster in the heat . 
  that seems like something that only happens once you 're fluent in english , then decide to get it wrong . 
  along with `` he borrowed me a pen '' . 
  i just found out neuf can mean new . 
  my world is upside down . 
   specific wird he got wrong i have bad news for ya mate . 
  says the country who puts stars and stripes against the queens own language . 
  for shame . 
  purely from an economic point of view , imagine the effort to train a workforce to speak german , swedish , dutch , french , spanish , italian , polish , etc. 
  do n't be a cunt . 
  i 'm learning french right now and would make a terrible mess of that paragraph . 
  i hate gifs that do n't give a slight pause to see the end . 
  facts and figures are better than memory . 
  that may explain the low-skilled job vote , but what about the 50/60 + ? 
  it 's not a problem , [ she lazy round ] ( https://youtu.be/c24nekrilp4?t=43 ) . 
  russia should stop interfer - ... oh ... 
  i think it 's a calculated attempt at showing strength , ignoring the problem it will cause setting precedence . 
  she had no intention of complying with the law until it was taken to court , at which point she appealed , and again lost .
