  if nato stays , russia needs a buffer . 
  that 's how you made a buffer from donbass . 
  deal with it . 
   who closed russian market for polish food ? 
  poland or russia ? 
  you did . 
  do n't tell me you supported sanctions against russia and did n't expect any consequences . 
   after several examples of such behaviour people realise that you can not have long-term deal with russians once again : ask your businessman how do they feel . 
  anyway , it 's all a history now . 
  you lost russia 's market , whatever you think about . 
  well , if you in right mind and educated , it tells you russia has to spend a lot on self-defence in many ways at first place . 
  the obvious solution is mitigating threats from all sides . 
  ukraine literally invited nato in , that 's how it all started . 
  it started on maidan , not in crimea . 
  it 's worth to remind , that russia `` invaded '' only pro-russian territories 2 years ago and did n't move any further since then . 
  good luck with replacing huge russia 's market and cheap russian energy sources . 
  i bet polish businessman near russia 's border support closing local traffic with both hands . 
  this guy is right . 
  lifting sanctions against russia will be 100 % dumb move because russia wo n't drop their own sanctions . 
  russian sanctions at the moment help russia to develop their own industry and make closer ties with their new allies . 
  once again : if it is europe who controls russia via energy pipe now , why europe resists to north stream 2 ? 
  another energy pipe should only give them more control over russia according your logic . 
  that naive brit above believes europe saved more energy than russia saved in gold ( 48,5 billions in usd at the moment ) . 
  solution is simple : remove nato from russia 's borders and kick ukrainian asses to make a deal with kremlin regarding crimea and donbass . 
  nato extension is real deal-breaker at the moment . 
  9k of false children registrations ... how much money is it ? 
   man i am really having problems discerning your intentions from what you 're saying then . 
  sorry , i do my best , but still my english is far from perfect . 
   unilateral invasion of an ally with no provocation there was a provocation - a genozide from ukrainian radicals against russians . 
  and since ukraine turned to west and nato , they were not an ally anymore . 
  obviously . 
   eu has a massive energy stockpile for just such an occurrence and has been aggressively exploring alternatives to russian energy well , russia just bought a gold . 
  48,5 billions in usd at the moment . 
  i still hope to hear an answer from you : why do europe resist to north stream 2 if energy pipe only makes russia more dependent of europe ( according to you ) ? 
  thanks . 
  almost forgot . 
  watch your energy stockpile carefully . 
  isis may put an eye on it . 
  i would . 
  i meant russia can buy crimea back from ukraine . 
  crimea was ukrainian for some time and we have to deal with that . 
  only on paper , but though . 
  crimea and donbass were `` invaded '' simply because next day there would be nato and full scale genozide from ukrainian nazy against russian population . 
  there was no time ( and hope ) to prevent those legal way . 
  energy is not a one way road . 
  you depent of us more than we depend of you at the moment . 
  if it was not true , you would appreciate north stream 2 with both hands , cause it would make russia even more dependent of you . 
  but it 's not . 
  you can find another sources , we can find ours . 
  we 'll see who pays more . 
  long story short : go ahead , try it . 
  lets see those brave persons with their necks broken next day . 
  you can fuck small business as you please , but do n't you ever mess with corporations . 
  huge part of the world does n't support sanctions . 
  that means russia will find their way out anyway . 
  you ca n't defeat russia , that makes sanctions totally pointless . 
  even worse for you , cause you only forced russia to raise their own industry and replace you with other players on russia 's market . 
  not to mention that you are just wrong on how you 're trying `` to solve '' the problem . 
  if you want to get a peace in ukraine and get back to the business , all you need to do is remove nato from russia 's borders and kick ukrainian asses to make a deal with russia about crimea . 
  russia needs 100 % control over it for several reasons and ca n't trust anyone anymore . 
  crimeans applyed 2 times for russian citezenship and putin finally made them . 
  that said , crimea ca n't be given back ( but can be * bought * back ) . 
  i said i agree . 
  no need to drop anything , we ai n't going anywhere . 
  nato expansion , genozide against russians/pro-russians in crimea and donbass ( west supported the coup ) , olympics/paralympics blanket bans , sanctions , oil price drop and so on . 
  west made putin a great defender of russians , thats why russians support him . 
  dumbiest move ever from the west . 
  west ca n't defeat putin , they need let russians to integrate into world culture to make putin obsolete for them . 
  and they did it well , but then , as it seems , obama just lost his patience because of snowden . 
   one small incident can open up a full scale conflict exactly . 
  if you were isis would you miss such a chance ? 
  who said sanctions is a problem ? 
  europeans ? 
  it 's their choice . 
  so everyone should be happy . 
  they are either expected that or they are idiots . 
  or they are just us puppets ( not much of a difference from the latter ) . 
  it took me 5 minutes in 2014 to figure out such development . 
   until they leave crimea . 
  too late , putin already made crimea russian . 
  so no , they wo n't . 
  the best case scenario - russia buys crimea back from ukraine . 
  yes . 
  eu is late to the party anyway . 
   the sanctions hurt russia way more than they hurt the eu you 're wrong . 
  there is a good reason why russia extended their own sanctions way longer than eu did . 
  hello antiputinbot . 
  reddit is like europe with no borders . 
  you can create an elite club with elite members and no shit . 
  but there will be no point for the reddit to host such a club . 
  whatever . 
  on `` netherlands may exit eu to lift anti-russian sanctions '' you can find a lot of links , not sure why you think they all are russian . 
  ah , it because it 's better to google for `` netherlands may exit eu '' however , here you go : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/27/frexit-nexit-or-oexit-who-will-be-next-to-leave-the-eu https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jun/24/dutch-britain-quitting-eu-geert-wilders-netherlands http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/683224/end-of-the-eu-germany-france-austria-hungary-finland-netherlands-europe-brexit https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/the-netherlands-shows-its-not-just-brits-who-despise-the-eu/2016/07/07/8e0ef4e8-421f-11e6-a76d-3550dba926ac_story.html not sure how much these relevant though . 
  as you may understand i do n't really care for obvious reasons . 
  just google : netherlands may exit eu to lift anti-russian sanctions . 
  perhaps , google does n't work for you same way at it works for me . 
   i would assume western products are of better quality i was pretty happy to replace western products with russian ones . 
  recently i visited germany and was n't impressed with their supermarket food at all . 
  i heard you can find * natural * products there , but those are way pricey . 
  i wish i could , but they literally all write about it : express.co.uk , theguardian.com , washingtonpost.com , bbc.co.uk , katehon.com etc.
