  i was in europe for 10 days 2 months ago . 
  spent about 1/3 of my cache money . 
  it should be more difficult indeed , but not that much really . 
  it is more like a building of shame lol . 
  it would be nice to find a money to demolish it actually and restore k\u00f6nigsberg castle https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/k%c3%b6nigsberg_castle, 
  compared to 2016 ? 
  we are still in 2016 , mate . 
  if you meant compared to 2014 , 2015 - there is literally no difference . 
  foreign food in the markets was replaced by russian mostly ( which i 'm totally fine with ) , people have become more efficient cause prices are 1,5 - 2 x higher . 
  that 's it . 
  some businesses indeed were very dependent on our foreign neighbours . 
  but the same applies to other side as well . 
  it is not like the whole economy of kaliningrad state suffers too much of that . 
  at least i do n't see people whining on local forums . 
  that 's right ( all what you said ) . 
  source : i live there . 
  and also well known cheater , as it seems . 
  i do what i want . 
  deal with it . 
  nope, 
  if that was a true , such a things like ukrainian coup and olimpics/paralimpics bans would n't happen . 
  north america, 
  and there are good reasons why it 's like that . 
  russia can survive over higher presure than west can do . 
  why do you ask here ? 
  go and ask their people what they want . 
  kiev regime just not able to understand things as they are . 
  west needs to explain them first . 
  forget about crimea . 
  putin already made it russian . 
  and you 're last ones in that deal anyway , so wait for your turn . 
   only problem is russia thinks nato will attack them so far world thinks russia will attack them . 
  how do they feel about ? 
   these nazi dont have real power they have tortured , raped and killed a lot of russians and pro-russians . 
   which borders did russia give away ? 
  none . 
  that 's what makes west so mad . 
   it 's effects would be severe but localized alright . 
  the same applies to russia then . 
  just like that . 
   do you think the us buys oil from russia ? 
  no , they buy from world market , which you about to explode . 
  and if you think they are fine with that , try to think why they did n't stop russian gas/oil straight from beginning . 
   china is not a major oil exporter yes , but you about to explode all prices . 
   the way to limit russia 's influence wait , i thought you said energy pipes are the way to * control * over russia ? 
  exactly what you want . 
   china imports only 11 % of their petrolium from russia but mad minds about to change things radical way . 
  african oil gets priceier , russian oil gets cheaper and china buys it all . 
  actually , / u/theflashyfinger failed to answer way more questions . 
  here they are : 1 ) you about to explode the world market . 
  are you in right mind ? 
  2 ) so usa buys or sells ( in sum ) oil on world market ? 
  are they fine with your explosive idea ? 
  3 ) you 're about to raise world prices to a heaven by removing major source exporter . 
  how soon world market will be all chinese ? 
  4 ) if you think you can control russia via energy pipes , why do you resist to north stream 2 ? 
  that should only give you more control over bloody russia according to your logic . 
  russia ca n't give away neither their borders to nato nor russian people to ukrainian nazys . 
  a lot of countries said fuck you and did n't join your sanctions against russia . 
  and current state of affairs is even worse for you . 
  people bored and tired of you . 
  russia showed the world a good example on how to say a fuck off to a `` superpowers '' like you . 
  translation : let 's explode our market and give it to china . 
   your country ends it wo n't . 
  our other export will increase due to lower russian prices ( oil got cheaper ) and bigger world 's ones . 
  and world prices will be much bigger . 
  not to mention our import will be decreased to minimum , which will hit you once more . 
  btw , usa imports approximately 5 million barrels per day ( mmb/d ) of petroleum : http://www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.cfm?id=727&amp;t=6, 
  i said i do n't mind . 
  explode the market and give it to china . 
  it 's not that losing scenario for us , but definitely losing one for you . 
  you 're really bad in analysis . 
  just try to announce it and see what happen . 
  and make sure usa is fine to spend billions on new prices . 
  and say goodbye to all your allies . 
   gold reserves do n't matter when 50 % of your economy depends directly upon energy exports to the eu . 
  oh , gold reserves do matter and that 's exactly why they started to increase it . 
  it wo n't happen , but i even want you to block russian oil/gaz flow . 
  that would force russian economy to change for better , while you only can change yours for worse ( bigger prices ) . 
   i never once mentioned gold in our conversation earlier . 
  you westerns always miss something . 
  not a big deal unless you want to fuck with russia . 
   what would be the point of further dependency upon that corrupt regime then ? 
  good point . 
  russia had ties with you and you used those as a political tool . 
  good bye . 
   sanctions against russia were for nothing ? 
  exactly . 
  you have no idea what 's going on and you do n't really want to since you have bosses to tell you what to do . 
   and also situation with russians and fruits was also funny i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i can tell you i got a huge bonus from my company once they realized they do n't need to invite poles for work ( industrial automation ) anymore cause i alone can do their job even better . 
   why do n't you google some images of the maidan protests ? 
  i 've seen enough of that shit . 
  i live in russia and i lived in ukraine . 
  you really do n't need to tell me about . 
   us-eu deal oh yeah . . 
  crimeans asked for the russian citezenship 2 times and putin made them . 
  also , russia needs full control over crimea and wants russians there to be safe . 
  that said , crimea wo n't be given back ever . 
  but russia can pay a decent price to ukraine .
