  what a foolish way to give away a pk, 
  rip all the clean sheets, 
  what 's the maximum price he can reach ? 
  i was talking abot the season . 
  i know it 's based on % ownership . . so i figuired somene had the right numbers and could do the math . 
  would buy him at 8 if i did n't own him . 
  dave !, 
  now my defence for 3 weeks has got more goals than clean sheets ... 
  chambers to get a bonus point after that game ? 
  are you having a fucking laugh ? 
  hope this red means the cs is guaranteed for arsenal, 
  walcott - plays as a striker , considered a midfielder but finishes like a defender, 
  a striker with some decent finishing and some inspiration in midfield, 
  waiting for the yellow card version of the oprah gif ... 
  what the hell are the trolls at stoke doing ? 
  h@xxxz0r 3l33t, 
  nordveit ... happy he found a good club, 
  let 's hope own goal keeps his recent good form !, 
  big disappointment for own g. ... 
  i 'll show myself out ... 
  seems fishy ... must of happened before the start of the second half, 
  time to see how many of my wildcarded bandwagons will lose their wheels after this pesky international break, 
  time for pedro to step up and score 2 as well, 
  guess this gw we 'll be seeing lots of < 4.5 subs coming off the bench, 
  bony better not steal any of aguero 's bacon !, 
  but they have silva/sterling/kdb or mane not starting ... the universe finds a way to reward them !, 
  and people were complaining about 2x2 points from captains ... 
  he has a great fixture up next : the worst defence in the league - chelsea !, 
  why is n't there a `` park the bus '' token ? 
  ... with the way my strikers have been performing i feel it would be more useful, 
  spurs ' shirts are so tottenham, 
  was praising mason a few weeks ago but i did n't have the balls to bring him in, 
  blizzard 's next patch : we 've disabled ranked rewards because they were contributing to ladder anxiety, 
  bro , do you even mahrez ? 
  payet itis then ... should be able to break city 's cs streak !, 
  last year i had something like 50 points on my bench one gw : kane and chadli shined against chelsea and shawcross scored against united ... all of my starters were mediocre . 
  darmian captain and mahrez on the bench ... there are no brakes on the hipster train !!, 
  got sako instead of him earlier today ... got ta free up some cash for some premium guys, 
  10 minute de naumovici explicand documentarul asa cum descria si star wars in reclama aia veche, 
  kun was free ... why did n't ginger messi pass to him ?!, 
  my benched kolarov laughs at all those who double dipped in city 's defence, 
  navas in !, 
  ca n't wait for his 10 bad crosses !!, 
  y' arr a wizzard , ` arry !, 
  thought the offside rule was n't active this game ... 
  i guess kompany and hart owners are n't that upset right now, 
  captain darmian was my best player in this mediocre gw, 
  ah ... pedro using the 7 ^ th minute of extra time to bring me a bonus point, 
  inb4 feo and per out injured for 2 + weeks, 
  time for sako to come off the bench and score 2 so i can feel better after evans ' one point, 
  that 's what she said, 
  i need 3 aguero goals assisted by kolarov to get me out of this rut, 
  ... and unclench ... thanks , captain !, 
  navas in ... stop sabotaging your team , pellegrini !, 
  so this is how the sanchez owners felt last week ... 
  what effect should we talk about in this sub next ? 
  this must be what fantasy la liga players get every gw, 
  i think everyone here figured out the first 2 words based on the clues here . 
  they probably wo n't release clues # 10-12 until the end so that everyone stays tuned, 
  better remove ysera from my decks i guess ... 
  we had to pay off the stadium, 
  double dipped in stoke 's defence and left ighalo on the bench along 2 defenders from the manchester derby ... feelsbadman, 
  did ayew to sanchez with the armband ... this rain is n't looking good for alexis ' game, 
  benched butland both time he got 10 + and had cameron come off injured once, 
  everyone will be playing [ [ nerub ` ar weblord ] ] to combat the op brann bronzebeard, 
  seems very professionally done ... any player / team would love to have something like this about them, 
  ... with blackjack and hookers, 
  no such result when i gave it a try with paladin or mage, 
  didi n't know giroud had a reddit account, 
  by ... burying this post in downvotes and not sending any tweets ? 
  happened to me twice last night : opponent played raptor and the the game got stuck in limbo ( could see him moving his mouse , but the turn did n't end ) . 
  closed the client and got a loss . 
  thought people were using it as an exploit and stopped playing . 
  one gw too early , 
  darmian not coming on . 
  poor opponent ... he was playing basic druid and gets this golden combo thrown upon him, 
  le dam fum la pitesteni !, 
  1 point for reaching legend rank ... finally you can get on the board without tryharding like mad in the last days of the month in order to squeeze a spot in the top 100, 
  nice to see lord dinnery can also dress fancy, 
  cech , monreal and m'hrez, 
  ca n't really blame mourinho ... look at costa 's poor finishing : ca n't even hit the target from 2 meters away, 
  de gea ... safe and boring +6, 
  mahrez , ayew , willian --  pick 2 !, 
  follow the * epa * rules !, 
  kolarov is the last one on my bench ... maybe i finally made a good lineup !, 
  1/3 of those coming from mahrez, 
  always wanted someone to understand my frustration with aaron 's finishing , pirouettes and general gameplay ... please buy him !, 
  i chose the perfect week to ditch wijnaldum for silva, 
  wtf , guys ? 
  http://www.xtube.com/watch.php?v=ezd14-s346 -, 
  all the teams in my league have lukaku + barkley but nobody bothered to captain the big romelu !, 
  kolarov stays on the bench !!, 
  come on , erisken ... do some magic !, 
  mahrez to real madrid seems like the perfect impulse buy & follow your dreams transfer, 
  ddg or butland ? 
  moreno or coleman ? 
  fellaini playing so far up ... too bad united ca n't ever seem to score, 
  last time i 'm trusting that coin for the ( c ) pick ... time to throw it away alongside with my hopes for this gw, 
  more bonus points for evans i hope ... 
  wickham first on my bench,
