  inb4 they give an assist to roony for touching the ball with the tip of his hair implant, 
  jail story time !, 
  i did n't own vardy or ozil at all this season ... feeling quite proud about my floating ~ 100k place, 
  do n't let your dreams be dreams !, 
  always wanted depay in my team ... but it seems he always assists the assister, 
  did i drink too much or are you trying to save on bandwith ? 
  lvg close to crying ... someone please apologize to him !, 
  fellaini is playing striker ahead of rooney ... time to do some shopping , right ? 
  fingers crossed , 
  kun on the bench ... guess i 'll take my 2 goals and 3 bonus points for the 25 minutes he will play . 
  filthy casual, 
  come on , ddg ... rack up a point for your saves !, 
  i keep dropping the ~ ~ soap ~ ~ ball with him as well, 
  nice assist to johnson this game tho, 
  no need for kun now ... right ? 
  i am lorde !, 
  lol tottenham, 
  took a -4 to do silva --  arnautovic, 
  you misspelt butlord, 
  monreal and koscielny are on the bench for arsenal tho, 
  gabriel smash !, 
  joke : walcott 's finishing . 
  bellerin 's offensive runs are more flashy than nacho 's ... and he will eventually pick up a goal or two . 
  their points tally is quite close though ( +3 for hector from 1 less match ) probably because monreal got more bonus from his defensive performance . 
  i do n't see gibbs consistently starting ahead of the spaniard ... maybe a few easy home games and the fa cup . 
  looking back , i would have picked bellerin myself at the start of the season , but i would n't consider making the transfer unless i had 2 ft in the bank already . 
  is this our new ` special trophy ' ? 
  here is a pic from his fb profile taken the day he signed for us https://i.imgur.com/jpyteo0.png, 
  am i the odd one out here ? 
  i peel of the skin with a knife then cut some medium slices ... you savages !, 
  the jeff to score his first pl goal today ... can feel it !, 
  plays so forward up the pitch ... too bad he does n't have a quality striker to assist, 
  this is what fantasy serie a must feel like, 
  brought in jones from sunderland for this game ... did n't want to spend the extra cash for pva :(, 
  ai n't nobody like koscielny ... makes me happy ... makes me fell this way !, 
  where the fuck did all my ht clean sheets go ? 
  seems like an average number of appearances in my book, 
  my local arsenal fan club leader was one of them [ only simple captain , sorry ! ] . 
  he usually goes for captain bellerin but had a great hunch this gw, 
  rm : romelu took a knock to his ankle and he will need assessing . 
  i do n't know if he will be available at the weekend [ against dagenham ] but i do n't expect anything too serious . 
  jeff !, 
  come on , terry ... you could have left it for lukaku ... would have saved yourself the embaressment as well, 
  maybe it was n't mou 's fault ... chelsea was shit all along, 
  first i get jones instead of van aanholt and then smith instead of daniles ... maybe i should listen to the flip a coin bot instead ... 
  thought i was the only one here ... 
  i 'm certainly the only one furiously browsing reddit at ht ... show yourselves , arsc fans !, 
  you always start smelling ... he is definitely a top 5 sense !, 
  the year of shrek ? 
   gets to go second every time pjsalt, 
  payet motm but fpl does n't care about that :(, 
  i 'd put pva in for a true all out attack : 1-5-4, 
  death , taxes and barkley at -99.9, 
  shameless plug to / r/hearthmemes ... trying to get the posting train rolling for a while ... 
  lasagna-gate karma for spurs, 
  darmian is having a terrible day, 
  what is love ? 
  did n't know i was responsible for so many orgasms ... +2 self-esteem !, 
  stock up on confused travoltas !, 
  peeta [ some kind of bread ] cech, 
  - michael scott, 
  there will be goals !, 
  holy mother of murlocs !, 
  my ocd is killing me !, 
  you are the winner of the top post of the winning thread from the subreddit karma game !, 
  you will stay up here until people actually start talking about the card !, 
  the tweet links to a different article . 
  this is the right one , in case you want to know more or see some pics :, 
  rania is greek , kripp is fat and they are together, 
  ca n't cast it on yourself tho ... 
  i 'd go for a more reddit themed one : a minion with battlecry `` gain + x / + x until the start of your turn '', 
  a hyped new striker ... 
  i bet you made some serious cash by selling shirts with his name on the back !, 
  i do n't even ... 
  are we going to finebros showerthoughts ? 
  somebody has been checking out our post match threads, 
  looks so shit that you would assume it 's fake, 
  could have cropped out the first loss vs racing and get a more impressive :, 
  18/19 or only one loss in 19 knock-out rounds, 
  was expectinga poop joke half way through, 
  i do n't know ... 4 ^ th is kind of our thing, 
  you would gain 5-6 hours per day to do whatever you want . 
  you will probably die sooner but you would have had more active hours compared to a 8h/day sleeper, 
  they should really find a new name . 
  it already means `` new field '' and adding another new would n't be so imaginative . 
  coldplay - te face mai calm si atent -  reduce pericolul de accedente, 
  unless you are the mongols !, 
  time to make some wacky promises if we manage to finish above sp * rs, 
  lurking and seeing spurs tears is good enough for me, 
  mind the gap !, 
  mind the gap !, 
  [ death , taxes and st totteringhams day !, 
  come on ... am postat luni ceva similar si mi-am luat injuraturi, 
  guardian of our defensive galaxy, 
  i 'll always remember the game vs italy at euro 2008 . 
  poached a nice goal to give us the lead then missed a fancy panenka penalty that would have won us the game ... sums up his career quite well . 
  rip `` i am sorry '' emote :(, 
  the second one is close enough . 
  the one i remember had more standing and less rolling , but yours seems more fun . 
  will this be our local hydraulic press guy ?
