  i 've seen it so often on reddit , it 's like an obsession that they assume russians must also share . 
  while we do n't . 
  i think the whole deal was unbalanced , russia and turkmenistan were the only republics that gave more money to the budget than they took out . 
  a lot of resources were sunk into developing the periphery when they could have been used in russia itself . 
  basically colonialism done backwards . 
  changing your name was not uncommon for new immigrants to the us , it 's easier to assimilate that way . 
  i doubt there was a sinister reason behind it . 
  no , ukraine is an economic wasteland with a hostile population . 
  i 'm in favour of letting them destroy themselves . 
  now donbass though ... :(, 
  here 's one , but it 's in russian : https://geographyofrussia.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/mapa-184.jpg, 
   russia which is 20 % muslim, 
  wait , what ? 
  it was like 6-7 % ... 
  all minorities in russia are about 20 % , needless to say not all of them are traditionally muslim . 
  plus , belonging to a traditionally muslim ethnicity does n't necessarily mean one is a muslim ( just like not all russians are orthodox christians ) . 
  from the big polls conducted in russia on religious identity , the numbers of muslims are in the 6-7 % range . 
  let 's be generous and round it up to 10 % , but 20 % is a gross overestimation . 
  also , most muslim migrants are guest workers , they do n't stick around long enough to become russian nationals . 
  idk , i 've heard `` ethnic '' non-practising muslims make comments that can be seen as islamophobic . 
  it depends really . 
  i 'm not advocating for islamophobia by the way . 
  i 'm in favour of being respectful towards everyone . 
  so , let 's also not forget our non-muslim minorities . 
  wiki says that going by content russian is number 2 and german number 3 . 
  there 's a government programme for people who were born in the ussr and their descendants . 
  i know a couple of russians from kazakhstan who relocated to russia this way . 
  it 's not for all regions though ( obviously moscow or st petersburg for example do n't need more people ) and it 's not exactly an easy bureaucratic process . 
  this is a 19th century saying from southern russia . 
  if an ethnic russian really looks middle-eastern that 's probably because his family line actually has some southern ethnicities in it . 
   but it would be too much of a coincidence if such a large amount of foreigners looked so similar . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  what foreigners and who looks similar ? 
  can you give examples ? 
  but they intermix with the russian slavic population . 
  for example , if somebody has a greek grandfather , he 's not going to look somehow totally different from somebody with a caucasian grandmother ( arab is unlikely ) . 
  that 's the point , once assimilation happens , people of other decent just mix with the russians . 
  they do n't stay separated in their own little groups . 
  could you give an example of a middle eastern looking russian ? 
  i 'm curious what you mean exactly . 
   north caucasian states are like completely different countries . 
  it has no russians living there . 
  karachay-cherkessia : 31,6 % russians , kabardino-balkaria : 22,5 % russians and north-ossetia : 20,8 % russians . 
   siberian republics, 
  besides tuva and yakutia the rest has ethnic russian majorities . 
   in dagestan , i believe avar is used more to communicate than russian is . 
  that 's just not true , russian is definitely used more . 
  i guess it 's because of how multiethnic the republic is , so they do n't have a dominant native language , but you 'll hear russian way more often than other languages . 
   and besides , lenin and stalin killed far more of my countrymen than the bohemian boy did . 
  what is this ridiculousness ? 
   christians can be arrested and fined for faith-related activities such as owning christian books and allowing children under 18 to attend church . 
  here are orthodox christians celebrating easter in almaty on 1 may 2016 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f81kbmpiugu . 
  you can clearly see various minors in the church . 
  whoever wrote this should be ashamed :(, 
   there is an important russiam minority in azerbaijan, 
  the russian minority was 1,35 % of the population in 2009 . 
  that does n't seem all that important . 
  why the quotation marks ? 
  what country are you from if i may ask ? 
  how exactly is the colonisation of the new world not an example of imperialism ? 
  i guess once your natives are severely decimated and safely out of sight in their reservations you get to call it `` social immigration '' . 
  i fail to see how that makes it any better ? 
  though i do n't think it 's particularly fair to just call it a process that engulfed the entire old world without mentioning the nations that were basically spearheading the whole process , like the british , french , portuguese , spanish , dutch and russians for that matter . 
  those were all text-book cases of nations engaged in imperialism and colonisation , but for some reason you prefer to cushion western-european imperialism with soft terms like `` social immigration '' and `` social progress '' . 
  we can also find the same examples of imperialism in the old world . 
  like the uk ( hello northern ireland ) , or france , where french used to be a minority language before the various peoples living there underwent francization . 
  i honestly do n't get that . 
  like , what makes the british colonisation of australia `` better '' than the colonisation of india ? 
  do you , uh , just like the indians more than the aboriginals or something ? 
  yes , soviet union was a country . 
  how is that even in doubt , it 's pretty basic knowledge really . 
  us is a country . 
  what kind of education do people receive when they do n't know basic stuff like this ? 
  are you familiar with the concept of sovereign states ? 
  here 's a handy list : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states . 
  eu unlike the us is not a sovereign country , it 's an economic-political union of 28 separate sovereign countries . 
  does n't matter if it 's a union . 
  federal system of government is not unique to the us , just think of germany , switzerland , russia , etc. 
  what matters is that us is a sovereign country , unlike the eu . 
  there 's a difference between being a country and being part of a union consisting of different countries . 
  unions between various sovereign countries exist all over the world , take a look at this for example : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_union . 
  i 'm curious , have you bothered to read up on the concept of sovereignty and sovereign states ? 
  though i honestly ca n't believe you were not already familiar with it . 
  i think that should clear things up . 
  btw , have you noticed how us states do n't have un membership while germany , france and all the other member states of the eu do ? 
   currently the islands are the barrier to the sea of okhotsk from the pacific, 
  you 're probably thinking of the wrong islands . 
  habomai and shikotan are not part of the [ greater kuril ridge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_kuril_ridge ) . 
  despite of what this map might say ethnic germans in kazakhstan are russian speaking , the same goes for ukrainians in kazakhstan . 
   one should not have illusions about the loyalties of many of the senior staff in belarusian military, 
  what do you mean ? 
   it would be awesome if anyone had any pictures of anything in east/middle russia . 
  do n't know if this is what you had in mind . 
  but here are a couple of big siberian cities from above : [ krasnoyarsk ] ( http://gelio.livejournal.com/197795.html ) and [ omsk ] ( http://gelio.livejournal.com/215992.html ) . 
  [ tobolsk ] ( http://anton-petrus.livejournal.com/401822.html ) is a small town that has the only stone [ kremlin ] ( http://petrushanov.livejournal.com/87929.html ) in siberia . 
   still unclear as to whether russia is recruiting or conscripting transnistrians . 
  many transnistrians are also citizens of russia . 
  so i imagine this is quite possible . 
   would this mean russia is conscripting russian ex-pats with dual citizenship ? 
  from what i 've read this was supposed to be about recruiting contract soldiers and not conscripts .
