but you are not hungarian . 
  you are romanian . 
  if we take hungarian communities in romania for example , those people have lived in the same area for many generations . 
  they used to be a part of hungary and suddenly found themselves in romania ( and other countries ) after the treaty of trianon . 
  that 's it , it was all politics . 
  those people still have the same culture , speak the same language and have the same identity as before . 
  why ca n't they identify as hungarians if that 's what they are . 
  that 's why i noted the `` still have the same culture , speak the same language '' part . 
  people whose ancestors immigrated generations ago generally have a very watered-down notion of their heritage . 
  irish-americans do n't actually grow up surrounded by irish culture , they are primarily shaped by american culture . 
  now , when another country moves to you and your whole region wakes up under another flag , not much actually changes in your cultural environment . 
  your children will be citizens of this new country , but they will still be raised in the same community that you were . 
   and you are not hungarian just because you live in hungary . 
  sure , but those people identified as hungarian , had hungarian as their native language and practiced hungarian cultural traditions . 
  they were hungarian when their lands belonged to hungary and that did n't change when the territories where they lived were given to a different state . 
   unlike of course `` bretons '' . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by this or why this is relevant . 
   keep going more retard by all means !, 
  whnever i thought it was not possible you manage !, 
  i do n't know what to say , you 've read a grand total of two posts that i wrote and decided that it would be appropriate to call me a retard . 
  what a strange manner of having a discussion . 
  you seem to be having a discussion with some imaginary opponent and not me . 
  anyway , this is clearly pointless . 
  have a nice day . 
  while european russia is only about a quarter of the total russian territory , that still makes up about 38 % of europe as a whole . 
  i guess it would be weird to exclude nearly 40 % of europe . 
  russian, 
  [ \u0414\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0433\u0430 \u0441\u043d\u0430 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgigcraimu8&amp;list=plb2420ae57ba2a85d ), 
  [ \u0414\u0432\u0435\u0440\u0438 \u0422\u0430\u043c\u0435\u0440\u043b\u0430\u043d\u0430 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icmsfgqdxz8 ), 
  [ \u0412\u043e\u0438\u043d \u0432\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0441\u043a\u0430 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lugmy25ekqe ), 
   in europe , there are 24 official languages, 
  eu does not equal all of europe . 
  he 's half korean and half russian . 
  he says so himself in this interview . 
  china is very diverse . 
  some places can be better than most post-mkad russia , plenty of places can be way worse . 
   thanks , verified that and added it : new version, 
  i 'm curious , how did you jump from 17,900 to 110,000 jews in kiev ? 
  17,900 is apparently the official number from the last ukrainian census , where do your extra numbers come from ? 
  at least for ukrainian cities all of your numbers seem too high , during the last census from 2001 the total number of jews in the whole of ukraine was about 103,600 . 
  yeah , but where do those numbers come from ? 
  as i said , the last actual official census gave the number of 103.6 thousand , you can check it here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_census_ ( 2001 ) . 
  and i 'm sure that if anything , the numbers have only been dropping since 2001 due to emigration . 
   my cousins , who are migrants in russia , live in constant fucking fear . 
  they do ? 
  i 'm from a partially korean family that moved from kazakhstan to russia . 
  my own experience is not very relevant i guess , since i 'm only 1/4 korean and do n't particularly look like it , but my half korean mother looks unmistakably asian . 
  she sure as hell does n't live in constant fear or has ever been the target of a racist ( or non-racist for that matter ) attack . 
  not to say there is n't plenty xenophobia in the society , particularly directed at central asian guest workers , but if your cousins are from kazakhstan , i 'm assuming they 're legal immigrants with a good grasp on russian . 
  i 'll admit that from my own experience i ca n't imagine that they have to live in constant fear . 
  where do they live ? 
  yes , we live in russia . 
  otherwise my piece about my asian mother not living in fear here would n't really be relevant . 
  but sure , i can see how being a hijabi could change things . 
  outside of like chechnya hijabs are very rare in russia , even most of our muslim women do n't cover their hair . 
  i 'll admit that the muslim women i know personally ( mostly tatars ) are very secular and dress just like ordinary russian women . 
  where do your family members live , in moscow ? 
  oh , koreans are definitely a lot more integrated and assimilated . 
  many are indeed orthodox and usually have russian first names and korean last names . 
  being a muslim is a whole different experience i 'm sure . 
  well , tatars and bashkirs are generally cultural muslims and very integrated . 
  as i said , most of them are very secular and while they have a different set of religious holidays/marriage traditions or whatever , in day to day life they 're culturally very similar to ethnic russians . 
  in general being a deeply religious person is unusual to most people here , and being a deeply religious muslim will be extra alienating i expect . 
   i do n't think russia has much/any moral ground over the usa , frankly . 
  lol , i sure was n't trying to say we have the moral ground over us in this regard . 
  i think you 've misunderstood me . 
  but i 'm still honestly surprised your relatives live in daily fear here . 
  i think i would have bailed long ago in such circumstances . 
  though since you 've explained that they 're very religious people , i can certainly see how that could lead to a very alienating experience . 
   but russia supports assad and is becoming increasingly zionist . 
  russia definitely supports assad , but i have no idea where you got the zionist part from . 
   large russian, 
  not really . 
  in reality russian is much more entrenched in belarus and ukraine , as well as russia 's republics , than is shown on this map . 
  at least three people on that list are also half-russian . 
  i have to say it irks me when people try to paint those who are part russian and were raised on the russian culture as strictly not russian . 
  like , do you really think that lavrov identifies as armenian more than russian ? 
   when i first started seeing east asian people , i thought a lot of them were russian like the russian and central asian people in my family . 
  lol , what do the russians in your family look like ? 
  i 'm a mix of russian and east asian ( korean ) myself and i can tell you that they do n't really overlap lookswise . 
  they 're indeed adorable  the younger one actually looks a bit like my nephew , who 's a mix of russian , tatar and korean . 
  oh , is your family from uzbekistan ? 
  i was born in central asia , kazakhstan in my case , and then my family moved to russia when i was baby . 
   that seems to be pretty common . 
  a lot of central asians move to russia or other parts of ee . 
  yep , it 's definitely not uncommon . 
  though in our case it was more like repatriation i guess , since my family was n't central asian to begin with . 
  my dad is russian and my mom is half russian and half korean . 
  dad moved to kazakhstan with his family when he was a kid , it was all one country back then . 
  that 's where my parents met and started a family . 
  shortly after that the soviet union broke up and my family moved to russia . 
  we have n't been back since then , but i 'm actually thinking about making a big trip to central asia in a couple of years . 
  i 've heard there are some very nice places that would be nice to see in uzbekistan . 
   i would trade crimea for kosovo . 
  lol , so fuck over russians in order to give a bunch of albanians back to serbia ? 
   do you think the lithuanian `` hate '' ( or rather , fear ) of their russian minority is an irrational fear and racist ? 
  russians in lithuania are less than 6 % of the population , they are n't even the biggest minority in the country . 
  i 'd say that any lithuanian who has a serious fear that the local russian minority is going to ( try to ) take over is being pretty irrational , yes . 
  dude speaks with an accent , he 'll be seen as a foreigner . 
  anyway , being an american wo n't be a problem , unless he behaves in a stupidly confrontational way i guess .
