   if they wanted , europeans could 've changed regime here in one day . 
  wtf dude ? 
  i 'm not sure that would do the trick . 
  it 's not their fucking job to change the `` regime '' in russia , thank you very much . 
  even though i 'm sure many of them would love to . 
  it 's by [ this band ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lyube ) . 
  here 's the full song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sghz_fhvjcg . 
   i meant to say that there are a lot of minorities, 
  sure . 
  though amusingly eastern russia is percentage wise more `` russian '' , as in ethnic russian , than the country as a whole . 
  ( https://news.mail.ru/politics/8237653/ ), 
   immigration policies might become better for russians who want to move into the us, 
  that 's not a good thing . 
  and yet they did n't even bother to teach you russian . 
  something makes me think this attachment is n't all that strong . 
  i think you 're confusing me for an american , i 'm not . 
  i care about russia , not us citizens and their job opportunities . 
  what ? 
  no , arabic is n't * the language of everything * for tatars . 
  and on that note i also have my doubts about that being true for albanians , bosnians or bulgarian turks . 
  even saying ` big minority ' is really stretching it . 
  i 've looked it up and during the last countrywide census that happened in 2010 , 46750 people in russia indicated that they knew arabic . 
  this is taking into account the whole of russia , including various muslim north caucasian ethnicities most of which are way more religious than the tatars . 
  well , i 've found the numbers for tatars specifically . 
  out of 5,288,719 tatars who indicated their language knowledge , 7250 people said they speak arabic . 
   i 'll let you win and you 'll give me peace . 
  you made some inaccurate generalisations , not sure why you seem so offended when challenged on them . 
  you forgot south ossetia . 
  not really . 
  russia does not consider them to be a part of russia and prefers to recognise them as an independent state . 
  that 's unlikely to change for various reasons . 
  besides , you did n't forget to list abkhazia and both of them are in exactly the same situation . 
   if we compare the foreign actors in syria with each other then russia took the biggest blow in terms of deaths, 
  um , what about iran for starters ? 
  i do n't feel any particular attachment to other slavs , but it 's not like finnic peoples have a lot of achievements either . 
  not sure what your reasoning is here . 
   in the context of current events , this could be seen as critical of invasion of ukraine . 
  i do n't know if we can extrapolate the situation with the balkan slavs that he was writing about to current day ukraine . 
  why would dostoyevsky see independent ukraine as something legitimate anyway ? 
  it was not a thing during his lifetime and he probably considered it as rightful russian territory . 
  i agree with this , though for a different reason since i do n't care about `` slavic cultural unification '' . 
  what makes a people is believing in a common identity . 
  ukrainians have decided that they 're a separate entity and should be treated accordingly . 
  lol , why would brodsky think of himself as ukrainian ? 
  he was born into a jewish family in leningrad . 
  why countrie ** s ** ? 
  finland is just one country and estonia is n't much to write home about in this regard . 
  that 's it as far as finnic countries go . 
  they 're ugric . 
  or at least their language is . 
  my ex did his draft service a couple of years ago . 
  he did n't have any particular problems while serving . 
  at least from what he told me hazing is taking very seriously nowadays . 
  so they 've at least managed to turn that around from the horror show that it was in the 90s/early 2000s . 
   people being sent to ukraine and syria, 
  lol , this is ridiculous . 
  look , there are enough professional soldiers on a contract to send wherever they 're needed . 
  sending some conscripts who do n't know what the fuck they 're doing would only result in a huge headache and a potential for some big internal scandals . 
  you wo n't be sent to a warzone . 
  does n't mean it 's going to be a very useful year though . 
  especially if you 're not planning for a career in the military i do n't see a huge point in going to russia for one year to do the draft . 
  do you have any plans to live in russia in the long term ? 
  central asia was where people got deported to , not from . 
  i was born in kazakhstan ( in a slavic-korean family , not ethnic kazakh ) , and this was n't something that happened . 
  if your parents were from local central asian ethnicities you were n't going to be written down as ` ethnic russian ' . 
  thank you for making these threads !, 
  i barely know anything about chess , but this is exciting . 
  lol , no . 
  it 's all about the money . 
  for example , the darker parts in the middle are oil and gas regions and people are/were going there to work in those industries . 
  and back in the soviet times places like chukotka had people coming for the higher salaries ( northern bonus ) . 
  many of them promptly left after the northern bonus was cancelled in the post-soviet times , but some stayed . 
  this does n't look accurate , there are some absurdly high numbers here . 
  for example , there 's no way that ukraine , georgia and armenia are in the 20-39 % range . 
  oh , i thought all those grey countries were in the 0-19 % range . 
  but i guess there 's just no data for them or something . 
   and good luck applying the policy to ... russia, 
  so a dictator is just anybody the west does n't like ? 
   there is a very large french speaking community, 
  i 've been to armenia , they do n't have a very large french speaking community . 
  the descendants of whatever people have fled to france have mostly kept on living in france anyway . 
  it 's not a problem if a russian citizen wants to acquire other citizenship ( s ) , only when a foreigner wants to become a russian citizen . 
  i 'm guessing your friend started out a russian citizen first . 
  out of those who specifically said that they are ( leaning towards ) wanting to emigrate from russia ( 11 % of the respondents ) , 7 % picked us as the preferred destination in the last poll i 've seen on the topic . 
  to be fair , the only country that scored higher and got 12 % was germany . 
  i thought `` vata '' was bydlo speak for people who support putin and the like . 
  that 's pretty ordinary , average russians . 
  i know , i 'm russian . 
  but terms like `` vata '' , `` khuilo '' , etc are definitely bydlo speak in my opinion . 
  yes , there 's no way this would be pushkin . 
  google says it 's by valery ohlupin ( \u0412\u0430\u043b\u0435\u0440\u0438\u0439 \u041e\u0445\u043b\u0443\u043f\u0438\u043d ) . 
  it 's not pushkin btw . 
  yes , they are . 
   i do n't know whether i could endanger someone just by discussing politics, 
   i guessed it is because of possible government surveillance . 
  * rolls eyes *, 
  dude , really ? 
  doubtful . 
  in a poll from 2012 about 2 % in udmurtia identified as pagan . 
  are you sure this map is from 2010 ?
