  though obviously that 's not what everybody wants or needs . 
  strange . 
  japan to me looks bigger than russia here , while it has a smaller population . 
  the author also considers sakhalin a part of japan . 
   nk is a chinese and russian prestige project that they feel proud of . 
  where are you getting this from ? 
  that nk is their prestige project or that china and russia feel proud of it ? 
  because i 'm really not seeing it . 
  are you saying that pakistan , india and china will form an alliance and attack russia ( siberia ) ? 
  i 'm still not seeing how it 's their `` prestige project '' that they feel proud of . 
   nk also owed russia $ 11b . 
  there are plenty of countries that owed lots of money to russia . 
  i think that china and to a lesser degree russia find nk somewhat useful as a buffer . 
  though they 'd prefer that nk would tone down some of its more aggressive antics , the status quo is still preferable to the potential consequences of nk 's fall , like war , stream of refugees and the whole korean peninsula under american control . 
  that still does n't make it their prestige project that they 're proud of . 
  to me it looks like they 're taking a practical approach , while you seem to assume they 're under some kind of delusions . 
   they want to control it and make it show that they are great countries and can create great countries . 
   and this is why he would n't mind another war , if it would help him get new votes . 
  war with whom ? 
  the russian voters do n't care about nk and that wo n't change as long as nk does n't pose a realistic threat to russia . 
  they do n't want a war over north korea . 
  you were just saying that russia is proud of nk and it 's their prestige project and now you 're talking about russia going to war with nk . 
  you 're not being very consistent . 
   what i think russia will do is try to make nk an ally . 
  you could say that nk fulfils its purpose by existing between south korea and china ( and russia ) . 
  the way it is now there is n't much to get from nk . 
  it 's a pariah state on the international stage . 
   taking control of siberia is not something you want to do , but if you do n't somebody else ( who hates you ) might do it first . 
  how would pakistan or india invade siberia bypassing china ? 
  i 'm also assuming that in this scenario the russian state has disintegrated and lost its nukes as well as conventional military ? 
   the diversity is there . 
  however , you are correct in implying that the unity is not . 
  why not ? 
  most of russia 's various ethnic minorities have lived together for centuries now . 
  they 'll identify as russian in the national sense , though not in the ethnic one . 
  one can identify as an ethnic chuvash/bashkir/buryat / ... and a russian national at the same time . 
  just like one can identify as both welsh and british for example . 
  yes , though it often depends on the `` type '' of non-russians . 
  there are certainly racist attitudes towards central asian guest workers , though those are n't actually russian nationals , and caucasians , particularly chechens and dagestanis . 
  at the same time people do n't generally hold negative feelings towards , say , the chuvash or bashkirs , or many other non-russian ethnicties . 
  my mother is half-korean and looks distinctively non-russian , but luckily she does n't really have to deal with racism in her life . 
  i guess it 's because on one hand there are no particular prejudices against koreans , and on the other hand it helps that she 's a native russian speaker and codes as `` one of our own '' by the way she talks and acts . 
  i guess it 's also a question of luck in a sense . 
  i thought that ukraine was supposed to be moving towards eu and the values of freedom and democracy . 
  but apparently it was moving towards ... china . 
   lithuania has anti `` gay `` propaganda '' law similar to the russian one . 
  seriously ? 
  but how come i keep hearing about how russia is the most homophobic hell hole on earth and where 's the outrage against lithuania ? 
   i think being told not to bother by native speakers ( because apparently they all know english ) is really discouraging, 
  that 's probably true for russian immigrants living in an english speaking country , but if you 're interested in interacting with russians in their natural habitat ( russia ) , learning russian is definitely the way to go . 
  english proficiency is not high , certainly not on the level where you can use english to have a meaningful conversation with an average russian . 
  it 's white with a golden dome . 
   in many popular soviet movies there are scenes where unmarried young women are made fun of and called names such as '' \u0441\u0442\u0430\u0440\u0430\u044f \u0434\u0435\u0432\u0430 '' and '' \u0437\u0430\u0441\u0438\u0434\u0435\u043b\u0430\u0441\u044c \u0432 \u0434\u0435\u0432\u043a\u0430\u0445 '' . 
  i think i know popular soviet movies fairly well , but this does not ring true to me . 
  please provide specific examples . 
   your mother is/was an actress which means she 's smart . 
  being an actor or actress automatically means being smart ? 
  since when ? 
  i honestly do n't get where you 're getting the ridiculous notion from that it 's socialism that made it possible for dumb people to have children . 
  what , they did not know how to fuck before that ? 
  if anything , as society got more developed and women got more opportunities , they started to have less and less children in russia , same trend as in the rest of the world . 
  just look at the number of kids women had under tsarist russia and under communism . 
  if anything , you could say it 's religion that tries to `` brainwash people into having children '' , as it often discourages contraception and encourages big families . 
  though in general , i think that wanting children is a fairly natural instinct for most people . 
  that 's what keeps our species afloat after all . 
   also , such argument gives impression there is nothing to like about russia except women . 
  and that 's exactly what people mean when they say such things . 
   hell around 80 % opposes the reunification with romania, 
  honestly , i would have thought more people would be in favour . 
  romania is in a much better economic position , it 's part of the eu and you have a lot of shared culture between you . 
  do you think the drive for reunification will be bigger in the future ? 
   but russia is a totalitarian country , you can not protest government decisions . 
  um , sure you can . 
  if you can have pro-ukrainian demonstrations , something like [ `` free savchenko '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xj3omjbo_lc&amp;nohtml5=false ) or whatever in moscow , you can have pro-armenian ones as well . 
  wait , did you just throw together all muslims in russia into one camp and label them an oppressed minority ? 
  since when did tatars , bashkirs , kazakhs and so on , become oppressed minorities ? 
  whatever your opinion is on the situation in chechnya , they are a minority of russian muslims and it 's disingenuous to paint all the various muslim ethnicities in russia , which can differ from each other quite a bit , with the same brush . 
  `` sunni muslims '' are not a united group in russia , you ca n't just throw together groups like tatars and chechens and say that they have same priorities and are working together towards the same goals or something . 
  as far as influential minorities go , tatars are probably up there for example . 
  interestingly i remember reading an article about a survey conducted in tatarstan and dagestan on russia 's syrian intervention . 
  about 3 % of tatarstan muslims and 6 % of dagestan muslims saw the syrian war as a sunni-shia conflict . 
   even if they did decide to build the lunchpad , it would take years !, 
  when completed in 2018 , it is intended to reduce russia 's dependency on the baikonur cosmodrome , which is located in kazakhstan . 
  the first launch is expected to take place on 27 april 2016 . 
   1 ) do people from various regions within russia make fun of eachother ? 
  if yes , how ? 
  well , there are chukchi anecdotes of course . 
  also there are kind of tongue-in-cheek jokes about the `` tough guys '' from chelyabinsk . 
  i do n't know , ca n't think of much right now . 
   2 ) what do russians think of the economic and political ties your country has with north korea/the dprk ? 
  not much , it 's not really topic that generates a lot of discussion . 
   3 ) i read that many people from central asia move to russia for work during the summer . 
  do you see this as a blessing or a curse ? 
  not only in the summer . 
  this is quite a hot topic actually . 
  there is plenty of dislike towards central asian guest workers and there are many people who 'd like to limit their presence in russia , but then you get others who say that we need them as a source of cheap labour . 
  certainly a topic that can generate a lot outrage . 
  i guess there is a kind of stereotype that if you play hard to get the guy will become even more interested . 
  plus `` good girls '' are not supposed to be easy . 
   so of course i 'm wondering how often the typical russian redditor were in a situation where a person jumped in front of your car .
