  i think it 's because the pool of potential migrants is that much bigger for russia . 
  and it 's easier for somebody from ukraine , central asia , moldova , etc to move to kaliningrad than it is to move to tallinn . 
   russia with 25 perc muslim pop, 
  where are you getting the number of 25 % from ? 
  self-identified muslims usually poll at around 6-7 % and the number of `` ethnic muslims '' is about twice as much . 
  well , he was a bit overenthusiastic at this point . 
  ethnic russians ( 80 % of the pop ) and the non-muslim minorities in russia leave the share of `` ethnic muslims '' in the 10-15 % range . 
  obviously not all of them are practising . 
  you 're not getting the russian citizenship just because your grandparents were ( potentially ) born here . 
  it 's not that easy . 
   the rule that only a muslim can be president is not good and i hope it will be changed soon . 
  surely even without this rule the chances of electing a president who is n't a muslim are pretty slim ? 
  i do n't really get the point of this rule . 
  if the people feel this strongly about it , they 're not going to elect a non-muslim president anyway . 
   you can not judge your parents on how willing they were to go to jail for you . 
  but they were n't risking jail by keeping him . 
  op stated in another comment that by the time he was born the anti-miscegenation laws were dismantled a few years earlier . 
  his parents were trying to avoid social stigma , not jail time . 
  i 'm assuming he meant republics like tatarstan and bashkortostan . 
  tatars are the biggest muslim ethnicity in russia and they are very secular on average . 
  the majority of the 28 millions that perished were civilian deaths . 
  the nazis were particularly brutal on soviet civilian population . 
   while kurds make up close to 20 % of the country 's population , a kurdish party managed to pass the treshold of 10 % only two years ago, 
  is n't a great part of the potential kurdish electorate still untapped due to them being minors ? 
  i 've seen some stats that suggested that kurds are about 15 % of the over 18 population , but nearly 25 % of the under 18 population in turkey . 
  this could shake things up as the next generation grows up . 
  though i know that turkey does n't have an official ethnic census , so perhaps this is incorrect info ? 
   hungary was in the soviet union, 
  hungary was not a part of the soviet union . 
  all that and iceland stays the same ? 
  they do ? 
  polish , czech and such do n't sound the same as russian to me : /, 
   converted into a church, 
  with the crosses conveniently removed . 
  taiwan recognised mongolia 's independence some years ago already . 
  it would be amusing if they still claimed tuva in such a situation . 
  what do you mean ? 
  those bases are from the soviet times . 
  latvia and ukraine were part of su back then . 
   also , neither latvia or ukraine have nukes but you have your nukes on their borders . 
  those bases are from the soviet times . 
  they were not built with latvia or ukraine in mind . 
   the most-used word is '' \u044f\u043d\u043a\u0438 '' . 
  really ? 
  i rarely see it used , would n't say it 's common at all . 
  but this only searches in google books if i understand it correctly ? 
  obviously words like '' \u043f\u0438\u043d\u0434\u043e\u0441\u044b '' wo n't get a lot of use in actual books , or in polite conversation for that matter . 
  i was mostly thinking about informal use . 
  your russian minority is fairly urban as far as i understand . 
  you think a russian family living in tallinn is n't going to use the internet or something ? 
  it 's the people living in the countryside who are more likely to bring this statistic down . 
  small correction , it 's \u042d\u043b\u044c-\u0411\u0443\u0434\u0430 . 
  that would have been one of the few things that would have gotten russia to openly intervene in donbass . 
   `` outplaying '' the us would be keeping yanukovich in power, 
  what would have that done for russia in the long run ? 
  ukraine would have just continued on the same course towards the west , just in a more steady and slow pace and in one piece . 
  russia would get to finance that journey i guess . 
  yanukovich was trying hard to play both sides before the maidan . 
  he was painted as a more pro-russian president that he ever was or wanted to be . 
  like , making russian the second state language of ukraine was such a big carrot he was promising to his electorate before he got elected . 
  that never happened of course . 
  did n't want to piss off western ukraine too much or maybe he thought he could get re-elected using the same tired promises and never delivering . 
   russia would have had a lot more opportunities to use soft power and lean ukraine towards itself , not the eu, 
  lol , keeping yanukovich in power would be presented as russia eternally keeping ukrainians from the promised lands of eu and dragging them back to asia or something . 
  ukraine 's trajectory was pretty much set after it became independent with the promises of becoming second france in 5 years , ukrainian president penning books like `` ukraine is not russia '' and the process of ukrainization in the country . 
  the pro-russian electorate in the east slowed things down of course . 
  but again , this would have been solved over time thanks to demographics and ukrainization . 
  i 'm guessing you were going for cossack instead of kazakh . 
   an average low-life russian family, 
  charming . 
  anyway , studying abroad does n't necessarily mean rich parents . 
  though i guess that 's more applicable to higher education . 
  i know various people from perfectly average russian families who 've done their master abroad , including in the uk . 
  i did n't say they paid to study abroad . 
  there are programs , grants or whatever that people can apply for . 
  that 's what i meant when i said that studying abroad does n't necessarily mean rich parents . 
  so yeah , all the people i know who studied abroad come from fairly average families and happened to get into foreign programs on their merits . 
  nowadays poles make up less than 1 % of the inhabitants in lviv . 
  the city is overwhelmingly ukrainian and those who consider it a polish city are marginal voices at best . 
   got a source on that ? 
  i 've been trying to find one and it 's always english/chinese/spanish in that order . 
  i 'm guessing it 's this : https://w3techs.com/technologies/overview/content_language/all . 
   i can only speak for the benelux with some confidence here , but let me give some perspective : birth rates among natives have started rising again and seem to hover around the 2.1-2 .3, 
  do you have a source on this ? 
  i 've just looked it up and it appears belgium had a tfr of 1.68 in 2015 , luxembourgh had 1.40 in 2016 and the netherlands had 1.65 in 2016 . 
  no , it 's not . 
  there 's no law in russia that says the russian president must be a russian orthodox christian . 
  i have no idea what that other poster is going on about . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  there is no law in russia that says the president must be a russian orthodox . 
  if there is , i 'm sure you would have no problem pointing to it , right ? 
  you 're either wildly misinformed or you 're just making things up here . 
  russia has no official head religion . 
  seriously , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  article 14 of the constitution, 
  the russian federation is a secular state . 
  no religion may be established as a state or obligatory one . 
  religious associations shall be separated from the state and shall be equal before the law . 
  there 's no law in russia that says the president must be a russian orthodox christian . 
  you 're making things up .
