   wonder why ? 
  because they prefer him to the other available options . 
  it 's not that complicated . 
  russia should be in the 0-1 % growth . 
  i 'm also having my doubts about the other `` no change '' countries . 
   crimea is majority ethnically russian because stalin deported the native crim tartar population after world war ii, 
  crimean tatars were 19.4 % of the population in 1939 . 
  they were already a minority at the end of the 19th century . 
   putin may lose prestige domestically by appearing to sacrifice the donbass separatists but he would probably gain significantly more for winning the international community 's acquiesce to russian control of the crimea and ending the sanctions . 
  no , putin would not win domestic support by agreeing on a lease for crimea . 
  this would cause a huge shitstorm on the domestic front . 
  the window of opportunity for such flexibility was closed the moment crimea officially became a part of russia . 
  he married her at 6 and had sex with her when she was 9 . 
   sad to hear . 
  good for russia though . 
  we need those russians here . 
  we 've spent a lot of human capital building up the former soviet republics . 
  we need that human capital at home . 
  russians returning from central asia is a good thing . 
  the presence of a russian community does n't automatically make neighbouring countries `` friendly '' , look at ukraine or the baltic states ( lol ) . 
  it 's the current leadership in kazakhstan is practical enough to play nice with russia while slowly squeezing russians out of the country . 
  we 'll see if whoever comes after nazarbayev will continue to play it smart . 
  who is they exactly ? 
  kazakhstan wo n't `` come back '' , and i 'm completely fine with that btw . 
  they 'll continue to build a national kazakh state , but they 'll likely try to keep relations with russia friendly out of practical considerations . 
  russians from the former su coming to russia is a good thing , we need them to strengthen our demographic situation . 
   as they have a problem very similar to that of france in terms of demographics, 
  what do you mean ? 
   let 's say pro-russia politicians would manage to make russian a regional or 2nd-national language . 
  this has no chance of happening in the first place . 
   he really look underage, 
  i 'm russian and he certainly does n't look underage to me . 
  i 'm surprised this is being brought up . 
   illegal immigration from china into the russian far east , estimated to be in the millions in just the last couple years . 
  yeah , that 's bullshit . 
  wow , abc has dug up an article from the year 2000 ( !! ) . 
  https://www.stratfor.com/analysis/russian-far-east-turning-chinese ( july 7 , 2000 ) . 
  and i though it was strange to claim that there has n't been a russian census in over a decade considering the last census in russia was in 2010 . 
  yet , there are still no millions of chinese in the russian far east . 
  you mean russian * majority * . 
  i do n't actually . 
   and see no problem in the ongoing crisis in macedonia where an increasingly high population of albanians wants more and more rights and autonomy , eventually leading to the same fate as that of kosovo ? 
  i was n't aware there 's an ongoing crisis in macedonia . 
  though when you 've got such a big minority in a country it 's not exactly surprising that they want to protect their rights . 
  i 'm not really familiar with the situation in macedonia , so i ca n't say anything . 
   and by that logic we should soon see separatist movements on the rise in estonia , maybe ? 
  personally i do n't expect that , no . 
  `` adaptation '' is not a russian version of `` the americans '' . 
  it 's a comedy show , and a pretty stupid one imo , not a spy drama . 
  completely different in story and tone . 
  did you search for \u0410\u0434\u0430\u043f\u0442\u0430\u0446\u0438\u044f in russian ? 
  why are those awesome flairs gone now ? 
   it 's a bold strategy that has worked in south ossetia, 
  south ossetia is populated by ossetians , not ethnic russians . 
  also , their conflict with georgians was already going on at the end of the 80s when they were trying to separate from georgia before the soviet union even broke up . 
   as well as dagestan, 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  did you confuse dagestan with some other place by chance ? 
  reddit is virtually unknown in russia . 
  i 'm afraid you 're unlikely to get replies from actual russian post workers . 
  so like , if chechnya or something separates from russia ? 
  unlikely , but would n't be a collapse of russia anyway . 
  your wife is abusive , there 's just no way around it . 
  you * have * to protect your children from her . 
  holly hell , i ca n't believe you 're allowing your children to live in this toxic environment . 
  this is going to have a deeply negative effect on them and their development . 
  you need to put your children in first place and get away from your wife !, 
   i 'm trying to chose between the lesser of two evils . 
  you 're doing it wrong !, 
  living with your abusive wife is the bigger evil for your children . 
  your kids do n't have a for the most part normal family life , come on . 
  your 5yo son tried to run away from home for gods sake !, 
  you 're choosing to stick your head in the sand and pretend like this is n't a horribly dysfunctional situation for your children to live in . 
  this is n't making the situation better you know . 
  come on op , you 've got it in you to be a decent father . 
  but you 've got to step up and get your children away from abuse . 
  do n't let them down !, 
  we have a shortage of old men i guess . 
  why is lavrov supposed to do something for benefit of armenia ? 
  because his ethnic background is half armenian ? 
  he seems to be pretty assimilated into his russian half though . 
  considering that he was born and raised in moscow it 's not that extremely strange . 
  bulgaria is n't a russian ally . 
  bulgaria is a member of nato , they 're currently sanctioning russia with the rest of eu countries , in the past they 've done their part in blocking russian projects like the south stream . 
  like , what more are they supposed to do to show their loyalty ? 
  are they actually that reliant on russia for trade and economics ? 
  i would think they are much more closely tied to the eu in this regard . 
  as for energy , there are various eu countries that are dependent on russian gas . 
  does n't make them allies of russia . 
   the sanctions , for example , hurt them . 
  yet they 're still taking one for the team . 
  you seem to have a very low threshold for a country to be considered an ally of russia . 
  a country that is part of both eu and nato is very much a part of the western bloc . 
   russia loses around 30 000 lives in car accidents per year . 
  in same period russia lost around 100 000 people to car accidents . 
  15 765 deaths from car accidents in 2016 ( and 17 651 in 2015 ) , so the numbers will be closer to half of the ones you mentioned . 
  but i get your overall point . 
  i got it from here :, 
   so from where ? 
  kaliningrad is open for russians from the former ussr who are moving to russia through the repatriation program , while places like moscow and st petersburg are n't part of that program .
