  yes , northern russians have assimilated plenty of finno-ugrics . 
  yeah , like via gra , loboda and that alekseev guy . 
  still , they all sing in russian . 
  this info has been released by the russian mod . 
  seems to be a fake , police already denied it . 
  not sure what the fact that this whole story was invented has to do with whether russians do or do n't have balls . 
   if the local guys responded immediately and violently whenever these migrants pulled this it would stop pretty quickly . 
  i agree . 
  ideally of course such incidents would swiftly be dealt with by the police , but if that does n't happen the locals should step it up . 
  frankly , i ca n't really imagine something as blatant as what happened in cologne for example , happening in russia without it turning into some kind of a mass brawl . 
  damn , this story just gets posted over and over again . 
  it 's a fake , police has already denied it . 
  that does n't seem like a fitting comparison . 
  chechens and dagestanis are officially recognised as russian citizens and their regions a part of russia . 
  israel on the other hand has no desire to accept palestine into their own state and let the palestinians become israeli citizens , since that would jeopardise a jewish majority state . 
  if you do n't want to make them your own citizens . 
  why not let them have their own state ? 
  chechnya * is * ichkeria btw . 
  but you know that israel has no desire to do that  a jewish majority state and all that . 
  i can understand not wanting to live with the palestinians in one state , but then not letting them gave their own state if you 're not prepared to take the responsibility for them is a dick move . 
  it would have been like if russia just sealed chechnya off keeping them in awful conditions , and still would * not * recognise them as an independent state . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  crimea is mostly populated by russians who want to be a part of russia , they are considered ` our ' people . 
  poles are poles , they 're a different people ( duh ! ), 
  that we do n't care about . 
  people were pretty riled after turkey shot down our jet , including those that do n't follow the conflict . 
  this was n't just something that concerned some fringe nationalists . 
   other half is ukrainian, 
  even according to the ukrainian census from 2001 , 24 % were ukrainian . 
  though most crimean ukrainians are pretty russified culturally speaking . 
  um , according to the ukrainian census ( not a study ) from 2001 about 60,4 % was russian . 
  though obviously the culturally russified majority in crimea is even bigger . 
  it 's a small nitpick , but your numbers for russia in 1991 appear to be slightly off . 
  russian wiki says that in 1991 we had 148\u00a0273\u00a0746 people . 
  and armenia had 3 574 500 in 1991 . 
  yes , they count crimea into the total population since 2015 . 
  it 's -1.2 % , from 148\u00a0273\u00a0746 in 1991 to 146\u00a0519\u00a0759 now . 
   like it or not , these people are citizens of your country, 
  to be fair , many ethnic russians in latvia are non-citizens . 
  i have a feeling they counted non-citizens . 
  wiki says `` as of march 2011 , latvians and livonians , the indigenous peoples of latvia , form about 62.1 % of the population , while 26.9 % are russians ... there were 290,660 non-citizens living in latvia or 14.1 % of latvian residents , mainly ethnic russians who arrived after the occupation of 1940 and their descendants '', 
  tallinn is about 40 % slavic though . 
  i would say it fits the label of `` significant unofficial slavic language usage '' . 
   it 's happening during a big family dinner so if there was a table set up with lots of different dishes of food for people to take from , what types of things would be on display ? 
  something like the table in this video for example , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojobmsc24zk, 
   mongolians consider tuva the ethnic people , as part of mongolian heritage . 
  ( national tv even have tuva language daily news programs ) . 
  mongolians consider most nomadic central asian ethnic groups as part of mongol heritage . 
  i 'm curious , what about the fact that tuvans , as well as kazakhs and kyrgiz , all speak turkic and not mongolic languages ? 
  i 'm guessing the idea of mongolian heritage is not directly tied to a common language ( family ) ? 
  russian can be both a nationality and/or an ethnicity . 
  i guess xenophobia is a more fitting term . 
   ever since putin came to power , russia has been a master of managing media coverage . 
  in what way ? 
  shit is being thrown at russia in the western media all the time and i do n't see that changing . 
   eh , most northerners wear scarves . 
  um , are you really trying that ? 
  she 's clearly dressed in islamic dress , even the hardcore traditional russian-orthodox women dress differently . 
   how does the average russian perceive islam and the threat from islamic terrorism ? 
  there 's a difference between how secular muslims and traditional muslims are perceived . 
  secular muslims , like the tatars or bashkirs , are pretty much seen as everybody else , there are also a lot of mutual ties and mixed marriages . 
  for example my brother is married to a tatar girl , that 's just a normal part of life . 
  traditional muslims on the other hand are seen as more of a foreign element , we are not used to them are they 're more likely to be seen with some kind of suspicion . 
  we have had some tragic experiences with islamic terrorism in russia , so it 's taken very seriously . 
  lol , yeah . 
  that would be a great way to create a problem where there is n't really one . 
  nazarbayev has the right mind it seems to follow the path of gradual but certain kazakhication ( that 's not really a word , is it ? ), 
  without making very extreme moves that could potentially destabilise the situation . 
  slow and steady wins the race . 
  besides , this article is just tone deaf and dumb . 
  simply equating the st george ribbon with separatism is ridiculous , it has become a very popular symbol of ww2 victory some years before the whole situation in ukraine even happened . 
  in eastern ukraine symbols of ww2 are used as a pushback against the official glorification of western ukrainian nazi collaborators like stepan bandera . 
  there are dimensions there that are completely missing in kazakhstan . 
  so , when i say `` our men '' about russian guys i 'm implying that they 're property ? 
  to me it has the same connotation as when saying `` our people '' , it implies kinship not ownership . 
  eh , i guess i can see that but do n't really perceive it this way myself . 
  to me the primary implication is kinship . 
  maybe because in russian if i talk about russians i often just say \u043d\u0430\u0448\u0438 ( our ) , but it ca n't really be used the same way in english . 
  they 've successfully pushed out ethnic russians out of any power structures in the country . 
  plus there 's a gradual process of strengthening of the kazakh language . 
  though it 's not something that can get done in a few years considering that at this point minorities as well as russian speaking ethnic kazakhs make up a significant share of the population , but i think there 's progress and there 'll be more of it with time . 
  ethnic russians continuing to leave for russia will also help . 
  keep in mind that i 'm no expert on this topic . 
  my family left kazakhstan not too long after the soviet union broke up , so my impressions generally come from other people who ( used to ) live in kazakhstan . 
  this might not be the full picture . 
   i 'm sad you 've been conditioned to think in such a way, 
  lol , i do n't know about / u/alex _ n_t , but in my case i was actually neutral about the baltics before reddit . 
  it 's funny that you speak about conditioning when it were the baltic redditors themselves who formed my impression of the baltic people . 
  they were already there before the mongols , at least partly . 
  just look where novgorod is located , which is traditionally seen as the starting point of russia . 
  rurik dynasty was founded in novgorod . 
  kiev was captured from novgorod by prince oleg who subsequently moved the capital there . 
  there 's a reason why in 1862 , the time of imperial russia , it was decided to erect a monument in novgorod celebrating the millennium of russia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/millennium_of_russia . 
  that 's because the start of rurik dynasty in novgorod was traditionally seen as the start of russian history . 
  back in the day poland itself was also an expansionist empire ... 
  dude , after visiting the baltics i have to say that it 's quite funny and somewhat sad imo when a resident of latvia calls russia hell . 
  as for opportunities , i doubt you would be loosing people at such a high rate if latvia was full of them . 
  it 's western europe that provides more opportunities , including the opportunity for latvians to ditch their country . 
  in some ways it 's also a question of scale i guess , moscow alone has more than 6 times the people latvia has . 
  i do n't think it 's surprising that there would be more opportunities and room for people with ambitions .
