  never had that happen to me or my family and friends . 
  you know , we also watch those dashcam videos for the wtf factor . 
  of course driving in russia is on average less safe than in western europe , but that does n't mean people here are just driving from one outrageous car wreck to the other . 
   and the last question , what do you think about china ? 
  do you think it 's good that your government wants to strengthen the bond between russia and china or would you prefer your country to do business with the eu and especially germany ? 
  i do n't think it has to be an either-or situation . 
  i have a positive view on us establishing more business links with china . 
  but of course ideally i 'd also like us to have a good business relationships with eu in general and germany in particular . 
   but then again , few nations have been fucked over worse than poland . 
  why ? 
  most nations have been fucked over in one way or the other during their history . 
  i 'm not seeing what makes the poles unique in this sense . 
  yes , and when they could they were fucking others over as well . 
  poles were quite imperialistic back in the day . 
  as i said , nations all over the world have been fucked over one way or the other during their history . 
  poland is not that special in this regard . 
  honestly , this makes me think you have n't seen many central asians . 
  there 's a russian minority still living in the various central asian countries and you can tell them apart from the locals in like 95 % of the cases . 
  from personal observation , i 'd say it 's the tajiks who are more likely to have ambiguous looking individuals in comparison with other central asians . 
  i 'm not actually monoracial and i 'm also familiar with the people from that area . 
  i was born in kazakhstan , though my family left the country when i was small . 
  i have seen a couple ambiguous looking people from central asia and i know that the region has enough phenotypical diversity . 
  still , central asians and russians do n't really overlap in looks . 
  there is an actual russian diaspora in central asia and the locals have no problems in distinguishing between ethnic central asians and ethnic russians by their respective looks . 
  though our definitions of `` russian looking '' might also be somewhat different , so i ca n't say anything about that . 
   and the reason she got it is by being good looking, 
  having read their comments i thought they were trying to imply she slept with somebody to get the job . 
  pretty tasteless insinuations either way . 
  would you prefer that there was no russian base in armenia ? 
   but in russia they deny this , wanting their name to be purely national , without other influences . 
  the mainstream founding myth has the name rus come from the [ varangians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varangians ) who settled around novgorod and established the rurik dynasty . 
  it 's literally there in the [ primary chronicle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primary_chronicle ) :, 
  `` three brothers , with their kinfolk , were selected . 
  they brought with them all the rus ' and migrated . 
  the oldest , rurik , located himself in novgorod ; the second , sineus , in beloozero ; and the third , truvor , in izborsk . 
  ** from these varangians , the russian land received its name ** . '', 
  as i said , this is as mainstream as it comes . 
  they have a couple of other videos uploaded with this girl . 
  she looks like a normal happy child , i do n't get how one can label her as suicidal after one video . 
  she was having a tantrum , kids have those occasionally . 
  grandma apparently shared it with some of her friends on odnoklassniki , she probably did not expect this to get big . 
  lol , it 's just a part of a winter outfit . 
  she 's not being covered up for religious reasons . 
  you can see her in other videos with uncovered hair . 
  no , she 's not a muslim . 
  it 's a just a part of her snow suit . 
  you can see her in other videos with uncovered hair : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kszvlmpsy8s . 
  tajikistan is also not turkic , it 's a persian-speaking country . 
  she 's four . 
  her dad answered this question under another video . 
  wait , do you mean specifically the month of march ? 
  because we 've had a small natural growth for the last couple of years . 
  i do n't believe that poland 's elites want a war with russia , because that would be suicidal . 
  but ... 
   there are serious plans to help russia if it is attacked by turkey or china . 
  * come on . 
  * this is ridiculous . 
  i 'm not so sure , their emigration rate is really quite noticeable . 
  in 2015 it was -6,25 migrants per 1,000 population . 
  in europe only lithuania and moldova are doing worse . 
  what do the ordinary polish people have to with this ? 
  our countries are not allied with each other and the formal relations are quite frosty if anything . 
  in case of a hypothetical attack on russia the polish government will not be rushing to help , they 'd have no reason for that . 
   it is the ordinary people that feel obliget to help other ordinary people , especially slavs . 
  i 'm not sure what kind of help you 're talking about here , but i 'm sceptical . 
   we can not understand why we , the polish people , suffered so much because of other slavic countries . 
  it seems to me it just had to happen . 
  i have my own theories on that . 
  i do n't think that 's very surprising , we were competing for domination in roughly the same geographical area . 
  it 's logical that neighbouring countries are more likely to fight with each other . 
  that 's why when russia was going through the [ time of troubles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/time_of_troubles ) poland was invading , trying to take the russian throne and convert russia to catholicism . 
  and then when russia grew in strength , we were doing the invading . 
   there are some strange prophecies of polish priests that russia will be attacked and will need polish help . 
  i know these are only prophecies , but polish people believe such things . 
  if you want , i can check surnames of those people so you can look it up yourself . 
  please do , i 'm quite curious . 
  come on , russia is big enough that the births from foreigners are not enough to definitely sway our birth rate one way or the other . 
  besides , what foreigners are you talking about exactly ? 
  we have a lot of guest workers , who often tend to be male and are n't giving birth here . 
  we also have people who come to settle in russia permanently , when do they stop being foreigners according to you ? 
  those are the numbers from 2002 and all those ethnic groups are also not foreigners in russia ... 
  anyway , my point still stands . 
  russia was loosing people through the 90s and till 2010 and those loses were mostly due to the loses of the ethnic russians both due to emigration and increased mortality/decreased fertility . 
  when demographics took a plunge in the 90s it was mostly because of the ethnic russian majority , our most fertile regions like for example tuva and dagestan managed to have an above replacement fertility through most of the 90s , but were simply too small to have an effect on the national scale . 
  without an increase in fertility of the ethnic russians our national birth rates would not be growing since those ethnic regions that have an above average fertility are too small to sway the numbers in an appreciable way . 
  then why were n't they swinging it up in the 90s ? 
  those regions that are doing the best in terms of demographics now , were also doing so in the past . 
  but they could n't offset the plunging birthrate before , and are not the reason it started going up again . 
  i mean , if we look at our top 5 performing regions ( tuva , chechnya , altai rep , ingushetia , dagestan ) , in 2015 they had about 5,5 % of total russian births while being approx 3,7 % of the population . 
  they are definitely punching way above their weight , but they alone could not make or break the national demographic numbers due to their size . 
  you 're also leaving out the fact that we ca n't really lump all minority birth rates together , because that would not take into account the mixed marriages and assimilation going on . 
  there are minorities that on one hand had a higher total fertility rate in the link you gave above , but still lost a bigger percentage of their population in comparison with the russians . 
  like the tatars , ukrainians , bashkirs , chuvash , mordva , udmurts , mari , belorusians , komi ... 
  crimea ? 
  most definitely yes , recent polls show something like 90 % support for crimea . 
  as for ukraine , from recent polls a bit over 50 % want russia and ukraine to be separate but friendly countries keeping the visa-free travel between the two , while slightly over 30 % want to close borders with ukraine . 
  at the same time every tenth respondent wants to unite the two countries together . 
  as you can see , the idea that ukraine belongs to russia does not enjoy overwhelming support . 
  in fact there are about 3 times as much people that want even more distance from ukraine as there are those that would want to unite . 
  also , i have to say i 'm always puzzled by the western comments that russians are just itching to take over the baltics .
