ha , tallink-silja ( the dominant ferry company that handles most of the traffic between helsinki and tallinn ) will bribe , kill and blackmail any politician who will make any serious moves towards making the project a reality . 
  me too :(, 
  that , and pizza . 
  here we usually have both kebab and pizza made at the same place , i think it 's rare to see some place that specializes in only kebab or only pizza . 
  same here , finnish kebabs pale in comparison to a berlin , or even cologne , d\u00f6ner . 
  it 's kinda considered drunk food here in finland as well . 
  or at least hangover food . 
  yeah , a europe-wide map would have been fun !, 
  they should next concentrate on analyzing different areas of greater london , 
  already did !, 
  well , yeah , there is that unfortunate aspect ... 
  it will be attrition warfare , and there will be plenty of attrition to be had thanks to 60 + hornets and 50 + hawks of the finnish airforce . 
  giving up infantry mines was * muy estupido * though . 
  do n't think so . 
  the only strategic bombers employed by nato are the american b-2 and b-52 , right ? 
  about time someone gave a laugh and a smirk at italian fiscal policies . 
  kids are too much bother . 
  only 94 % ? 
  what , are we all suddenly millionaires ? 
  why was n't i informed ? 
  about 25 years too late . 
  too true . 
  but then again it is easier to find a needle in a haystack than a politician or a group of political affiliates concerned with anything else than near-term election prospects . 
  and even if there does appear a bright and bushy tailed young idealist the system quickly turns him into another cog , concerned mainly with self preservation . 
  just stating the facts . 
  i was once one of the `` barbarians '' myself , sucking on the wellfare teat . 
  as for american prosperity , you seem to have the `` internal turmoil '' - side of things well covered . 
  the `` barbarians '' are at the gate , but , as always , it will be the internal turmoil that will bring us tumbling down . 
  oil . 
  really ? 
  huh . 
  then it must be only students studying in finland with finnish approved cards . 
  pardon me for misinformation , i used to have both on one card . 
  you get 50 % off on public transportation at least in finland , and trust me , it 's a sizeable chunk of change if you want to roam the country . 
  there are applicable schemes in place all over europe , especially scandinavia , so unless you are flying town to town a student card will pay for itself many times over . 
  some hostels also offer student discounts for private rooms , so there 's that as well . 
  horse meat is pretty good . 
  i rarely ( ok , only about three times in my life so far ) eat it `` pure '' , but there is some mixed into my favorite salami brand . 
  and it 's not like they 're bred for slaughter . 
  right ? 
  my point of entry was on the finnish border , my exit point was krasnodar , a flight to vienna . 
  my tourist visa was issued in the name of a fictitious `` inviting organization '' in moscow , as is the common practice when you arrange a visa through travel agencies in helsinki . 
  i arrived at the airport a little late , and a couple of enterprising young customs officers , sensing that they had a good deal of leverage what with me not having much time on my hands , started pestering me with questions ( like `` why do you have so many russian visas , some of them business and some tourist ? '', 
  `` why do you not just stay in moscow ? 
  mayhaps you 're a spy ? '', 
  `` oh you 're a traitor to the motherland as well , we see you were born in the soviet union , why did you emigrate ? 
  '' , bullshit like that ) , and threatened to delay me for interrogations . 
  once they got me into their office the nature of the matter quickly proved to be purely financial , and after trying to shake me down for an astronomical 20k they settled for 5k . 
  i barely got on that plane . 
  boy was it good to be back in europe . 
  no worries . . !, 
   i do n't have a russian citizenship , so getting in and out can occasionally be pretty nerve wracking . 
  i had to pay 5000rur to escape mother russia 's greedy clutches back in 2011 . 
  uh , yeah ... 
  i 'm a russian emigree living in finland . 
  but moving on . 
  i follow the whole corruption mess fairly closely , but had no idea that the numbers for gazprom were quite * that * dire . 
  as for the level of corruption in general , the feeling `` on the ground '' is that it is only getting worse . 
  source : relatives own a few stores down south , have to deal with bribery and corruption on a daily basis . 
  lately i 've often heard the opinion that gazprom , due to corrupt/cleptocratic practices at the top , lives `` hand to mouth '' , basically trying to get away with as little r&d investment as possible , just funneling income to offshore safe havens instead of developing new fields and expanding infrastructure . 
  if so , it is inevitable that it will get overtaken sometime in the near future . 
  that 's a pretty simplistic view to take . 
  we are not * only * moulded by our parents . 
  there has been tons of research on this issue , [ google scholar ] ( http://scholar.google.fi/ ) is your friend . 
  and if that 's too cerebral , then you could start with this slate article on [ gender equality ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/double_x/doublex/2012/04/hen_sweden_s_new_gender_neutral_pronoun_causes_controversy_.html ) . 
  and if you are n't convinced , you could try a home gender neutrality experiment that some of my hippie friends attempted , it always fails at some point , usually spectacularily and traumatically . 
  well , i kinda hoped so . 
  it is no different to other gender-based activist group apparently . 
  yeah , i 've been around the anarcho-activist block in my youth and have met quite a few crazies , and that 's left a sour taste in my mouth . 
  but youth in general tends to make extreme statements regardless of issues or gender . 
  as for the gender roles arguement , well , there have been studies , and while there is a clear pressure on boys and girls to fall into predetermined categories from early age , brain chemistry kicks in in time for adolescence and adds its own dollop of confusion in form of testosterone and estrogen . 
  so , human decency is to make one pay for the failings of other ? 
  is that also your idea of gender equality ? 
  just steamroll everything into one flat plain , no ups no downs no considerations of facts on the ground ? 
  you are taking what is a simple mathematical issue and turning it into this turbulent quagmire of god knows what . 
  wow . 
  `` irrational hatred '' is quite a leap to take from a short critical post . 
  amazing how you have neatly identified and pegged me already !, 
  hats off and a deep bow . 
  ;d but yeah , there are of course fairly wide variations amongst individuals , but there is also the overwhelming influence of certain physiological factors that go well beyond societal influence . 
  why insist on putting genders in a blender ? 
  yeah , i guess it does raise the hackles somewhat , judging by the downvotes !, 
  what 's wrong with placing common sense above political correctness ? 
  it might be unfair but what 's the alternative ? 
  you pay more because insurance companies do n't know that you drive safe , and based on years of accumulated data males do get into more accidents , so yeah , we pay more because * as a gender * we have more boy racers and drunk drivers and road ragers . 
  the insurance company then seeks to reduce the damage done by a few bad apples `` once it gets to know you '' , by reducing your fee for every accident free year etc. 
  and congrats on pulling the racism card . 
  you automatically win the thread !, 
  that 's the thing , they should n't . 
  but we should pick our fights , and not be like those people ( * cough * militant feminists * cough * ) that scream inequality and oppression every time and about everything , even though there might be a perfectly logical underlying reason to difference in treatment . 
  men 's rights is shooting themselves in the foot with this one by reacting emotionally and not logically . 
  in case you have n't figured it out yet , nature * is * sexist . 
  women are weaker and more emotional , men are stronger and are risk takers . 
  you sound just like those feminists that close their ears and go `` la-la-la-la-la '' , and that is n't doing anything good to the cause of men 's rights . 
  but in this case the risky behaviour both in substance abuse , violence and driving habits of males has been well researched . 
  is n't that what the higher premium is all about ? 
  cold math ? 
  did n't know that , guess not . 
  logical though , now that i think about it , with longer life expectancy come more disease , more elderly care etc. . . 
  but in any case , now the premums will go up for both .
