  reasons for this that could apply to parties like the pvv and the fn include : * all the bad publicity does n't really work a second time - people get desensitisd * sf 's leadership tend to take a longterm view of things , and generally do n't sell their voters out for short term political gain for example * the previous election lets sf build out its organization a good bit . 
  * people can see that the ex-ira members are the most hardworking politicians for the area they represent and start to dismiss the bad press * more people start to agree with their ideas through simple exposure . 
  * they are not part of the `` corrupt system '' * they are strong enough now to force the `` establishment '' parties into an informal coalition against them . 
  this means of if one establishment party does something bad , all get tainted by association . 
  * in addition to the previous point , any kind of grand coalition naturally produces space on the margins for more hardline parties to grow . 
  this benefits sf of course * fractured political environment means more elections are likely in future , giving sf more opportunities to advance as outlined above . 
  for completeness , some factors that help sf that other parties likely do n't have : * by virtue of their leftwing orientation and impeccable nationalist credentials , sf can pick up votes from both ends of the spectrum . 
  this is unlike say germany where you have die linke and afd fighting each other . 
  * they 're not racist nor do they hate muslims . 
  * decent technocratic abilities and not too inclined to stupidity , e.g they were the only major party whose proposed budget in 2016 was error-free . 
  * all of the above means a very large pool of potential voters to fish in . 
  * very good at campaigning on the ground . 
  the eu knows what will happen . 
  it was unreasonable not to have a broad strategy sketched out though . 
  may wants to pass laws clawing back the powers so she can use scottosh farms and fish as poker chips for trade deals with the us and the eu . 
  that 's a no-no in british constitutional theory , namely the sewell convention . 
  there 's nothing like arguments over division of powers to tear a political union apart in any case, 
  soft-brexit , and all powers the eu has in agriculture/fisheries go to the scottish parliament in accordance with the scotland act . 
  it depends on how long it would take scotland to join the eea or get an association agreement , both of which are simpler than full eu membership . 
  nissan told theresa may they 'd leave if they were n't looked after and she folded . 
  now scotland is trying the same stunt . 
  there will be many more demands for special consideration from all directions before brexit is over . 
  this is why the eu would n't let david cameron use threats of brexit to get a special deal back in february 2016 , and why * europe \u00e1 la carte * is frowned upon . 
  the cohesion of the uk will be irreversibly damaged . 
  the real problem is the uk 's balance of payments deficit , bit like greece . 
  so now we 're onto questions of who is `` innocent '' , which is generally a pollitically loaded issue . 
  these kind of joint nonjudgmental memorials you have in mind have a high chance of turning into shroud-waving competitions instead of chances for reconciliation . 
  inevitably , someone would get upset by someone else getting commemorated , and wo n't be impressed by assertions that all deaths are equal or whatever . 
  you 're * essentially * attempting to smooth over a complex situation by employing superficially reasonable-sounding rhetoric, 
  can we have a day of remembrance for victims of british state ( sponsored ) terrorism and murder in ni ? 
  yes, 
  tbf the british papers can make shit up to discredit conservative catholic nationalists , look at ireland for heaps of examples . 
  it does n't materially effect the rest of my original comment . 
  i appreciate that you think i 'm a cosmopolitan liberal who subtly manipulates things to portray their opponents in a bad light beforehand , but that is n't the case . 
  i 've spent * hours * arguing with such types on reddit . 
  i actually missed that specific sentence . 
  that was an arrogant thing for mr. hollande to say , and ms. szydlo was justified in calling him out . 
  i do n't get this , nor the nasty comments [ making fun of hollande 's low approval ratings . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/mar/10/polish-pm-beata-szydlo-ridicules-francois-hollandes-poll-rating-tusk-row ) beata szyd\u0142o and pis remind me of arlene foster and the dup . 
  acting like paranoid , immature and spiteful morons wo n't get you anywhere . 
  the obvious effect is that neighbours like `` v4 '' and the baltic states will lose confidence in warsaw and start cultivating alternative allies just in case . 
  you 'd seriously wonder if russian intelligence were behind this somehow , like how everyone jokes about arlene foster being a sinn fein mole . 
  if erdogan was really that cunning , he 'd be trying to butter us up whilst suggesting that the english are nazis . 
  there 's plenty of material : from ottomon aid during the famine , to how catholics in ni were persecuted by british state-sponsored nazis for their faith . 
  i thought the turks were supposed to be experts at dividing the christians against each other , i 'm disappointed . 
  england is going to fragment politically over time somewhat because it 's a smaller version of the uk . 
  like how the russian federation contains similar stress points to the the soviet union , except milder . 
  ni is n't a country , it 's a devolved administration . 
  single transferable vote lad . 
  so , we 've no influential allies in the eu concerning brexit now . 
  thanks , jaroslaw . 
  pis are like the dup . 
  scotland will likely diversify over time like we did . 
  you can just join the eea and remain in a customs union with ruk , they 'll just be implementing faxes from brussels so it 's not like there 'll be any regulatory divergence lol . 
  did you mean alabama ? 
  scotland could probably join the eea and remain in a customs union with ruk in fact . 
  the chances of london ever deviating from eu regulations are very small . 
  we 're like iceland bro . 
  ireland has all those ills , it 's just that economic development , mncs and a mass wave of immigration from eastern europe weakened the `` clan '' and `` pull '' elements considerably . 
  depends on how efficient the state is at allocating money . 
  so you *** still *** have n't read the gfa . 
  the ira demolished parliamentary sovereignty btw fyi . 
  are you trying to argue that a border poll is not might not happen even if ni wants to secede ? 
  smart aleck morons such as yourself are a waste of space . 
  downvoted for arguing in bad faith and being too lazy to read the gfa . 
  ni 's secretary of state, 
  but it 's not the assembly who calls a border poll . 
  britain pumps oodles of money into ni , its problems are fundamentally political . 
  he might adapt adifferent persona irl . 
  nope . 
  everything in that comment was expressed by british officials at some point in the past five years . 
  except for the 1916 apology , instead boris johnson had a letter read out at a reception at the british embassy praising how sensitive the commemorations were . 
  i think theresa villiers expressed similar sentiments when she was secretary of state for ni . 
  i was exaggerating for effect . 
  the problem is partially that rural areas vote in gombeens that urbanites just dismiss as corrupt morons who helped cover up child rape . 
  if rural tds started thinking strategically instead of trying put a world class cardio unit in every parish , they 'd be more effective . 
  i did not insult you and i fully understand your pov : you 're arguing that i should adapt a `` mature perspective '' and consider the benefit that new zealand and australia got against what ireland went through . 
  as for the other person , i can stand in for him . 
  there is still the matter of the somewhat curtly expressed question from my previous comments : why ? 
  first : what 's in it for me ? 
  you know ireland is n't in the commonwealth right ? 
  second : it 's likely you want me to admit that nz/aus somehow justified the empire , there is simply no way you could actually honestly judge the situation . 
  there is a conflict of interest ; even if i am open to the idea , why would i want to to choose someone like yourself as the person to converse with ? 
  third : why should i have any problem with an alternative history where nz/aus did n't exist , but ireland was better off ? 
  it 's easy to demand that others make sacrifices for the greater good , especially when you benefit . 
  i 'm perfectly entitled to say `` ireland first and fuck everyone else '' ; we never invaded anyone since the 900 ad or so . 
  fourth . 
  have you heard of deontological ethics ? 
  actions can be intrinsically wrong regardless of what good consequences might emerge . 
  fifth : just because you might have some kind of duty to honestly appraise your history does not necessarily imply the same for irish people . 
  why ? 
  what do i owe you ? 
  the irish republic was a `` level 3 '' freedom fighting organisation in mao 's hierarchy , able to control territory . 
  it actually belongs in the same broad category as the chechen ichkerian republic or islamic state , but it was obviously catholic and there were no beheadings or rape or such . 
  irish people always get mad when i make the is comparison , but you had the same basic pattern of mobile light soldiers , sophisticated intelligence and propaganda , and ability to keep the population under control and provide police etc. 
  by 1921 , the british state administration had collapsed , the ric was completely infiltrated and neutralised by the ira , the cost of the occupation was prohibitive , britain was up to its eyeballs in debt after ww1 . 
  the ira burned down seven warehouses in london simultaneously around 1921 causing considerable economic damage . 
  bear in mind that republicans had been known to plant no-warning bombs , so this was roughly the fear produced by beslan without us getting the horrible reputation . 
  just the threat if the british continued . 
  so the british just said `` fuck this shit '' and left instead of fighting a ten year war that would required putting blockades all over the uk and dealing with the massive financial and moral cost , and bombs going off all over the place .
