  the provisional ira `` only '' had a population of 600,000 or so to work in , there were 4-5 times as many catholics in all of ireland at the time , and the british would have to cover around 5 times the area . 
  who are you to make moral demands of us ? 
  i 've increasingly noticed british people constantly trying to get * us * to pretend that empire was a good thing . 
  e.g wanting us to join the commonwealth , or attend rememberence , or apologise for the 1916 rising and/or neutrality in ww2 . 
  relatedly , they seem to find it very difficult to acknowledge that ireland is an independent country : '' ** our ** shared history '' , `` special relationship '' , taking it for granted that we 'll unconditionally support british foreign policy etc. 
  you can usually use intuition to estimate transfers will go in practice . 
  for example , most of the votes for a communist candidate will transfer to the social democratic one sooner or later . 
  or a given candidate is well liked as a person , so will likely get in with only two thirds of a quota . 
  another rule of thumb is that if there are * n * seats , they are generally distributed amongst the top * n +1 * candidates from the first round . 
  to count the paper ballots you usually just put them in piles . 
  every time someone is eliminated , you just take their pile and divide it up amongst the remaining candidates ' piles as appropriate . 
  [ this animation from the 2016 elections might help ] ( http://www.clairebyrne.ie/counts/animation2016.php?count=dr ) the difference between stv and d'hondt is that : * you fill out a [ ranked ballot with the candidates on it . 
  ] ( http://www.housing.gov.ie/sites/default/files/publications/files/sample_ballot_paper_2016_general_election.pdf ) * if a candidate reaches the quota , his excess is distributed amongst the remaining candidates according to the lower preferences on the surplus ballots . 
  * if no one reaches the quota , the candidate with the fewest votes in that round gets eliminated , and his votes get distributed according to the preferences on the ballot . 
  * with d'hondt , your vote automatically goes to the next person on the list , here you get to choose whomever you like . 
  * if there is only one seat available , the vote is basically a multiple round voting system , except people fill out their ranked preferences in advance to save the effort of multiple elections . 
  at the end of each round , the person with least votes gets kicked out , and his votes are distributed to everyone else until someone reaches 50 % or everyone else is eliminated . 
  stv is a complicated system , but it 's good for places with a history of civil war like ireland because it can incorporate lots of information and generally ensures that no one 's vote is excluded or wasted . 
  the economy was shrinking since the 1930s , except for a boost to state spending due to ww2 . 
  even then , the troubles were caused by ni political problems . 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive if the demographic-driven growth in nationalist votes keeps pace with the nascent middle ground or grows faster , leaving unionism to get squeezed as its older voters die off . 
  in addition , ni was built to cater for unionists as well , so growth in the middle + nationalism together is still an improvement from a nationalist pov , or a loss for unionism . 
  minority unionism is too weak to stop a ui in the very long run even if nationalism never gets a majority since the `` middle '' wo n't actively fight the centrifugal forces encouraging unity , or try to hold the uk together . 
  he 's arguing that the austrians are taking the bait that mr. erdogan is offering by allowing themselves to be agitated . 
  there was no need for such posturing . 
  mr. kern could have kept his mouth shut and the germans could credibly have claimed that cancellations were only due to unmitigated health and safety concerns as a result of incorrect paperwork being filed . 
  if the akp complained , they would have looked like paranoid morons and drawn attention to their own dishonesty in the process . 
  it would have strengthened their internal critics and made erdogan look weak . 
  instead , erdogan has * prima facie * evidence of an anti-turkish conspiracy at the heart of europe . 
  that clip of mr. kern will be played on turkish tv 24/7 . 
  now there is a reason to justify turkey having a strong leader . 
  the bit about basically using the turks as meatshields wo n't go down well there either . 
  the powersharing will have to stay in some form for a while for stability unfortunately . 
  i think that it wo n't be gone in ni in until 2025 or so at the earliest . 
  the issue is that it can only work as a crutch or splint to buy time for everyone to integrate . 
  it 's not sustainable forever because it throttles normal politics , which will eventually emerge anyway in ugly ways . 
  i appreciate bosniak frustration . 
  catholic/indigenous irish arguably correspond to bosniaks more than the croats or serbs . 
  we 're quite popular in the middle east . 
  ireland seceded from the uk to partially get away from the snobby attitude that we needed to be kept in line because of our religion . 
  you should hear the nonsense that unionists go on about us `` having to show good faith '' . 
  they were all for democracy when they had a majority in their fiefdom in ni , but now you hear threats because they 're fucked demographically there . 
  the single transferable vote makes it reasonably easy for clean and friendly middle ground parties to develop because they pick up lower order preferences from all directions . 
  you can see how alliance and the greens have managed to slowly grow in ni over time . 
  this in turn has a moderating effect since it 's then impossible for any nationalist group to even attempt to pass crazy laws , and introduces the idea of a common interest for everyone . 
  the need for transfers even encourages hardline nationalist parties to be polite to the other side . 
  so sinn fein might get a fourth preference from a young unionist who 's gay because sf are leftwing nationalists . 
  the party-list system used in bosnia simply encourages politicians to concentrate on maximising turnout amongst their own group and fuck everyone else . 
  stv forces politicians to balance broad appeal and keeping their base happy . 
  the reason the dup did so badly in the election last week compared to 2016 last year was because nobody would give them lower order preferences due to them being corrupt and obnoxious . 
  they went from 29.2 % of the vote to 28.1 % , but went from 35.1 % of the seats to 31.1 % . 
  the dup wo n't exclusively cater to unionist hardliners in future . 
  being from ireland , i did n't want to use the term `` bcs '' from the article in case i got dragged into some petty debate by using terms that triggered someone or something i did n't know about . 
  you simply do n't know what kind of landmines there are when you 're talking about a place that 's 2500 km away . 
  so i used a vague and generic term that clearly was n't associated with any country or group in particular . 
  since you 're using `` csbm '' instead of `` bcs '' i feel it was the right decision  . 
  imagine if a montenegrin read my comment and got upset over `` bcs '' ? 
  or a croat got mad because i put bosnian first ? 
  i thought northern ireland was bad , but arguing over which dialect of slavic is used in textbooks ?!?!, 
  bosnia should use ni 's approach . 
  single transferable vote instead of a list system to encourage moderation and allow middle ground parties to emerge over time . 
  end the `` ethnic '' designation for electoral purposes so that all citizens are equal and introduce an `` other '' designation . 
  the designation should sit with the parties , not the voters . 
  i never understood why unionists are n't embarrassed by the `` roi ca n't support us '' argument . 
  it 's hard to see how it is n't an admission that the 1912 ulster covenant was a mistake , and ni is a failure . 
  it is n't unlike calling russian-speaking tatars `` muslims '' . 
  1950s ireland, 
  the greeks could use their tax raising powers to float a new currency , e.g tax credit certificates ; or mandate that a slowly increasing proportion of taxes must be paid in drachmas , that can be bought from the greek central bank at the market rate . 
  the cb can then use the accumulated euro reserves to put a floor under the drachma . 
   yeah , but eu austerity is like totally killing the greek the people , like they 're totally suffering , like eating their babies , but like turkey is like an old friend , they 're neighbours but the eu is just a bunch of weirdo 's who only care about fiscal accountability and if the greece was like liberated like the uk is with brexit then they could like print loads of their own money to pay for all the stuff they need to buy so they do n't have to eat their own babies , you know ? 
  are you drunk ? 
  turkey is in the eu 's customs union . 
  greece would n't be able to use anatolia as an export market to devolop its economy unless ankara were willing to allow greece to impose tariffs without retaliation . 
  who knows what the turks would want in return . 
  as long as it serves its members interests , it will exist . 
  more worker ownership to begin with . 
  the eu is n't going to negotiate in bad faith if that 's your concern . 
  what about market socialism ? 
  it 'll be healthier in the long run by getting rid of a source of tension . 
  look at this sub to see how glossing over colonialism can poison anglo-irish relations . 
  do n't forget all the navigable rivers . 
  the uk will be implementing eu regulations for around a decade at least . 
  i was just noting how funny it would be to see canada , india , and australia all queuing up to trade with * ireland * . 
  both were dysfunctional and autocratic multinational regimes . 
  [ ` ireland can benefit from brexit ' says australian foreign minister ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/ireland-can-benefit-from-brexit-says-australian-foreign-minister-1.2988051 ), 
  that 's untrue , domestic producers benefit from tariffs . 
  it 's tiny , suggesting that the uk ultimately needs the eu more than the other way around . 
  especially given that some business within the eu will benefit from protection provided by a hard brexit , like finance . 
  make amsterdam great again !, 
  3 % of the eu 's gdp off the top of my head . 
  ye should stop letting ukip and boris johnson represent you abroad then . 
  greece seems to have a strong airforce and navy , its army seems well equipped . 
  given the geography , i do n't think turkey could defeat greece quickly , though they 'd likely win * eventually * . 
  a secondary consideration is that greece could attempt to blockade most of turkey , and its the wealthy regions of turkey that are most vulnerable to any such conflict in general . 
  the turkish economy depends on foreign capital . 
  i could see the stress of the war weakening turkey both economically and politically since it would the richer people least loyal to erdogan who would be taking all the pain for a war they do n't seem convinced about judging by the comments . 
  ni 's secession from the rest of ireland would help illustrate this tendency . 
  britain had similar problems with the ira , though irish people were good at guerrilla warfare historically . 
  was n't ataturk paranoid about turkey getting dragged into this bullshit , and so he tried to keep turkey as far from the middle east as he could ? 
  months ago,
