  in addition , the `` new '' elites from the war of independence were freedom fighters . 
  the first generation might have been idealists , but over time , their style of governing meant the country was riddled with weak governance and gangsterism . 
  they then frustrated efforts at introducing an effective justice system to protect themselves , this gave banks the cover they needed to engage in corrupt practices . 
  by 2008 , it became apparent that the country was like the kosovo or chechnya of northern europe . 
  it 's only since then that the country has been flushing this detritus out . 
  * anatomy of fascism * points out that fascism is defined by what it does , not what it is at a given moment . 
  she was supposed to stand up to merkel instead of hollande or macron ? 
  lying like that wrecks your credibility in the long run . 
  that tactic loses effectiveness over time . 
   if the police will keep ignoring that kind of stuff , eventually people will fight back themselves . 
  this regime in its persuade to hold the power as long as possible is digging its own grave . 
  that 's how the troubles in northern ireland started , and look where * that * ended up . 
  there are other examples of this pattern of course . 
  thank you very much for putting the effort !, 
  just one comment :  they had secured themselves an opt-out for the entire spheres of interior and legal politics . 
  you might want to replace `` interior '' with `` home affairs '' . 
  you 'll likely see a [ gradual drift away over several decades ] ( http://m.imgur.com/a/eekli ) imho . 
  not a big risk . 
  it 's in the article i linked to :  * de valera said , ` i 'd like it [ the baby ] to come on naturally . ' i was almost a week at home , i was small , and the baby was getting bigger and bigger . 
  i went in again -- they induced me . 
  ` i normally do a caesarean section , ' de valera said , ` but because you are such a good a catholic , i 'll do a symphysiotomy , you 're a catholic family , you 'd be expected to have at least ten -- if you have a caesarean , you can only have three . 
  and , as a catholic , you need to go through the pains of childbirth -- if you had a caesarean , you would n't . 
  the baby is as big as yourself -- why do small women marry big men ? 
  i 'll have to stretch your hips and straighten your pelvis . 
  i 'd no idea what a symphysiotomy was . ' * as i said , `` catholic equivalent of sharia law '' . 
  take it off him . 
  ireland is similar to the north caucasus in many regards . 
  irish people were historically an impoverished nation of semi-nomads , raiders and so on . 
  so when ireland left the uk , you basically had the catholic equivalent of sharia law introduced afterwards fairly quickly . 
  i just choose the most extreme example to catch everyone 's attention . 
  as a result of the honour culture for example , `` fallen '' women were locked away in laundries to slave away under the supervision of nuns up until 1995 . 
  you had arranged marriages up until the 1950s - there is a famous play known as `` sive '' about a girl being sold to a rich old farmer by her aunt . 
  caesarean sections were regarded as a form of artificial contraception , and that was interfering with god 's will . 
  so if the newborn baby would n't fit , the woman 's vagina would be sawed open to make space instead . 
  that way , she could have as many children as god wanted her to have . 
  ireland also suffered from other associated problems such as intellectual stagnation , excessive conservatism , `` posturing '' , leaders withholding information to bolster their own position , parallel networks of authority , and backwardness . 
  but that is beyond the scope of this post . 
  [ ' i was just 27 and i was butchered ' : symphysiotomy survivors in their own words ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/symphysiotomy-uncat-1356352-nov2014/ ) . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** until the late 1980s , ireland used to saw womens ' vaginas open for religious reasons without their consent . 
  obviously nsfl reading . 
  the year the lisbon treaty was rejected . 
  1950s ireland would be a more likely outcome . 
  those people are being outbred by catholics, 
  the ipp were just as bad . 
  northwestern then, 
   what makes it problematic is that even when the original causal factors are changed , the thinking that was created does n't change , causing further repetitions . 
  as we both said , these attitudes are very hard to get rid of once they become rooted , and have a tendency to mutate . 
  notice how irish republicanism has changed over the past 200 years , but the essence remains the same . 
   i do think we irish , right or left , are powerfully wrong about the middle east and africa . 
  they are so removed from our context that i believe we have a kind of dangerous naivety while having too much confidence that we understand what we see . 
  irish people were originally a nation of semi-nomads , raiders , guerrillas and so on . 
  combine that with the extreme catholicism , ethnoreligous discrimination , and colonialism . 
  we do have insight that a country like poland would lack . 
  the error we make is that we forget that we 're a nordic country , and are inclined to underestimate how far people from those places are willing to go . 
  compare the provisional ira with isis for example . 
  look at irish people and support for palestine , especially in northern ireland . 
  being subjected to this kind of treatment tends to leave scars that can take several decades to heal fully . 
  croatian nazis and kurds fighting side by side ? 
   i do n't think he 's advocating banning these practices , just regulating them and i do n't see why we would be opposed to that . 
  i thought / u/norrisobe was saying that albania was a trojan horse for islamism . 
  my point was that ireland would be the most formidable obstacle to any attempt at regulating islam instead of tirana or sarajevo . 
   also you have to go out of your way and make a law banning hijab in schools so i do n't think it 's against the norm to not have done so , especially considering we have such a small muslim population and no islamic terrorism or campaigns for sharia law and the like . 
  the specific hijab example was only intended to illustrate irish policy towards religion since independence for the french person . 
   secularism does n't mean suppressing religion and trying to convert everyone into atheists , it 's about the state not giving priority to one religion over another and not allowing somebody to hide under the banner of religion to carry out unethical practices . 
  how are `` ethics '' defined ? 
  saying that you only want to suppress `` unwholesome '' religious practices is begging the question . 
  ireland would be a bigger risk than albania in that regard lol , despite being catholic . 
  for historical reasons , ireland has friendly relations with muslim countries and very strong freedom of religion . 
  you can wear the hijab to irish state schools for example , and [ halal slaughter is explicitly legal under a 1928 act . 
  ] ( http://www.irishstatutebook.ie/eli/1935/act/45/enacted/en/print#sec15 ) even if atheist ireland got control of the government with a two thirds majority , they 'd veto any attempt at imposing secular values like you describe . 
  the troubles in ni only ended 20 years ago after all , and ireland exports a lot of beef to egypt . 
  the eu likely would allow her to do so . 
  in other words , she wants to introduce a parallel domestic currency . 
   but again , i am also against the capitalistic american sponsored eu as it currently stands , without the uk , france will be a stronger voice . 
  would it not be worthwhile seeing what could be achieved within the eu ? 
  you 'd need several years to organise a frexit in any case , otherwise you 'd be left hanging like the british right now . 
   unfortunately , its obvious that eu exit is the only option , as france can not just push reforms alone in this block ... 
  this could work . 
  back in the early 1900s , as it became apparent that ireland was on its way out of the uk , england was willing to offer more and more money and autonomy to stay . 
  a more likely risk is a shock of some sort to german exports . 
  the us president ca n't appoint anyone without the senate 's consent either , so smaller states ca n't be locked out of the federal executive . 
  urbanisation will eat into mr. erdogan 's regime fairly quickly in the long run imho . 
  it was legally an integral part of france though , was it not ? 
  britain still has n't recovered from ireland 's secession . 
  algeria has already set a precedent . 
  ireland seceded using a udi and the ira . 
   if marine le pen loses the presidential election , the 2018 national front congress is almost guaranteed to see a showdown between those who backed vice president florian philippot 's agenda for the party -- a statist , anti-european union approach that marine has more or less made her own -- and those who , like the younger le pen , favor a more traditionally right-wing approach focused on conservative social values and less on an all-powerful french state . 
  so an afd-style implosion might be on the cards if marine le pen loses ? 
  what is it with the far-right and falling apart ? 
  just pass a law revoking the naturalisation certificates issued to to uk citzens since the brexit vote unless : ( a ) they were resident on the island of ireland for at least five years ( b ) have an irish parent . 
  ireland is better off in the long run without coups . 
  i do n't care if it sounds racist , i am explicitly saying that i want to separate `` irish '' from `` british '' people . 
  that 's why irish citizenship was introduced back in the 1920s . 
  people who want to skip queues are n't irish and likely never will be . 
  how it sounds to you is irrelevant , citizenship is based on shared fate , i do n't want to share the fate of british people . 
  the problem is that half of ni is nationalist , and they tend to be located near the border and most vulnerable to economic dislocation . 
  this is a recipie for ethnic violence . 
  in any case , ni would turn into moldova , a sort of criminal entrep\u00f4t between the eu and the uk . 
  it 's just a matter of waiting for catholics to outbreed protestants , which would take another decade to make itself properly felt . 
  the uk will likely join the eea .
