  the mediterranean coast faces north africa , where great waves of immigrants to france originate . 
  the eastern frontiers are similarly inundated by immigrants passing through belgium , germany , switzerland and italy . 
  it can be put this way : chirac carried only a single borderland province -- aquitaine , along the spanish border -- and le pen carried every other border province save one , which went to jospin . 
  the borderlands are not only the most vulnerable to immigration , they are also the place where the experience of the european union is most striking . 
  the french eastern frontier has never been stable : it was the subject of centuries of war , and its very instability has made it an important measure of national well-being . 
  today it is exceedingly difficult to experience the border . 
  the european union has not eradicated the frontier so much as turned it into an administrative convenience . 
  traffic passes back and forth as if the distinction between france and germany is the same as that between new jersey and pennsylvania . 
  that is , of course , the experience the europeanists wanted to create , but there is a deep , historic anxiety built into this experience . 
  the very ambiguity of the border raises the question of what france physically is -- where it begins and where it ends . 
  the masses of immigrants raise the existential question of what it means to be french . 
  the united states was conceived to be a nation of immigrants : its very identity is drawn from the journey from the old country to the new , and its culture is based on diversity . 
  the same can not be said of france . 
  there , the nation was created out of a shared identity rooted in the villages , farms and cities of the nation . 
  the united states defines citizenship as an elective affinity , an acquired and chosen identity . 
  french laws have evolved to this definition of citizenship , but a deep segment of french culture has not evolved , continuing to see frenchness as something one is born to.under the european union , france is evolving a la the united states in two ways . 
  national rights -- like american state 's rights -- are being subsumed under a vague federalism . 
  but more important , the new europe is adopting a definition of citizenship that is much more american than european . 
  anyone can become an american -- that is the definition of america . 
  that is not the definition of france , but today anyone can become french . 
  the french definitions of geography and nationhood are becoming blurred and with them , the french sense of self . 
  this is frightening , but not only in the glib way in which centrists and leftists tend to dismiss the far right 's concerns as mere neuroses . 
  it is frightening because it is clear what is being lost , but it is not at all clear what is going to replace it . 
  the european union , which was created through a banal bureaucratic process , does not offer the intellectual grandeur that was part and parcel of the united states ' creation . 
  the eu offers an unsatisfying blend of bureaucratic management and the vague sense that all the blood shed over the centuries between european nations was mere foolishness . 
  the eu also promises prosperity . 
  whether europe is prosperous today because of the eu or in spite of it is a moot question . 
  that western europe is prosperous is certainly true , even though france is currently in a mild recession . 
  the fact that a hard-right candidate emerged to win about 20 percent of the vote in a time of relative prosperity is what is truly stunning . 
  all liberal theory argues that with prosperity comes contentment . 
  france is prosperous by any reasonable historical measure , yet far from content -- it is throwing up a movement that challenges the very foundations of contemporary france . 
  clearly , whatever the bureaucrats in brussels might claim , europe is not about prosperity alone . 
  a human being needs prosperity but also needs to know about his horizons -- where the borders are , who his countrymen are and meaning of his history . 
  in europe today , the borders are vague , anyone can lay claim to citizenship and history is regarded as a vast , horrible mistake to be overcome . 
  classical liberalism and socialism share an indifference to nationalism . 
  to liberals , capital has no country and borders ca n't limit investment , which is what life is really about . 
  to socialists , workers have no country . 
  both have terribly underestimated the power of nationalism -- and nowhere more profoundly than in the european experiment , where nationhood is the problem and economic prosperity is the solution . 
  le pen will not win the french presidency ; mainstream parties will pull together and defeat him . 
  but the problem is that no party speaks for the nation and against multi-nationalism in a moderate way . 
  the left wing anti-globalists might attack eu policies , but they will not address the immigration issue . 
  only le pen has addressed both the question of the globalization and europeanization of the french economy and the question of the globalization of french society . 
  not surprisingly , leftist anti-globalists who regard internal anti-globalist sentiment as racist failed completely . 
  le pen has driven home the point that the issue of immigration and the issue of economic sovereignty can not be separated . 
  since the majority of french parties favor the eu , immigration and globalization , they obviously can not address these issues . 
  so the center and center-right oppose the 20 percent of france for whom this is an issue . 
  the anti-globalist left will address only part of the issue , and le pen gets to adopt the whole issue unchallenged . 
  the insensitivity of the center to the nationalism issue is not confined to france . 
  it is a general tendency in europe , and it also is a class issue . 
  the upper classes , which benefit the most from the mobility of capital and who are culturally mobile as well , are great advocates of the eu . 
  the poorer french , living on the periphery geographically , economically and culturally , have been given no place in the center . 
  we therefore have the extraordinary phenomenon of a genuine fascist movement coming in second during a time of relative prosperity.all of this will pass for now . 
  le pen will be swamped in the general elections , and chirac 's center-right will win . 
  but what europeans and europeanists should consider is this : if le pen can do as well as he has in a time of prosperity , how will his party do when there are serious economic problems and the ranks of the discontented swell ? 
  the usurpation of the center by internationalists means that nationalists must move to the margins . 
  all this works well while the center holds . 
  but if le pen is in second place during a time when the stress on the center is trivial , how much stress will it take for the center to fold under the pressure of nationalist sentiment ? 
  the eu has no answers for these questions . 
  its officials worry about fishing quotas , and make bromides about human rights . 
  but the contradiction between the anational eu and europe 's historical , robust nationalism should not be trivialized : the collapse of the left and the geography of le pen 's victory represent the underlying weakness of the entire notion of a non-national europe . 
  a standard fta w/out free movement is doable , but the uk exports services . 
   if there 's one things continentals never learn about britian , it 's never underestimate us when we seem to be on our knees . 
  napoleon did it , hitler did it , juncker is attempting to do it . 
  britain had alternative markets such as india to cushion the blow of napolean 's continental system . 
  the us provided britain with aid during its wars with germany as well , albeit at a high cost . 
  without washington , britain would have been starved into surrendering to germany . 
  if the uk is getting help from trump , you 're going to get it good and hard . 
  do you think any fta between the uk and the us would be better than ttip when your position is weaker ? 
  when the nhs is privatised one of the biggest obstacles to a united ireland will be gone lol . 
  ireland tried that whole spiel with cunning theocratic populists blowing up a debt bubble in the first half of the 2000s . 
  it ended very badly . 
  he 's 62 , that leaves around 20 years of rule ahead of him if he does a putin . 
   that would require some significant gains on sides of linke and afd . 
  i could see there being a lockout though because that leaves no viable coalitions . 
  linke + afd are already on 41 % together in this poll , they 'd only have to pick up another 5-10 % between each other to get a majority , so that no government could be formed without getting the support of one of them . 
  if there were a second election , and there was still no `` viable '' coalition , the cdu would risk losing seats if they refused to make up their mind . 
  they 'd have to choose whether to allow a leftwing minority government , or start talking to afd , or get linke to facilitate some kind of cdu/spd centrist government . 
  judging from the saxony-anhalt election , this is possible in principle , assuming that afd does n't implode like european rightwing populist parties are inclined to do . 
  there could also be a ceiling on these parties that i do n't know about due to lack of local knowledge . 
  only that specific state ( or perhaps east germany in general ) . 
  compared to britain , ireland was historically the more nationalist , militaristic , illiberal , and conservative country . 
  sf under gerry adams got 24 % in polls and 14 % in the 2016 election . 
  bear in mind that sf has convicted ira members serving as mps in dublin - robbing banks , smuggling guns , possessing bomb making materials . 
  one mp greeted people convicted of killing an irish policeman as they were released from prison . 
  gerry himself is suspected of being a senior ira commander , and ordering a mother killed for being an informant , he openly called for a `` gun and the ballot box '' strategy in the past . 
  scotland would arguably be the better counterpart to bavaria , hitler 's putsch notwithstanding . 
  it resembles irish polling from around late 2014 , with sinn f\u00e9in in the place of afd . 
  the 2016 election bore the same pattern out - except sf 's vote scattered somewhat and there was a shy fianna f\u00e1il vote . 
  sf have gained again in the meantime . 
  dvds being smuggled over the border ... 
   fortunately , there wo n't be another election in saxony for two more years . 
  being irish , i 'm not an expert on east german politics , but if there is another grand coalition in berlin , the spd and the cdu will naturally bleed support to other parties . 
  this is on top of the fact these two are in power at the state level in saxony as well . 
  as a result , over the next few years , it is n't too unlikely that cdu + spd + grn will fall under 50 % in saxony , being at 53 % in this poll . 
  this will be especially probable if the cdu/spd lose enough seats that merkel ends up needing the greens to make up the numbers ; in this case all three of the parties will suffer damage on a local level by association . 
  the 2019 election is going to be very interesting , especially if none of the `` usual '' coalitions can form thanks to afd occupying so much space . 
  the cdu could be in a similar dilemma like fianna f\u00e1il were after the 2016 election in ireland : presented with a choice between getting into bed with afd or aligning with spd/grn/linke . 
  just as well that ireland 's economy partially depends on keeping tech firms happy . 
  that does n't bear out with reality . 
  britain had to negotiate a peace settlement with ira after 30 years of conflict , and it had a bigger army back then .
