   this hypocrisy . 
  the british public chose to murder innocent catholics no more than the irish public chose to bomb british civilians . 
  do british people not get to decide how their country is run ? 
  you had a thirty year civil war and did nothing about it ? 
   am i not allowed to be involved in political discussions that i have emotional opinions on ? 
  because i 'd love to see where this leads to ... 
  i 'm not censoring you , but it should have been apparent from the image in the original submission that there would be views that you find controversial . 
  go around killing innocent people and these questions inevitably come to the fore . 
  it is n't my problem if you 're ignorant of all this history . 
  you understand that there has been a peace agreement for 20 years now ? 
  i could have just said `` ad hominem '' and left it at that , but i would have sounded like something out of / r/atheism, 
  * ad hominems * are the stuff of 12 year olds . 
  i thought we were discussing the 1970s and 1980s ? 
  the uk had a universal franchise since 1918 . 
  the `` old '' ira and the irb had no problem with planting bombs , including no warning ones that killed civilians . 
  the british people choose to start a sectarian murder war of their own free will , so your point about threatening catholics does n't hold . 
  as for the ww2 comparison ; well once you 've seen one set of violent germans thinking that their neighbours are inferiors that are alright to kill , you 've seen them all have n't you ? 
  you managed to miss the point in my last paragraph so thoroughly that it must have been wilful ignorance . 
  that said , since you complained about being victimised by the past , i 'm sure you 'll go all the way and agree that british people should stop stunts like trying to get ireland to join the commonwealth for example . 
  if you didnt want to hear opinions that made you angry , why are you in a thread about martin mcguinness ? 
  lol at the downvote btw - am i upsetting you ? 
  irish independence was gained through terrorism , so yes in at least one case . 
  i do n't really see the issue with using the threat of killing innocent english people to keep the british army in line . 
  the british people democratically voted in british governments that sent the british army in to kill innocent people on sovereign british soil , and the british monarch then gave them medals . 
  the uk set several precedents themselves in fact . 
  first the allies stockpiled chemical weapons so they could use them in the event of a german gas attack in ww2 . 
  they also had no problem killing german civilians with bombs to hamper berlins ability to support german soldiers on the front . 
  it 's interesting that british people are hardline deontologists when it comes to ni , but will happily engage in bucket-loads of apologetics and contextualisation for things like the british empire . 
  almost as if you did n't really have a moral centre at all , but were just making it up as you went along to suit yourselves . 
  the north caucasus is a better comparison imho . 
  are you attempting to give lectures in morality ? 
  who are you ? 
  it worked . 
  otherwise london would have pursued a policy of `` ulsterisation '' . 
  they had a vote , did they not ? 
  compassion ? 
  what has england ever done for me ? 
  all i hear out of you is demands . 
  i actually did n't really hear about the recent attacks . 
  i generally tend to stay away from that stuff . 
  i was merely answering the orangered . 
  in any case , why should i let others censor what i say ? 
  as i said in my original comment , imagine the anger you 'd see if ireland did n't attend the remembrance day ceremony . 
  do you not think it 's a bit silly to allow myself to be influenced by events in a foreign country ? 
   that you posted this after what 's happened today shows exactly who you are . 
  sufficiently irritated at at all the / r/badhistory and / r/rulebritannia in this thread that i decided to get stuck in to these interminable debates for once ? 
   now i just feel sad for you . 
  this is a transparent attempt at passive-aggressively acting superior . 
  first you call me a racist , and now you 're attempting a gandhi imitation . 
   trapped in your mind a large proportion of what i wrote here was actually spent correcting factual errors in others peoples comments . 
   forever tilting at windmills nah , i do n't get involved in this as a rule , but the sheer volume of ignorance produced an irresistible urge , like seeing a crooked painting and being compelled to straighten it . 
   blinded by hatred not really , hating people is generally a waste of time that only exhausts you . 
  to the extent i care , i 'd be more into things like diversifying from the uk and developing the country . 
  i do n't feel bad about the idea of expelling muderous ill-disciplined thugs from my country with violence . 
  the house of commons happily voted to sponsor a sectarian regime year in , year out . 
  the uk is experiencing a parade of sovereignties in case you have n't noticed . 
  inflation is going to produce a hole of around a billion pounds in the uk 's annual defence budget after 2018 , thats a 3 % reduction in annual expenditure that has to come from somewhere in the mod . 
  those are two effects of brexit right now that are corroding the uk from the inside . 
  imho , there is a window of around 5-10 years during which turkey will need the eu more than the eu will need turkey . 
  i ca n't predict past that point . 
  turkey needs foreign capital and hard currency to come in , or it suffers a collapse . 
  britain is in roughly the same position as turkey in terms of power/leverage , and also has similar vulnerable points in the form of a current account deficit and export dependency . 
  so the eu could literally just use the exact same tactics as it would use against the uk to seriously hurt turkey . 
  that is n't a reply , it 's just handwringing . 
  as i said the , ira apparently worked . 
  i have n't seen a plausible counterfactual where the orange state was dismantled of its own accord . 
  you spent an entire paragraph try to guilt trip me with british children , but could n't be arsed making the effort to research any individual irish children , they got compressed into the word `` abominable '' . 
  you want me to consider both sides equally evil , when you wo n't do it yourself . 
  it 's a cynical attempt at shroud-waving to distract from your own actions . 
  your comment is historically inaccurate , and around ten minutes on wikipedia would be sufficient to educate yourself . 
  the uk would go absolutely mental if ireland skipped the `` remembrance day '' commemorations , even though the british army operated death squads . 
  the ira 's mainland strategy * worked * by the way , it put the absolute fear into the british elites , state , security services , and ordinary people . 
  there is no particular reason to believe that democratically elected uk governments would have stopped persecuting people because of their ethnicity and religion otherwise . 
  if you did n't want to get blown up , you had decades and multiple opportunities to do the right thing . 
  you did n't take advantage of them . 
  instead you decided to indulge muderous bigoted anti-irish prejudice and sectarianism . 
  that 's not all it says . 
  the uk conceded your pov is wrong in the 1985anglo-irish agreement . 
  some irish people do , others think we should join schengen , ireland does n't get as much out of the cta as some would think . 
  the uk is being presented with the possibility of being forced to choose between wto or eea by dublin . 
  the irish government is scouting out locations for customs posts and/or inland inspection points . 
  this is an inevitable result of the brexiteers using threats of violence in ni post-brexit in attempt to indimidate us out of the eu . 
  if ireland is willing to endure economic pain , and theresa may ca n't even outnegotiate scotland , what does that that say about the future a50 discussions ? 
  why is pis so strongly opposed to tusk ? 
  then wales inside the uk would be like greece inside the eu , except without access to other markets . 
  wales would be crazy to even consider secession unless the uk goes for a messy hard brexit followed by an ultra-libertarian economic policy combined with unilateral free trade . 
  i never said anything about independence , i said more autonomy . 
  i implicitly made it clear that i was n't talking about independence in fact by contrasting pc 's and sf 's actual aims , and noting that sf 's demands were more ambitious . 
  what you think is self-evidently a waste of time that is n't worth engaging with . 
  ni would have a nationalist majority , and the south successfully assimilated its protestant population, 
  my comment was a warning to our friend not to be throwing stones when you live in a greenhouse , unless you want to end up like the brexiteers getting upset at the snp for using their anti-eu arguments against the uk . 
  the uk is a multinational political union like austria-hungary or the soviet union ... or the eu, 
  plaid are just trolling for more autonomy the same way sinn f\u00e9in troll for a border poll . 
  le pen is talking shite , and it will only hurt her credibility during the campaign . 
  macron will be referring to that clip of david davis admitting that he does n't know the economic consequences of crashing out of the eu , or that the uk will no longer be part of the open skies agreement . 
  and what is marine le pen going to say ? 
  they are hardline nationalists with a leftwing nationalist ideology . 
  concerning pvv 's poor performance , there 's a pattern with sinn fein , an irish leftwing hardline nationalist party , that 's worth noting . 
  they generally fail to do as well in an election as you might expect , then advance fairly rapidly afterwards . 
  in the election in february last year for example , sf only got 14 % , but they are now getting 20 % -23 % in the polls .
