  the country will likely become more active still as all the easterners living here get citizenship and vote . 
  these shifts take time though . 
  it took the us a decade or two as i recall . 
  the banks and car manufacturers are less inclined to suffer . 
  look at irish history threads here for an illustration of this idea that you can browbeat people into agreeing with you by insisting hard enough . 
  [ uk 's net exports are the green line . 
  ] ( https://m.imgur.com/hpwpr8h ) things have gotten slightly worse since brexit and the sterling depreciation . 
  by the ussr constitution , estonia technically still existed it seems . 
   russia insists estonia is actually a country that appeared on the map as a result of ussr breaking up and the old one ( 1920 -- 1940 ) is dead etc. 
  the ussr was legally a supranational union like the eu if i recall . 
  ukraine and belarus were members of the un . 
   within the european union , albania and kosovo will have no need of unifying on their own . 
  but if they were to attempt unification , it could become a casus belli for the serbs . 
  ...  i recently visited the croatian port city of rijeka , close to the slovenian and italian borders , when the two-headed eagle was put back atop the bell tower . 
  it is a hapsburg emblem , not a croat , hungarian or italian one . 
  mainly because croatia is a sovereign state within the european union , and working toward entry into the schengen and euro zones , do the circumstances exist for such a nonthreatening display of local pride . 
  could be talking about ireland here . 
  you must have missed all the posts on / r/europe about `` holy catholic ireland '' and the ira . 
  ireland was a poor country filled with tribalism , terrorism , and theocracy up until the 1990s . 
  it was never as puritanical or autocratic as saudi arabia though . 
  you never invited us ?!, 
  ireland 's in the nordic battlegroup . 
  it 's objectives are ill-defined . 
   it likely has n't prioritised the first one , so wo n't write in a paper that it 's an aim and the other sounds pretty unlikely as well . 
  the point of hard brexit is that the uk no longer has to tailor its laws to be compatible with the eu 's . 
  why on earth would the government set that as a goal ? 
  those are all necessary for brexit to work by the uk 's own stated criteria . 
  you need to maintain regulatory convergence , or experience a hard border - wrecking the gfa and cross-border supply chains . 
  the irish paper `` gets '' this , the british one does n't . 
  both papers are aspirational , and only generally state goals . 
  it 's accordingly difficult to pin down the difference unless you 've read several such documents . 
  here are some examples : * the uk 's white paper does n't attempt to outline a * specific * trade deal . 
  i can match what the irish government is saying to the eu 's arrangements . 
  but what does the uk * specifically * want ? 
  they 're all over the place . 
  ireland is more precise . 
  * basic errors in the uk 's paper such as referring to `` serbia and montengro '' . 
  * the uk 's paper does n't mention certification . 
  * nor does it discuss the question of ensuring that uk laws are continuously compatible with the eu . 
  instead you have david davis going on about parliamentary sovereignty . 
  if you go to chapter 6 on the `` future relationship between the uk and the eu '' , you can see the irish government essentially wants an eu-uk association agreement and a deep and comprehensive free trade area . 
  the `` ukraine option '' is the only solution that lets the uk stay close to the eea and eu as necessary , whilst being independent of the ecj , commission , and other eu institutions , and exempt from fom rules . 
  this document is much more advanced than the uk 's white paper , and it shows that at least * one * actor is sane . 
  could they ? 
  no analogy is perfect , but i said ireland is * like * algeria , albeit much more liberal . 
  irish politics is very centralised and paranoid of insurrection , with a real honest-to-god `` deep state '' . 
  an informal coalition of security figures , senior bureaucrats , media , businessman etc. 
  that often conspire to frustrate electoral democracy . 
  the irish state is very opaque . 
  i can find stories from the past few years of police harassing `` real '' opposition politicians and leaking details . 
   bouteflika is a zombie have you seen how enda kenny clings to power lol ? 
   a succession crisis will happen nope , ireland 's democratic institutions are too robust to experience a succession crisis . 
  there is going to be increasing political instability going forward though . 
   when he dies , everything will turn to shit that wo n't happen , because the irish state wo n't stop sinn fein from assuming office , the same way it did n't stop fianna f\u00e1il back in the 1920s and 1930s . 
  this means the system an evolve over time . 
  the algerian civil war denied the country the chance to properly thrash out its issues imho . 
  it would be like saying that russia is a friend of the people of chechnya because of the guns they gave to kadyrov . 
  why was there a civil war in the first place ? 
   i would n't say ` never ' https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_civil_war the british gave a lot of support to the pro-treaty forces during the irish civil war . 
  it also hurts indigenous irish smes , warps domestic politics , and encourages irish politicians to dole out patronage as if we were saudi arabia instead of actually dealing with deep-rooted and `` legitimate '' problems with competitiveness . 
  there 's a pdf called the [ `` the finance curse '' ] ( http://www.taxjustice.net/cms/upload/pdf/finance_curse_final.pdf ) that discusses this . 
  nonetheless , ireland 's political system is quicker to root this out than the uk , switzerland , or luxembourg . 
  the eu has also been quietly encouraging more civic engagement and media freedom to help deny political space to this behavior . 
  as a result of its colonial history , ireland is a surprisingly authoritarian country in some ways , like algeria and * le pouvoir . 
   your entire recent wealth is due to the eu , do n't you admit that at all ? 
  i just left that out since so many others admitted as much elsewhere . 
   if the eu does not form most other countries are still fine and ireland has nothing you 're pretty likely right . 
   your entire recent success is due to eu membership you ungrateful fuck . 
  you asked why irish people seem to be `` smug '' , and i explained in terms of ireland 's history up until 1945 . 
  i should have mentioned the eu funds with hindsight . 
   that 's no propaganda i was n't talking about taxation policy from the early 1990s onwards , but `` revionist '' historiography . 
   nobody outside of ireland thinks what you do is alright . 
  they are all wrong and only you are right ? 
  you are a tax haven . 
  everybody despises tax havens only the people profiting off it are fans . 
  fact i compared ireland to * kosovo * in a previous comment . 
  * their current president was accused of helping to smuggle heroin and human organs into europe back in 2010 . 
  i also noted that ireland was `` riddled with weak governance and gangsterism '' . 
   who at no point admit that the entire thing hurt the eu there are a lot of attacks on ireland 's foreign policy and neutrality during the past century . 
  saying that we were `` selfish cowards '' for not contributing more and so on . 
  ireland got ** nothing ** in return for helping europe in the past . 
  irish delegates were turned away from the paris peace conference after ww1 . 
  look at how catholics in ni were treated , despite irish contributions to ww2 . 
  nobody in western europe said anything . 
  as a result , irish people tend to tune out legitimate criticism sometimes , and are very paranoid that everyone else wants to appeal to their good nature just to screw them over . 
   smugness have you ever seen a thread on / r/europe that mentions the ira ? 
  exact same phenomena . 
  in fact , i once argued with an english guy over 20 comments that the ira bombs were a legitimate tactic to use . 
  i cited dresden and the allied stockpiles of chemical weapons in ww2 to show that the uk did the same . 
  he ended up calling me `` barely human '' for refusing to concede that what the ira did was wrong . 
   not able to objectively talk about such things . 
  as i said , there is a lot of `` revisionism '' now days , which is just anti-irish propaganda disguised as scholarship . 
  so irish people can get angry at * anything * that looks like criticism . 
  i gave you an honest answer , colonialism does a lot of damage to a country 's institutions . 
  if you look at algeria , you can see elements of their political problems in ireland ( and vice versa ) . 
   maybe the proper question is how ireland despite not beeing involved in the major wars of the 20th century was unable to get any industry going and eventually relied on undercutting 600 million people of other countries by starting a race to the bottom which deprived europe of billions/trillions of taxes . 
  that 's a good question , i personally think that politics played a large role . 
  roughly speaking , ireland was governed by a hybrid of the british system and north caucasus-style clans for the 20th century . 
  that is n't going to produce efficient governance . 
  furthermore , elites from the british system like the catholic church or the legal profession held a lot of power , and stunted the country 's development to protect their own interests .
