  and there was the anglo-irish conflict of the early 1920s . 
  the military budget will continue to decline in real terms assuming it stays at 2 % of gdp . 
  russia was always poor . 
  * kleptocrat, 
  the grand coalition are likely to just about clear 50 % according to polls . 
  if cdu/spd get into bed again , over the next 5 years , they are going to lose votes to afd/fdp/linke / greens . 
  so the next time around , the `` establishment '' will have to cobble together something even more unwieldy . 
  so this new arrangement will be more ineffective than what came before , and will damage anyone associated with it . 
  and the cycle gets repeated until the unsavoury parties get a majority of the votes . 
  if you give the greeks tonnes of money every year , of course the question of euroscepticism there would be solved forever . 
  it looks cheaper just to build a branch line from kaunas to vilnus . 
  i 'm irish , constitutional changes need a referendum here . 
  lisbon provided political fodder for ukip though . 
  labour broke their promise to hold a referendum on the lisbon treaty . 
  it 's a genuine flaw or loophole in unicameral parliamentary democracy . 
  that subsidy is being cut back anyway , and welfare in ni too : http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/northern-ireland-faces-crucial-impact-in-spending-cuts-drive-31393777.html  chancellor george osborne has warned that ministers in unprotected departments would be expected to deliver `` more for less '' in the government 's drive to save # 20 billion over the next four years . 
   treasury chief secretary greg hands is writing to departments to set out plans to achieve savings of 25 % and 40 % by 2019-20 - in a repeat of what happened at the start of the last parliament in 2010 . 
   dr esmond birnie , pwc chief economist for northern ireland , said : `` this will have a crucial impact on northern ireland because through the barnett formula the large reductions in spending in london will be translated into reduced funding for the devolved administration . '', 
  there might not be explicit protectionism as such , but the uk would still suffer the effects . 
  sterling depreciation means a reduction in military spending in real terms as well , the exact amount depends on the amount hmaf imports from abroad . 
  you might have to increase salaries too or people will enlist in other armies instead , or decide the pay is just too low and choose another career, 
  two sets of schools is an indulgence that entrenches sectarian sentiment . 
  there is the likelihood of regulatory divergence over time . 
  tbf that was an example of the legislature acting against the wishes of the population . 
  i was referring to how ireland seceded after a dose of classical liberalism . 
  and why was it snp that took over , instead of a far left party ? 
  to be fair , the uk would not have lasted for long in given its state in 1978 . 
  thatcher bought it 25 years , but the shot in the arm from the falklands war/soviet union and deregulation is wearing off . 
  if you start saying there is no such thing as society , you have to live with consequences - from greedy bankers screwing people over to peripheral regions seceding . 
  pity , look how membership broke the back of theocracy in ireland . 
  with the afd nibbling at the cdu 's flank , cdu+fdp would be hard . 
  turkey has been trying to join for as long as ireland has , with formal candidacy since 1987 . 
  both countries have attempted to use germany and france as a means of pulling themselves out of backwardness on multiple occasions . 
  it 's as close to a natural experiment as you can get . 
  turkey has a point though - there is a considerable amount of anti-islamic sentiment behind their stalled application . 
  when ireland got in in 1973 : * women were the property of their husbands : `` a wife was regarded as a chattel , just as a thoroughbred mare or cow '' . 
  was n't repealed until 1981 . 
  * if a husband and wife shared a passport , he could travel on it alone , while his wife could only do so with his permission . 
  * contraceptives were illegal until 1978 . 
  the law was not liberalised entirely until 1993 or so . 
  * only country in europe to practice anything resembling fgm , women got their vaginas sawed open instead of c-sections so they could have more babies . 
  * up until the mid 1990s , `` fallen '' women , or women who offended the community could be locked away in the magdalene laundries . 
  * a women died in hospital because she was refused an abortion ... actually that was in 2012 * there is a genuine , if subdued , anti-western tendency in irish politics , it can manifest in an anti-colonial or a theocratic guise . 
  * the provisional ira were highly active , with sympathy in considerable parts of the population on either side of the border . 
  back the we were the uk 's bitch though . 
  wanting to give the queen a new yacht named `` britannia '' and advocating trade with the commonwealth like many brexit supportsers want to do , is evidence of romantic british nationalism behind brexit . 
  in addition , most irish `` elites '' expect the uk to try and take us out of the eu . 
  ireland made a serious effort to let bygones be bygones since 2010 , such sentiments have only returned recently . 
  royal yacht britannia ? 
  trade with the commonwealth ? 
  ireland is n't going to leave . 
  you do n't have to worry about nationalism either - it 's the 100th anniversary of the war of independence from britain , so this empire nostalgia from the uk will just put everyone off . 
  irish nationalism is very pro-europe and always has been , who wants to go back to the days of poverty and being discriminated against in ones own country ? 
  we still need a large market to achieve economies of scale . 
  at which point their base will ditch them , and wo n't come back . 
  * `` dissolution of ussr seen as a good thing in baltic countries '' - true * `` bad thing in ** most ** other former soviet republics '' - true , 4 out of 6 is a substantial majority of all the other soviet republics surveyed . 
  edit : `` careful '' = make sure that your post is n't obviously wrong or unsupported . 
   til , ukraine and georgia are baltic nations . 
  `` all baltic states hate russia '' does not imply that `` all countries that hate russia are baltic states '' you 're [ affirming the consequent . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/affirming_the_consequent ) i already advised you in this sub to carefully consider your argument before ejaculating all over the place , in case you looked like an idiot . 
  that said , deliberately ignoring good advice suggests that you * are * in fact an idiot . 
  people arguably made the same mistake with corbyn . 
  a guy who survived coups and negative press from the blairites within his own party was n't going to just roll over during an election . 
  his ratings keep going up because voters are perceiving that he is able to handle himself under stress and intense scrutiny , and theresa may ca n't . 
  you 're right , i 've clearly underestimated how toxic the idea of unity/brotherhood/commonality / whatever is . 
  no matter how it 's dressed up . 
  `` danube slavs '' is n't a politically loaded term , and most people would know intuitively which countries it refers to, 
  they 're in it 's drainage basin . 
  which looks vaguely like austria-hungary, 
  call it `` danube slavic '' edit : i feel like someone who just kicked a beehive, 
   essentially this is an admittance of liechtenstein 's complete lack of power , even within europe . 
  the country is not in the eu and can not affect its decisions , so in order to maintain its own relationship with the eu , it is parroting statements made by other european leaders as an act of tribute . 
  due to the `` brussels effect '' , the uk will have as much practical say in the laws it 's governed by as lichtenstein does . 
   what some eu federalists like yourself think , is that the eu is going to start treating the uk like russia , serbia or iran or something . 
  you clearly do n't know how the eu deals with various countries . 
  especially lumping an accession candidate like serbia together with iran !!!, 
  the european neighbourhood policy already has an off the shelf arrangement that can accommodate what the uk wants - an association agreement forming a deep and comprehensive free trade area . 
   the eu 's relationship with the uk will resemble its relationship with the usa or canada no it will not . 
  the uk wants to opt into eu programmes and maintain a smooth border with ireland and france , so a ukraine-style association agreement establishing a deep and comprehensive free trade area will be necessary . 
  as a matter of fact , it says as much in the tory manifesto : * as we leave the european union , we will no longer be members of the single market or customs union but we will seek a deep and special partnership including a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement . 
  there may be specific european programmes in which we might want to participate and if so , it will be reasonable that we make a contribution . 
  *  a uk-eu trade deal will be done by 2020 , mark my words . 
  if you had made the effort to research the subject instead of blustering , you would have known that a little under 4 years is the quickest the eu could ever reasonably hope to conclude an association agreement . 
  the commission wants negotiations started with tunisia in late 2015 to be finished by the end of 2019 , whether this can be achieved remains to be seen . 
  this is after the 2 year process of taking the uk out of the eu is finished , so that 's 2022 at the very earliest . 
  a further potential source of delay is that the uk apparently wants its ego tickled with a `` bespoke '' deal . 
  or perhaps david davis and theresa may might make a mess of the a50 negotiations , necessitating an extension . 
  the younger generation do n't care as much . 
  you see the same phenomenon with sinn fein in both ni and roi . 
  no one in the eu will take theresa may seriously after seeing her difficulties dealing with mr. corbyn . 
   no i am disputing that cutting innocent peoples ' heads half off to defend a literal interpretation of the bible is fairly specific . 
  can you give another example ? 
  remember , * more * like isis , not * exactly * like isis . 
   disingenuous the uvf planted no warning bombs to intentionally cause mass casualties . 
  the ira was more circumspect about this . 
   justify hastred what hatred ? 
  i consistently argued that the unionists and serbs were more like isis than their putatively `` turkish '' opponents . 
  have all the kids and adults take up boxing and learn to shoot guns then . 
  feel free to sketch out a more nuanced perspective , if you think i am being one-dimensional . 
  my view of history as presented here is perfectly appropriate for comparing the troubles and the bosnian war in this thread .
