  without ni , the uk is the `` kingdom of great britain '' [ gb ] . 
  commonwealth citizens in fact . 
  islamism is a very modern phenomena - you did n't have `` isms '' back during the time of mohamed . 
  there are serious similarities between the islamic state and the irish republic of 1920 , though obvious differences as well . 
  zaytoon does nice food , though they 're iranian . 
  ireland accounts for more of the uk 's exports than the netherlands does for germany when you adjust for relative population sizes . 
  the corn laws were designed to protect the english countryside at irealand 's expense . 
  why should irish people care about the lives of a nation of hibernophobic racists who want to exploit us again ? 
  you made a spelling error : it 's `` prima donna '' , not `` pre maddonna '' , unless you 're talking about john the bapist 's mother ? 
   if ireland had home rule it could stay neutral and irish troops and provisions were needed in the great war needed for whom ? 
  so you are admitting that it was all about british interest ? 
  that the whole `` four home nations '' thing was bullshit ? 
  who said the colonial mentality was a thing of the past ? 
  nope , but naked national interest is a perfectly legitimate reason to leave the uk at it . 
  britain 's subsequent behaviour in ni suggests ireland 's policy was correct and right . 
  india is n't sorry over our neutrality . 
  while you 're at it , stop trying to preemptively discredit us by using loaded terms like `` cowardice '' . 
  it 's transparent , and glosses over appeasement . 
  furthermore , fighting the anglo-irish war was n't cowardice . 
  besides , it 's shameless and arrogant to start making moral judgements about ireland given ** your ** behaviour - stop blaming everything on these so-called `` elites '' . 
  obvious solution is that you do n't have to give more than they 'd get back home . 
  you 'd replace every `` uk '' with `` gb '' over a very long time , and the union jack would have to get the st patrick 's cross removed , or it 'd look irredentist . 
  the difference imho is that in 1932 , the irish security services let fianna f\u00e1il assume power and exercise it democratically instead of staging a coup . 
  in * quantitative * terms , ireland was/is certainly better ; in * qualitative * terms , pretty similar . 
  you still have all private media concentrated in the hands of politically-connected oligarchs , and state media is very biased in favour of the elites . 
  irish libel laws are notoriously very open to abuse , judges are politically appointed , and until less than a year ago , police would harass and attack `` subversives '' . 
  but you 'd never have people arrested for insulting enda kenny , and the blasphemy law has never been used . 
  the past was worse though , with stories of sex abuse and murders getting covered up . 
  likewise , there was some electoral fraud in the past , but nowadays there is just a heavily centralised government . 
  ireland went through decades of cunning theocratic populists from 1932 until 2010 , i never said it would be * quick * . 
  i wrote a comment advocating `` aggressive recruiting '' , and you start discussing the current policy of benign * laissez-faire * indifference lol . 
  as turkey grows and develops economically , it will naturally liberalise - compare the ireland of today , and 1950s ireland . 
  i was referring to normal civilian jobs , i.e. 
  bring back the old * gastarbeiter * programmes . 
  the other guy said germany has a population shortage on top of poor demographics , so it would be useful to have others do the work so you could free up your own citizens for the army . 
  it also reduces ireland 's dependence on the uk labour market to provide jobs for people , and irish workers in germany learn skills that they can bring back home . 
  cultural connections make trade between both countries easier . 
  an alternative source of employment for irish people is important for ireland and germany succeeding in the brexit negotiations as it removes a point of leverage the uk would be very tempted to use . 
  and irish workers can try to get higher wages off british employers if they can go to germany instead . 
  the republic of ireland traditionally relied on immigration to the uk , and britain threatened mass repatriation of irish people when we seceded from commonwealth back in the 1948 . 
  it might seem unlikely now , but imagine in two years time when the uk starts to feel desperate and does crazy shit . 
  germany should then be aggressively recruiting in ireland since it would remove a source of leverage for britain in the brexit negotiations . 
  low hanging fruit imho . 
  would the pay be better than the british army , especially after the sterling depreciation ? 
  they might plan on using ukraine as a buffer state to avoid large conscript armies for the time being , or german political elites want to only gradually introduce militarism into a country that had pacifism beaten into it . 
  irish people get along well with people from eastern europe like poles , lithuanians , and ukrainians . 
  it might be a good idea to for ireland to foster better relations with minsk to help uphold our traditional policy of neutrality . 
  belarus is likely to care more than us about avoiding some stupid war since they 'd be in danger of getting wrecked by nato and russian troops fighting back and forth over their territory . 
  there 's already a precedent from us being on friendly terms with cuba . 
  the eu is unlikely to go beyond a bigger version of the holy roman empire or the german confederation , though you might see more intregration over time as member states band together against globalisation . 
  you can move things from the atlantic and north sea to the mediterranean by boat through the european river network : rhine-danube , loire-rh\u00f4ne . 
  baltic-volga-black sea , etc. 
  the only problem is that similar considerations apply to gibraltar - i.e blockade the blockade whilst saturating a small area with [ cheap ! ], 
  artillery from land . 
  bit like the [ siege of humait\u00e1 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_humait\u00e1 ), 
  it 's handy for the americans , so the uk can leverage it for attention and favours off washington . 
   they actually suggest we should use our military to get out of the eu the way we want , without paying anything and getting control of the lands/waters we want . 
  is that a euphemism for invading ireland ? 
  you 'd need 50,000 to 60,000 troops at least to occupy the place , and the british army only has 80,000 men . 
  this was all worked out during the anglo-irish war , why refight it from a considerably weaker position than in 1920 ? 
  the fundamental geopolitics sustaining the eu are still there , especially thanks to brexit and trump . 
  belarus is being pressed upon at three sides by the poles , balts , and ukrainians ; this state of affairs allows anti-russian tendencies to gradually percolate in . 
  nigel farage is a poor imitation of enoch powell, 
  once turkey had sealed up that gap around vienna , it could concentrate on consolidating its hold on the balkans and converting the population to islam . 
  by that point , the stage would have been set for the turks to turn the mediterranean into a lake , like the justinian restoration . 
   kosovo will even be around in 9 years . 
  ireland ticked along for 70 years despite being created in fairly similar circumstances as kosovo or chechnya . 
  though the irish war of independence was milder than the other conflicts , and there were legitimate fears in dublin in the aftermath that the country would n't be able to hold itself together and the british would use it as a pretext to reinvade and `` restore order '' . 
  it was only the country joining the eu and opening up to the world that caused all the rot to be exposed in the most damaging ways possible . 
  first you had the catholic sex abuse scandals , then the country was nearly destroyed in the 2008 bank crash . 
  now you have a scandal with police smearing their opponents as paedophiles and abusers . 
  that 's like something out of 1950s ireland . 
  his desire to introduce polish as a language in irish schools like french and german will likely bear some fruit . 
  i was putting the sums you were discussing in context . 
  the money is inefficiently allocated . 
  russia defence budget is $ 70 billion per annum . 
  that does n't work since the adherents must choose to give it up of their own free will , like ireland and catholicism . 
  the only country that would be badly hurt would be ireland , and the uk would get the blame for trying to hang onto colonial relics as far as dublin is concerned . 
  there could eventually be national votes in france or italy instead on whether free trade with germany suits them . 
  ( nb - not the eurozone , the free trade zone ) . 
  the eu was n't stopping the uk from trading with the commonwealth or developing countries in africa , [ for example ] ( http://www.dairyreporter.com/manufacturers/ornua-expanding-presence-in-budding-nigerian-market ) . 
  uk 's uncodified system would n't be able to handle being part of a codiefied union like the eu . 
  you were so weakened by ww1 that ireland was able to secede . 
  it was exhausted by repeated wars with germany . 
  any informal european integration will likely get reflected in the eu eventually . 
  ireland will probably only buy weapons off eu states in future , to buy sympathy during the brexit negotiations . 
  but does n't islam frown upon migrating to infidel lands ? 
  sounds like hypocrisy . 
  you need a strong economy to afford guns . 
  wars cost a fortune . 
  they should have done multiple projections under various plausible scenarios post-brexit . 
  assuming immediate triggering of a50 was reasonable since you could n't really say that cameron was bluffing . 
  those predictions assumed a50 was triggered immediately , and that there was no change to the uk 's fiscal or monetary policy . 
   the article is written by a remainer , not someone that voted leave . 
  the fact that uk farmers are not globally competitive is not a reason for us to subsidise them . 
  i do n't get subsidised in my job . 
  i compete . 
  british hard-right types in whatever guise have always been god 's gift to irish republicanism lol . 
  it 's actually quite simple .
