  the ruc and the british army plotted to have innocents murdered and protect the guilty . 
  the police intentionally violated their duty to uphold the law : given the circumstances , i do n't condemn vigilantism against them , nor feel pity for them . 
  they were killed by an organisation they helped create through intentional misdeeds and injustice . 
  ditto for the british army . 
  as for the sectarian regime dismantling itself of its own free will , its incumbent on yourself to back up the counterfactual you implicitly asserted . 
  obviously , it would have been reformed at * some * point , but would it have happened earlier otherwise ? 
  would the uup/uvf/dup have resisted ? 
  unless you can answer these questions , you are best keeping your mouth shut in case your ignorance is displayed for all to see . 
  you changed the question from `` how close is x to isis ? '', 
  to `` would it be alright if isis shot their victims instead ? '', 
  for the first question , throat slitting makes someone like isis , no one disputes that . 
  i also noted that loyalists were motivated by calvinist supremacism - ** you somehow missed that . 
  ** given that isis are militant and bigoted salafists , this is a way they are substantially similar . 
  so i obviously do n't think the execution method is what exclusively determines whether someone is like isis . 
  finally , i said that loyalists killed more civilians than the ira . 
  in fact , most of their killings were of randomly selected catholics . 
  this is like isis killing shia , is it not ? 
  please read what i wrote . 
  for the second question , shooting someone in the head from behind would be more humane , but it would still be murder . 
  throat slitting is gruesome , and the loyalists were motivated by calvinist supremacism . 
  like all those ignorant western isis attackers , many of them had a weak knowledge of protestantism the ira committed far fewer sectarian killings than loyalists . 
  in fact , they killed fewer civilians than loyalists full stop . 
  i never said it was accceptable morally . 
  in any such conflict , everyone commits atrocities , and tends to copy each other to some degree . 
  especially when the violence lasted for 20 years . 
  so if i say that `` x did y , and z did n't '' , there will nearly always be a few isolated incidents where z did in fact do y. 
  but x would have done it far more often . 
  posters would bring up the isolated incidents to discredit what i originally said . 
  so i very carefully choose my original phrasing to preempt such replies . 
  none of the posters here can refute my assertion that the ira did n't go around slitting protestants throats isis-style . 
  loyalists did this to catholics , as i implied . 
  i should have phrased my original comment more precisely , instead of courting needless and tangential controversy . 
  something like :  people who * claim * to feel threatened by the possibility of living under a corrupt/ossified/conservative / honor-culture/theocratic/ottoman-style regime , tend to engage in extreme and brutal acts of violence towards the other group . 
  these violent acts are often so severe that they completely discredit the perpetrator 's cause . 
  where is the throat-slitting ? 
  as you said yourself , the kingsmill massacre was a sectarian * shooting . 
  * downvoting people for pointing out obvious errors in comments is poor reddiquete . 
  at least one person is apparently upset that i keep remarking on their reading difficulties . 
    the ** ruc and british army ** deserved what happened to them . 
   ah yes , i , too , remember the 7th bangor mall volunteers or the guildford/birmingham pub home army . 
  that showed them evil opressors for sure . 
  like dropping napalm in a restaurant . 
  looks like / u/pindar _ mc is n't the only illiterate here . 
  unless you are intentionally misrepresenting what i said . 
  i was n't discussing right or wrong in my original comment , but similitude to isis . 
  can you read ? 
  this is the second time you 've made this mistake . 
  likewise , the rest of your comment has no bearing on anything i wrote , and is just waffle . 
  unless your comment about `` self-determination '' is intended mean to that the british army were actively defending a murderous sectarian regime . 
   the ira never went around slitting innocent people 's throats ** for being in the wrong sect . 
  ** you did n't read my comment . 
  the ruc and british army deserved what happened to them . 
  if they had n't gone around murdering and torturing innocent people , there would have been no substantial paramiltarism amongst nationalists . 
  you do n't see the psni or the british army doing such things nowadays , so it was arguably an effective means of discipline . 
  in any case , the orange state would never willingly dismantled itself , so violence against stormont and its sponsors was correspondingly legitimised , to whatever degree . 
  if this thread gets long enough , you 'll see references to al qaeda . 
  you see the same broad pattern in northern ireland : the people who claim to be fighting terrorism and backwardness are the ones most like isis . 
  stalin was a georgian . 
  we did n't want to share a country with ethnic english, 
  ireland is a conservative country . 
  / u/atomickoala is right , you would have seen an ira-style insurgency on the back of all the grudges generated by the killing and atrocities . 
  it likely would have received support from qatar , and would be very difficult to root out , as isis in sinai shows . 
  the libyan state would have started to weaken considerably past 2015 due to the crash in oil prices . 
  so you would have been in essentially the same situation . 
  your entire comment manages to avoid mentioning oil . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southern_ireland_ ( 1921 -- 22 ), 
  sf are hardline nationalists, 
  and exports . 
  and there is political drift . 
  i doubt that most people would approve of `` southern ireland '' . 
  it 's archaic and has political overtones . 
  if you want to ignore ethnic jibes in your inbox , that 's your right , i do n't have to . 
   settle down paddy the second person to defend `` southern ireland '' is an arrogant ethnonationalist . 
   people are going to use the term it 's just a fact of life ireland is going to continue drifting from the uk . 
  of course , but we all know what `` paddy '' refers to as well . 
  if you refer to roi by a name only coined in 1920 to describe a nominal devolved legislature and government occupying the same territory during the war of independence , you ca n't complain if people assume you 're making a political statement, 
  then how come the only person using it is a unionist ? 
   but then i do n't really get the whole irish conflict , it would have been nicer if the terrorists had n't won that one . 
  as opposed to the british supported orange state in ni ? 
  the unionists and the british threw away a peace agreement in 1973 ( sunningdale ) and repeatedly murdered innocent catholics . 
  this meant that only the most intelligent , radical , politically astute , and ruthless militant organisation was left to defend catholic interests . 
  the gfa was basically sunningdale on better terms for nationalists . 
  like the bosnian conflict , it opened a door to let radical ideologies into ireland as well . 
  republicans got their arms from libya and the plo . 
  if it were n't for the catholicism , you 'd see a lot of irish people in isis . 
  the etir convention allows for transshipment through third countries, 
  they 'll find that the irish economy has become far more integrated with the french one five years from now . 
  it means that ireland will drift from the uk though . 
  [ theresa may declines invitation to address d\u00e1il ( jan 2017 ) ] ( https://www.rte.ie/news/brexit/2017/0124/847429-may-dail/ ), 
   france wanted it the other way round ( to avoid losing some of their precious `` sovereignty '' ) . 
  a capital markets union would have sent plenty of `` northern '' capital into greece without the problems of mis-allocation etc. 
  i predict a ukraine-style association agreement because of the need to ensure smooth transit of goods and some services , whilst getting rid of freedom of movement and the ecj . 
   oh wait , there 's no need for that , you can continue hiding behind the continent in your comfy little place unlike the eastern european countries are you familiar with ireland 's history with the uk ? 
   that try to show their devotement to the us by joining in afghanistan and other places before they even joined nato for the chance that the us would do the same . 
  ireland will avoid colonial wars in places like afghanistan as much as it can as a matter of principle , having been on the other side before . 
   other places before they even joined nato for the chance that the us would do the same . 
  ireland is only rich enough to build a navy since 2006 , before that , we were essentially a land power , despite being on an island . 
  isolationism is a legitimate posture for a north atlantic power , that has been done by both britain and the us in the past . 
  ireland is actually fairly active politically and economically in the east though . 
  e.g ryanair in ukraine .
