sch\u00f6nbrunn is definitely somewhat of a knock-off , but that 's royalty for you - always trying to copy and one up each other . 
  versailles , the grand symbol of monarchy that it its , is perhaps the [ most copied ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/r%c3%a9pliques_du_ch%c3%a2teau_de_versailles ) palace ever . 
  paris of old had nothing to do with the grand boulevards and exquisite facades you see today . 
  ringstra\u00dfe in vienna was already built up and opened , while the haussmann renovation was still largely underway . 
  vienna was the forefront of historicism during gr\u00fcnderzeit , while paris was trying to deal with it 's medieval past . 
  i love both tremendously and have to say your comment is both wrong and insulting to these great cities . 
  ceta explicitly prohibits `` treaty shopping '' through subsidiaries . 
  states always could and still can sue any business entity operating in it 's territory . 
  please , stop spreading fud about things you clearly do not understand . 
  yeah , well , to quote stalin , it 's not the voters who decide , it 's those who count the votes . 
  and as banal as it sounds - there 's really no alternative to putin , at least not one that 's different in any meaningful way . 
  everyone is mostly worried about one significant difference though - whoever replaces him and his team would not have had umpteen years of massive pocket lining behind them and would first and foremost proceed to `` redistribute '' all the profitable enterprises to the `` right people '' and steal with triple efficiency . 
  and nobody in russia wants the 90s back , so yeah , in that sense miserable stability is better . 
  and more than a few russians understand this . 
  but even if all did , there 's not much they can do . 
  as you pointed out russia is not best korea and it 's not some banana republic , where a local chieftain and a hundred guys with machine guns can keep the population at bay . 
  the guys at the wheel are rather intelligent and determined and masterfully keep the country under their thumb . 
  unfortunately their goals do not include caring for the population or country any more than absolutely necessary . 
  so your only choices are either stay and become part of the system or leave . 
  well , while not really a good excuse , it is true for a large portion of the population . 
  having access to internet does not really mean anything . 
  much like having access to a library does n't mean you 're bound to become a scholar in every science imaginable , instead of reading romantic fiction all day long . 
  in the end it 's just a medium and in case of russia it 's a pretty well controlled medium . 
  the amount of shit the web-portals offering alternative opinion have endured is truly staggering . 
  almost all of them have been either closed down or heavily censored or branded as `` evil western propaganda '' . 
  trust me , i 've been following a well-known russian news outlet , which was always synonymous with quality journalism . 
  nowadays , whenever i visit and talk about it , i always get an astonished look and a lecture , how this site is a `` nest of filthy liberal scum '' and how the main editor is `` paid off by the state department of us '' , even from overall pretty smart people . 
  it 's really easy to judge when you 're outside this relentless propaganda machine , but it 's quite a bit harder to withstand this 24/7 shit bombardment when you 're on the inside . 
  it is entirely sensible to exclude moscow , because the disparity is tremendous and nowhere near your examples ( average salary ~ 70 thousand in the city , 20-25 thousand outside ) . 
  moscow is the butt of many jokes about it being a separate state and for a good reason . 
  and no , there are no `` shit-tons of alternatives '' . 
  if you 're earning ~ 300 $ you 're most likely to give out at least 2/3s of it for a * really * basic holiday , which you 're not going to do , because you have to pay tax , mortgage , other loans , save for renovation , car , kids , their education and so on . 
  if you 're a family of 4 and both of you work on average salary and you want a decent holiday it becomes prohibitively expensive in europe . 
  which is one of the main reasons so many russians rush into the infamous turkey/egypt destination and se asia , and even that one is rather less crowded nowadays i hear . 
  the fact that someone can save enough money to physically travel somewhere is not indicative of anything . 
  especially since on that salary you have to positively scrape it together for months by denying yourself a lot in everyday life . 
  moreover i fail to see your argument behind it . 
  well-traveled or not , there 's plenty of russians who are very much aware of the regime they 're living in and it 's awfulness and cruelty . 
  what is all this pointless travel demagoguery about ? 
  first of all , if you exclude moscow , then the average salary falls well below 30000 roubles ( ~ 440 $ ) pre-tax . 
  second , cheapest plane tickets mow-ber cost around 120 $ if you book well in advance , cheapest train ticket from moscow to berlin costs ~ 100 $ * one-way * . 
  and most russians do n't live in moscow . 
  plus visa , accommodation , food , tickets to sights and museums , public transport and you 're well over 200 $ even if you try to save as much as you can . 
  and from what i hear people , who are not twenty-something students anymore , are not fascinated by the idea of spending half their monthly salary and a week of their time to live in a shitty hostel and eat supermarket food instead of local specialties . 
  not to mention the fact that they usually have a ton of other things to save money for like decent apartment , car and future family , while prices are steadily rising . 
  please stop posting this drivel , you clearly have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  judging by your other responses in this thread about internet penetration , salaries and travel opportunities , which are so fantastically divorced from reality that it 's funny , you have n't got the faintest of what is going on in russia now . 
  `` hurr durr russians are slaves who only want authoritarian governments '' is a great stance if you 're an edgy 14 year old , who wants to impress his classmates , not so much if you 're a sane mature adult . 
  blames russians for not accepting any other worldview but their own and entertaining delusions . 
  reduces 140 million people to an insulting stereotype and stubbornly promotes his armchair general tier theories . 
  as freyr90 has said , you have virtually no idea of life inside russia and all it 's internal societal problems and struggles . 
  conflating it all to `` inferior mentality '' is just racism in purest form . 
  why do you keep using fear-mongering bullshit as a source ? 
  the finalized ceta text has been [ published ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2016/february/tradoc_154329.pdf ) over 8 months ago . 
  chapter 29 describes the settlement process in detail and most complaints about previous process have been fixed . 
   so at no point are pairlaments ( even through sub-commitees ) involved . 
  did you actually ignore the very sentence you quoted ? 
  the ceta jc is comprised of meps you voted for and headed by one of the eu commissioners , who are appointed by governments of member states , i.e. 
  your national parliament . 
  the whole commission is literally comprised of members of eu and canadian parliaments responsible for trade . 
   but ceta is not a law . 
  there is also no constitution that tells those `` judges '' what the standarts upon which they base their rulings . 
  ceta is a trade agreement which is literally a large set of rules and laws on how to conduct trade and investments , which parties agree upon in advance . 
  these rules are of course constitutional for both sides , otherwise they would n't be able to work . 
  the settlement courts are there to ensure that both parties uphold their end . 
  dear god . 
  i 'm sorry for being obnoxious in advance , but you seem to lack the very basic understanding of how the judicial system works . 
  the only courts where members are elected or approved by parliaments are the supreme/constitutional ones . 
  the only country on earth which has a form of judicial elections is the us . 
  * virtually all judges everywhere are appointed by special commissions and not elected by parliaments * . 
  these commissions usually consist of various members of judiciary , who are infinitely more qualified to assess a candidates suitability than a collection of random representatives who do not have the necessary legal expertise . 
  in case of classic isds , like the one in ttip , the presiding judges would be appointed by the two arguing parties on a case-by-case ad hoc basis , which led to those courts being often stuffed by less-than-impartial corporate lawyers . 
  ceta addressed this by establishing a permanent pool of 15 arbitrators : 5 of eu , 5 of canada and 5 independent ones . 
  these are selected and managed at will by a * joint commission of canadian and eu representatives co-chaired by canadian minister for trade and member of eu commission for trade * . 
  the arguing parties can either agree on their choice or ask the chairs to make it for them . 
  accountability - another thing you seem to misunderstand . 
  courts and judges are accountable to law and to law only . 
  this is the core principal of judiciary in modern constitutional law . 
  if we were to hold judges accountable for their decisions they would no longer be able to uphold the rule of law and would have to base their decisions on dozens of factors unrelated to case matter . 
  the whole judicial system will turn into a giant farce . 
  please do read up on judicial independence . 
  ceta has plenty of actual dubious clauses with vague language and insufficient instructions as to how exactly carry those out . 
  yet people still keep bitching about the largely fixed dispute settlement , like it 's the end of the world . 
  one of the main points of dispute settlement in ceta is that court members will not be chosen by either party for each case , but pre-selected by canada/eu to serve permanently . 
  moreover the accountability is ensured by a special appeal tribunal qualified to review court decisions and revert them should the need arise . 
  all proceedings are required to be open to public , exhibits and awards are required to be publicly listed and published . 
  at least read the ceta before parroting same baseless populist bullshit . 
  saying that isds functioned `` perfectly fine '' is no better than demonizing them . 
  they worked * mostly * fine , but there 's still a lot of valid criticism such as overwhelming lack of transparency , loophole ridden provisions and , ironically , very questionable degree of impartiality in many cases - the very reason for the creation of separate courts instead of using existing national ones . 
  ceta addressed some of the issues by pre-appointing court members , instituting additional appeals tribunal and including some vague paragraphs about respecting environmental standards and healthcare/public services , but some problems persist and people are absolutely right to be sceptical . 
  strange article . 
  first they describe how this supposedly participatory democratic process is ridden with elitism , severe underrepresentation of many large demographical groups , and parties mostly using it to pursue their own agendas , then conclude that it 's the best thing since sliced bread , because it 's played out on political stage instead of different ethnicities literally being at each other 's throats like 60 years ago . 
  truly fascinating analysis . 
   germany has more people living in poverty than the usa does `` wow , the the poverty in mississippi is 6 times higher than in austria ! '', 
  see how i can twist facts too ? 
  the eu on the whole has lower poverty than us by your own source . 
  but that does n't even matter . 
  you seem to lack the basic understanding of what we 're talking about so let me explain it to you . 
  the poor in the us are still required to pay for healthcare , childcare and education , while the european poor with the same or lower income get those things for free . 
  the same applies to that funny article about incomes - it 's not about how much money you have in your pocket , it 's about what you can do with it .
