  i like how it is now . 
  its better now ... this should not be like cod it should be like . . br lol . . people will get unfair weapons . 
  sometimes you just have to sneak and steal gear from dead people etc. 
  sometimes you cant engage people . 
  its simple as that . 
  this game is br not everyone will have best gear after 3 min . 
  someone will be unlucky and have to be smarter when moving around the map, 
  well thats just bs . . games usally last 20 mins ... i always have decent gear after 5 minutes . 
  not just that , but this is br ... everyone should not have the same gear after 2 minutes . . this is step in right direction , 
  i agree , i really love the game now !, 
  :d maybe add more loot for squads . . but solo and duo are really nice now, 
  the probability is the same for all players . 
  if i play 20 games and the same happens almost every time then this is true for all other players as well . 
  before the patch i landed at avg rank ~ 14 now i 'm 20-30 its a lot harder now . 
  btw do you play squad ? 
  if so maybe the loot is a bit scarce , but solo no way there is a problem . 
  this is br . . everyone should have different gear, 
  it 's more skilled now . 
  i usually got around rank 14 in solo before patch now i 'm in 25-30, 
  i think the loot is a lot better now . 
  now i actually pick up the pistols and uzis i find . 
  let 's hope the people at pubr have stats on how much people 's rank variate if it 's too much then it 's more luck based . 
  but for me i land around rank 20 every game so it seems fine, 
  yea before the patch i was almost fully geared after the first house and then i just waited until i had to move to next circle . 
  now i actually have to move all the time . 
  it 's a lot more fun, 
  i think we have different definitions of necessities . 
  you mean full t3 200 ammo ar with scope . 
  i mean a t1 vest , helmet and a smg . 
  the latter is br . 
  if everyone should have fully scoped ar after 5 min why not just play cs ? 
  but it 's the same for the opponent ? 
  so you can compete . 
  so if you have killed more people then them statistically you should be at better advantage = better chance of winning . 
  holy shit that was a good colorization, 
  damn . . i hope they change something though , before i would only pick up ak i did n't even bother picking up other weapons . 
  sucks to have 60 different weapons types when all are just useing ak, 
  why even have loot ? 
  let 's all jump out of the plane fully geared . 
  what 's the point of going into the first house and be fully geared ? 
  would be cool if the blue rings block all sight in and out of the ring, 
  legendre polynomials . . i guess its fine until i 'm done with the exam, 
  should be more loot , but not more ars . 
  this game is battle royal and should be about what you find and to be clever and use the environment to win if it 's all about shooting it will just be call of duty, 
  what eagle ? 
  nationalism got hit hard after ww2 thats why most talk shit . 
  looks cool though !, 
  thanks alot for the info, 
  can confirm , posted scientific data got banned . 
  dying light is the best game on steam right now . 
  it 's fucking epic . 
  in all for eu , but it needs some changes first on immigration from outside of eu and fishery, 
  really cool, 
  you were lucky bastard , 
  i wish that girl was on top of my train, 
  would it then induct current to everything around it ? 
  can you cheat on exams like this ? 
  that is great !, 
  but what do you mean by that title ? 
  which one is photoshopped ? 
  when a game app on my girlfriends phone said mooooooooo because the milk on her farm from the game was ready . 
  i laughed so god damn hard, 
  hngggg, 
  you are just spraying with an ak ... it should be even less accurate then that, 
  sorry , than * i 'm not native english speaker, 
  i checked it out and they look good , but they are only pvp , i was thinking more about the full survival aspect into a battle royale game mode where people can freeze to death etc. 
  i fucking love rust !, 
  but none of the games you mention are what i was asking for . 
  they are all straight up loot and pvp . 
  i want the full survival aspect ( make buildings , traps and weapons from scratch , die of cold etc ) with a goal where you are the last one alive . 
  and i dont want to have the whole game like that . 
  i like how rust is now , but with a choice to play ranked mode which puts people on leaderboard etc so there is a goal in the game . 
  ranked doesnt have to be exactly what i was asking though . 
  looks great ? 
  why are you spraying ? 
  of course you do n't hit anything . 
  so many kids in this game who want cod gameplay . 
  jeez are you like 13 years old ? 
  although i would like recoil instead of aimcone because this gives the false sense that your aim is actually on the target . 
  but spraying like this should not be rewarded it 's very unrealistic, 
  if you do n't want realism why play survival games ? 
  and yes it is unrealistic to shoot automatic with ak if you do n't want to shoot all over the place . 
  you dont need a single hour . 
  you can go fire ak in real life . 
  although in real life you only need to hit once . 
  i only have 15 hours in the game . 
  good there is no blueprint or xp those are atrocious in survival sandbox, 
  way to much retarded spraying in this game, 
  this ^ grinding resources is enough grind in any survival games . 
  i quit all the other xp survival games because it 's way to taxing on my time and only kids with 20 hours free time can play them . 
  jeez i fucking love rust , wth is up with all these kids ? 
  its the best survival game out on the market hands down !!, 
  there is nothing else to say when people are fucking retarded . 
  so many children playing this game . 
  i just started playing rust and my god they know how to make a game !, 
  yea man , i play pvp sometimes if i play with friends . 
  but when i 'm solo i like to role play and some funny shit . 
  i do n't get these people who goes out of their way to just destroy everything like signs etc just to say fuck you for no reason . 
  i get that they want loot but just destroying shit for no reason when you see all they have is a guitar it 's just sad there are shitloads of very young people playing this game though and this is a schoolyard where no grown up can punish them it can be a mess . 
  they need as little grind as possible it 's a lot already !!,
