  devs deserve all help they can get !, 
  i dont like random killing of people though , its fun if its a gang war or something other that causes a fight , but just randomly shooting people walking around without even knowing that there are other people is just boring and is more like a cod type of game . 
  awesome !, 
  haha that flashlight part !, 
  was thinking about this aswell !, 
  i want a satanic necklace, 
  top pvper in this game ? 
  lol more like top assholes, 
  when can i stop imagine ? 
  i would really like operation archer :(, 
  it was bad reporting , but not so cringy, 
  awesome !, 
  amazing, 
  second this , i really really love this game !, 
  cant wait for the better animations and clothes !, 
  would love a tyt segment on this !, 
  too fuck someones mom, 
  nice ! , but the mutants seemed very bugged ? 
  they just screamed at me and then kept going away, 
  umm , thats a skingirl hairstyle and its acctually pretty fucking hot :d, 
  the grenades !, 
  holy shit !, 
  they could maybe add usa + allied against insurgents ? 
  usa and allied having different spawn sites so you got to be aware of two different uniforms and vehicles ? 
  holy shit that is sexy, 
  if they make mutants big threat , it would open up for people making survival camps and becoming mayor etc i think it would be alot of fun . 
  atleast have it that server choose city building or not, 
  couldnt mods add sv ? 
  then its not official, 
  so much freedom, 
  ^ this private squads should be implemented somehow , many times i play with friends in native language and then some randoms enter and a language fuckfest begins and it becomes hard to concentrate etc. 
  and clan mates who have a dedicated role cant get their kit etc. 
  why do so many americans love corruption ? 
  fuck you erdogan you cocksucking phony ass motherfucking cunt ass pedophile nut head . 
  i hope you get murdered in the streets and get pissed on while a goat fucks your severed skull, 
  thats not how p2w works, 
  dat blue girl, 
  same , played tons of league of legends , now i cant stand it !, 
  im srsly having trouble with replacing overwatch : / / /, 
  video doesnt work :(, 
  thanks !, 
  tides go in , tides go out, 
  gravity is mass telling how much space-time should curve/bend , the more space curves the more acceleration a mass get , and mass * acceleration equals force, 
  a lot of these answers can be explained quite well with physics like time , gravity etc, 
  umm , yes ? 
  mass curves space that accelerates mass around the curved space , more mass more curving = more forces on other masses , you have a gravitational field , we can `` replicate '' it but it 's hard to gather enough mass to have good deal of forces on other masses , because the gravitational constant is 6.67 * 10 ^ -11 . 
  in other words gravity is a very weak force, 
  time is entropy really , https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/entropy_ ( arrow_of_time ), 
  just a joke reference to bill o reilly, 
  in norwegian its valhall , valhalla is english . 
  my god this looks nice !, 
  i really hope they put the same system in overwatch, 
  slaves ? 
  lol americans work for $ 2 an hour hahaha, 
  he called in and said he did it for isis ... father is lying or does n't know his son, 
  that was really cool !, 
  breivik got the weapons legally though , making an argument for even stricter gun laws tbh, 
  no weapons in the world can stop an assasination . . one shot one kill, 
  i get a cabin in the woods feeling from this game, 
  i would not call losing a pip a reward, 
  problem is , sometimes no risk is happening , and if all do great and survive fine you lose rank . 
  that is stupid the ranked system as it is now is really bad, 
  nah , its almost impossible to get away from the killer as it is, 
  well being killer is easy as hell , i always kill everyone, 
  so someone has to get hooked to rank up ? 
  i mean you litteraly lose rank if the killer is very bad . 
  thats not ranked . . 
  yea , might be possible , but it doesnt have anything to do with skill . 
  you just go and farm points . 
  you should lose rank if killed . 
  but if you survive you should atleast not lose rank ... maybe not get much points at all , but not loose points . 
  it makes people just do stupid point farming . 
  what you are saying is that its more of a perk problem than jumping . 
  i dont even understand how they can have ranked with unlockable perks . 
  its actually level to win ... 
  i think its more of a perk problem . 
  if you get faster runspeed etc with perks then i get it . 
  i dont even understand how they can add unlockable perks in a ranked system ... its level to win atm . 
  i have 1 perk and i play with killer and survivers with 4x perks . . wtf, 
  maybe skillcheck on generators should be harder the less generators left ? 
  rank 20 survivor ? 
  so 99 % of the playerbase ? 
  i agree , he looks scary as hell and all , but the invisibility is kinda meh . 
  i really love the bells too, 
  you dont . 
  but be carefull i lost a pip : s, 
  a cabin in the woods !!, 
  that doesnt work anymore though, 
  but why not just leave them ? 
  use psychology and trick them : , 
  i think it will work fine , maybe some small changes is needed, 
  yea , that can be a problem, 
  that perk sound op as fuck, 
  that sound wierd . 
  never happened to me, 
  survivors dont know what the killers perk are , so the naturaly wont think he can be invisible and the survivors are not heavily favored at all, 
  i have owned alot of schoolbus survivors , it took a minute but in the end i out juke them . 
  i do agree that the perks will do killers and survivors op . 
  i think they should revamp the perk system thats where the problem is . 
  ah thats true !,
