  wow , i can actually see the details on jupiter, 
  marriage equality , removing of religious monuments and racist flag , jeez america relax you are giving me a hard on here :d, 
  marriage equality , removing of religious monuments and racist flag , jeez america relax , you are giving me a hard on here :d, 
  wow , that 's pretty neat !, 
  of course being a good person is a good trait , and i do n't like people being bad no matter what their beliefs or not beliefs , but i 'm looking at the bigger picture , i 've met a lot of nice neo-nazis , but their idea is still so awful that i wo n't be around them , same applies religion , your core belief is evil , even though you are nice to some people , and with atheism it 's different , you are saying `` angry atheist '' and think the whole idea of athiesm is to be angry at religion , that 's wrong , athiesm is just absence of a religion , it does n't give you any social or moral code , you can be athiest and still be an asshole , but if you are christian or anything else , you believe that given moral guidance , you ca n't take some and leave some . 
  as athiest you do whatever you think is right etc. 
  and judged from that , so calling all athiest angry or anything like that is like being racist , it 's like saying all blacks are angry , athiest are not part of a group or belief, 
  the irony, 
  lol !, 
  wow , nice mmr, 
  wow , yea thats pretty cyberpunk !, 
  so fucking disgusting , it 's so sad too see that if your unlucky , you can get really fucked over hard, 
  i think it was napoleon, 
  its for people who do n't know what they want in life yet , so they can meet new people and see what they want to continue with in life, 
  ah , thanks !, 
  empyrion galactic survival, 
  yea he have proven the way to destroy everyones lives, 
  harry potter and the prisoners of afghanistan, 
  lol , i love that they ban everything else except you know . . 
  guns ... 
  that 's actually really fucking expensive, 
  poor young people, 
  xrs, 
  sun : no more, 
  only those who signes the treaty , russia and usa have not, 
  holt shit , these comments are disgusting, 
  wow , the kids to indian dubai constructionworkers are going to own a fortune !, 
  working hard is not a good way to have a good life or money , luck and work smart is a what you need . 
  work hard only gets you killed, 
  wow , the kids to indian construction workers in dubai are going to own a fortune !, 
  working hard is not a good way to have a good life or money , luck and work smart is a what you need . 
  work hard only gets you killed, 
  lets all just run away from taxes, 
  omg !, 
  gon na check out my characters , been like 7 years :o, 
  thy should restart everything , and make a new profit model , make the whole game buy once and then free and add cool skins or something for profit , the game is just dead now , it has a good opportunity to become a great popular game, 
  vive la france !, 
  love this, 
  this is why they separate genders in school, 
  really ? 
  progressive system would be nice , but no weapon unlocks etc, 
  look at your map and coordinate with local , remove the name tags its way too unrealistic, 
  it works fine in pr it should work fine here . 
  nice !, 
  but what 's your rig ? 
  i lag so hard on that map for some reason, 
  really ? 
  would you go to a restaurant and calling the guy who serve you a sandnigger ? 
  a terrorist is a terrorist , you do n't have to go all racist about it . 
  idiots, 
  they have vehicles ready , they just fix some bugs with them . 
  best map !, 
  and insurgency if much fun !, 
  you must be fun at parties, 
  yea , a pirate steam@ish version :d, 
  wow , thats awesome . 
  what did the devs not think of ? 
  what about adding off map air attacks that reset every 5 min or something ? 
  like you laze a target and get accepted by the commander and in 1 minute it falls down a jdam with sounds of an incoming air fighter ? 
  etc ? 
  alpha 3.9 update, 
  fight clubbing - too much noise there anyways, 
  it has to be , when you play almost full with friends and * insert native language here * its kinda annoying to constantly give orders to one or two randoms in english everytime you say something, 
  centripetal force *, 
  unsubbing , seems like they lose some now, 
  unsubbed !, 
  wtf , here in norway i earned $ 28 hr as an electrician, 
  love his diablo 3 rap, 
  i did n't even know religion existed before i was like 15 years old . 
  and i never understood why people were, 
  upvote this !, 
  we need a new war !, 
  loved it and cant wait for more, 
  pledge allegiance ? 
  is n't that like north korea ? 
  really ? 
  wow this is retarded . 
  and target nasa ? 
  wtf its educational and scientific organization doing shitload of good . 
  wtf is this crap ? 
  are we targeting nasa now ? 
  really ? 
  fuck these guys !, 
  why is anything illegal when it 's all common sense ? 
  it 's kinda sad because in this case the kid died for somethings that most likely would never been used for defense in her lifetime . 
  why is anything illegal when it 's all common sense ? 
  it 's kinda sad because in this case the kid died for somethings that most likely would never been used for defense in her lifetime . 
  and this religious cult following of the gun law seems very ... islamic . . every single thing should be up for debate or change . 
  or some random doctor says under sanders all cancers wo n't be cured ? 
  i just bought this game , and yea i must say the same where the hell are they ? 
  i walked around for an hour without encountering anything . 
  there should be more so that its actually scary to walk around, 
  awesome !, 
   thanks for answering !, 
  btw is there any chance mumble will be integrated ? 
  the voip ingame has a wierd 3d positioning, 
  ah , no i mean mumble its a voip program that i see implemented in some games it has a great 360 positioning voice chat so it sounds like the players are actually talking from where they stand ingame, 
  i can see that !, 
  i trust you guys !, 
  gave a review !,
