  would fall yes , but china could shut down neo servers, 
  keep thinking that all the way to $ 10, 
  i believe the technology , but i think china make it too centralized and limit its potential . 
  eth will be better here i think, 
  china will control ico and only let chinese do ico etc. 
  i doubt neo is gon na kill eth which is international, 
  eth is nor controlled by usa , neo is controlled by china, 
  it can turn to pennies in a few months too ... 
  this is different , neo is centralized , bitcoin is not china can force all the neo servers down, 
  ta is just bullshit btw  if you want to learn something that actually is real then learn statistics . 
  dogs have gone to shit, 
  best bot eu !, 
  chinese exchanges are selling off btc $ 600 cheaper . . this is the real shit, 
  cool !, 
  hope you enjoyed your stay , 
  ok thanks :d, 
  that was what i thought !, 
  thanks !, 
  circlesproject.io , 
  so ive made a brand new trance channel dedicated to the best trance i find with great visualizers , check it out, 
  i saw this movie in italy but i think it was american . 
  i think i saw it around 10 years ago . 
  i also remember a guy who was in prison that heard a lot of screaming from the police station , and later on he got out somehow and there was a lot of dead policemen and blood everywhere . 
  and i remember a couple that went to this hotel where the old lady was chained , and behind the reception desk there was a guy laying on the floor telling the old lady to not say anything or something . 
  please help me find this movie . 
  so first of all i want to say that i love this game , it has amazing heroes and is very fun and fast paces , and there is not very much i find bad about this game , but the ranked system is something i dont find good , its way to simple and uninteresting , its just rank 50 to 1 and overall dull and simple and why dont you lose points for losing in 50-40 ? 
  , coming from league of legends with fantastic tiers and good looking medals ( bronze to challenger ) in each bracket etc , and in hots your just `` 37 '' , is this the final ranked system ? 
  other than that i would like to say gj blizzard !, 
  im not talking about matchmaking and mmr, 
  if you hate nova 's stealth use your d on her, 
  as tassadar, 
  just played a few games , and i changed servers . 
  there was gl and rocket launcher hackers in every server . 
  i think some hack forum have released some cheats . 
  we need to moderate the servers big time now . 
  i had a big norwegian pr clan back in the days , and it was load of fun !, 
  but i was thinking about how cool it would be to be able to upload your own clan patch that you can wear on your uniform ingame ? 
  what you guys think ? 
  after looking at the new reviews on steam i just had to try it , i always loved the idea of these games . 
  so after joining a server and checking out some houses in this cool little town i found myself really immersed in the game !, 
  i walked around for about two hours just feeling like there was an actual history to the town . 
  seeing a person starved to death by some empty bottles in this small house i really felt like i was inside the game i really loved the way the map was made !, 
  i was like really happy when i finally actually met another human ( who stabbed me with a knife when i found an apple ) lol . 
  everything else seem very good to the crafting of weapons etc. 
  the only thing on my mind is some kind of storage system and maybe make it about more `` scary '' to be outdoors . 
  i really want to hear the mutants growl in the woods at night and people desperately shooting their way into some barricaded place . 
  so maybe some kind of `` wave '' with mutants once in awhile ? 
  at the moment i can just go past the one mutant in the street without problem and even if it follows my i just outrun it . 
  i really would like to have the feeling that if you are outside you better find what you need fast or you will be killed/eaten , but i 'm really happy so far and i ca n't wait to see what the devs have to come with !!, 
  i will be waiting !, 
  thanks again devs !, 
  incredible detail !, 
  i love it !, 
  i saw the new animation video and the new clothing , and i must say i am amazed !, 
  this game is so close to what i ever wanted in a zombie survival !, 
  but when you choose lets say policeman do you spawn around the police station with police clothing with a gun with just a few bullets and as a doc you spawn with doctor clothing near some hospital with a medical set maybe ? 
  etc ? 
  this would be really cool and realistic . 
  i would in rl and mutants should be able to attack and destory bases + is there any rp servers coming ? 
  the amount of kos is starting to get annoying :(, 
  i know pr had molotovs ? 
  and please add a norwegian hero hehe, 
  if so , god damn it looks good, 
  link for new hots ranked :, 
  ( apart from the level to win part with perks etc ), 
  think of it like this . 
  you are a movie director !, 
  you want to make a thrilling and scary movie and you want to keep the audience scared and thrilled . 
  the higher rank the better movie director you are . 
  its not so much skill as you think just surviving doesnt grant you alot of points but your audience dont want you to die either . 
  are you just going for generators ? 
  * audience bored * only hiding in closet ? 
  * audience bored * you need some of eveything . 
  lisa : `` jim !, 
  dont leave mary alone ! '', 
  ( i cant leave yet not enough points ), 
  jim : `` but lisa , she is hooked up and is bleeding out and the whole place is filled with traps and we just went though hell with those generators and helped tyrone !, 
  lets get out now !!, 
  ( i have enough points fuck you ), 
  lisa : `` fuck you jim !!! '', 
  so if you are frustrated with how the ranked system works just think of it like that . 
  if you lose pip you made a bad movie . 
  people think that this is still possible , just putting it out there, 
  that is not always the chase . 
  i dont have enough points and im trying to fix generators and other stuff , and you come close often making it hard to do . 
  and also if someone hide at the same place too long crows will circle over them . 
  . . wtf this should be hotfixed asap, 
  and of course i could not get inside the map again . 
  i can say that the survivors shit their pants when they saw me standing outside the exit lol, 
  its inevitable that voice programs will be used . 
  what about adding proximity voice chat like mumble ? 
  it would be more immersive no ? 
  i love this game alot and its very sad to see people woth 0-3 hours giving the game thumbs down because of some server issues and bugs when the game just came out in ea . 
  i get that people dont like games being in alpha for 3 years , but this game is not the case . 
  i really think the game deserves `` mostly positive '' since alot of the bad reviews came from day one and doesnt get updated . 
  the devs patch the game almost every day which is a rare case of ea games . 
  at the moment the game is at 69.40 % and gets `` mostly positive '' at 70 % can we do it ? 
  if you like the game , lets show that we like what funcom is making by thumbing it up !, 
  i think the avatars should be done in a different way . 
  what if you create the avatar on the god altar and while it is being made it will have a stronger and stronger signal to the sky like when u spawn it now .
