  maybe have it severely disfigured, 
  the hook gets removed if someone gets sacrificed on it, 
  yea . 
  i mean thats the only thing the survivors can do once the killer is after you . 
  you can run for 3 seconds before the killer can hit you . 
  and its not so easy as it sound you have to be on your toes to manage to see where the killer is moving and if you fail 1 second you are screwed . 
  its really nerv wrecking moment for the survivor, 
  the killers there were really bad though , why did he keep going for her when there is 3 others alive ? 
  when you manage to escape, 
  good killers wouldnt let them do this though, 
  it is fine , they should add a bit more time to get through windows . 
  rest is good . 
  the survivors need to be able to do something to get away . 
  the killer was free to go somewhere else though , but yea i get that the killers shouldnt be clowned with like in the video . 
  he is a brutal killer and it kinda removes the immersion with this . 
  they should remove windows in areas where this is possible . 
  maybe the killer should be able to destory the window making it a `` door '', 
  making him move through object on the map would make him waaaaaay to op . 
  i think he is op now tbh, 
  you lose all blood points and rank now, 
  you lose rank if you dc, 
  you lose rank if you dc, 
  only reason must be that they either think its still possible ( it got patched 2 days ago ) or they just want to punish the killer by not giving them so much bloodpoints, 
  you lose rank if you dc !!, 
  why do so many people think this is still possible ? 
  there is always the cellar though, 
  i got it wrong , you lose rank as survivor if you quit the game , but not if you dc/lose connection . 
  very good suggestions . 
  you dont lose rank when the killer leaves game . 
  atleast it doesnt happen to me, 
  i happened while going through bloodweb and when i joined a game both were gone . 
  you dont get bloodpoints , but you dont lose rank . 
  it says that you lose rank in the end menu , but you dont . 
  this game has a awesome concept and the lore and detail is astonishing . 
  but the perks system is so unfair and stupid . 
  and . . well yea i agree on everything you said, 
  its an awesome game , but it really feels like a beta release, 
  no the killer should not be killed , they are a big evil that slay the survivors , making the survivor being able to kill the evil will make the killers less scary and more human . 
  it 's not how good they are , it 's the perks that make it unbalanced . 
  wraith will slay the shit out of all survivors with no perks , but with op perks wraith is shit . 
  they need to remove/balance the perks, 
  they should have ranked , but why the hell is n't there a unranked feature ? 
  i would love the challenge, 
  just got kicked off steam : s, 
  think steam just went offline , try stop steam bootstrap in task manager and start steam again, 
  when im the killer i like that no one goes helping because im not there either i hunt the generator fixers who think they are safe while i get a free kill : , 
  mine says 800 bytes : s, 
  well actually it seems that he is the one hiring, 
  he is a profitable company owner lol prob 100x your salary xd, 
  did n't you guys have a colony there ? 
  is n't ghost the radio host from texas ? 
  more like life on crack, 
  if you cloak farm i dc , you want to exploit then so do i, 
  they should have cosmetics and new killers/survivors for blood coins or real $ $ like league, 
  so because others do it , you will do it too ? 
  dont give me that shit 90 % of wraiths do it without anyone dc ` ing, 
  there is a killer perk that it one hit ko when exits are open, 
  ugh she looks fucking scary as hell, 
  if anyone is interested they will light it tonight, 
  holy shit i think i threw up, 
  there are actually alooot of bugs, 
  same : / i was really expecting it to come with this patch . 
  damn, 
  i was so ready for friend mode :( ( , but nice with these fixes, 
  is it even possible to rank as survivor anymore ? 
  so survivors dont get anything ? 
  it makes it harder for the survivors to win aswell when survivors dc, 
  well , its impossible to be survivor now + its retarded that only killer gets rewarded when survivors dc its much worse for the survivors that are left, 
  survivors should also get points when survivor dc/leave its even harder for them then the killer ... 
  ahh thought it was only 5k objective . . mb, 
  doing it 5 times is on purpose ... 
  how do you fix leavers ? 
  they seeked out the exploit , its the same thing . 
  you are accepting the terms that says you will be banned if you use exploits when you buy the game . 
  it doesnt matter if you payed for it . 
  til stun does dmg, 
  wow this is some realy sexy patch notes, 
  duuuudddeee , 75 ak 's are not fucking small amount in a european country jeeeez !, 
  so turkey is now officially entering the islamic shithole . 
  there is no way they are joining the eu . 
  throw them out of nato and let russia revenge their pilot, 
  they shot at police, 
  meanwhile in turkey, 
  nice !, 
  wtfff they are like 23 +, 
  great , you should try follow the rules of the country instead, 
  that some people get killed is not such a big thing in the country of 60m , but it 's how it happens . 
  people desperate for money etc and knife people when robbing and organized crime that also does thing for money etc. 
  but this is killing young children and mother for how they are dressed , that is not s common thing in europe !, 
  it 's a drastic change in society . 
  it has nothing to do with color what so ever . 
  religion is crap that should have been taken care of hundreds of years ago . 
  i ca n't fathom why this crap is still around it 's insane . 
  turkey cartoon tv, 
  wow , this ... 
  this is actually going the right direction , although i dont think it should be banned like this . 
  they should remove funding and from school etc . 
  come on russia and usa be friends already explore the cosmos !!, 
  the west need as many non religious people as possible, 
  religion can go fuck itself , we dont need it !,
