  no bp or xp !, 
  it 's madness and only no lifers can play it, 
  well good thing they changed it from this crap, 
  battlefield 3 ? 
  idk i do n't know anything about that game , but i have played a lot of pr and squad . 
  and i do n't understand how this is a bad mechanic this makes tactical firefights viable, 
  project reality ( pr ) is a battlefield 2 realism mod which still after a lot years is very popular . 
  in those games there is no added aimcone when suppresses but you are encouraged to get cover . 
  now you can get shot at and you can just 360 headshot . 
  anyways i 'm just giving a suggestion if people do n't want it it 's ok . 
  i just started playing rust and i fucking love it . 
  i have 60 hours in a week now i ca n't stop putting it down, 
  i just started playing rust and it 's fucking awesome . 
  i think fp is the only company who is able to make a awesome survival game . 
  i 've put in more hours in rust now in one week then i ever did since conan exiles launch and i ca n't stop putting it down . 
  the only problem with rust is the community is very childish and toxic . 
  but the game is not shit ... 
  the one who is not spraying should win the fight . . 
  but the game is not shit ... 
  but the game is not shit ... 
  she was in batman , fast and the furious , superman , but those did n't get banned, 
  there is no survival sandbox that has as good pvp as rust . 
  stop cheating, 
  no , no progression system is not the problem . 
  the problem is that it is no goal in the game . 
  it is a problem with all survival games . 
  it is also a problem to join a server after one day because everyone has long ranged weapons and you only have spear . 
  progress system will only increase the grind making the game even more unattractive for casuals, 
  i think rust is really fun , but they should add a ranked mode . 
  that would make people stay forever . 
  that will also bring a goal to rust which it really needs . 
  like all other survival games . 
  that 's just grind . 
  casuals should be able to make endgame things too . . it should be based on your skill to survive not how lucky you were or how many times you hit a barrel, 
  no there are no mods for what i 'm suggesting and it 's nothing like h1z1, 
  so thats how they kull me so easily in the dark !, 
  i cant see shit and they hit me easy as hell, 
  drinking is a very boring concept in a game and should be very limited, 
  try this :, 
  find geth.exe , drag it inside cmd to get the path . 
  then add -- light after '', 
  now wait for it to load and start on the block . 
  now find ethereum wallet into cmd and type -- node -- light after '' and press enter, 
  then wait and see if it works, 
  sorry i meant after '' like after the '' sign not with `` after '' :p, 
  yes they are different , http://s2.postimg.org/613nrhud5/screenshot_42.png, 
  oh forgot you might need to download geth ? 
  check if you have it first, 
  its what is used to connect to the nodes and sync your wallet . 
  there should be tuts out there useing this method . 
  yes , its launcedd first and wait for it to connect, 
  andd it should look something like this, 
  is your system clock on pc auto synced ? 
  i think it need to be, 
  hmm , im sorry i dont know very much and i havent tryed out the miner . 
  awesome !, 
  oh and btw , when syncing the light version you may not be able to access everything i think . 
  its just the wallet system etc. 
  if you do it without the -- light and the other commands you get the full size but could take days to download i had a big headache trying to get it down . 
  big black cock ? 
  ethereum is backed by smart contracts etc so its actually something usefull . 
  i nydelig bought some because i want to use the ether , not to speculate and sell again, 
  you might be lucky ... open wallet then go, 
  file -  backup -  accounts -  open keystore folder and there should be utc file/s if there is you have your kkeys, 
  then you should have you account on the wallet . 
  are you fully synced ? 
  open wallet , sync full and enter wallet , your account should be there with eth if you are fully synced and enter password to send ether . 
  are you useing mist ` ? 
  have you tried useing the light version ? 
  are you fully synced ? 
  eth has actual value though , many will want to have eth to actually use it . 
  bitcoin is just a currency that you cant use everywhere . 
  thats all , eth is exactly the same , but can also be used for something aswell . 
  i think that as soon as people dont earn money on bitcoin they will sell it off . 
  dont they need your password to send the eth away ? 
  or did they keylog it when you did send some eth ? 
  why zip up when you will just zip down again later, 
  wow ... 
  yea it 's good , that dude is just used to listening to gay porn all day . 
  i would, 
  more like supply and speculation . . 90 % of bitcoin holder does n't use it . 
  general :, 
  # have not had that problem , but cant say no, 
  # yes !!, 
  # yes, 
  what game is that ? 
  that 's some sweet animations, 
  ye , they are not very good at communication . . 
  no no no no !!, 
  test, 
  this !!!!, 
  with gas retrieval !, 
  it took hundreds of years to get out of the last dark age . 
  china could crack down neo though : /, 
  i guess we go for noodles instead of lambos, 
  chinese government could actually put neo down and make it worthless anytime . 
  scary as hell, 
  china could make it useless with a stroke of a pen , no government can do that with eth etc. 
  neo chain is not public, 
  are the validators spread worldwide ?
