made chlorine gas at home , has to evacuate home and i got really fucked up, 
  im so done with people fuck it all, 
  so true !, 
  wow !, 
  so sad omg, 
  atleast you didnt skype with some other girl and saw their pussy, 
  haha , nice that really creeped me out , wow :d, 
  who are you to judge who jesus loves , how disrespectful !, 
  i thought it was this '' aliens '' dude, 
  anyone have the link to full movie ? 
  lol, 
  what are you working as ? 
  i came, 
  my plane is leaving in 5 minutes and i see this : < <, 
  why havent i heard about this guy before ? 
  seen this on a nature show once, 
  rats are so awesome, 
  yea !, 
  use her dildo, 
  getting ddosed as we speak , got suddenly 9000 ping , my internett is completely fine , and now my client wont even join the game anymore , just a black screen , this have happened alot, 
  omg all this s\u00d6 fun, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0mk7qz13bu 3:06 -3:10, 
  3:06 -3:10 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0mk7qz13bu, 
  3:06 -3:10 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0mk7qz13bu, 
  3:06 -3:10 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0mk7qz13bu, 
  3:06 -3:11 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0mk7qz13bu, 
  3:06 -3:11 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0mk7qz13bu, 
  i go , ie  boots  sheen  cd boots  gauntlet  mana reaper  lw  defence item / bork , depends, 
  i think gauntlet is really good choice because it gives good utility for team and good kiting abilitys if they go for you, 
  ah , yes i was suppose to change that but forgot !, 
  thanks alot !, 
  it is now fixed  thanks again !, 
  screw that bastard, 
  why do americans always have so much stickers crap on their car, 
  ah the title is wrong , suppose to say billy the puppet, 
  goth/red riding annie  ) ) ), 
  yes thanks man !, 
  hmm , i mean games like that in dogecoins , but i have played it and ive withdrawn too , just after 5 minutes without useing any of my coins : s, 
  kult !, 
  kult !, 
  you know mother theresa were a really bad person ... ? 
  its because a billion people are stupid as hell , just because they are many , doesnt make them smart , there are billions of people out there without education , that only have religion thought to you by some local dude to base their acts on, 
  she took money from poor who ca n't even feed themselves too build churches . 
  she baptized dead people . . 
  there are a lot of other things , if you just look it up, 
  she is clearly dumb too, 
  `` abortion is the worst evil , and the greatest enemy of peace ... because if a mother can kill her own child , what will prevent us from killing ourselves or one another ? 
  nothing . '', 
  i dont represent any faith , im just looking at what she did , if you or anyone else thinks what i just said is not bad or wrong , well . . that just reflects why there are so many crappy places here on earth, 
  i can confirm , i have been going up and down from plat 1 to plat 5 like 3 times , there are a lot of games i can go afk and still win , and there are games where i can get every objective help all lanes etc and stil loose hard , you can only impact the game by a tiny percent , and it 's mostly random, 
  repost from mildlyinteresting, 
  so , why are they attacking something good ? 
  because the moon only blocks a tiny bit of the sun , there is still a lot of sunlight hitting the horizon, 
  because the moon only blocks a tiny bit of the sun , there is still a lot of sunlight hitting the horizon, 
  that is acctually not bad , sightstone + most ap , maybe a rightous glory, 
  ive been playing bard for a bit now , and he is actually really good !, 
  he is actually really strong, 
  yes , many play him very wrong and he 's one of few who can kill your team by a 1 wrong ult, 
  its like that every tier , because its random who gets their main , and in higher tier , the team who gets the most mains will stomp the most , riot need teambuilder in ranked , only way to balance out games, 
  yes , it was way to much talk , but again i didnt say anything before they asked questions , i just answered , and that was a response to something toxic he said , i even tryed to calm the situation when they were toxic, 
  well , yea i know its sensitive , and thats good , i like that its more stricts , flaming and being toxic is really annoying , but here i have reported countless times people who have litterly said `` go hang yourself '' and `` get cancer '' etc and i have not gotten a single feedback , and then , im usally not much of a talker ingame , i usally just shrug it off and move on , gets insta banned for a game that ended up with a bit discussion, 
  it seems like people just report you as verbal abuse every time your play bad , because they know how easy it is to get banned that way , now that i think if it i 've gotten the `` reported for bad behavior '' text screen after games i gave not even said anything , building up big `` verbal abuse '' reports , and then 1 game with 2 words in caps and then bam !, 
  , something is way off here ... 
  i dont understand why people say `` stomp low elos '' do you know how fast your smurf gets to high elo if you are a high elo player ? 
  in about 5-6 games your already plat mmr ... 
  wow , congrats dude ! , i just came from lol too im plat 4 player , loving this hots alot !, 
  already lvl 30 and will try hl as soon as i get 10 champs :d, 
  do you think this will become competitive like league ? 
  do you think you can take it as serious as league ? 
  have you played any of the other games from blizzard before playing hots ? 
  what do you think of the heroes compared to lol ? 
  what do you think of the trait system instead of items ? 
  i think it 's good to have some insight from the pro players from other mobas, 
  there might be others sure , but being challenger is actually something special ... 
  i need :d, 
  i have not started ranked yet , but in league i am platinum , what i already see is that blizzard should make ranked bigger and more rewarding , i love this game , but the ranked system seems so little rewarding and noticeable, 
  there are a lot of people here saying `` who cares what you are in other games why should we ask you questions '' etc , well i think all of you have never played league or know what it is , league of legends is the biggest moba game and have very big competitive scene , it has millions of players , challenger is the highest ranking in league which only a few people are making them very relevant to ask questions , yes league is another game , but it 's still a moba and very many of the high ranked moba players get easy high ranking as soon they know the game , stop being such assholes, 
  there are a lot of people here saying `` who cares what you are in other games why should we ask you questions '' etc , well i think all of you have never played league or know what it is , league of legends is the biggest moba game and have very big competitive scene , it has millions of players , challenger is the highest ranking in league which only a few people are , making them very relevant to ask questions , yes league is another game , but it 's still a moba and many of the high ranked moba players get easy high ranking as soon they know the game , stop being such assholes, 
  very much this !, 
  with auto director !, 
  i loved putting a friends game on my tv and eat popcorn in my bed when i played league of legends, 
  malthael would be the most awesome champ ever, 
  i guess she get briefly untargetable when she dashes to the ghosts, 
  yea , 1 ban would be nice !, 
  havent i seen this in a movie ? 
  ye i was not thinking about promotion series , i wouldnt mind not having that, 
  im not talking about the matchmaking , so far i have not had any problems, 
  because it feels too casual , like you dont lose points for losing at 50-40 so all you have to do is just play alot , not have a high win ratio , and it also gives very little feedback , you dont feel like achieving anything , its just `` 23 '' here ya go you are rank 23 , what is 23 ? 
  23 best in the world ? 
  23 best in country ? 
  its no just me , i think if blizzard want to get into the big moba scene they have to make a better ranking , because alot will lose interest in the game when they start ranking and not feel like they are getting anywhere, 
  im just putting my 2 cents out for how i think the game will survive in the long run , ranking is how the game will always feel fun , when its too casual , most newcomers from other mobas will just play a few weeks and go back i think , if you dont feel that way , well then great for you , im just giving feedback as a 5 year league of legends player , and still is, 
  you are forgetting that lol is the biggest and most popular moba ever with an enormous playerbase , and thats the only game with good and informative ranking system , and as you said they still have adobe flash client , and still is the biggest ever ... their ranking system make you want to progress , people have played it for years and years , and its not about the `` fake shield '' obviously people are not interesting in shiny clients etc as you say yourself , im just afraid that this game will be a short term game for league and dota2 players that just want too have some cooling down time . 
  you are not reading what i am writing ... i have not said anything about how leagues client looks like , i dont care how it looks like , i care about the ranked system being worth to play . . and league has made a very good ranking system that makes most players stay and play , and not just some casual games and then moves on to some other game that is being released, 
  because you can see yourself progress alot better and it gives much more feedback to you , and shows where you stand , for instance im 43 atm , but i have no clue what that means , i dont feel that its worth to progress , i feel rather to just wait for some friends and play some games together , with league i feel the progression and its much more satisfying to climb solo . 
  yes i did take a look at hotslogs , and it looks interesting and informative , thanks for the source, 
  agree, 
  its like isis after one of their terrorists managed to kill a lot of people, 
  cool !, 
  awwww , thought it was a cool movie :(,
