  and the only `` massive '' impact it has is raping children . 
  and also how religions are formed , like pastafarianism etc, 
  the reason religion still exist is because they brainwash kids from the age of 2 . 
  it does n't matter if it 's rooted in christian teachings . 
  the things like not kill etc. 
  are just common sense !, 
  humanity have existed for a long time before religions and they still survived . 
  even had better lives then when religion came and gave us the dark ages . 
  religion have changed countries drastically for the worse when religion entered their lands . 
  hopefully reason and technology will crush this garbage way of thinking once and for all soon . 
  yea e is 2x e or something i cant remember . 
  so its ok to be corrupt now ? 
  then why not just give it to a mass murderer ? 
  it 's just a insignificant title ... 
  judeo christian values ? 
  wtf !, 
  it 's just the same crap !, 
  when your inner lizard try to escape, 
  i get that people need help , but europe ca n't take the whole burden . 
  a lot of the immigrants have insanely different culture then the west and i know people who work with the refugees that say they are racist as fuck and sexist ( like really sexist , not this feminist crap ) ) and other rich islamic countries that 's have a lot more in common with the refugees culture wo n't take in jack shit even though they are very rich countries . 
  the thing is if the leaders of europe just gives the finger to the citizens of europe and and make religious ghettos all over the place some real trouble will rise . 
  the leaders have to act before the people do . 
  i get that people need help , but europe ca n't take the whole burden . 
  a lot of the immigrants have insanely different culture then the west and i know people who work with the refugees that say they are racist as fuck and sexist ( like really sexist , not this feminist crap ) ) and other rich islamic countries that 's have a lot more in common with the refugees culture wo n't take in jack shit even though they are very rich countries . 
  the thing is if the leaders of europe just gives the finger to the citizens of europe and and make religious ghettos all over the place some real trouble will rise . 
  the leaders have to act before the people do . 
  is he going uphill or downhill ? 
  i get a harry potter vibe, 
  so less people then isis and saudi arabia lol, 
  i dont think this is sfw, 
  i fucking love ass, 
  lucille is thirsty , she 's a vampire bat with the awesome depressive music, 
  they dont have the vaccines cause autism policy, 
  its hard keeping track of everything :(, 
  love it !, 
  got room here in norway as well :d, 
  on moviedb it says 19 dec, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index the us is almost a flawed democracy, 
  same :d, 
  the fuck does that have to do with anything ? 
  hillary clinton is n't president elect . 
  i 've had enough of these trump apologists-so what if she was corrupt ? 
  that 's why she was n't elected . 
  he was and she is t an excuse . 
  you guys have 2,5 million defensive gun uses a year ? 
  jeez fix your society man what a mess, 
  oh man , ao2 would be so awesome, 
  so whos mother is this ? 
  flowers, 
  faen meg spot on xd, 
  yea a 4chan troll post is now making a ex-mi6 agent in uk go and hide . . 
  by this you mean to increase minimum wage without decreasing ceo pay . . then ofcourse prices of consumer goods have to increase . 
  but lower ceo pay higher worker pay ... makes total sense and that is also why you ca n't increase minimum wage to so much either, 
  damn , having a strong and united eu is more important then ever !, 
  i do agree that more should be invested in the military , but to be fair alot of the small countries are so small compared to russia that its doesnt really matter how much they spend . . unless they go nuclear ofcourse, 
  damn nice camo, 
  wierd reading the title without the r/diablo context, 
  women without vagina ? 
  the hell ? 
  ah , but that 's not a woman that 's a trans-woman , you ca n't be a woman without having the biological structure of a woman, 
  no , that 's science . 
  hey i 'm not against transsexuals or anything i 'm just saying no matter what political stand or whatever you are it 's important that definitions and science stay they same . 
  the right atm is changing definitions a lot now and it 's dangerous, 
  they should make the game free and add micro transaction for skins etc and in the long run make ao 2, 
  they could also start a kickstarter campaign like star citizens for ao 2, 
  keep up the good work funcom !, 
  love it !, 
  actually the roadmap says it will be finished around january 2018, 
  and it 's heavily restructured so it 's not even the `` same '' company, 
  looks so awesome :d, 
  wow !, 
  that it alot of effort just to troll !, 
  lol, 
  ^ this , i dont have so much time playing games so i love the high xp and gather servers . 
  i can get tier 2 walls etc in a reasonable time and have fun pvping and raiding without having 24 hours a day for gaming . 
  its also less irritating when people destroy my base, 
  yea , i think so aswell , makes it `` meh '' to join other servers aswell and start over again . 
  dont know what else they should do though, 
  it will get done , this is a real gaming company and not a random indie dev, 
  well they had 12 hours to try destroy the temple, 
  why you being so rude ? 
  i think avatars should be something so big and crazy that all players on the server shake their pants . 
  they should destroy everything in their path . 
  but i think how they work now is very weird . 
  they last for only 60 second and are `` easy '' to make . 
  they should be really hard to get !, 
  and should last a lot longer they should basically destroy the whole server . 
  make their spawning time like 10 minutes when they are being spawned and they should be spawned at the altar ( you have walls and around it ? 
  well the fucking god does n't care and has to wreck half your base to get out . 
  before you get the ability to make the god it should be made with items that you only can get from the deepest caves killings the hardest monsters . 
  when you have all the pieces the creation begins . 
  there will be a bug lightbeam to the sky signaling the whole server that the almighty god avatar is being made and a server wipe is closing in . 
  all clans band together to fight to for a last cause . 
  this avatar summoning should take 1 hour . 
  but the altar tier below should send a mild beam to the sky to warn player that a highest tier of god altar is soon to come, 
  i think also that when i god is active a sandstorm like weather should happen scaring the whole server . 
  if you are going to wipe the hard work of the players at least give a show to remember . 
  as it is now most on the server just sees some text and the players who are actually destroyed by the god is n't even online to see anything . 
  while the clan that summons it just get 1 minute of some laughter, 
  no , its alot with eating and drinking for yourself already .
