  it 's not fun to play like that, 
  damn , my whole place got raided to death because of flying pike people last night . 
  i put so much time into placing hardened walls and then someone just flyes over gg - . - think ill wait until this is patched, 
  really ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  that name last for 1 second when you log back in . . if you log in while grabbing a coffee or something you never know the name ... 
  i ca n't fathom why this should n't be a thing ... this make zero sense, 
  so if you do n't have a clan of 100 people with fucking advanced time schedule system 24/7 you ca n't do shit ? 
  i mean you can build a big base every day and every night you have no frickin idea who killed you . . 
  ive heard that the artifact temples are good, 
  really want a avatar balance , but to level back up from l 1 again is not the way to go . 
  to grind xp is no fun at all . 
  the game should be fun , not a boring job . 
  it has to be something else, 
  avatars is big part of the game everyone should be able to do it someday . 
  srsly it will make alot of people go away , grinding is not fun for most people . 
  its very time consuming already people have jobs and life . 
  avatars shouldnt be something only the most hardcore grinders should be able to do . 
  they should go a pvp bait route instead . 
  something that signals players that a clan is making avatar and then have a few hours on them to kick their ass before they get hold of a coin . 
  lvling up is only fun once when everything you unlock is new . 
  after months/years of playing lvling up will be reallly boring and insane turn off . 
  i have a very crappy laptop and i can run it . 
  i use the low end pc option though, 
  i like that idea !, 
  damn :( (, 
  yea im having tons of fun on private server . 
  i really love the game already . 
  im just saying that this might help with the positive reviews , 
  sounds good , atleast make it server option, 
  niiiiiiicccccccceeeeeeeeeeee, 
  this would be cool !, 
  makes each player more unique too, 
  nice !, 
  lol , i thought it was turkey then i read `` white house '', 
  there are some problems with placement , sometimes i ca n't place anything, 
  if you make clan stuff that we 're yours is transferred to the clan . 
  i have done it 10x times already having no problems, 
  i just got a taste of this . . damn, 
  i only play on server with high gains because the standard one is wwaaaaaayy to slow its an insane grind fest !, 
  i want decent gain so i can enjoy pvp once in my lifetime, 
  nice fight at the end :d, 
  yea i agree , had to take a break after everything i had got smashed while i was sleeping, 
  rust is still in alpha, 
  this was really good !, 
  i loooooove contact, 
  i like the atom/science part . 
  can someone pleaaassee tell me what this pixel meme is ?? 
  its everywhere :( ( ( ( ( damn it hurts to be left out on the meme trend : /, 
  ahhh, 
  ahhh thanks !, 
  he was a kgb agent in east germany, 
  failed title , it should be stockholm, 
  all of them post isis crap on their facebook years before the attack and are usually those who linger in extreme islamic groups . 
  it 's not really that hard . 
  but the ultra regressive crap let them go until they go for their 72 virgins, 
  this ^ they do spout their extreme crap for years before an attack, 
  the thing here is that you can take precautions from those other things . 
  dying of terrorism is more random . 
  also you will have to take in account that 's terror attacks are increasing with x rate . 
  if you take terrorist attacks in middle east from the beginning until now you will have a exponential increase so you might only have a few attacks in europe now , but in the future it can be on monthly basis, 
  they get on tv saying people should be beheaded for insulting the prophet etc. ... watch clips of choudry etc. 
  there are ton of these people . 
  the terrorist are always known by the police, 
  oh right you do n't research ... 
  all of the terrorist do show support to isis and other groups long before they attack . 
  all are well know by the police . 
  this sound really cool !, 
  i think the circles at the beginning should go a bit faster . 
  is it just me or is it a bit hard to hear where people are shooting from in this game ? 
  agree , you have insane advantage when you have the circle rng on your side at the end . 
  i think this only should apply to the last circles because i think its a bit slow at the start . 
  a match should be max 30ish mins, 
  damn that chick looks really good !, 
  pic 15 very nice everything !, 
  i wish all the best to the venezualian people !, 
  i usaltet have to get shot at 10 times before i can zero in on their position . 
  are you kidding me ?? 
  they are killing shitloads of people everyday ... 50 + killed in car bombs almost every day . 
  plus over 50 % of the muslim population supports sharia and a strict religious sharia law worldwide ... there are alot of muslim countries who has laws only last seen in nazi germany in europe . 
  chopping of heads of gay people . . hanging them from cranes ... why are people so blind ? 
  why are you so blind ? 
  do you care at all ? 
  i mean no wonder no one cares about climate change and flat earth is the new thing ... i guess most of the world are actually retarded, 
  they have had alot of years to integrate though . . there are not really much excuse . 
  they borrow themselves down in the mosques and dont care anyways ... not all , but alot . . way to many . . 
  hating isis = / not subscribe to extreme religious views, 
  dude ... just talk to these people man ... just go to your local muslim street and talk to these people . . you dont even need all the polls and research . 
  gay people are afraid to walk the streets at night now in heavily muslim areas ... 
  i know not all are insane . . but sometimes you just have to see the facts ... 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgm5xmz5fwy you should see some of his talks . 
  and his work is so very god damn important in these times . 
  he is a former islamic extremist who traveled around the world starting up terror groups . 
  who still are active today killing alot of people . 
  for `` short '', 
  you cant really camp much though . 
  the circles force movement, 
  i dont really think the game should be a sniper fight . 
  sniper gear should be very rare . 
  most should be cq fights,
