i know you 're being sarcastic , but northern ireland has a lot less immigrants than the republic , so even if this was true , it would n't make sense . 
  that 's because immigrant groups in other countries assimilate . 
  in the us , their great grandchildren are still considered irish . 
  no abortion in the south either . 
  yet it 's not brown, 
  those symbols look too swatsticka - like . 
  personally i like the current flag , it inspires a sort of pride . 
  it 's an official language of ireland but if it is as he says , we 've probably used irish as our only language , thus english will be gone when the uk leaves . 
  as an irish person , on behalf of the people of ireland , you are not irish . 
  you are american . 
  ( not trying to offend you ) if i move to germany and have kids , my kids will be german . 
  not irish . 
  i do n't think anybody outside of the us cares about `` heritage '' . 
  i do n't understand the need to cling to the identity of your ancestors . 
  people should identify with the culture they were raised in , which in your case , i assume , is american . 
  haha . 
  irish people hate when americans claim to be irish . 
  american : you 're british right ? 
  me : no , i 'm irish . 
  american : they 're the same thing though . 
  me : proceeds to spend an hour explaining the history of ireland . 
  in the uk it was mostly the old conservative people who voted to leave the eu . 
  most young people voted to stay . 
  i suppose . 
  but the people vote for the dup . 
  they are the largest party in the assembly . 
  although i assume many vote for them simply because the are unionist . 
  no way northern ireland is higher than the republic . 
  religion is everything up there . 
  first minister arlene foster said that gay people do n't even want to get married :  `` this suggestion that every single person who 's a homosexual wants to change the definition of marriage is actually wrong . '', 
   `` i know plenty of people in that community who do n't want to see marriage redefined and are quite content to live in partnership . '', 
   `` it 's all become a bit of a storm in a teacup . '', 
  they 're probably meant to stop speeding . 
  thats pretty confusing . 
  the logo is a big ` a ' but the name does n't even contain the letter a. 
  yeah i suppose i should have thought of this considering ice cream is uachtar reoite . 
  i never even considered the two words having anything in common . 
   the latin alphabet had previously been used from 1929 until 1940 . 
  prior to 1929 , the arabic script had been used . 
   `` in 1940 ... a law was adopted transferring the kazakh language from the latin alphabet to one based on russian script , '' interesting, 
  never admit when you made a mistake , that 's the good old british way . 
  wow . 
  i 'm from the south . 
  that would never happen here . 
  i 'm surprised that would happen in the north either . 
  was it a nationalist or unionist area ? 
  milk . 
  all milk outside ireland is horrible . 
  yeah i think in america people think of taxes as the government charging you to live in the country, 
  seems not . 
  no matter what , the republicans will be in power for the next 4 years, 
  the government needs to put more money into the western cities and attract employers . 
  and they need to build a cork-limerick motorway and finish the limerick-galway one . 
  people say that the government focuses too much resources on dublin and its completely true . 
  out of the 11 motorways in ireland , 10 of them lead to dublin . 
  ireland and chile are the only two countries in the world where fireworks are 100 % illegal . 
  the same reason why the irish 1916 rising was fought while the british army was fighting ww1 . 
  the same reason why sinn fein are calling for an ni border poll . 
  the same reason why brexit , trump , and the eu itself came into existence . 
  the same reason as to why every political move has ever been made . 
  if you want to accomplish something , do it while the other side is weak , and people have reason to support your cause , or else you may never get the chance to do it again . 
  that is the lie that americans tell themselves . 
  white americans are descendants of european immigrants who came to the us for a better quality of life , which is exactly what 2017 's immigrants are looking for . 
  just because they come from a different part of the world than the old immigrants came from , does n't mean they 're any different . 
   natives what country did your ( great ) grandparents live in ? 
  white people are n't native to the us . 
  americans need to realize this . 
  honestly , staying neutral in ww2 was a good move for ireland overall , although the nazis did accidentally drop a bomb in ireland , thinking it was britain . 
  we always had a bias for the allies though . 
  what i think is a disgrace is the treatment of irish people who joined the british army to fight the nazis when they returned after the war . 
  people shunned them and treated them like shit for joining the british army , not even realising that had the allies lost the war , the nazis would have likely invaded ireland , the even had secret plans to use us as a staging point for an invasion of britain . 
  the treatment of soldiers who fought in ww1 was even worse , since most irish people wanted independence at the time , and thus despised the british army . 
  there 's lots of jobs here in ireland . 
  we speak english and like americans . 
   i think it 's weird and waste of money . 
  nothing is a waste of money if you enjoy it . 
  considering the irish government does n't want to accept the money from apple , i do n't think we 'll ever see a cent of it . 
  and technically they 're not university fees . 
  they 're `` registration fees '' payed to the government to fund university education . 
  it 's $ 3000 per year for eu citizens . 
  non eu citizens pay fees of about $ 12000 . 
  a lot of people in ireland seem to think it 's okay to fill bags with rubbish , drive into the countryside and leave the rubbish at the side of the road . 
  they do n't even try to hide it . 
  i 've seen washing machines abandoned in ditches . 
  but in general most good people wo n't litter . 
  and we have have lots of volunteers who clean up rubbish . 
  i suppose thats probably where the cowboy greeting ` howdy ' came from . 
  probably like how english speaking countries do n't really use centilitres at all whereas the french use them all the time . 
  i think it 's more of a healthy eating thing . 
  the us government does n't really promote healthy eating very strongly . 
  free refills are illegal in france . 
  we have free refills in some restaurants in ireland too . 
  i heard they 're rare in continental europe though . 
  pretty much all western countries dress the same nowadays . 
  it 'd be more interesting if you asked this question to asian or african people . 
  weird . 
  here in ireland everyone wants to go to the us . 
  i honestly do n't think i know anybody who would rather a trip to europe than the usa . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm 17 and i 'm fairly good at irish .
