the eyes are what seperates them, 
  the problem with traditional dressing is that no country has just one . 
  i can think of 4 more for sweden, 
  this is what you wear if you 're from dalarna https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/e8/c6/9f/e8c69f4f63f2ff189ba46a3f02d55b41.jpg, 
  the entire skarsg\u00e5rd family, 
  this is the debate throughout europe . 
  how many have to die until these people realize it 's not about race ? 
  heard of several arrests relating to brussels recently . 
  makes you think how big this attack could have been, 
  chinese/japanese . 
  they photograph everything and everyone . 
  also have no problems clogging up narrow streets, 
  well most russians under 30 do n't even remember the soviet union, 
  norweigans ca n't sound angry danish ca n't sound sober, 
  probably because of all those dangerous * white * * cis * * men *, 
  as a swede its more : take in every muslim and dont critisize anything they do, 
  migrants will probably also be pretty specific . 
  like if you complain about ukrainians , it will be okay , but as soon as they reach brown-territory , then it 's not ok, 
  it 's not dead , but it 's been dying slowly the last 2 years . 
  there 's about 70 % clickbait , and 30 % actual user contributions . 
  i used to use it all the time to see what people were doing , but nobody uses it anymore , it 's just a way to share stupid animal-videos now . 
  i was already happy that i 've stopped using facebook . 
  this does n't make me less so, 
  `` oscarianska eran '' or `` the era of oscar ii '' basically refers to around 1870-1910 . 
  i know the solution : more immigrants !, 
  at least they 're honest about there being a problem, 
  well ukrainians are white , so they do n't count as refugees / s, 
  you had one job, 
  it 's not that they forget , it 's that they do n't look as good if they critizise immigrants , no matter what . 
  the biggest problem is if you react to them with violence it will only make more join their cause, 
  at least when you 're stressed you can get legally high :(, 
  modern left is weird, 
  well the ammount of beggars has risen incredibly . 
  theyre outside every store and beside every atm . 
  while ive seen little violence , i hear about it more and more . 
  also , there is less and less of a chance of being able to speak swedish in shops, 
  please dont be sweden please dont be sweden please dont be sweden god damn it, 
  its cuz you cant say its muslim . 
  they do all that they can to avoid saying who causes the issues, 
  i think a lot of the problems we have now are because nationalism is frowned upon . 
  nationalism gives people some backbone , and lets there be some real debate, 
  this isnt about the us, 
  it 's not even just the far left . 
  basically every party is for this insane policy, 
  a lot of our higher ups seem to be tools . 
  elections in 2018 are gon na be fun, 
  most leftists seems to hit themselves in the nuts when aiming for your face, 
  `` were not saying you cant post what you want , just that suddenly more people might visit you '', 
  theres a lot of problems in sweden at the moment , but nudity is not one of them . 
  i saw plenty of vag and dick watching childrens movies as a kid . 
  didnt bother me then and doesnt bother me now, 
  m-m-men facism !, 
  what ? 
  sweden : fjortisar . 
  basically refers to vapid airhead 14 year old girls . 
  it 's hard to have a stiffy and speak german at the same time, 
  do n't know . 
  europe is n't a country . 
  it 's ok . facebook will die soon enough, 
  isnt this the first thing you learn as a politician ? 
  dont compliment the nazis, 
  did n't know georgia had their own bollywood, 
  a norweigan is driving on the highway . 
  he sees a car on the side of the road and stops to check it out . 
  `` whats the matter ? '', 
  `` its my turn lights , they wont work . 
  can you go behind the car while i turn them on and tell me if they work ? 
  the norweigan goes behind the car . 
  `` allright im turning them on , do they work ? '', 
  `` they work !, 
  they dont !, 
  they work !, 
  they dont ! '', 
  not so offensive , but its my favorite norway joke, 
  should they ? 
  yes . 
  will they ? 
  probably yes . 
  from 1-5 id say : 1 christmas 2 midsummer 3 lucia 4 easter 5 valborg, 
  theyve never understood scandinavia . 
  im always annoyed when they try to speak swedish with that non-existent accent, 
  i always think english at first when i hear dutch . 
  then german . 
  then danish . 
  then english again, 
  youre also more christian than us . 
  my bet is that hes just doesnt like brown people and also happened to be insane, 
  hes swedish . 
  i really dont think christianity played a part, 
  danish germans ? 
  dang , with arguments like that , one wonders what you 're doing with us plebians here, 
  another proof of the uselessnes of the eu and nato . 
  they never interviene when its actually called for . 
  they didnt help hungary then and they dont help ukraine today, 
  yeah , why dont the eastern europeans have the same policies as the richest country in europe ? 
  cold and a suprising lack of red/yellow leaves . 
  while i understand why turkey supports them , because they hate the kurds , i still do n't get how they do n't realize that if they 're more succesfull , they 'll probably set their eyes on turkey at one point or another . 
  i do n't think isis cares about honoring agreements and allegiances, 
  sweden like finland , dislike norway . 
  finns are nice and drunk , norweigans ca n't sound mad and too rich for their own good,
