  and , best of all , 21 mins from work . 
  ( i am a fast walker ... - italians have told me that i have a paso militare . ), 
  please do n't editorialise titles . 
  you 're not selling it to me ... 
  the electorates of germany and the netherlands do not want a transfer union . 
  one bedroom flat near tate modern ... 
  they will get enraged . 
  watch and wait . 
  the ecb liquidity is collateralised . 
  permanent transfers will go down poorly . 
  it is really going to test people 's desire for the european project when they get told they have to transfer vast funds to different countries ... 
  the eurozone needs to integrate further . 
  the uk is not in the euro , so obviously does not need to be involved in this . 
  the uk is not stopping the eurozone integrate further . 
  the eurozone lacks the political will . 
  not really . 
  the usa functions as a democracy and transfers huge amounts of wealth around it and the people consent to it . 
  the eu does not function like this . 
  the different member states are happy to destroy greece . 
  the anglo-saxon economists are saying that you ca n't have monetary union without a transfer union . 
  no point listening to them . 
  nobody seems to want that . 
  ok - i live in central london and pay gbp 1450 a month on rent . 
  i do n't even want to think about how much i spend on other stuff . 
  london is expensive and i do fun things ... 
   this is n't a union of equals , it 's a street gang where the strongest members bully the weakest . 
  and , people are on this sub are happy to acknowledge that this is a street gang , but are always surprised that i am eusceptic . 
  the longer that this drama plays out , and the worse that greece gets bullied , the more likely a brexit becomes . 
  thanks . 
  i searched le figaro 's website and le monde 's website and did n't have much luck with them ... 
  what is interesting is that this story has dominated the uk news cycle over the last 24 hours , but i ca n't seem to find it being much reported at all in the french press . 
  i am really surprised that this issue of quotas is such a big deal for former warsaw pact / former ussr countries . 
  i just did not see this level of opposition coming in advance . 
  a referendum is a big deal ... 
   if everything else fails : blame germany  this is how the blame game is going to play out : - greece : blame germany - reurozone : blame greece - british euphiles : blame greece - british eusceptics : blame the eu - imf : blame both greece and the reurozone - extreme left people : blame the banks and the jews - extreme right people : blame the immigrants and the jews, 
  i will learn german in my next life . 
   if the default on the imf payment they automatically default on every loan they got since 2009 since they have all been `` british law '' loans . 
  they have been `` english law '' . 
  there is no system of british law for loans . 
  english law and scottish law for loans are two separate systems . 
   besides all the major parties support the referendum anyway ( because they would n't dare otherwise now ) they know that opposing a referendum is electorally unpopular . 
   almost every one of your responses just reasserts that what is important is that people get to exercise their democratic right . 
  but this blind deference to democracy is precisely what i 'm criticising . 
  this is not blind deference to democracy . 
  democracy is the least worst system . 
  a system in we deny the people a say in something they care about is worse than one in which we give them a say . 
   i do n't believe that we should just put every issue to a vote regardless of the possible consequences just so we can claim we are democratic . 
  we are not socially advanced enough to implement direct democracy . 
  we barely even have representative democracy as it is : the leaders we elect are often not supported by the majority . 
  we 're not giving people a vote on every issue , just one specific issue that people really care about . 
   the uk will not function better globally if it 's not affiliated with europe . 
  that is precisely why cameron wants to stay in the eu , because he knows this to be true . 
  this is something that different people have different opinions about . 
  some people think that the uk will function better globally outside the eu , some people do n't . 
  cameron 's opinion is one among others . 
   people do share a common identity , human . 
  granted that is pretty ideological , but we need ideology now , people are so disinterested , and politicians so weak . 
  we need to think big , not small , and isolating ourselves is a terrible idea at a time when the challenges facing us as a species require greater levels of cooperation than we have ever managed before . 
  i agree in a common humanity . 
  but it does not follow from this belief that the uk should be in the eu . 
  the uk is not isolating itself by leaving the eu . 
  the uk will remain a fully participating member of the global community . 
  jobs and language, 
  hahaha !, 
  and i am sure that you can count the number of french people that can speak scottish gaelic on the fingers of a man with no hands ... 
   that 's it for me . 
  i 've had it with this country . 
  politicans have no balls to stand up to eu and nobody can change my opinion now . 
  i think your leaders have shown some balls , but i agree they need to do a lot more . 
  i 'm very disappointed by my own country 's leaders lack of balls right now too . 
  here 's hoping !, 
  the french `` r '' is not too difficult for the english . 
  the spanish `` r '' and `` rr '' is tricky for most english people and perhaps scots can do it a lot better . 
  however , i remain to be convinced that other than the relatively minor question of the `` r '' , scots speak french any better than the english ... !, 
   apparently its a thing that the scottish speak better french than the english . 
  any citation/evidence on this ? 
   count on a scott to help us french get back at the brits ouch . 
  the scots are british !, 
  and the scots do n't speak french any better than the english do !, 
  also , we english know that you secretly love us very much ... 
   it is my belief that everyone should have an interest to learn all the language they can . 
  we all have limited time and resources so have to be selective with our language choices . 
  i `` do french '' and i also `` do italian and spanish '' but i `` do n't russian , german or greek '' . 
  i 'm sure that they are beautiful and interesting languages , but we must be pragmatic and realistic about our energies and abilities . 
  some people just do n't have the energy to focus on french . 
  from h&i you can walk easily to [ the marquess tavern ] ( http://www.themarquessn1.co.uk/ ) which is a great gastro-pub . 
  i 've not eaten there for a couple of years , but i hear good things about it still . 
  it also has a very `` local '' feel , which might be something that interests you . 
  also , keira knightley lives basically next door to it and sometimes goes there . 
  i do n't really know the non-indian asian places round there ( personally i much prefer indian to other asian ) but there are some good italian places and i recommend cafe la divina on upper street ( which has some really cool stuff hanging from the ceiling ) but i think la forchetta and la porchetta are also acceptable and also on upper street in case cafe la divina is full . 
  no , we love to complain about our weather . 
  we do this all the time ... 
   in one respect i think scotland should n't have had a referendum . 
  any focal point around which nationalist tendencies can coalesce is in my view a bad thing . 
  personally i would get rid of the nations of england , scotland , northern ireland , and wales , and call it all britain . 
  denying scotland the choice is deeply undemocratic . 
  the people that want to stamp out nationhood and identity are far far more harmful than the people that want to express nationhood and identity . 
   referendum is only ever used as a political tool ( in the uk ) . 
  it is usually held on complex controversial issues , opinions on which are usually polarised and formed through emotion and ignorance rather than evidence and reason . 
  referendums should be on political issues .
