  my firm has just sent a couple of partners over to nz and aus on a hiring mission . 
   law , i 'm more surprised - from friends in the industry it seems there are way to many law grads and not enough openings . 
  this was the case a year ago , i 'd say . 
  there is a current shortage of people with , say , 2-4 years of experience , particularly in london . 
  if you have the right skills , you are being called by headhunters most days . 
   that process would be so drawn out , or made to be so drawn out , that i do n't see how the eu could force any current to adopt the euro . 
  it 's more of a ` promise ' than a promise . 
  obviously , no country can be forced to join the euro as a matter of practice . 
  the question is whether or not scotland has a legal opt out ( like denmark and the uk ) or a legal requirement to join the euro in due course ( like poland , lithuania etc ) . 
   you 're saying the snp has said these things and not asked the eu . 
  i 'm saying that the scottish government has not asked the other member states . 
  it is the other member states who will need to accept scotland 's membership of the eu . 
  thus if scotland wants particular terms , then it should check with the other member states to see if they will accept scotland on that basis . 
  it is very surprising that the scottish government does not seem to have done this and assumes that every other member state will give scotland opt-outs . 
  ruk has absolutely no ability to control the other member states . 
   while that 's true , they 're literally not allowed to ask . 
  westminster reserves that right and is not seeking clarification on the grounds that they wo n't pre-negotiate . 
  fair enough but it is actually a fairly transparent cover for them to maintain uncertainty . 
  while scotland might not have legal standing in the eu to ask the eu questions , there is nothing to stop scotland asking these questions anyway . 
  then it is the eu who can decide whether or not to respond . 
   so , nothing substantial then . 
  do you know how econoomies work ? 
  what is insubstantial about these industries ? 
  these are key services for modern knowledge-based economies . 
  just because you do n't buy these services , does n't mean that other people do n't want to buy them . 
   what industry , out of . . er . . curiosity . 
  not thinking of jumping ship or anything ... law . 
  tourism . 
  i 'm sure there are others that i do n't know about . 
   according to population split , area , regional gdp , etc. 
  population split is the most likely arrangement . 
  romania stronk . 
   current feeling on the ground in the uk : boom time . 
  can confirm , especially in london . 
  i know several employers that are really struggling to find people to work for them . 
  in some industries employers have been forced to put up salaries to keep employees . 
   if scotland does leave they 'll likely be obligated to join the eurozone , either when rejoining the eu or as a negotiated condition for a continued membership . 
  the position of the scottish goverment is that they will be able to stay in the eu without having a legal obligation to join the euro . 
  ( it seems like they have not checked this with the other member states who would presumably need to agree to this . ), 
   it would have been , but there was really no public debate . 
  the research showing this was necessary was known for decades and the treaties clearly stated that it would n't be done . 
  so , it boggles the mind to wonder why the politicians went through with the monetary union and why almost no one in the population questioned it . 
  and it 's not only the politicians of the countries that got the short end of the stick that are to blame . 
  one also has to wonder why , say , german politicians told the germans that there would be no bailouts when they knew the inevitability of all this . 
  yes - this does all show that the currency union was the triumph of politics over economics . 
  in the uk , there were hours of intense debates in parliament about whether or not the uk should join the euro and as a consequence of those debates we did n't . 
  ( there was also a big debate in the newspapers and in the pubs etc. ), 
  i read that in portugal the parliamentary debate over whether to join the euro took place in less than an hour . 
  i dind this extraordinary . 
  i suppose it is very easy to look back at history and speak with the benefit of hindsight though . 
  the debate is n't about whether or not iscotland uses the pound . 
  the debate is about whether or not iscoland and ruk have a formal currency union . 
   free movement of capital produces more benefits for the people ( and to a lesser extent countries ) with the most capital . 
  if you do n't have a mechanism in place to distribute these benefits ( progressive taxation within a single country , fiscal transfers within a union of countries ) then either the union breaks or the people/countries with the least capital become subjugated to the people with the most capital . 
  agreed . 
  however , there is no proposal in the eurozone for the rich countries to distribute their taxes to the poor countries . 
  in fact , the treaties say the exact opposite . 
  i am surprised that the poor countries in the eurozone did not consider this when they decided to enter into a currency union though . 
  in my mind , this would have been a good thing to think about . 
   so has the uk . 
  both are in the same boat in this respect . 
  relative to the size of the economy as a whole , iscotland 's banks are much bigger than ruk 's banks . 
   i think salmond has a point : the currency union is in the best interest of both sides . 
  this is uncertain . 
  different economists have different views . 
  the reason for the currency union in the eurozone is because those nations are moving together . 
  in the case of england and scotland , those nations are moving apart . 
   scotland does n't need permission to just use the pound ... england is n't going to invade to confiscate all the pounds in circulation . 
  scotland does n't want to just use the pound . 
  they want a currency union with england , a bit like in the eurozone . 
  for a currency union to work , both parties need to agree to the union . 
  if the two parties do not agree , then there is no currency union . 
   scotland would be under no obligation to pay if it is to be cut off from the pound . 
  iscotland would likely be legally obliged to pay as the ruk government is likely to legislate for this . 
  that does n't mean that it will pay . 
  however , if it does not pay , it is likely to have difficulty accessing the financial markets going forwards . 
   the treasury has the legal responsibility for the debt . 
  the law governing the uk 's debt is english law . 
  there is nothing to stop the ruk government changing the law to divide the debt up pro rata between iscotland and ruk . 
   is n't it what is already happening anyway ? 
  currently the uk guarantees the liabilies of scottish banks . 
  if scotland keeps the pound without a currency union then the uk will not be guaranteeing the debts of scottish banks or the scottish nation . 
  so there will be a profound difference between what happens now and what happens in the future ,, 
  in what respects is open europe hypocritical ? 
  no , i do n't rely on sporadic charity , because i have a job and have insurance . 
  i do n't need sporadic charity . 
  it would n't make sense for me to ask money from people who were much poorer than me when i can afford to take care of myself . 
  your interests might not be represented by ukip being in the european parliament . 
  so therefore you do n't need to vote for them . 
  however , my interests are represented by ukip , which is why i do vote for them . 
  you might not like this process . 
  but in a democracy it is n't just your interests that get represented . 
  my interests also get represented . 
  no , us unemployment is much lower . 
  this is how democracies work . 
  political parties try to come up with policies in order to get votes . 
  you might not like it , but it is called democracy . 
  you 're right , the real aim of ukip is to change policy at westminster , not brussels . 
  however , in practical terms what a happens in european elections has a big impact in uk general elections . 
  for example , ukip also stand in local elections in the uk and obviously local government has no power in relation to the uk membership of the eu .
