  my city is not a `` people '' and has never had independece from england . 
  i do support the right of scotland to their referendum and will support them in whatever they choose to do . 
   would you give up the rebate when that became true ? 
  if so , why did n't you ever argue for that but just for an exit ? 
  if you exit there will be even less money going from the uk to poorer countries , so stop playing the saint . 
  outside the eu the uk will be better able to trade with the real poor in the world . 
  the uk is one of the few eu countries that actually gives 0.7 % of gdp in aid . 
    the uk has a lengthy and proud tradition of liberties  as if phrases like this have a place outside of the tabloids . 
  i 'm simply repeating what voltaire and montesquieu said . 
  do you consider those philopsophers to be tabloids ? 
   the idea that britain should pull out of an immensely important organ like the echr because of the prisoners votes issue is ludicrous , particularly when there is no concensus on the issue and you present no stance of your own . 
  there is a consensus on this issue . 
  the uk parliament voted overwhelmingly on this . 
  a tiny minority of mps voted against the government . 
   furthermore , the echr is going to pass legislation that conflicts with parliament . 
  i 'm not sure what you are talking about here , because the echr is not a legislative body so can not pass legislation . 
  i 'm starting to think you do not really understand the fundamentals here ? 
   the idea that you want people to believe you will take your ball and run home based on the voting issue alone is absurd and dismissable nonsense . 
  i 've not said it is this issue alone , have i ? 
  there are other reasons too . 
   withdrawing from the courts jurisdiction . 
  the uk would be under the jurisdiction of the uk courts . 
  do you think that the governments of canada , australia and new zealand are trying to evade accountability ? 
   i ` m not willing to go into a debate if you think hearsay should be allowed or not , but the court considers that it 's a violation of fair trial . 
  you may agree or disagree when you look into it further . 
  it 's really not my main point . 
  in my mind it is exactly the point . 
  here the uk courts thought it was a fair trial , but not the echr . 
  why are you so happy with judgments coming from the echr but not with judgments coming from the uk courts ? 
  if the uk courts were right in this case ( and in my view they were ) nobody 's `` rights '' were abused . 
   if you feel that your government is too limited and want it to have that kind of power without international review , then we can agree to disagree . 
  most people enjoy having their governments overlooked by an impartial international court with human rights at heart . 
  really ? 
  most countries in the world have their national courts being ultimate arbitres of human rights legislation . 
  i 'm happy for the uk to be one of those countries . 
   they do . 
  you even get a rebate , so you pay relatively less than other countries relative to your gdp . 
  and we also receive relatively less than other countries relative to gdp . 
   you ca n't let contributions reflect two things at once , that 's just setting it up for failure . 
  as i said , if benefits have to be the same as contributions everyone can pay for themselves and redistribution is impossible . 
  so you think the eu budgets have been failures for the last 25 years ? 
  of course contributions can and should reflect both who contributes but also who benefits . 
  that is obvious . 
   then stop hypocritical babble about wanting cooperation if you take that position . 
  this is not hypocritical . 
  both parties can benefit from cooperation . 
  the reason why i 'd want it is because my country is one of the parties . 
   the point is that you 're delusional to think you 'll have more control over your destiny that way . 
  no need for you to worry about us . 
  there is the whole world out there !, 
  lots of countries in the world do fine that are outside the eu . 
   based on which standard ? 
  you 're just saying `` less than it is now '' , you do n't have a specific goal you want to reach or principle that guides you . 
  actually i am not saying less than is now . 
   no , a transfer from the uk to the other net contributing countries who now make up for the refusal for the uk to contribute . 
  france pays the largest share of this . 
  also , given that the uk is a net contributor , you should n't say that the uk is refusing to contribute . 
   and no doubt there are plenty of uk policies you consider a huge mistake , but that 's not ground to call for a dissolution of the uk or an exist of your county . 
  i 'm not calling for a dissolution of the eu , simply for the uk to pull out of it . 
   go psychologize someone else . 
  i do n't follow ? 
   do n't weasel out , we 're talking about the benefits eu members get from the eu budget . 
  would you be satisfied when poorer eu members would receive the net benefits rather than france ? 
  would you give up the rebate then ? 
  frankly , pointing out that benefits should go to the real poor in the world is common sense , not weasling out of anything . 
  however , i would much prefer that the uk subsidises the relatively poorer in europe than the relatively wealthy in europe . 
  obviously , other rich countries in europe should not contribute a net smaller amount than the uk . 
   broad my point , that the uk should pull out of the echr and consider alternative legislation is extremely specific . 
   based in nationalistic logic where 's the nationalist logic ? 
   and not terribly substantiated . 
  it 's substantiated by my argument that the uk parliament , rather than the echr should decide about rights of prisoners . 
   see cases : saunders v. uk ; khan v. uk ; allan v. uk ; jasper v. uk ; edwards and lewis v. uk ; al-khawaja and tahery v. uk ; i did n't have time to read all of these , but have taken a quick look at one at random : al-khawaja and tahery v. uk . 
  i 'm not sure why you are using this to argume that this is the uk violating the rights of citizens ? 
  in my mind this is exactly the kind of reason why the uk should pull out of the echr . 
  hearsay evidence should be allowed in a court in execptional circumstances . 
  this was one of them . 
   however , it 's the only one that tries to evade accountability . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  in what respect is the uk the only government trying to evade accountability ? 
  thanks - not sure why you have posted this ? 
   that is just your opinion , i 'm afraid . 
  i 'm personally downvoting you because your opinion is so broad and banal as to be unconstructive . 
  my opinion is both specific and argued . 
  i 'm afraid you 're downvoting me because you do n't like it . 
   yeah , i know there 's quasi-review , that 's why i said proper review . 
  in my view , it 's not much of a review if it 's purely declarative without the actual power to strike down legislation . 
  of course , it 's your right to be satisfied with this and believe informal mechanisms are sufficient but i was just saying that most states which you used as examples of why the uk out of the echr would be ok disagree with such a view and have thus enacted additional safeguards the uk does n't have , meaning they are not really good examples . 
  the whole of the uk 's unwritten body of constitutional law is based on the effective working of informal measures . 
  formally the queen has to approve all legislation but informally she has no right not to approve it . 
  as a constitutional system , i admit that the uk 's system is pretty much unique . 
  but informal measures in the uk work surprisingly well . 
  australia and canada both have written consitutions - thus their framework for rights legislation is specifically judiciable . 
  the uk , without a constitution , has to approach rights in a different way . 
  i 'm not sure how well you know the uk , but it is a pretty liberal place . 
  i 'm really not worried about rights here . 
   better for individuals because it gives them an additional means of protecting their rights . 
  i 'm not sure why the echr system would be better for individuals than the british bill of rights . 
  also , rights , as a concept , tend not to be absolute . 
  your right not to see me wear a veil conflicts with my right to wear one . 
  your right to privacy conflicts with my right to free expression .
