  i wonder if there is other ( perhaps more reliable ) data anywhere ? 
  unfortunately [ the information on their website about their methodology ] ( http://scenaripolitici.com/2013/01/sp-faq-storia-info-metodologia-futuro.html ) ( e.g. 
  internet poll or telephone poll etc ) is very brief and somewhat unprofessional . 
  so if is difficult to know how robust their data is . 
  i think in general it is worth taking growing italian anti-euro sentiment seriously , especially after the surprising results of the last italian elections , predicted by few people . 
  italians i know in london are very bleak about italy 's future . 
  we 'll better understand what italians are thinking after the european elections i suppose . 
  italy is still practically the most pro-eu nation in the whole of europe though . 
  you 're welcome to come . 
  britain needs motivated talented individuals . 
  things are complex however . 
  what is the consequence for your own country if all the best workers move abroad ? 
  does britain have the infrastructure to cope with a high number of new migrants ? 
  what is the impact on wages/unemployment generally in the uk ? 
  what is the impact on cultural cohesion in the uk ? 
  but essentially i am very supportive of individuals that want to better themselves by moving to the uk and i am proud that the uk can provide so many opportunities for others . 
  the treaty of rome was not widely publicised and very few people had read it . 
  the [ material produced by the british government ] ( http://www.harvard-digital.co.uk/euro/pamphlet.htm ) said that the aims were `` to bring together the peoples of europe '' . 
  it did n't say `` ever closer union '' . 
  you 're right and i 'm not expressing myself as clearly as i might . 
  there was a clear commitment . 
  but the meaning/consequence of that commitment was not ( and is not ) completely clear . 
  the recitals of the treaty of rome , when read together read like a series of rather vague ( but well-meaning ) platitudes . 
  incidentally , the common law attitude to recitals has differed greatly from the civil law attitude . 
  common lawyers tend not to give recitals interpretative effect . 
  common lawyers also tend ( in contractual documentation or statutes etc ) to restrict recitals to pure facts . 
  civil lawyers use recitals to set out things like the intentions of the parties or the intentions of legislators . 
  in any case , the uk electorate who voted to stay in the eec were not expressing a commitment to a federal europe . 
  most people voting in that referendum had not read the treaty of rome . 
  in the days before the internet , it was n't as easy to read treaties as it is now . 
  in the short term it would obviously be extremely painful . 
  in the long term it would likely help the italian economy . 
  there was n't a clear commitment to ` ever closer union ' . 
  that provision was one line in a recital to a treaty , without really having a clear legal effect . 
  most people who voted were not even aware of that term in that recital or what it might mean . 
  looking at the questions asked , they do seem to be fair , though they do n't seem to have published further on their methodology . 
  the interesting thing is n't just the result of the poll , but the direction of travel . 
  anti-euro sentiment changed significantly between april and december of 2013 . 
  edit - i 'm aware that italian opinion polls are notoriously unreliable ... 
  a european foreign policy is very tricky because european nations do not always have the same interests and sometimes they even have conflicting interests . 
  to the extent that european nations interests are aligned , of course it makes sense to join policy up and i would support that . 
  but this also makes sense with other non-eu nations too . 
  i do n't think that it really makes sense for the eu to have a different foreign policy from the global community of democratic nations generally . 
  in practice , the uk and france are the only eu nations with significant militaries , nuclear power and they are permanent members of the un security council . 
  i 'm not sure if either uk or france will ever want to give this up this status . 
  the uk and france have for several years had a [ defence and security alliance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defence_and_security_co-operation_treaty ) and this has worked well for both countries . 
  however , i do n't think either uk or france have much appetite or belief that other european nations are on quite the same page as us . 
  for example , during the war on libya , the fact that [ germany abstained in the un security council ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2011/mar/18/libya-germany-un-security-council ) lead to germany being heavily criticised in both france and the uk and a feeling that germany 's relationship with russia was as important to it as its relationship to france and the uk . 
  in practice , the only co-ordinated european foreign policy that the uk and france would support is one that they could control . 
  and the uk and france do n't always agree ... 
  how people vote in european elections is different from how they vote in national elections . 
  in the british european elections , ukip might likely win . 
  nobody things they will win in the national elections . 
  many thanks for the response . 
  personally , i wonder if portugal has been somewhat screwed over by the euro and the ongoing difficult situation . 
  but portuguese people i know ( in london ) tend not to blame the eu for current woes . 
  i 'm impressed that you have read moore 's utopia . 
  ok - music does unite us . 
  for this reason i am happy for the uk to stay in the eurovision song contest . 
  but we still need out of the eu . 
  the bond holders in spanish bank debt included mainly german and french banks . 
  if the spanish banks had defaulted on that debt , the entire euro system would have been in jeopardy . 
  this is the main reason why the euro zone is now setting up a banking union . 
  i agree with you that spain should not have bailed out its banks . 
  however , inside the eu , this was not an option for spain . 
  you 're right that in the british sense of self , the idea of being an island and separate from the continent is hugely important . 
  britain 's idea of itself is that it is still somehow a maritime nation : britannia rules the waves !, 
  but rather paradoxically , britain rather hates the idea of being isolationist and britain also knows that in order to prosper we need to trade . 
  that is why britain has pushed strongly the common market . 
  britain 's experience of the second world war was profoundly different from that of france and germany . 
  for us it is the proudest moment of our recent history . 
  some historians argue that britain 's motive for the eu is that britain lost the empire and needed a different market and a different project . 
  perhaps for a while we did . 
  what about portugal ? 
  ( remember that the anglo-portuguese alliance is the oldest diplomatic alliance in the world . ), 
  i have always thought the portuguese have a complex relationship with the eu . 
  geography has something to do with it , but history is far more important . 
  most other eu member states have a more obvious historical reason for wanting the eu ( e.g. 
  escape russia 's sphere of influence in the case of e. europe , guarantee democracy in the case of portugal , spain , greece ; forget the second world war in the case of france and germany ) . 
  the uk struggles with a historical motive for the eu . 
  in the case of the uk , what is the eu really for ? 
  the eu has agreed free trade agreements with many countries all over the world and is currently agreeing many others . 
  i am sure it would manage to agree one with the uk . 
  i 'm happy for the uk to have to comply with eu rules in relation to exports to the eu ( just as i am happy for the uk to have to comply with , for example , japanese rules when it exports to japan ) . 
  you , sir , are a man after my own heart !, 
  spain has a deficit . 
  the amount it raises in taxes is less than it spends and it therefore needs to raise money by borrowing from private investors . 
  it also needs to borrow money to pay its existing debts . 
  spain , along with most other nations , borrows money from private investors all the time , by is issuing sovereign bonds . 
  i do n't oppose the eu : i 'm happy for those nations that want it to be in it . 
  i would like the uk to leave it though . 
  this is mainly because i do n't like the way britain is losing sovereignty and handing power to brussels . 
  i would be comfortable with the eu being a loose trading agreement . 
  i do n't like ever closer union or the idea of the uk being part of a federal europe . 
  how so ? 
  if spain were not able to borrow money from private investors it would not be able to pay wages of civil servants . 
  if it does n't like private investors , it should n't borrow money from them . 
  northern europe is already contributing cohesion funds to southern / eastern europe . 
  further cohesion funds via the backdoor would be politically difficult right now . 
  i 'm not convinced that the taxpayer in northern europe wants more aid money to go to southern / eastern europe .
