  it 's been fine in the states . 
  thanks . 
  i guess i was just confused because the op seemed to be arguing that history was like biology in relation to how it should be taught . 
  personally i do n't think that they can be compared . 
  no - they 're cool with it . 
  the political agreement for the referendum was fairly easy . 
  we 'll see how the vote goes and i think it would be great if scotland got independence . . 
  the difference between uk and scotland compared to spain and cataluna is massive . 
  the rest of britain has shale gas anyway , making oil less of an issue . 
  the real difficulty will be things like currency / nuclear , but both those things can be negotiated . 
  yeah - the rest of britain is kind of relaxed about scotland having independence . 
  many of my english friends are very supportive of scottish independence and think it will be a big shame if scotland votes no . 
  situation in spain seems very different . 
  i was more pointing out the inaccuracies in the post i responded to . 
  i agree that just avoiding a double dip is neither here nor there . 
  the growth in the last six months is very very significant though . 
  unemployment has fallen dramatically and for the tens of thousands of people back working , that will have a big impact . 
  also , tax receipts are up considerably and this means that austerity will last less long . 
  it also means that we are getting closer to the time that quantitative easing ends and also interest rates will go up , all impacting savers , borrowers and homeowners . 
  the change to employment figures means that salaries will start to go up as some people start finding it hard to hire . 
  ( this is already happening in some sectors , but will be felt more if the trend continues . ), 
  i guess we will get high street shopping before christmas figures soon and that will be indicative of consumer sentiment . 
  elizabeth is also not really a symbol of the united kingdom , ironically . 
  the union of the crowns predates the political union between england and scotland and she has always been queen of them both separately . 
  for these reasons , scottish nationalism has never really been republican . 
  the financial transactions tax might not happen . 
  only a minority of member states signed up to it and a majority do not plan to implements it . 
  britain and luxembourg are fighting it in the courts . 
  hopefully now fixed . 
  history is not supposed to be a science , it is a humanity . 
  there are a range of different viewpoints and different historical theories about why and how things happened . 
  with the passage of time , our views on the past change . 
  history can also be political and if only one viewpoint is allowed to drown out other view points then that can be dangerous . 
  that 's why i think governments should not try and exercise too much control over a history syllabus and individual schools and teachers should be free to present arguments in different ways . 
  it would be very boring ( and slightly orwellian ) if all students were taught history in the same way . 
  actually - they also show there was n't even a double dip recession . 
  see this link . 
  rather than putting energies into denouncing cuts to his theatre , he should put his energies into making his theatre better so that is can survive without being subsidised by the french tax payer . 
  you probably do n't work in finance then . 
  since the financial crisis there has been across the eu dramatic changes to the capital requirements regulation , credit rating agencies regulation , market abuse regulation , prospectus directive , markets in financial instruments directive , transparency directive and many many others . 
  in the uk our system of financial regulation is very different . 
  we have two entirely new regulators and a whole heap of new regulation . 
  britain did not have a double dip recession . 
  the latest office of national statistics figures show that there was only one recession . 
  britain 's population and germany 's population are not growing at similar rates . 
  britain 's is growing significantly faster . 
  economic growth is strongest in the south east , but it is n't just housing . 
  employment is up significantly . 
  all sectors of the economy , services , manufacturing and construction are growing . 
  in almost every sector there are non-native english speakers doing very well in britain . 
  the city in particular has a gigantic amount of people working in senior positions who do n't have english as a first language . 
  the only sector where you really need to be native english is law . 
  and do you know what ? 
  we attract highly trained immigrants from aus , nz , canada , singapore , south africa etc to do that . 
  believe me , the pool of people that can work to a high level in english is much higher that the pool of people that can work to a high level in french or german . 
  hopefully nobody will ever subject qe2 to such humiliation . 
  haha !, 
  they do have serious amounts of oil , gas and mineral wealth and are gradually reducing corruption . 
  african countries are increasingly being able to raise finance on the international markets . 
  presumably you do n't think britain counts as the continent ? 
  in the 1930s , a typical weather forecast might be `` fog in the channel - continent cut off '' . 
  britain 's economy is not that much smaller than france 's , and growing at a faster rate . 
  what makes you think that there is zero chance that britain 's economy will overtake france 's ? 
  we thought it was because you loved british weather , british food and british people . 
  banking is very regulated in the uk and across the eu . 
  there have been colossal changes to the way banking is regulated in the last five years . 
  i live in london , and have seen many new jobs created here . 
  i 'm not saying that it is easy for someone to live in london and work on a low wage , but that at least a million people do this . 
  perhaps you might think it would be irrational for a british person to work in the staff restaurant of my office : preparing food , serving it , cleaning and do forth . 
  the wages are not terribly high but the positions are full time and lots of overtime is possible . 
  but if it is rational for poles and portuguese people to move across europe for this kind of work and make a living that way , it is kind of a shame that no british people choose to apply , presumably preferring benefits instead . 
  believe me : we advertise within britain and would generally prefer to hire a british person ( as good english skills are a slight asset ) . 
  there is no shame in honest work , i have worked on the minimum wage myself . 
  your third point is kind of irrelevant . 
  gbp does not need to be among the most traded currencies for london to be successful . 
  pretty much all currency trading is done in london because of other factors ( geographical position / legal system / concentration of professional services ) . 
  currency has nothing really to do with this . 
  britain has never objected to capital raising taking place within britain in relation to other currencies . 
  it shows that london is linked to the rest of the uk and european economy and not isolated from it . 
  so if london grows , it helps others who are not in london too , as their job opportunities , that include london , are improved . 
  this also reduces unemployment in other regions as more people get the benefit of the london job market . 
  for some jobs , for example , my office canteen , we do not receive a single applicant from a british national , so obviously we would have to give this job to a non-british national . 
  the fact that so many people can find work in britian coming from overseas with ease ( i know many people who have found jobs within days or a couple of weeks of arriving in britian ) inevitably makes me think that there are some british people who would rather be on benefits than take a low paid job , and that is both a shame and an embarrassment . 
  given that britain is in a european jobs market , britain needs to address this problem . 
  yes - but germany seems to be able to do most of those things better than us . 
  britain can still do well at things like creative industries ( music , computer games , which are classed as services but are a kind of manufacturing ) and high-end design and also things like pharmaceuticals . 
  but i think it would be a mistake for britain to try and out-germany germany . 
  we will never succeed !, 
  these things are growing outside london too . 
  for example , my london based law firm outsources some services to the north east . 
  also , a strong london helps the rest of the uk by paying a hugely disproportionate amount of taxes . 
  also , london is not this place with a wall around it . 
  anyone in the rest of the uk , or indeed rest of europe , is able easily to move to london and work there . 
  yes - but quite obviously the things that you export are different from the things you import . 
  there is no reason why britain ca n't continue to export services and import manufactured goods . 
  this was intentional . 
  it was an inevitable consequence of free movement of labour . 
  people moving to where they would be paid more . 
  thanks for the response . 
  the way you describe the situation makes it seem very bleak .
