  it might be that greece decides to default on its obligations to european institutions , but not on its obligations to the imf ( and this would arguably make the most sense ) . 
  this would allow a potential future restructuing and bail-out just between greece and the imf in the future . 
  this would actually be a far more typical imf rescue which the imf has done well in the past : a default and devaluation style bail-out . 
  it would be similar to the icelandic defaults : note that the bond markets are back happy to lend to iceland again . 
   their main functioning industry is tourism , which will likely suffer in the event of an exit from the eu . 
  i agree they do n't have any good industries at the moment apart from tourism . 
  however , a devalued currency would make it easier for them to develop those things as their unit labour costs would become incredibly competitive . 
  i think tourism is the easiest thing for them to develop . 
   maybe russia would provide some support but that would come with a hefty price as well and would further alienate them from the west . 
  there has been discussion in the uk over what to do in the event of a grexit . 
  several commentators have argued that the uk and the usa should offer greece an initial loan on better terms than russia can , in order to ensure that greece stays within the west 's sphere of influence . 
  i think that would be a very good idea and i would certainly support the uk government doing that . 
   the second it 's even announced , 100 % of all foreign investment in greece will evaporate and the value of greek stocks and bonds will plummet to near-zero . 
  greek stocks and bonds have already tanked as has fdi into greece . 
  markets are already pricing in the risk of grexit . 
  that of itself does not mean that a grexit would cause hyper-inflation : it all depends on how effective greece is at setting up a new currency and the monetary policy it puts in place . 
  i agree it is not legally possible to for greece to leave the euro unilaterally . 
  however , greece , if it does it , may do it illegally . 
  this does not , of itself , force greece out of the eu . 
   the ecb 's lawyers ' legal opinion is that you ca n't leave the eurozone without leaving the eu , others probably have other opinions but i have n't seen them argued to the same detail as ecb 's argument . 
  [ i just read the paper by phoebus athanassiou , that i assume you are referring to . 
  ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/pdf/scplps/ecblwp10.pdf ) on this , i would note the following : - this is not a formal opinion from the ecb , but the reflections of an individual - it is not really a strong opinion but rather a discussion and the author acknowledges the many uncertainties in the current legal framework - the main conclusion of the author is that the current exit clause ( article 50 ) is flawed and should be re-written to expressly include negotiated withdrawal from emu - the current treaties do not envisage unilateral withdrawl from emu . 
  on this basis i do n't think a strong argument can be made for saying that it is not possible for greece to leave the euro without also leaving the eu and this certainly is n't what the ecb paper is arguing . 
  ultimately , the legal position is uncertain . 
  as i mentioned in my earlier post , the politics will be more important than the legalities in any event . 
   do n't know about the uk goverment , but i guess that this conflict it 's also handy for diverting attention . 
  gibraltar rarely registers in britain 's political consciousness . 
  the falkands is much more symbolic to us given that we went to war over it . 
  if spain were to invade gibraltar , we 'd suddenly get more interested i guess !, 
   because it was deemed legally impossible by the european commission . 
  any link to this ? 
   they ca n't go on like this forever . 
  unusual constitutional arrangements do n't seem to be time-limited ... 
   maybe there will be a proper debate after the four presidents report on the future of the emu that is due in june . 
  any views on what this is likely to contain ? 
  i 'm a bit surprised that / r/europe has not been debating the contents of this . 
   i 'd say it 's unlikely . 
  why do you think it is unlikely ? 
  the legal position is far from clear and there is no consensus of views as there is no legal mechanism for leaving the euro . 
  ultimately it will come down to political factors rather than legal factors and i do n't think that the political factors would point to greece leaving the eu even in the event of leaving the euro . 
   well it would be amusing to exchange 10 euros for 1 trillion drachmas . 
  what makes you think that greece would end up in hyper-inflation ? 
  i agree that the current government do n't seem terribly competent and that there will be an initial period of financial instability . 
  however , i expect that the new currency would stabilise in due course . 
   one of their biggest industries is tourism , which benefits more from being in the eu than not , as it makes it easier and more convenient for europeans to visit greece when they do n't have to go through border controls , apply for visas or exchange currencies . 
  it is likely that greece could exit the euro and stay in the eu , which means there would not be significant problems with border controls and visas . 
  in any case , even if greece were to leave the eu , it is up to greece to decide whether or not to impose visas or onerous border controls on tourists from europe . 
  the benefit of a significantly lower exchange rate outweighs the convenience factor of a common currency when it comes to tourism . 
  many thanks , very interesting . 
  the extent to which the greeks get a deal or do n't get a deal will impact spanish and portuguese politics . 
  if greece were to have got a significant debt write-down , that would massively boost podemos . 
  if syriza folds completely and continues with austerity , then it game over for any spanish or portuguese insurgents i think . 
  the ecb 's authority was not circumscribed in 2008 , it has always been extremely limited . 
  the council can not put pressure on the ecb : it is expressly forbidden by treaty ( s [ ee article 130 of tfeu which sets this out clearly ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/pdf/?uri=celex:12012e/txt&amp;from=en ) ), 
  yes , i agree it is better to vote on it . 
  however , in a sense , leaving the eu or staying in the eu does not of itself solve anything . 
  in the event that the uk stays in the eu , the eu still needs to make some radical reform and particularly the eurozone does . 
  i do n't think the uk will ever join the euro . 
  so there would always be contentious issues ... also , even if the uk leaves the eu , the uk and the eu will still have some kind of relationship and that relationship will never be an easy one !, 
  in short , for brits , the european question will always be there . 
  it always has been there . 
  it will never be fully answered . 
  actually , denmark and sweden are notably two other eu countries with strong eusceptic movements , who have decided not to join the euro and i think this is partly because of their history and also their trust in the scandinavian social model . 
  finland also has eusceptics ( though not as many as sweden or denmark ) . 
  in a way it is an accident of history that iceland and norway stayed out of the eu but sweden , finland and denmark joined . 
  one of the reasons why the uk feels even more agrieved now than the scandies is because the uk feels more global than they do . 
  the uk has more of a history of connections around the globe : in this way the eu feels very parochial . 
  edit  i agree that 20th-century history has probably shaped the ideas about european integration for many . 
  but if we accept this to be the reason , it 's a matter of very recent history , and not a case of exceptionalism going back for centuries , as some people seem to suggest . 
  all european countries are ` exceptional ' in comparison to one another . 
  i think that 20th century history is the key element , but i think the previous few hundred years of european history are relevant too . 
  the uk 's foreign policy during a lot of the 19th century was of `` splendid isolation '' and its primary goal in this period ( and also previously ) was to maintain the balance of power in europe . 
  this mentality is still very strong in many brits . 
  the attachment to the common law rather than the civil law and the uk 's unusual constitutional arrangements in which parliament is sovereign are also two very strong factors which make brits somewhat exceptional . 
  these things are obviously centuries old . 
  i agree that other european countries also are exceptional in comparison to each other in many respects . 
  but i think 20th century history made them lose confidence in their national exceptions and institutions in a way that did not happen in the uk . 
   there are also suspicions that ukip might be funded by russia no , there is no suspicion about this . 
  this would cause a gigantic political scandal in the uk . 
   absolutely . 
  head to a bar in germany and you will very quickly feel right at home . 
  drinking culture in germany and the uk is similar . 
  it is totally different in southern europe . 
   if countries like france or spain can do it , so can the uk . 
  and if you ca n't / wo n't , it has nothing to do with history or culture . 
  i think it does have a lot to do with history to be honest and particularly 20th century european history . 
  most european nations have a defining rationale , rooted in recent history , which goes some way to explain wanting to be part of the eu , for example : - germany , italy , austria ( break with uncomfortable past ) - france , belgium , netherlands ( fall during ww2 ) - spain , greece , portugal ( recent memory of military government , dictator and lack of democracy , civil war ) - ireland ( demonstration to the world of being separate from the uk ) - warsaw pact countries and former ww2 ( escape from russia 's sphere of influence ) etc etc the uk does not really have a rationale in the same way as this . 
  the uk 's experience of ww2 lead the uk to trust uk institutions more than overseas institutions , and the uk still has a great deal of trust in certain uk institutions compared the european ones . 
  the uk does not think of the eu as a safe-guard for democracy , or something to protect the uk from russia . 
  the original historical motive for the uk 's entry into the then common market is generally considered to be the uk , having lost an empire , wanting to find new trade partners or a repositioned place in the world . 
  personally i do n't really think this reason pertains . 
  very good and comprehensive list , though i think you missed out `` attracts lots of anger , resentment , butt-hurt and downvotes on / r/europe '' which seems to be the most notable feature of an oppositional voice ... 
   but that is n't what i was speaking to . 
  i was more-so referencing the central economic pedagogy of european monetary policy through the ecb . 
  the uk is not part of the eurozone , so not directly interested in or impacted by the ecb 's monetary policy . 
  it also is not really possible for nations , e.g. 
  uk and france , to change the direction of the ecb . 
  the ecb 's mandate is limited by the terms of the treaties and it has already gone to the very limit of its mandate in terms of accommodative monetary policy . 
  if you want to change the ecb 's mandate , this must be done by treaty change . 
   because it 's an empty topic that 's never going to happen peddled to generate sales or garner or deflect attention to or from certain issues .
