  do n't worry about it . 
   after all , what would be the point of parties announcing their preferred candidate prior to the election if no attention were paid to this afterwards ? 
  it is n't the case that no attention is paid , i agree that this should be taken into account . 
  but other things should also be taken into account too , such as the low turn-out , the fact that most of the electorate had not heard of the juncker and also the fact that the eusceptic vote dramatically increased . 
   why would countries ( including britain ) agree a treaty change providing for the european council to take account of the election results when considering who to nominate , if they did n't mean it ? 
  they did mean it . 
  cameron is taking account of the election results . 
   well i think the european council should have some involvement in the process , but that the spitzenkandidat of the largest party should be nominated if they have absolutely no discretion in who they nominate , then i can not see any point in giving them a formal role . 
   at the end of the day the parliament has the last word by treaty and the council , although they have the treaty right to propose the candidates for election by parliament , need to understand that 's the political reality . 
  the parliament should get its way when all is said and done . 
  i 'm not sure why the `` last word '' is any more definitive than the `` first word '' . 
  to me it looks like there is institutional equality here . 
   i 'm sure that labour meps would have voted for him ( as much as the labour party do n't like schulz they like junker and verhofstadt less ) . 
  given that the labour party did not endorse schulz as candidate for the s&d group , it would be somewhat contradictory for them to vote for him as commission president . 
   either way , the debates were certainly newsworthy . 
  we 're part of the eu and those people were campaigning for the top job . 
  whether or not we stay in the eu is of an order of magnitude more important than which of juncker or schulz gets commission president . 
  that 's why the clegg/farage debate was shown on the beeb . 
  the us presidential debates have limited relevance to uk voters , but uk voters were still interested in the debates . 
  what the public are interested in is a factor in the bbc 's scheduling . 
   and where is the line to halt ever increasing balkanisation ? 
  i 'm sure it would be neat for my city to declare independence if i could convince them that without the eu there to look angry about it we can become a tax haven and fuck over neighbours . 
  the line is the concept under international law of a people 's having a right to self-determination . 
  i do n't know what your city is , but i expect that they would not fall within the definition of a people under international law . 
  public opinion is not the only thing . 
   it does n't make any damn sense and a lack of public interest is not an argument . 
  if there 's a low turnout for the referendum yet the majority votes pro-breakup do you come in and say `` nope was n't legitimate enough '' !, 
  personally i think that public interest and voter turnout are both hugely important issues . 
   when you have no parties in the large eu political groups , you ca n't really cry when you 're left out of the decision making . 
  i 'm really not crying about being left out of the decision making . 
   i sure as hell heard of em , as parties in romania stated who they 'll support way before the election you may have heard of them , [ though the majority of your countrymen and women had n't heard of them ] ( http://www.aecr.eu/media/aecramr-european-election-poll.pdf ) . 
   is n't the uk a 1707 's idea . 
  totally outdated ... if that 's what we 're going to go by ... as mentioned , i support the referendum on scottish independence . 
  i 'm not arguing that scotland and england have to stay together at all costs . 
  i am saying that it depends what the people of scotland want . 
   these kinds of things do n't happen and end on the go . 
  it 's silly to even think of them like that . 
  borders change regularly . 
  human history is never finished . 
  the idea that the no country should ever leave the eu strikes me as a surprising one . 
  when looking at human history as a whole , the idea that the peoples of europe will want to become a single nation strikes me as wildly optimistic . 
   what with those left on the other side of a border ? 
  deport ? 
  give `` special rights '' ? 
  let them cry about their faith as a minority until it dies out ? 
  also what with the practicalities of it all ? 
  borders can be subject to change and there need not be terrible difficulties . 
  in my own life-time i have seen significant changes to borders , e.g. 
  merging of e and w germany , break up of ussr , czechoslovakia , hong kong reverting to china etc. 
  there are practical questions , but we should not be afraid of them . 
  for example , if scotland becomes independent , the arrangement is likely to be that there will be free movement both sides of the border , the option for all scots to continue with uk citizenship and so forth , the option for scots living in the uk to vote in uk general elections and so forth , just like ireland . 
  similarly , if uk leaves the eu i think sensible arrangements can easily be made . 
   there were reasons for creating the eu remember . 
  the pre-existing of a `` european demos '' was never one of em . 
  and are those reasons still relevant in today 's world ? 
  is n't the eu a 1950s style solution to a 1930s style problem ? 
   one could say the same about the uk , belgium , spain you 're right , that demos can be a bit of a struggle in these countries . 
  that 's why i am glad that scotland has a referendum on independence and hope that in time catalonia has one too and perhaps also flanders eventually . 
   to be fair i would n't even mind too much if this happened . 
  the face of cameron & co would be fucking hilarious and guy is n't all that bad . 
  i would also pay good money to see the face of cameron if the council nominated verhofstad . 
   i 'm not really sure if i believe you but i imagine a ton of the other eurosceptics once more grabbing the arguments the pro-juncker people are currently using on how it 's all very undemocratic and the eu should thus decrease its influence , etc. 
  personally , this has never really been one of my arguments , though in relation to eu democracy i do tend to agree with those people who state that there is n't a european demos in any meaningful sense . 
  sorry , by `` voter '' i was meaning someone entitled to vote rather than someone who actually did vote . 
   why ? 
  plenty of countries have rules stating that someone choses and appoints the pm , when in fact that choice is made for them during the elections ( the uk , for example ) . 
  in the uk the convention for choosing pm developed gradually over 100s of years . 
  in the eu , where there is already a finely balanced distribution of powers between the member states and the eu itself , i do n't believe that powers should be taken from the member states other than by express provision . 
  given that the member states expressly ratified the text of the treaty of the eu ( and in some cases this ratification involved a referendum ) i think we should stick to its letter . 
   so your opinion would n't shift 180 \u00b0 if a qualified majority of said council-members decided to nominate a candidate that was even more pro-federalist ? 
  you as a brit did n't vote for and likely do n't know most of em but they have a ton of democratic legitimacy right ? 
  there is n't really anyone more federalist than juncker , is there ?!, 
  how is that even possible ?!, 
  no , my opinion would n't change . 
   in this case , however , cameron is heavily supporting the current system in place against one that has the potential to become properly democratic . 
  yes , the 2014 election was flawed , it was our first try at this ever . 
  but supporting cameron means supporting completely intransparent backroom deals in the eu forever . 
  not just now , forever . 
  i 'm really not a supporter of cameron , i voted ukip and will likely continue voting ukip . 
  i would prefer the uk to leave the eu . 
  however , given the choice of a federal eu , the status quo or a cameron-style reformed eu , my preference would be ( i ) cameron-style , ( ii ) status quo , and ( iii ) lastly federal eu . 
   `` the parliament elects the commission '' is n't clear enough ? 
  as you know , article 17 ( 7 ) of the treaty of the eu gives power to the council to propose the president of the commission to the parliament . 
  if you do n't want the council to have that power , the treaty should be changed . 
   what would you change in the process of getting information to the people , when the way of using mass media ( tv debates , articles in every big newspaper etc. ), 
  does fail this ? 
  when people deliberately do n't want to be informed you ca n't shift the blame to those who try to inform them . 
  if you do all these things and still the people are not interested , it tells you something is fundamentally wrong with the eu itself . 
  it tells you that the eu institutions are too remote from the eu citizen . 
  i do n't think we should blame the citizen for this . 
  my solution ( in the case of my own country ) would be to leave the eu and give back power to westminster as the uk electorate are interested in who is in westminster . 
   sooooo the council has even less of this seemingly important democratic legitimacy ? 
  no , most members of the council were elected in national elections in which most of the electorate participated and most knew who they were voting for . 
  this gives the council more legitimacy . 
   that means more than half of the people who voted knew who he was . 
  not bad !, 
  and yet , they voted for le pen instead ...  if you want to have a chance to vote on such things , start by pushing for more democracy in eu . 
  the type of eu i would like is very different from the one that most of the rest of the eu wants . 
  for this reason i will vote to leave the eu ... 
   of course they are at fault when they do n't gather information in such an important process .
