   no single market and no tarrifs means consumers still pay more in the end i do n't agree with this . 
  the uk does not need to add complexity or costs to supply chains for imports . 
  i agree that the eu might add complexity and costs . 
   i 've seen cost estimates ( by uk import/export people ) of +5 % to +10 % simply from the uk no longer being in the single market . 
  no tariffs , just increased paperwork . 
  i agree in the case of uk exports to the eu , tariffs and paperwork could increase and are not really within the uk 's control . 
  the nature of these depends on the renegotiation and policies implemented by the eu going forwards . 
  but in relation to uk imports from the eu ( which is what i was quoting ) the extent to which the uk has to pay more or engage in more paperwork is very much within the uk 's own control . 
  i personally will be voting for political parties committed to get rid of tariffs that we impose . 
   in the interests of balance , i 've also had a uk poster stating that he 's exported and imported loads of stuff outside the single market and it only took a few hours ' work . 
  a lot depends on the nature of the product and the destination . 
  as a lawyer working in financial services , my exports and imports are legal advice and are mainly sent via e-mail or telephone . 
  there is no real or coherent single market in legal services within the eu so i do n't particularly notice the difference . 
  even when we are outside the eu , we will still want eu countries to grow economically because that will help uk growth . 
   we should at this point not allow the us to divide us though i seriously do n't understand why the us would make public statements like this . 
  i prefer the uk approach of pretending to support the eu but believing that there is no need to try and divide the eu because it will end up dividing itself without us needing to do anything . 
   i.e. 
  the uk will still import from the eu but pay more why would the uk pay more for its imports ? 
  is the eu planning on putting tariffs on its own exports ? 
   another economic downturn for the uk what do you mean by `` another '' ? 
  which was the previous one you are referring to ? 
   in addition , it 's not straightforward that the uk gets to keep all the trade treaties with third countries either , since those are eu treaties . 
  most of these we wo n't keep , however , we will be able to replace them with equivalent treaties . 
  of current eu ftas , some of these some are with micro-nations and do n't much matter , some of the large ones which do matter ( korea , canada ) the uk government has already had assurances from the other parties that we can put in place a replacement arrangement on equivalent terms for the immediate period after leaving , with a view to renegotiating further in due course . 
   so it may well result in 100 % of exports being impacted , or at least plagued by uncertainty for years . 
  i do n't think so , because a lot of uk exports are already on wto terms . 
  so i think the 100 % figure is exaggerated . 
  this date is not fixed and is still just a rumour . 
  the house of commons process seems like it is going to be a quick one ( judging by the current debates ) but the house of lords is a bit harder to predict . 
  i reckon the queen will give her royal assent very quickly though !, 
  ok , this is kind of scary now . 
  however , do you remember that time that spain also pretended they had a dominant navy ? 
  and in the end they just sailed all the way around the uk , just sort of showing off and talking tough , without actually invading ? 
  maybe that will also happen with belgium and australia . 
   maybe that 's how the old uk people feel , i 've heard many young people wanted uk to stay in the eu the debate has moved on since the referendum . 
  the debate is now what kind of exit , not whether or not we exit . 
  it 's over . 
  my view is that this is a temporary schulz bounce , but will disappear soon . 
  angela has this sorted out . 
  i also think that in the privacy of the polling station , some undecided germans will think that schulz is a risk and go for angela . 
  i think the polls are understating the c * u right now . 
   they 'll have to put up with trump as much as us ( relatively speaking ) belgium has a dominant navy ? 
  i 'm not saying you do n't , just that this is news to me . 
  ummmm username checks out ?!, 
  seriously , that thing looked so weird , like maybe a yeti or a yak . 
  uk is very european , but british people simply no longer agree that a european state makes sense . 
  ok , i am still not completely convinced that these things actually exist . 
  i 'd say about same possibility as the loch ness monster actually existing . 
   i think most on the left will just simply stay home . 
  i agree that staying at home represents a big risk right now . 
   i wish people around here knew those exist !, 
  this happens to me most times i go overseas . 
  i lived in italy for a couple of years and just could not find kettles there . 
  how can people live without kettles ?!, 
  i just do n't get it . 
  ok , this looks nice , but it is not practical at all . 
  a bit like my irish grandmother . 
   and if that gives immense power to unregulated media , then it 's a shame , a free press is a good thing in a liberal democracy . 
   uk policy is now hostage to public perception in negotiations the opinions of voters are important in a liberal democracy . 
   in fact , i think that problem should be solved first behind closed doors instead of holding a yard sale to foreign interests . 
  i agree that lack of integration is a problem for some eu countries , which do have barriers . 
  ( note that the uk was the most integrated country here and effectively had very few barriers at all to trade with the rest of the eu . ), 
  by trying to ignore foreign interests , you can harm your own interests . 
  a belgian borrower does not want european funds , it wants cheap funds . 
  if a japanese investor is prepared to offer lower cost of capital than an italian investor , but you do n't create an additional regulatory burden for the japanese investor , you just make the belgian borrower ( and the people it employs ) suffer . 
  again , a belgian investor does not want to invest in europe , it wants to invest anywhere in the world , depending on its attitude to risk and reward . 
  if you disincentivise investment in the rest of the world , you put that belgian investor at a disadvantage compared to a japanese investor . 
  crucially , if the eu ends up putting too many barriers to the rest of the world , at the same time that the uk reduces barriers ( which i hope it does ) then that is going to make the eu ask itself some difficult questions . 
   well , delusions of grandeur are not so much a hobby as they are pathological - good luck with 1 % and dwindling of the global population . 
  thanks very much . 
  people with pathologies ( and i agree i have many ! ), 
  have ended up changing the course of human history frequently . 
  the people that won the eu referendum here was all extremely pathological . 
  do n't underestimate pathology . 
  i also think that you probably want global trade standards liberalised too ( we have an alignment of interests ) so the uk is going to be doing this for both of us . 
   it 's the non-tariff barriers that matter , and there is no other multinational organization that has reduced those as much as the eu . 
  personally i have never seen any convincing evidence that this has lead to increased economic growth or increased employment . 
  the eu aims to reduce non-tariff barriers within the eu ( which i agree , can have some benefits , depending on the nature of regulation that is implemented ) , but seems unable to do with without putting in place new non-tariff barriers with the rest of the world . 
  an area that i follow very closely is what the eu is are currently doing on capital markets union . 
  the concept of making financial securities tradeable much more easily within the eu makes complete sense and i fully support it . 
  unfortunately , the eu not only breaks down barriers between eu countries in terms of capital markets , but seems to be at the same time making it harder for eu based investors to access financial securities from outside the eu and also making it harder for eu based borrowers to access investors based outside the eu . 
  thus on the one hand they are making the cost of capital cheaper , but on the other hand making it more expensive . 
  this is obviously insane as finance is becoming more and more global and also the country which represents about 50 % of the eu 's capital markets just voted to leave the eu . 
  my hope is that eu policy makers in charge of capital markets union now refine their thinking and focus just as much on making the eu open to the rest of the world in this area . 
  unfortunately the eu is institutionally incapable of moving quickly and changing direction . 
   they 're hard to resolve without pooling political resources , and that 's one of the reasons why wto trade standards have n't been evolving very much . 
  uk is going to start trying to liberalise global standards . 
  uk needs to find a new hobby now that complaining about the eu is no longer going to be our hobby . 
   you 're still creating a barrier for uk businesses that export to the eu , that was n't there before . 
  yes , there will be a new barrier , depending on the views of the eu . 
  but we can reduce other barriers . 
   so they 'll have the worst of both worlds : the effort for compliance and the paperwork to prove it on a case by case basis afterwards . 
  anyone with a global business already has to comply with multiple standards . 
  this is part of being a global business . 
  the cost of regulation compliance is a very complex topic , but there is a cost not just in varied regulation , but also in any regulation . 
  the eu loves huge quantities of regulation . 
  if the uk puts in place less regulation , some costs will go down . 
   being able to assume they comply , unless the contrary is proven , avoids the paperwork to prove that they do . 
  it removes a barrier to trade . 
  for the purpose of uk imports , the uk could ( and in my view should ) put in place an extremely open regime related to imports from anywhere in the world .
