  switzerland , singapore , new zealand all seem to do fine and do n't seem to be being exploited by powerful neighbours . 
  if uk leaves the eu i am sure that our powerful neighbour the reu will not be the kind of neighbour that tries to exploit us for its own agenda . 
  i took a look at a wikipedia page that discusses id cards in europe and it seems that there are a variety of different laws here , some states e.g uk , have no requirement for id even for activities like voting in elections , some states , eg belgium , seem to have optional id cards , others e.g. 
  germany , have a requirement to have id not a requirement to carry it , some e.g. 
  spain have a requirement to carry id cards at all times . 
  i think the situation in italy is that foreigners are required to carry id at all times , but not italians , though as you say there is a common misconception that everyone is required to carry one . 
  from a civil liberties perspective this is obviously a sliding scale , though there is a fundamental cultural difference between those states that require their citizens to possess id ( and have the power to fine citizens who breach this requirement ) and those that do n't ( typically common law jurisdictions ) . 
  obviously there is also quite a difference between the requirement to simply possess id and the requirement to carry it at all times , the latter in my view being somewhat orwellian . 
  the fact that there is a common misconception in much of europe that you are required to carry id comes from the fact that in the past there were legal requirements to carry id . 
  the continued existence of this misconception does indicate a cultural difference ( whether or not , in practice , police powers are largely similar ) . 
  it is normal for the head of state to have sovereign immunity . 
  in many european constitutional monarchies ( denmark , netherlands , sweden , uk , belgium , norway ) the monarch is the head of state . 
  these northern european constitutional monarchies are among the wealthiest , fairest , most progressive liberal societies on earth . 
  of course , you might not like living in a monarchy . 
  in which case you are free to vote for a republican political party . 
  or , you 're free to move to live in a different country . 
  he should be prosecuted if he has committed any crime . 
  if he has not tired any crime , obviously he should not be in prison . 
  if you are aware of a crime , you should call the police . 
  in the uk , the idea of identity cards is seen as an invasion of civil liberties . 
  there is no requirement to have id with you as you go about your business in the uk . 
  lots of people ( me for instance ) do n't have a drivers licence and therefore my only id is my passport ( which i only have with me when i travel internationally ) . 
  i have got through my life fine without id . 
  i lived for many years in italy , where it is a legal obligation to carry id with you . 
  ( i obviously did not carry my passport with me everywhere ) . 
  my italian friends could not get their head around the fact that in the uk we have no id . 
  one friend once said to me : `` but what if the police stop you '' ? 
  my response was that the police should never need to stop me ( and if they ever did need to stop me for any reason , they can simply ask me my identity ) . 
  but if the police did stop me without good reason i would complain to the police complaints commission . 
  in common law jurisdictions , we see the requirement to `` carry papers '' as being illustrative of police states ... of course , continental europeans are quite happy with them . 
  this is just one of the many many reasons why the common law and its accompanying culture does not fit very well with much of europe . 
  sovereign immunity is a widespread rule in international law . 
  in almost all constitutional monarchies ( including the uk ) the monarch is immune from prosecution . 
  in many republics , the head of state is also immune in most respects from prosecution . 
  the uk is entirely normal in this regard . 
  i 'll leave it to / u/ichbinsisyphos to confirm whether or not s/he intended to draw a parallel between hitler and blair . 
  if you 're aware that a crime has been committed , you should call the police . 
  but it would be worth specifying exactly which crime has been committed . 
  the uk establishment does not make laws , parliament does . 
  and , as mentioned earlier , if you do n't like the laws they make you regularly have the opportunity to vote for alternative politicians or stand for parliament yourself . 
  you 'll have to enlighten me . 
  there is n't a ruling class in the uk . 
  everyone is equal in the eyes of the law . 
  of course , if you do n't like our government and would prefer different laws , you are free to vote for a different government next elections . 
  laws are written primarily by civil servants , though obviously they are enacted by the legislature . 
  lobbying is not a crime in the uk . 
  bribery is a crime , and if you are aware of any i suggest you call the police . 
  i agree , high levels of national debt might be what the article is getting at ( though the uk has in the last couple of years made efforts to control that problem ) . 
  or perhaps it could be the relatively low levels of productivity in the uk . 
  in many countries the government has the power to start a war . 
  the uk is normal in this regard . 
  to how extent that the uk military committed war crimes , they obviously should be tried and prosecuted . 
  though tony blair should not be prosecuted for this as he was not the one that committed war crimes . 
  obviously , in order for the rule of law to prevail , people should be tried and prosecuted to objective notions of law , rather than subjective notions of justice . 
  in the uk , the government has the power to start wars . 
  tony blair has not to my knowledge committed any murder , torture or theft . 
  tony blair does n't write the law in the uk . 
  parliament creates laws . 
  not been found guilty of any crime ? 
  uk respects the rule of law ? 
  most of us are though . 
   no , i 'm not trying to start a uk bashing , i 'd really like to know because in germany a lot of the jobs that came after the hartz reforms were lower paying jobs , which looked good in statistics but did not that much for domestic demand because people barely earned more than what they got when they were on the dole . 
  agreed , a low paid job is better for most people than no job . 
  i expect that these new jobs are in a whole mix of sectors . 
  certainly in the area in which i work ( law / financial services ) there are a lot of new well-paid jobs . 
   a decade ago germany was the poor man of europe . 
  fortunes turn sooner than one thinks . 
  too true . 
  though in germany 's case , being poor man of europe was linked to a specific historic one-off event : reunification . 
  i do n't see germany 's fortunes changing again without another major event . 
   only the ecb needs to be willing - to be allowed to , like any normal central bank . 
  for the ecb to be allowed to , treaty change is required , no ? 
  i 'm not sure if that treaty change will get past governments in stronger sovereigns . 
  sweden 's obligation to join the euro is in name only though . 
  `` eventually '' can be an awfully long time . 
  also , sweden is able to ensure that they never meet the conditions for joining by ensuring that their central bank is not fully independent . 
  the key point is that a majority of swedes are against joining . 
  denmark 's currency peg to the euro is an ideal solution to them . 
  the peg can be broken relatively easily if need be and in the meantime they have certain exchange rates . 
  again , a majority of danes are against joining and i do n't see a referendum on joining the euro getting past the danish people . 
  the uk is in a bit of a different position from sweden and denmark . 
  firstly , the strength of popular and political opinion against the euro is much more intense . 
  even labour party politicians now publicly say that we wo n't ever join the euro . 
  also , the size of the uk economy and especially the size of the financial services sector mean that a half-way house of being in the eu but not inside the eurozone will be harder to fudge . 
  if uk does leave the eu , then the response of other nations like denmark , sweden , norway and switzerland will depend partly on the deal that uk and reu negotiate . 
   even an competitive export-based economy will run into problems when nobody is able to buy their products germany 's export market does n't depend on the pigs though . 
  germany exports huge amounts to growing economies like china , russia , usa , uk etc. 
  i am happy for any individual / private business in britain to fly the eu flag if it wants to . 
  i am not comfortable with public bodies flying it . 
  germany does n't need eurobonds though . 
  having debt at 81 per cent of gdp is not a problem for germany as they can borrow money very cheaply . 
  eurobonds will increase germany 's debt rather than decrease it . 
   regarding the ftas turkey would ink , zeybekci argued , `` the eu has launched talks with japan on an fta , which we expect to last at least four years in the slow-paced structure of the 28-member union . 
  we will start official talks with japan as of june 1 and hopefully finalize the talks before the eu does and sign the japan-turkey fta . '', 
  this is what the uk should be doing . 
  the question is whether uk would have a better deal not being in the eu at all . 
  sikorski is right . 
  the real eu is the eurozone . 
  this is why the uk , which wo n't join the eurozone , will eventually fall out of the eu . 
   eurobonds will happen , but it takes time .
