  what kind of disclosure can be avoided in the eu ? 
  it surprises me somewhat that japan has not granted equivalence to the eu , but this might be because the eu has not granted equivalence to japan ? 
   for instance the flash crash in 2010 ( us ) was largely because of computerized sell offs . 
  the dow jones lost roughly 1000 points , its largest single day drop after a mutual fund sold a large volume of s&p futures . 
  in 2013 the associated press ' twitter account was hacked , and a tweet about the white house being attacked caused another , similarly sized , massive sell off by hft traders . 
  without htf , there might also have been large sell-offs though , perhaps slightly slower ? 
  and sell-offs of themselves are not really harmful : sell-offs are an inherent risk for all markets . 
  also , without htf , there would be reduced liquidity and this would have a pricing impact . 
   its a good first step , but i think extending this to all press releases for publicly traded companies would be beneficial . 
  that way there would be no doubt that any trader got information before others . 
  why should a company have to release a press release that is n't inside information via a regulator ? 
  a press release that is n't inside information is by definition not going to impact an investment decision . 
  when i wrote `` this same thing will also happen to all debt '' , i could just as well have written this same thing will also happen to all capital raising . 
  the reason why i wrote `` debt '' was because i was juxtaposing sovereign debt with other debt . 
  the price of capital raising is impacted by the ability of that capital to be traded in the secondary markets ( wether that capital is debt securities , equity or bank loans ) . 
  by adding a cost to trading that capital , investors will pass on that cost to issuers in the primary capital raising . 
  which is exactly why france and italy want their own soverign debt excluded . 
   the possible ( again , this is all theoretical ) affect on the uk is that the uk might be required to enforce the tax on the e.g. 
  belgian traders ; collecting it and giving it to the belgian authorities . 
  this was one of the things the uk government was challenging in its futile case . 
  this is crucial though . 
  the us government wo n't be requiired to enforce the tax , whereas the uk government will . 
  therefore trades will all be structured to take place in the us rather than the uk . 
  this will damage the uk , which benefits from being a place where trading takes place . 
  the concern expressed in that article is exclusively about the sovereign bonds market , not general capital raising : `` officials in charge of managing french and italian public debt have warned that europe 's ` tobin tax ' on financial trades risks damaging the sovereign bond market '' . 
  why do you think it will damage the sovereign bond market ? 
  because it will decrease liquidity in sovereign debt , making sovereign debt more expensive . 
  this same thing will also happen to all debt ,, 
   the eu ftt is not levied on capital-raising transactions . 
  but it is going to impact the price of capital raising though . 
  [ which is why france and italy both want to exclude sovereign debt from the scope of the tax ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/9913227/french-and-italian-debt-chiefs-warn-on-eu-tobin-tax.html ) . 
   now add hft or short selling , or any other trick to get rich off the stock market . 
  who benefits there ? 
  only the person gaming the system . 
  any meaningful contribution to the economy or standard of living that was generated is now shared with this new party that is merely leeching off the backs of the others that had actually added value themselves . 
  but nobody is disadvantaged by hft though . 
  the hft trader benefits and the bakery benefits , but nobody is hurt . 
  the fact that the hft trader is another market participant lowers the price of the investment ( and the cost of capital ) , benefiting the bakery . 
  if hft was actually harmful , should n't it just be made illegal , rather than simply taxing all trading including low frequency trading ? 
  has it been made illegal in any countries ? 
   london is very protective of its financial industry . 
  this is not a new thing . 
  most international lending , even by regional us banks , is done out of a london subsidiary . 
  securities laws are also more lax in the eu than other major markets like the us or japan . 
  all countries with industries are protective of those industries ... :-) in many respects uk and eu securities laws are more extensive than in the us or elsewhere . 
   there are ways to curb destructive hft besides a ftt . 
  in what way is hft destructive ? 
   for instance if all press releases for publicly traded companies were released through a regulator , it would mitigate much of the advantages companies see from things like server colocation that might allow them to get information a fraction of a second faster than other market players . 
  this is already pretty much the case in the uk . 
  all inside information must be disclosed initially by a service licenced by the regulator . 
   you might have better grounds for the opinion since you live there , but this tax seems like it might be rocket fuel for ukip if it is implemented . 
  it is still early days and there is still a lot of detail to be discussed about this tax . 
  but if it ends out harming the uk disproportionately , then the city are going to turn against the eu . 
  it will be spun as an attack by the eu on the uk . 
   yeah , i addressed that further down the comment chain given that it is not world-wide , but its impact will likely apply across the entire eu , those eu counties with significant financial centres ( i.e. 
  uk ) will be disproportionately impacted . 
   hft it is devoid of any economic sense and is leeching of/distorting the real productive market economy . 
  it really is n't . 
  both borrowers and lenders like it as it increases liquidity . 
   if you disagree with that , fine . 
  by all mean do it on your own country 's economy . 
  but stop whining because some other countries wo n't let you play with theirs . 
  those other countries are trying to impose the tax on trades that take place in london . 
  if they were only taxing what is happening in their own countries , that would be fine . 
   the system is meant to be about investment . 
  investment benefits both those who supply funds and those who receive them . 
  but those people that want investment , but do n't want those investments to be subject to hft ( and i am not aware of any such people ) already have this option . 
  they can borrow loans which limit the ability of those loans to be transferred . 
  or they can issue securities subject to a lock-up period . 
  those people that do n't care about hft , and those people that prefer hft because it means they can get a better price for their borrowings , should not be subject to restrictions . 
   some trading facilitates that . 
  high-frequency trading and all similar schemes that involve gaming the markets instead have a third party getting rich off the backs off those trying to make honest investments , while contributing nothing themselves . 
  all trading and investment is fundamentally the same , it is about trying to make a profit . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  do you have to hold your investment for 10 years before you are honest ? 
  or two months ? 
  or two days ? 
  or two hours ? 
  or two seconds ? 
  all investors can sell at any moment : if they could n't , they would demand a higher price for the additional risk . 
  there is nothing fundamentally different about high frequency trading and low frequency trading other than timing . 
  also , hft traders are contributing liquidity . 
  this is something that most borrowers want . 
   not really . 
  if your business model involves making wise investments and holding on to them ( which i 'd really what the stick market is supposed to be in the first place ) , then the tax is trivially small . 
  if your business model involves making lots of tiny trades in an effort to game the system and skim off the top , then this tax will hit you hard . 
  why is making lots of tiny trades gaming the system ? 
  the system is meant to be about trading . 
  that 's the entire concept of the capital markets : a liquid secondary market so that finance can be raised more cheaply . 
  stock markets were never meant to be just buy-and-hold systems . 
  they were always meant to be trading systems . 
  being able to sell investments is inherent to the entire concept of capital markets . 
   the new proposal , which the uk government wasted money trying to block in the courts ( it was a futile challenge , the court was rather dismissive of it ) would only affect the 11 eu countries that want the new ftt . 
  not the uk . 
  no , it will affect trades that take place in london . 
  this will mean that trades will be structured to avoid london altogether . 
  this could negative impact the uk 's financial services industry . 
  also , the uk is likely to begin a separate challenge . 
  there is no connection between hft and insider trading . 
  these are entirely separate concepts .
