  ukip are not alone in wanting to leave the eu . 
  the leave campaign will include people from labour and the conservatives , business and trade unions . 
  it will be a wide campaign . 
   if your aspirations are to be buffeted between the whims of growing colossuses while pointing desperately to alliances of increasingly meagre value to them then that 's your delusion . 
  not really . 
  the uk remains a significant power and a significant economy . 
   happily , all major political parties that are n't run by fascists ( and yes , i say this knowing you vote for ukip ) ukip are not fascists . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not fascist . 
  none of the main political parties want to join the euro or schengen . 
  the conservative party do not support closer integration with europe . 
  they do not support `` ever closer union '' , and want to remove this for the uk . 
   under your guidance we 'd be a bit-part player in a world of giants with more giants coming hot on their heels , none of them with any obligation to respect or act in our interests . 
  not really . 
  the uk has strong diplomatic , military and trading alliances across the world . 
   was that not obvious ? 
  no , it is not obvious that you think that the uk should join the euro and join schengen . 
  it would be an error of colossal proportions for the uk to lose control of monetary policy and to lose control of its borders . 
  fortunately there is now no uk wide political party advocating the uk joining these things . 
   if you want the uk and europe to be an afterthought in a world of superpowers , i 'm sorry , that 's simply not going to happen . 
  the uk is not an afterthought . 
  as mentioned , it has the fourth biggest military and the fifth biggest economy in the world . 
  many thanks . 
  is the suggestion for a fence on the austro-hungarian / austro-slovene border ? 
  a fence between austria and hungary , which are both within the schengenzone , raises considerably more complex legal and political issues than the fence between hungary and serbia . 
  theoretically , if the schengen external borders have an effective fence , the internal borders do n't need fences . 
  is this partially a consequence of the recent local elections in upper austria ( ? ), 
  and the high score of the fpo ? 
   of course it should . 
  the uk is a massive and defining part of the eu and we should be shaping it as much as we can towards a successful , unified entity . 
  it is not fair on the members of the eurozone if the uk decides what it looks like , but is not part of it . 
  are you suggesting that the uk joins the euro and joins schengen and gives up its other opt outs ? 
   the days of small nations are over . 
  some of the most peaceful , liberal , prosperous and democratic nations in the world are small . 
  the uk is not a small nation though . 
  it has the fifth biggest economy in the word and the fourth biggest military . 
   no , the uk should be helping to set and the implement and follow eu policy . 
  it does n't really matter that you do n't personally feel the benefit or not . 
  the uk should not be setting or implementing policy in areas where it has an opt-out . 
  the uk is not part of monetary union and is not going to join monetary union . 
  quite obviously , the uk should not be setting policy in relation to monetary union as it is not part of monetary union . 
  this is why the uk does not have representation on the ecb . 
  economic woes in the eurozone and the inability to recover are a consequence of monetary union and the fact that it was not accompanied by true economic and fiscal union . 
  just as the uk should not be setting the eurozone 's policies in relation to completing emu as it is not in the monetary union , the uk should not have to pay for the flaws of emu . 
   but is there anyone here who went to a more `` obscure '' part of america i once spent two months in acapulco and loved it !, 
   that 's not the issue . 
  you prefer to frame each argument as the eu doing some inconceivably foolish thing and forcing poor old blighty to follow suit , when we clearly know better anyway . 
  it got old quite some time ago . 
  the uk should not be on the hook for the eurozone 's failures . 
  the uk should not be on the hook for the schengenzone 's failures . 
  whether you believe they are sensible or whether you believe they are foolish is neither here nor there . 
  the british taxpayer does not get the benefit of them and should not be subject to the burden of them . 
   nice to see you can still be counted to say that we 'd be doing the right thing if only we 'd have the chance . 
  this is not what i have said . 
  i think the uk is doing largely the correct thing , both in relation to youth unemployment in the uk ( though there is more that could be done ) and in relation to the refugee crisis ( though again there is more that could be done ) . 
   it 's nice to always have something to pick a point and rail against , is n't it ? 
  tax-payers money should be used wisely . 
  railing against unwise use of tax-payer 's money helps ensure it is used wisely . 
   it seems like the costs are justified though . 
  500 for youth employment and 1.2 bil for refugees . 
  the youth unemployment problem in much of europe is a consequence of the deathly combination of austerity politics and a single currency for different economies with no transfer mechanism . 
  the uk should not have to pay for this foolishness . 
  the eu 's refugee strategy is the wrong one . 
  the uk is correct to focus on taking refugees directly from refugee camps in the middle east and is already donating directly to the unhcr . 
  very good news for the leave campaign . 
   because of that condition , you get cheap labour outside the eu we can still get cheap labour , if that is a thing we want to get . 
  any sources in english ? 
  or dutchies around to give a translation ? 
  thanks !!, 
   i 'd put france & germany joint second . 
  i think france is much more important than germany as an ally , because their military is so much more capable . 
  also , in recent history they have been more reliable . 
   the united kingdom . 
  we 've always secretly suspected that you liked us more than you like the french or the germans ... 
  france is an incredibly important ally for the uk . 
  france is more or less more important than all other european allies combined . 
  ( okay , we have some weird special relationships with ireland and portugal and cyprus and malta , but they 're not france ... ), 
   edit : in reference to britain , i was referring to english regional autonomy . 
  virtually nobody in england wants there to be more regional automony within england . 
  entente represente !, 
   uk oldest diplomatic alliance in the world , 
   except for the fact that the day of the referendum , salmond still could n't tell anyone what currency they 'd be using . 
  this does n't mean that a referendum was n't the best tool for the decision . 
  it just means salmond did n't have his ducks in a row . 
  fortunately most people in the uk think like you do . 
  though some extreme lefties hate the west and the uk having nuclear is a symbol of what they hate . 
   does it matter ? 
  the only reason why it matters is because you asked me to comment on something specific about which i know little . 
   but i would say it implies no such thing . 
  the premise is not an inherent difference , but one within society , arising through social interaction influenced by various objective ( level of wealth and education of one group or another ) and subjective things ( societal prejudice and whatnot ) . 
  even in circumstances where there are some societal inequalities between different identities , i am still not convinced that identity politics provides useful answers and instead i think it risks ( however well-intentioned ) exacerbating problems . 
  the correction of societal inequalities between different indenties is , in my view , in the interests of all identies rather than specific ones ( certainly , i view it as in my own interests to remove inequalities even in circumstances when i am not impacted ) . 
  there are also multiple visions of how inequalities should be corrected and different political parties might take different positions on this . 
  for example , some might think be in favour of quotas ( e.g. 
  women on boards ) , others might think that such a policy harms the interests of women because it might imply that a woman reached a board position without due merit , and instead think that a different ( obstacle removing , e.g. 
  equal maternity/paternity ) rights approach is better . 
  the problem with identity politics is that it risks implying that this is a women 's issue rather than an issue that men might equally be concerned about . 
  it also risks suggesting that women should feel a particular way about this problem or the best solution ( whereas the reality is that women might have varied views on the correct solution ) . 
  as someone who is of a minority identity myself at various times in my life i have been incredibly frustrated when well-meaning indentity politics types on the left have tried to persuade me that i ought to vote a particular way because of my identity . 
  i find this incredibly patronising and insulting : the implication is that i do n't have a mind or i think as an identity rather than an individual . 
  i also think it is incredibly counter-productive , if everyone of my identity voted a particular way , in a sense this would result in my identity being less-well integrated into the plural mainstream political fabric of the uk .
