  what is the point at swearing at a stranger on the internet , just because they disagree with you ? 
  is n't it better to be civil with people rather than agressive and insulting ? 
   i would really need a source for `` the uk 's economy is most closely aligned to ireland 's '' . 
  this means that ireland and the uk are important trade partners for each other , have similar industries , similar corporate tax rates , tax rates , almost identical legal systems , a long history of a common travel area , a shared language , similar employment legislation and flexibility , and are similarly focused on `` ease of business '' , people have similar levels of personal debt . 
  [ when britain booms , it is good news for ireland . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/business/world/booming-british-economy-is-good-news-for-ireland-30045095.html )  uk got violently hit by the crisis in 2007 and was forced to bail-out and lower the wages of everyone . 
  this is exactly my point though . 
  if the uk had not been able to lower wages , we would have had massive unemployment instead . 
  i think lower wages were a better option . 
   how is this observation not populist ? 
  there are advantages and disadvantages to a single currency union . 
  one advantage that would be that there is no unmore fair competition between member states . 
  another that it 's bound to be stable ( ecb mandate ) . 
  another that trade does not take into account currency rate risk . 
  anyway , we 'll see what happens . 
  by 2020 most of the states in the eu will have the euro . 
  i 'm not trying to be `` populist '' i 'm just describing what has happened in the giips compared to in germany . 
  their experiences since currency union have been very different . 
   are you really that fucking stupid ? 
  please try and stay polite . 
   if you are out of the eu you wo n't be able to influence what laws are passed or what those laws say , but you 'll have to apply them anyway . 
  if you stay in the eu you can work to change current laws or write new laws more to british interests . 
  britain already has very limited scope to influence laws . 
  the difference between this limited scope , and no influence , is not that large . 
  there may be a net benefit to britain by leaving as can have total control on trade that just takes place within the uk , or trade with nations outside the eea . 
   they wo n't be . 
  if they are n't going to be any different , then i ca n't see what the downside is for the uk in not having a vote on them . 
   if you do n't like the current situation , just wait until you still have to adopt those laws but ca n't vote on them . 
  in what way will the laws be different ? 
  i 'm not one to dismiss anything . 
  i work in the city of london as a lawyer . 
  i am reguarly exposed to strong views on a brexit . 
  i 've heard mark boleat speak and i have also heard others make the opposite case . 
  the swiss deal strikes me as a good one though . 
  it is after all pretty much the most prosperous nation in europe . 
  if only britain had switzerland 's problems to deal with . 
  why do you care though ? 
  i thought you were in favour of eu federalism ? 
  do n't you think this would be helped by the uk leaving ? 
  britain , ireland and europe can all stay friends after a brexit . 
  what 's it to you ? 
   the euro is the best thing that ever happened to the industrial countries on it . 
  having other countries artificially keep your currency value down is a great deal for industrial economies . 
  agreed . 
  unfortunately for spain , its currency is being artificially kept up . 
   the comparison to ireland is extremely poor . 
  uk has a population of 65 million people , whereas ireland has 4.5 million . 
  and then ireland 's bailout was 150 billion euros , whereas uk 's was more than 650 billion . 
  the comparison with ireland is relevant because ireland 's economy , like the uk 's , is dominated by financial services . 
  france , germany and italy do n't have economies dominated by financial services : germany 's is dominated by high end manufacturing . 
  the uk 's economy is most closely aligned to ireland 's . 
   the pound depreciated from a stable 1.4 parity with the euro in 2007 to 1.1-1 .2 in the last five years . 
  what this means is that all british people had a wage reduction of 15 % compared to people in the euro-zone . 
  this is true . 
  britain had a wage reduction , but kept high levels of employment . 
  portual , italy , greece and spain did not have a wage reduction , but have had massive and tragic unemployment and austerity forced on them by either the troika or their own governments to a degree far more severe than anything in the uk . 
  even france has significantly higher unemployment than britain . 
  the ability for the uk 's currency to float freely is exactly what britain needs . 
   italy bailed out only one bank , with 20 billion euros while france did not bailout anything . 
  italy , france , germany will get their bailout money back with a very good return profit . 
  of course , germany does very well in the euro . 
  but other countries have done very badly in it . 
  one size does not seem to work in the same way for every country . 
   that 's no longer the case . 
  britain is a small country whose relative decline is far from over . 
  the same is true for every single european country , like it or not . 
  this is kind of my point . 
  europe as a whole is in relative decline . 
  that 's why the uk needs to max out links with the bits of the world that are n't in relative decline . 
   how do you know jobs did n't actually move over the channel ? 
  obviously we ca n't know this for certain , but given that the uk has had lower unemployment than the eurozone since the creation of the euro , given that the trend in the uk has consistently been the creation of new jobs , given that far more people from europe move to the uk to work rather than the other way round , it seems likely . 
   for all we know , britain could have been be in a better shape than germany if they joined the euro . 
  again , we do n't know this for certain . 
  but the economy in the eurozone that is cyclically and structurally most similar to the uk economy is the irish one . 
  ireland in the eurozone experienced the mother of all credit bubbles because interest rates were too low for it . 
  then ireland experienced the mother of all crashes and because it was in the euro could not control its own monetary policy and eventually ireland needed a bail-out . 
  i expect the uk would be where ireland is now had it joined the euro . 
  haha !, 
  there has been a lot of comment in the press recently about changes to life in london . 
  one of the consequences of london being successful does mean that things are very expensive here ... 
   and seeing current attitude i very much doubt british government will ever pass any law that does n't allow bail outs for the banks . 
  [ this legislation is already going through parliament . 
  ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2013/33/contents/enacted ), 
   when the jobs start moving across the channel , that 's when it 's going to hurt . 
  we already got told this about not joining the euro . 
  just as that threat was mistaken , this one is too . 
   does that mean there will be actual people living in london now ? 
  i currently live in london . 
  and i 've always thought of myself as being an `` actual person '' ... 
   the problem i have is that britain has never been a country to just sit back and mind its own business . 
  it has a very long history of being intimately involved in global affairs . 
  stepping away from the eu would only serve to make the country more irrelevant in these matters . 
  but leaving the eu does n't have to be about isolation . 
  most eusceptics like me want britain to leave the eu precisely because we think britain needs to refocus on the rest of the world . 
  leaving the eu is about openness , not isolation . 
  that 's the whole argument behind mansfield 's paper . 
  did you read it yet ? 
   if britain leaves the eu most of the financial institutions in the city will move to frankfurt and paris in 5 years at most . 
  that must be why there are n't any financial institutions in switzerland . 
   britain has almost no leverage in the eu on the issue of reform .
