  sooner or later the voters are going to get sick of that bullshit . 
   we are already the scapegoat for most other issues . 
  unfortunately i expect this trend will continue . 
  germany is going to continue to outperform most of the rest of the eu economically and the resentment in other countries will likely continue to build . 
  italy is worth watching very closely . 
  it is incredible to witness the recent anti-eu and thinly veiled anti-german rhetoric coming from renzi - something that would have been unthinkable before the financial crisis . 
  ( i also notice that the below-the-line comments in italian newspapers/blogs are increasingly critical of germany . ), 
   it was known beforehand that single market membership is inextricably tied to freedom of movement . 
  this is only the case because people have declared it to be the case . 
  it does n't inherently have to be so . 
  however , i agree with you that this is something that the eu has always been fairly clear about . 
  however , this is really irrelevant to my own views . 
  personally i think that being in the single market is bad for the uk - this was one of my main reasons for voting leave . 
  i am also pretty liberal when it comes to immigration and do n't think that the uk should reduce immigration . 
   what changed in regards to uk and eu survival being antithetical to each other ? 
  i am not sure if anything has really changed , other than the vote and the realisation among all of us in europe about what it means and its potential consequences ( and the corresponding rhetoric from politicians ) . 
  brexit is an existential crisis for the eu , because if a country can leave the eu and flourish , anti-eu movements in other parts of the eu will be given a gigantic boost . 
  this is now a reality that is terrifying eurocrats . 
   how difficult would it be to change that system ? 
  i think fptp is a good system and would vote to keep it . 
  i think we will keep it as outside of reddit it is pretty popular . 
  one of the many many good consequences of brexit is that the french financial regulators have started to allow market participants to complete administrative forms in english . 
   why would they do that if they could hide behind their big neighbor one last time ? 
  it 's much easier if another country is the target of the public backlash . 
  this has basically been irish eu policy for a while . 
  one of the many good consequences of brexit ( there are so many ! ), 
  is that it will force ireland to be honest with its partners and its electorate about what it really wants . 
  this is ultimately good for a democracy . 
  i was being tongue in cheek with this comment . 
  obviously , i do n't really care what policy the eu wants to do in relation to tax harmonization once we leave , it is up to them . 
  initially my hope had been that a uk outside the eu could peacefully co-exist with the eu . 
  i think this view was/is shared by the vast majority of leavers . 
  however , on observing the reaction of the eu since we voted to leave , i wonder if that is really possible . 
  it might be the case that either the uk will survive or the eu will survive , but not both . 
  this policy is nonsense . 
  the uk should therefore support it strongly if it will come into force after the uk leaves and oppose it strongly if it will come into force before the uk leaves . 
  this map triggered me ... 
   thank god norway did n't join this mess . 
  some of us are looking forward to joining you on the outside ... ;-), 
  came here just to see if belgium had anyone . 
   if you are an economist , please enlighten me , but we also do n't say `` it 's a shame this guy steals the stuff he sells cheaper than we can produce it , but we ca n't do anything against this '' . 
  i am not an economist , but there is a school of economic thought that supports unilateral free trade and it is one that i support . 
  see below in this thread for my answer to your question . 
   hu yes it does ? 
  what 's the point trying to compete fairly with a cheater ? 
  it does n't make sense to see things just through the perspective of producers , but also to see things from the perspective of consumers . 
  if china subsidises product x , as a consumer of product x in the uk then effectively the chinese tax-payer is subsidising my consumption ( which is good for uk consumers ) . 
  if uk producers of x ca n't keep up then they will move to other areas of activity instead . 
  i agree that it is n't good that china does not observe principles of free trade , but fighting free trade with protectionism is the same as fucking for virginity . 
   so is that `` fell by 6 % '' , which would n't be all that special , or is it `` fell 6 % from something like 12 % to 6 % '' , which would be astounding . 
  it is helpful to look at numbers of insolvencies as absolute numbers , rather than look at them as percentages of all firms . 
   it 's not free trade if one actor has the advantage of beeing state sponsored . 
  if china makes the mistake of not supporting free trade and being protectionist , that is a shame . 
  however , that does not mean we should also be protectionist . 
  the uk is correct to do this as ultimately being open to free trade will help the uk . 
   but britain , widely seen as china 's closest ally within the eu , is leading a small group of countries , including the netherlands , sweden , finland and estonia , in a blocking minority against reforms that would allow higher tariffs . 
  should n't just be the uk that gets the credit here . 
  other countries should share some of the credit . 
   although a yougov poll showed that the majority of people were for a ftt . 
  i have no objection to a political party in the uk campaigning for a ftt . 
   it would have been a success without britain since it would have allowed europe to defend its industry against chinese dumping . 
  chinese dumping was not on the agenda . 
   i 'm not really surprised that the brits object to the democratic rights of european parliaments to have a vote on trade deals . 
  no , we are delighted by it . 
  it means that you wo n't be able to do any more trade deals . 
   no no we know when we are not wanted . 
  we are sorry we took up so much of your time . 
  at least we will be polite and let it die . 
  this whole experience has not been pointless , instead it has been revealing . 
  the deal wo n't die , it will just look a bit different and end up being between the uk and canada and get signed in 2019 ... 
   regular trade deal without isds etc regular trade deals ( including eu 's existing deals ) have isds . 
   her performance in brussels was a bit lackluster . 
  the entire meeting was a failure . 
  the european council agreed that international trade was important and urged the signing of ceta as soon as possible and also condemned the actions of russia in syria . 
  however , ceta is n't happening and the eu is unable to agree sanctions on russia . 
  theresa should not have bothered attending . 
   we 've been talking about tobin tax for ages as would be suggested as a solution to the bundesbank 's problems , but there is actually proof that it increases volatility . 
  the tobin tax talks are now just permanent crazy talks . 
  everyone knows that they wo n't happen , but nobody can admit it . 
  to quote what may is going to be saying to barnier when we begin formal negotiations ( in french !, 
   sure in the long run britain will find some role for itself outside the deep integration into european economy it currently enjoys with every year that passes the extent to which the uk is integrated into the european economy falls . 
  this trend , which has been going on for decades , is an inevitable consequence of globalisation and we should embrace it fully . 
  globalism means globalism and free trade means free trade . 
   but the short to midterm will hurt and it will be dangerous . 
  dangerous ? 
  no , i do n't see any danger . 
   yeah sorry , but that makes no fucking sense dude , he obviously made the comment in an ironic way rather than as a serious policy position ... 
  this is a welcome piece of news for the city of london . 
  the bank of england is for high-frequency trade . 
  crucially , traders are also for high-frequency trade . 
  good for the walloons . 
  it was said by de gaulle that belgium is a joke created by the british to annoy the french . 
  that statement just became truer . 
   but it 's undeniable that there will be suffering . 
  we ca n't predict the future , but i have every confidence that the uk will do great outside the eu . 
  the key to being a successful country is to have a good democracy after all . 
   i 'm sad that britain left and is suffering now as a result . 
  what suffering ? 
  uk has low unemployment , low inflation , low interest rates , highest economic growth in g7 . 
  hundreds of thousands of migrants come to the uk every year .
