  in what respects it is a good fight ? 
  i can tell anyone who to vote including you . 
  this is not of itself a reason to take people from the franchise . 
  it is a reason to regulate electoral abuse . 
  no , it wo n't become an issue . 
  i like having a separate hot tap and cold tap . 
  no , it is n't better for the country . 
  a wide franchise is a public good and something that people have fought and died for . 
  we should not dial back the clock . 
  your arguments are the same as those made for denying the vote to women or black people or poor people . 
  no , it is totally different . 
  with driving behind a blind person , an accident is close to certain . 
  that is not the case if people with learning difficulties have the vote . 
  the analogy is a poor one as the risks are different . 
  inequality is falling in the uk . 
  more people are working than ever before . 
  thousands of people move to the uk every week because they want to be there . 
  i think they are great . 
  she does n't vote the same way as me . 
  she votes for an mp who was once kind to her . 
  however , it is extremely fascist and sinister to try and deny people with learning difficulties the vote . 
  no , i would n't . 
  but voting is not the same as driving a car . 
   lib-dems , greens and maybe even labour could score lots of political points over something like this . 
  i do n't think any pro-surveillance argument can win in a fair debate in britain . 
  the lib dems are part of the government . 
  they did not make a big deal of this while in governement , which will stop them being able to campaign on this . 
  the labour party do not have a difference from the conservative party on this . 
  the greens do not take votes from the conservatives . 
  they take votes from the labour party and the lib dems . 
  none of those parties will try to make this an issue . 
  my sister does vote for fun . 
  she has almost no knowledge of politics and only a basic understanding that she is helping choose the government . 
  would you disenfranchise her ? 
  absolutely not . 
  this would be incredibly undemocratic . 
  i have a sister with down 's syndrome and severe learning difficulties and she has never passed an exam in life . 
  in your somewhat unkind words , she is a `` downright idiot '' , though she is a citizen with rights and responsibilities just like you and i are . 
  we should never try to disenfranchise people with special needs . 
   if the uk were not in the eu , they could just not recognise the court . 
  no , the european court of human rights is not an eu court . 
  many european countries that are not part of the eu ( e.g russia , switzerland , macedonia , iceland ) accept the jurisdiction of the european court of human rights . 
  i thought you knew this kind of stuff ? 
  it seems as if you responded to my comment without reading it , but still called me arrogant . 
  as mentioned already , i do not think that the debate over scottish independence is over . 
  as mentioned already , i am more than happy for scotland to have another referendum on independence in due course , if the people of scotland elect a party that campaigns for one during the next scottish elections . 
  i 'm not sure how i can make this any clearer . 
   if uk leaves eu , scotland will leave uk . 
  i have n't seen any polling on this question , but would be interested to see it . 
   and let me also remind you the fact that the eu membership was used by the `` bitter together '' camp extensively whereas now it is conveniently forgotten . 
  i 've no idea what point you are making here , but surely you agree with referendums taking place ? 
  a majority of british people want a referendum on eu membership . 
  it is a good thing to have referendums . 
   are deluded if you think scotland would stay in the uk if they left the eu , there would a referendum within a year and they would gone . 
  i 'm not sure why you are so angry ? 
  i have not seen any polling that indicates that scottish people would want to stay in the eu if the rest of the uk left it . 
  however , i am more than happy for scotland to have a referendum about it , if the scottish people want a referendum on it and elect a government campaigning for it in 2016 . 
   as for the evidence 200,000 vote swing and they would gone , leaving the eu would make that a certainty . 
  just look at the opinion poll on the issue before the referendum . 
  can you link the opinion poll ? 
  i 'm not aware of an opinion poll that mentioned both scottish independence and eu membership . 
   self determination of the people , but the scottish peoples defense and foreign policy would be determined by another government . 
  you are deluded . 
  why would they leave foreign affairs and defense in the hands of westminster which would be a foreign government at the time , brussels would be far better partner to have . 
  you seem to be totally misunderstanding me and it seems like english is not your first language . 
  of course , if scotland vote for independence then they would have full control of everything . 
  however , until they do that there is a question of what they have control over . 
  there is a question over the correct level of devolution now . 
  i think now scotland should have full control of everything now , other than defence and foreign affairs , if that is what they want . 
  however , it is not completely clear that this is what they want . 
  quite a bit has changed . 
  banks are better capitalized . 
  there is regulation for the recovery and resolution of banks . 
  one big thing that europe needs to to ( which the usa has already done ) is ensure that more of the financial system is via capital markets rather than banks . 
  they voted 45:55 . 
  i am not the one saying independence is over , the scottish national party said that this was a once in a generation opportunity . 
  if scottish people want to have another referendum , then they should vote for a party that campaigns for one at the next scottish election . 
  then they should have one . 
  it is best to look at changes in votes rather than seats . 
  however , a gain of 6 % is very significant , as it dramatically changes the make up of the electorate . 
  you also need to see the 6 % fall the other side . 
  it is n't just the british media that noted the huge increase in euscepticsm in the most recent eu parliament . 
  this was covered by media across the continent . 
  in the last eu elections , parties who have eusceptic positions got a lot of votes : more than ever before . 
  it is best not to ignore this . 
   are you willing to give up uk foreign policy and defence to the eu , no , i 'm not . 
   if not why would scotland settle for you them being controlled by westminster . 
  you should check with the people of scotland who voted to remain part of the uk in september of last year . 
   the truth is if the uk leave , scotland will be independent in no time , wales will probably follow suit and even ni unionists would see the benefit of a united ireland . 
  any evidence for this ? 
   problem with you ukip supporter is you want your cake and to eat it . 
  not really . 
  i support the concept of self-determination of a peoples . 
  i 'm happy for scottish people to have full fiscal autonomy and control of everything other than foreign policy and defence , if that is what they want . 
  i 'm also happy for other kinds of devolution , provided it is done in a way which the locals want and have voted for . 
  we should n't have . 
  hopefully we will leave . 
  if we do n't leave , then the aim should be to repatriate as many powers as possible . 
  rest of the eurozone needs to become a fiscal union or collapse though and the uk should n't block either of those outcomes . 
   think that 's because people and national governments would n't probably support it .
