  this is n't what switzerland is doing . 
  there are many many many international organisations in switzerland . 
  the people working there are employed in switzerland . 
  switzerland does not have a problem with this . 
  the referendum was not a referendum saying that there should be no foreigners in switzerland at all . 
   and there was a referendum to reduce the number of immigrants . 
  yes , but so what ? 
  there is no country in the world that has completely open borders . 
  there are very few countries in the world that have completely closed borders . 
  switzerland is just one of the vast majority of countries in the world , like france , germany and the uk , that allow some foreigners in but not others . 
   but the vast majority of people who work at cern are foreigners . 
  switzerland voted to reduce the number of foreigners working on its soil . 
  i see a huge problem , dont you ? 
  how on earth is this a problem ? 
  switzerland did not vote for there to be no foreigners in switzerland at all . 
  under the terms of their referendum they can clearly allow people who work for cern . 
   a country that can not accept foreigners should not benefit from having such essential , international institutions in such places . 
  switzerland does accept foreigners . 
  there are huge numbers of foreigners in switzerland . 
   not sure how reliable these numbers are , but they seem to indicate it 's about the same . 
  personally i find this source a bit unconvincing . 
  for one thing , the underlying numbers are from 2010 and are thus very out-of-date . 
  for another thing , different newspapers report them in very different ways . 
  [ here is the ft , looking at the same data and saying that there are 1.8 m brits in the reu , whereas the eu observer says 2.2 m. 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5cd640f6-9025-11e3-a776-00144feab7de.html#axzz3unvcwbgj ), 
  there are not at many brits in the reu as there are reuropeans in the uk . 
  i thought `` resistance '' was n't a common value in france ;-), 
   have you read the renegotiating strategy paper yet that explains all this ? 
  which one ? 
   in that case , the pensioner thing should n't be all that difficult to arrange between european countries and the uk . 
  i agree , it should be rather easy . 
  however , i will repeat my point about it ultimately being a question for the national democracies of those countries . 
  as you know , i am a great fan of national democracies and am pleased when they have power to make decisions . 
   why would he do that ? 
  he let it be known before he started this that he would only support ` remain ' if he could get the reform he was after . 
  the vast majority of political commentators are assuming that he will support `` remain '' whatever deal he gets . 
  personally i agree with them . 
  i do n't see it as conceiveable that cameron says that his renegotiation has failed . 
  ( i think he would have real difficulty sounding sincere on that . ), 
  however , cameron is the master of spin ... 
   if the nationality determines who pays the bill , why do i remember complaints that europeans that go to the uk are a burden to the nhs system ? 
  i think the rule that the home member state pays the host member state is a specific rule for pensioners . 
  i think different rules apply for non-pensioners . 
  ( i have n't checked those rules recently . ), 
  i ca n't wait until cameron has to stand up in parliament and try to explain that his renegotiation has been successful and that he will therefore lead the `` remain '' campaign . 
  the british people will know that this is bullshit . 
  they will know they are being sold a pig in a poke by their prime minister . 
  and they will vote to leave . 
  cameron will resign the next day . 
   just to imagine how that negotiation would go : it depends on what age these people have . 
  elder citizens use much more healthcare services , consume more medicines , require more expensive surgery . 
  so working ` continentals ' in the uk would add more into the system than they take out , while british citizens retiring in spain would take more out of the system . 
  the uk pays for the healthcare of british pensioners in spain . 
   retiring in greece , spain , portugal or italy are out then . 
  they already forecast problems with their aging populations there . 
  i do n't know what greece , spain , portugal or italy think about the retiring brits there . 
  maybe they like them , maybe they do n't : there is after all a balance of positives and negatives . 
  if they think that the retiring brits are a good thing , they will likely want to keep them . 
  if they think that the retiring brits are a bad thing , then , in my mind , those retiring brits should not be there . 
  ultimately this should be a question for the national democracies of greece , spain , portugal and italy . 
  certainly , we should not fear the democratic decisions made by a sovereign people . 
  instead we should welcome those decisions . 
   unless you think the british wo n't mind retiring in a colder country , but i do n't think retiring in , for example , rainy belgium is something these seniors had in mind . 
  as i am sure you know , most brits who are abroad are not in the reu . 
  brits go to the anglosphere , especially australia and canada . 
  the former is very sunny , the latter not so much . 
  however , what this does prove is that for brits you do n't need to be in the eu to move abroad . 
   he 's said explicitly several times that he will support the `` out '' campaign if the uk is n't given op outs . 
  he has only said this to try and leverage his bargaining power . 
  absolutely nobody thinks he will campaign to leave the eu . 
  he will definitely campaign to stay in the eu . 
   so do you want to place strong restrictions on dutch immigration to the uk ? 
  because discriminating based on place of birth is pretty illegal . 
  i want the uk to leave the eu and then create an entirely new immigration policy , that did not consider nationality , but simply consider skills of immigrants and needs of the economy ( a bit like canada and australia do ) . 
   let 's switch . 
  we give you the amount of money you gave to the unhcr and you keep them . 
  when it comes to deciding the best way to help refugees , it makes sense for the uk to use our limited money to help the refugees the most in need . 
  this is clearly by focusing on the refugees in refugee camps in the middle east . 
  not only does our money go further there , but also those people are most vulnerable . 
  the aim of the uk 's refugee policy should not be to help italy . 
  separately , italy does not keep all the refugees that come to italy . 
  a lot just leave and go to other countries . 
  i also think the entire way that italy defends is borders etc needs to change . 
  though this is obviously a decision which italian democracy should take . 
  it is not a question for the uk to take . 
  i wish italy good luck with these democratic decisions . 
   uk is already not part of schengen which is what matter for this so i do n't understand what they are actually standing to gain with respect to the refugee crisis in particular . 
  once countries give the refugees citizenship , they can move to the uk . 
  ( we have already seen this with the dutch somalians in the uk . ), 
   so the anglosphere thinks that south europe should be the only one spending billions of euros for save and feed the refugees ? 
  easy  no . 
  the anglosphere is giving huge amounts of money to the unhcr . 
  the uk is giving more than any other eu country . 
  that is the best way to help refugees . 
  making them walk across ten countries is pointless , it makes their death more likely , is a huge inconvenience to other countries , it puts money in the hands of people smugglers etc. 
   that would be the first bargaining chip i would use if i was juncker . 
  it 's highly unlikely it would be granted . 
  when it comes to foreigners , the uk has the greater bargaining position . 
  there are many more reuropeans in the uk than the other way round . 
  the reuropeans in the uk come to work , whereas brits go to the reu to retire .
