  i personally do not want to renegotiate i want a brexit . 
  however , you can read about cameron 's proposed renegotiation [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/10700644/david-cameron-the-eu-is-not-working-and-we-will-change-it.html ) and [ here ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/eu-speech-at-bloomberg ) . 
   more money from the rest of the member states ? 
  the uk is a net contributor to the eu budget , so i am not sure what you mean by `` more '' money . 
  however , obviously i would prefer that the uk gave no money to the eu whatsoever . 
  the uk should focus its aid budget to the real poor rather than the delinquent rich . 
   do you want to opt out of the basic human rights , the insurance of which full membership status requires ? 
  yes , the uk should pull out of the jurisdiction of the echr . 
  the uk has an ancient tradition of human rights that is separate from the echr . 
  if countries like australia , canada and new zealand fully respect human rights outside the echr then i have confidence that the uk can too . 
   as far as anyone can tell , it 's a question of identity , played up by tabloids and populist demagogues . 
  you want to `` feel '' unique , but you ca n't if your laws are coordinated with the continent , even if you would enact the exact same legislation without the union . 
  it is to do with sovereignty and where i want governance to rest and with whom i want to suffer common governance . 
  though you seem to love peruvians and other southamericans ( especially when they work as `` badante '' ... ), 
   support for the eu in the uk is at record highs . 
  dig a little deeper into the polling . 
  support for the eu in the uk rests on the ability of the uk to renegotiate our arrangements with the rest of the eu - something that the eu does not really seem to want . 
   they do n't care about migrants in calais because once they leave calais clinging to a lorry , they are n't their problem any more . 
  if they ignore them and turn a blind eye , they will soon be someone else 's ( i.e. 
  britain 's ) problem . 
  however , this policy has lead there to be a camp in calais for ten years . 
  this , ultimately , is a problem for the residents of calais . 
   i live in london , i assure you the racism is very equally distributed between africans , south asians and eastern europeans . 
  how would you describe the distribution of racism in italy ? 
  in my experience there are high levels of racism to all ethnic-minorities ( `` gli extra-communitari '' ) though italians reserve a special kind of hatred for albanians . 
  [ there was an interesting study that got published last year or so that indicated that the uk was one of the most racially tolerant countries in the world ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2013/05/15/a-fascinating-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-racially-tolerant-countries/ ) . 
  i love the mountains around the rila monastery in the winter : very beautiful and dramatic countryside and the type of thing that we do n't really have anywhere in the uk . 
  for anyone going on holiday to bulgaria , in my mind the rila monastery is the `` must see '' attraction . 
   the uk is relying on france for its border protection . 
  it 's inducing the cost of its protection to france , which only accepts to pay because it helps diplomacy . 
  yes , as you say , it is ultimately in france 's interests to police the border , just as it is in the uk 's interests to police the border the other side . 
  stop complaining about doing something which is in your own country 's interests . 
   the uk gets a free ride , and is too incompetent to take care if the problem themselves . 
  the problem is in france . 
  it is france 's problem . 
  france can deal with it or it can ignore it . 
  seems like you are ignoring it . 
   who , exactly , wants to `` screw around '' with anyone here ? 
  what are the actual issues that you claim were unilaterally forced down the uk 's throat without its democratic consent ? 
  is it the brown people you 're afraid of ? 
  the regular old scary romanians ? 
  by `` screw around '' i am simply saying that if after a brexit the reu tried to put barriers between the reu and the uk in terms of trade , that would be screwing around . 
   what are the actual issues that you claim were unilaterally forced down the uk 's throat without its democratic consent ? 
  i 've not made a claim about this . 
   is it the brown people you 're afraid of ? 
  the regular old scary romanians ? 
  really , please do not come up with strawmen . 
  it really is a poor discussion technique . 
  it is very poor form to imply that someone is a racist on the back of zero evidence . 
  i could not care less if someone is brown or romanian who immigrates to the uk provided that there is an economic need for them and they come to work and that the uk has the infrastructure to accommodate them and they respect the uk 's values . 
  however , obviously there should be limits . 
  i 'm not so keen on entitled , marxist danes with non-jobs who hate the uk coming to the uk . 
  i would much prefer that they decided to go elsewhere . 
   britain imports 18 billion worth of goods from the eu , but exports 35 billion . 
  no , your data is not trade in goods . 
  it is trade in services . 
  the uk does export more services to the reu than it imports . 
  however , in terms of total exports ( including goods as well as services ) the uk imports more than it exports . 
   giving uk businesses an advantage by granting them exceptions to social or environmental legislation may be something the uk would like to put on the table , but the rest wo n't ever accept such a precedent . 
  i agree that the reu does not want a precedent of giving the uk even more opt-outs . 
  however , the reu also does not want a precedent of a nation leaving the eu . 
  it comes down to what is your least worst option . 
  and different member states will have different views on this . 
  thus , there will likely be some discussions . 
   basically denying centuries of shared development and interchange in europe is ... i really do n't have words to describe that . 
  take some history lessons . 
  the uk does have shared development and interchange with some parts of europe much more than others and of course this will continue when the uk leaves the eu . 
  the uk also has extremely close historical connections with other parts of the world too . 
  close cultural connections and shared development is really not a reason to be in the eu . 
  the world is getting closer together , not further apart . 
  geography really is n't destiny . 
   uk is a worthless , washed out , rained out and insignificant island somewhere in the north atlantic without the eu and nato . 
  `` think about that before you try and screw around with the eu . '', 
  the uk wo n't be leaving nato . 
  however , it should certainly leave the eu . 
  it sounds like you will be happy when we leave !, 
   usa perhaps , but not india . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ronald_inglehart#mediaviewer/file:inglehart_values_map.svg an interesting mind map !, 
  in any case , the truth is that the uk has close cultural connections with some parts of continental europe but not with others and the same can be said for the uk 's close cultural connections with the rest of the world . 
   in any case , we 're neighbours . 
  we 'll have to deal with each other intensively , more than other non-neighbouring countries . 
  i agree that the uk and reu will have to deal with each other over some things due to geographic proximity . 
  as for the intensity of that dealing , that really depends on what the relevant issue is . 
  some issues are global and on may of these things it does n't particularly make sense for the uk to deal with reu more closely than it deals with other countries in the world . 
  for trade , too , it would make sense for the uk to focus more on the growing parts of the world rather than the shrinking parts of the world . 
   mate , have you ever actually been outside the uk ? 
  have lived and worked in japan and in italy and spent large amounts of time in france , kenya , spain , usa ...  that 's an absolutely ludicrous statement . 
  the uk is among its cultural peers in northern europe , and that may well disappoint you because it does n't fit a certain narrative , but it 's the truth . 
  i agree that the uk has close connections and cultural similarlities with some parts of north-western europe . 
  however , there are many countries in the world which the uk also has close cultural similarities with - there are also many countries in the eu which the uk does not have close cultural similarities with . 
   english exceptionalism is holding the uk back more than anything at the moment . 
  in what ways is the uk being held back ? 
  english exceptionalism is holding the uk back more than anything at the moment . 
   you 're kidding , they 've been managing it for all that time . 
  the uk basically use calais as their refugees camp and that 's the fault of the french ? 
  france has been managing the situation badly up to now . 
  the current situation is not good management . 
  the calais refugees are in france . 
  it is france 's responsibility to work out if they are genuine refugees ( and give them asylum ) or illegal immigrants . 
  just because these people want to leave france and go to the uk does not mean the uk is responsible for them .
