  we have no set principle that there should be no referendums , but an openness to having them in certain circumstances and this was one of those circumstances . 
   absolutely crucial for the future of our country this one we knew was important , which is why turnout was high . 
  i took the day off work to help take old people and handicapped people to vote , including a disabled man who had not voted for twenty years . 
  he knew it was important . 
   we have no cultural precedence for those kinds of referendums which is why , by definition , we 're all going to be terrible at them cultures are changing things . 
  i just do n't think , when we look at the evidence of the referendum or the actual consequence of brexit , that you really believe that something terrible happened . 
  this is n't the black death or poll pot , it is simply a western liberal democracy changing the way it is governed and saying goodbye to the eu . 
  ( this will be good for the eu too . 
  now you actually have to take reform seriously . 
  no more empty words . 
  actions . ), 
   quite honestly , i do n't believe this poster . 
  at best , i think he has some cognitive dissonance in his views but at worst i think his views are a front , a sham . 
  / u/fuscator i am afraid you need to stop the personal attacks . 
  you are breaching rediquette . 
  i have reported your post . 
   i expect i 'll just ask siri to run an optimistic , a pessimistic , and an in-between model you still need to clarify what you want her opinion on . 
  whether it is volume of trade or percentage of trade compared to other trade partners . 
   you ca n't trust the people ( including myself ) to make specific decisions when our entire lives we learned how to vote for directions and leave the specific decisions up to professionals . 
  we 're simply not competent enough . 
  the professionals can not tell the people how the people want to be governed . 
  they can only tell the people how they think the people should be governed . 
  in the end , only the people can tell the professionals how the people actually want to be governed . 
  separately , the referendum was not some sudden whim !, 
  it had been brewing for years . 
  for years people have wanted one . 
  a majority of people voted in the last general election for political parties promising one . 
  then our parliament passed legislation for one . 
  the question was framed in conjunction with our electoral commission . 
  the campaign was regulated . 
  the vote was free and fair . 
  subsequently to that we had a judicial process , then we started having a legislative process to begin leaving the eu . 
  what will follow will be a negotiated process . 
  where , really , is the harm ? 
  this is exactly how a liberal democracy should function . 
   george osbourne is a bellend ( and not an economist ) who misinterpreted figures ( which predicted an up to 6 % drop in gdp over the course of some years ) which did n't need to be misinterpreted . 
  growth will be impacted severely but a full-on recession is not likely , however that also depends on the state of the world economy . 
  i agree it is not likely , however , hmt 's report did predict a recession after the vote . 
   the uk does not have competent trade negotiators . 
  then of course we will train them up , as we are doing , with help from our friends and allies . 
  it is not something that we among all nations are uniquely unable to do . 
   for the sixth time , the eu will not offer free movement of services without single market membership . 
  i am not arguing that we should be in the single market for services , of course , we should be outside it . 
  i am arguing that the uk should promote global free trade in services . 
   you are now just outrightly denying reality . 
  you have not linked to any evidence saying that the wto requires a minimum level of tariffs . 
   which is why you want the uk to leave the biggest single market . 
  sure . 
  there are countries which outside the eu do not put in place non-tariff barriers and there are countries which do . 
  the uk is one which wo n't . 
   what a surprise that it always goes like this whenever brexiteers are on the verge of realising the enormity of the mistake they 've made . 
  no , we 'll be fine and much better off . 
  you will be sad that our economy does fine though . 
   and no backup plan if the result is close if the vote was to leave , we would leave the eu . 
  if the vote was to remain , we would remain in the eu . 
  why make things more complicated than they need to be ? 
  trust the people to decide how they want to be governed . 
   indeed . 
  so why did we need to leave the eu to do that ? 
  this was not the main reason to leave the eu , the main reason was to enhance our democracy and promote free trade . 
  but an agile legislator and regulatory system will make it more easy for us to adapt to the coming technological revolution . 
   you 're technically correct , because nobody predicted a recession after the vote . 
  hmt did . 
   they just have to change their economy . 
  simples '' - paraphrased . 
  i am not saying that it will be easy , but they have to do this inside or outside the uk . 
  but scottish people are not somehow too stupid to be able to do this . 
   if you self-represent in court , it ( generally ) does n't matter how close to the truth you 've been - odds are , you 're going to lose the trial because the opposition will be far more qualified than yourself . 
  now replace lawyers with trade experts and you 'll see the situation which the uk is entering . 
  the uk has very competent lawyers . 
   international trade deals take a long time - longer than 2 years , at the very least . 
  some countries that are more focused on free trade do them much quicker . 
   that 's not what i 've said , four times . 
  for the fifth time , you can have free trade in services if and only if you are prepared to accept single market membership - assuming that it is on the table [ you might want to take a look at thecityuk 's paper on this . 
  ] ( https://www.thecityuk.com/news/thecityuk-hails-opportunity-for-trade-and-investment-policy-reset/ ) there is no particular reason for free trade in services to be linked to immigration . 
   no , those tariffs are minimum too . 
  no , they are not . 
  different countries have different levels of tariffs , some have higher some have lower . 
  the wto does not require countries to put in place tariffs at all . 
   free trade is not achieved once tariffs have been eliminated - non-tariff barriers to trade are a far bigger problem yes , i also think the uk should eliminate non-tariff barriers too . 
  you seem butthurt that the uk is leaving the eu has voted to leave the eu but is doing fine . 
  steve jobs thinks uk has a great future outside the eu , what do you know that he does n't ? 
   yes , eight economists out of thousands really made a valid case for economic suicide . 
  those economists have been more correct so far . 
  all those who predicted a recession after the vote have been proved wrong . 
   scotland does n't have the minerals , the farm land or manufacturing base to be their own country with their own economy and have free university and free prescriptions and so forth . 
  they have to change their economy , but that simply depends on political desire . 
   patrick minford : brexit would ` mostly eliminate manufacturing ' i disagree with minford on this , but note that minford 's analysis is based on the uk embracing perfect free trade and the uk 's comparative advantage not being in manufacturing . 
  but really , what is the problem if the uk 's manufacturing sector falls relative to other sectors ? 
  why do we think of manufacturing as being somehow more important than other economic activity ? 
   gerard lyons : on lyons 's numbers , the average remain scenario is 24 percent better than the average of the two brexit options . 
  many thanks for linking to a page written in march of 2016 , which is now out-of-date . 
  you will see that lyons , who thought that uncertainty caused by the vote itself would depress london 's economy , has already been proved false , as has everyone else who thought that the uk economy would suffer after the vote . 
  these people include the eu , the imf , hmt , the boe etc etc. 
  all those experts are revising their predictions . 
  we are already more than six months after the vote and we already know that uncertainty has not depressed the economy . 
  also , it does not really make sense to average scenarios expectations in this way because those scenarios are not equally likely . 
  this is just fake maths . 
   again , we 're looking 10 years down the line . 
  it might be corbyn 's second mandate ... oh , on this i absolutely agree .
