  i agree with your point . 
  i was simply correcting the data of another poster . 
  i 'm all for cultural exchange and am someone who has spent years living in continental europe and ( for professional reasons ) am in daily contact with people from around the whole globe . 
  personally i think this can continue even if the uk leaves the eu . 
  looking at data from eurostat ( [ i am on a mobile phone , but the attached is helpful ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/mobile/index.php#page?title=national%20accounts%20and%20gdp&amp;lg=en ) ) i see almost every eastern european country doing better than denmark and sweden over the last decade . 
  i guess i am less confident about predicting the future than you are . 
  empires have come and gone , power has waxed and waned . 
  the uk had a good 19th century , but that position was never going to be permanent . 
  what influence around the globe does the uk really need ? 
  as long as we remain an island , as long as we keep an independent nuclear deterrent and part of nato , as long as we keep strong diplomatic ties with the free world , as long as we keep a figurehead ( embarrassing but somewhat impressive ) monarchy , a sense of humour , wonderful pop music , tv and literature but terrible weather and cuisine , then that is enough influence for me . 
  i agree with you : the swiss have a great deal . 
  i am not sure if britain will ever quite be a britzerland , but i think britain can have a good deal too . 
  i think the scottish referendum is a good thing . 
  i think it is somewhat a shame ( for scottish nationalists ) that the leaders of `` yes '' have argued poorly ( e.g. 
  in relation to something as basic as currency ) . 
  during the last ten years eastern europe ( taken as a whole ) has grown faster than norway , sweden and denmark . 
  but by the same argument , the uk is already irrelevant because it is a lot smaller than the us . 
  the us and china already have much bigger economies than the uk and india will also overtake us at some stage in the near future . 
  it might be the case that the eu , absent the uk , does really consolidate and progress economically , but that is by no means certain . 
  even if it does , does this really matter for the uk ? 
  the uk can ( and should ) have good political and economic relations with as much of the world as is possible . 
  outside the eu the uk can still have good relations with the eu , the us , india , the anglosphere and perhaps also with china and russia . 
  in fact , for eu federalists , the uk leaving is about the best thing tang could happen to the eu . 
  in many respects integration will become easier . 
  the eea might be a good arrangement for the uk too . 
  in any case , the eea is not the reason for norway 's social model . 
  oops !, 
  i should n't have forgotten them . 
  i was in contact with croatia today about how they are implementing eu securities law ... 
   most of the northern countries do social policies way better than us . 
  it 's true that sweden , denmark , norway etc do social policies better than us , but this to me is n't really to do with the eu . 
  they did this better than us even before they joined the eu . 
  and norway are n't even in the eu . 
  and much of southern europe that is in the eu does n't have better social policies than us anyway ... 
   no , it 's utter nonsense . 
  no seat , no vote , not even observers or other employees to give a british perspective -- that is a gigantic difference . 
  and that does n't even include the informal influence that develops through personal connections of representatives and officials . 
  i 'm not talking just about influence in the eu ( as this is not the only relevant consideration ) i am talking about influence everywhere , in the uk , in europe and across the whole globe . 
  what is the difference between that total influence that we have as a member of the eu and that total influence we have not being a member of the eu ? 
  that 's the relevant question . 
   nah , by your reasoning , scotland might as well leave the uk since it has barely any influence anyway . 
  actually , any small part of any bigger place should do that . 
  and arguably scotland might as well leave the uk , i agree . 
  this is certainly an important discussion and there are aguments for and against and it pleases me that scotland are making this choice . 
  certainly peoples should be able to decide their own destiny and this is why i hope the uk gets to decide on whether to stay in the eu . 
   regardless , i find working or voting for a party that knowingly exacerbates the very issues it decries very dubious , to say the least . 
  obviously there is no perfect political party and we all have to make compromises at the ballot box and find ourselves voting for the `` least worse '' option !, 
  but in simplistic terms ukip have a political objective to leave the eu and they represent people that want that political objective and they are open about this . 
  to do things that support this objective does not really strike me as dubious . 
  it strikes me as representative democracy . 
   since this , by all means , not reasoning , i guess the saying is right , `` you ca n't reason a person out of a position they did n't reason themselves into . '', 
  - obviously even someone like me recognises that there are both costs and benefits to being in the eu . 
  - in my view the costs are greater than the benefits . 
  - your counter-argument is that it is partly my fault that costs are high and the benefits are low . 
  - my counter-counter argument is that even if i did everything in my power to increase benefits and decrease costs , the costs would still outweight the benefits . 
  so , therefore , the only rational option is to leave the eu . 
  and if in order to achieve that , in the interim the costs increase still further , that is unfortunate but necessary collateral . 
  - so i think my position is a reasoned one . 
  you and i just disagree on what the costs and the benefits are . 
   perhaps mate but the point is that since a lot of foreign companies are in britain precisely to get access to the eu when we leave so will they . 
  some are and some are n't and there really is a lot of hyperbole on this point from proeuers . 
  a lot of the people arguing that business would leave if we left the eu also argued that business would leave if we kept the pound . 
  that turned out not to be true . 
  companies take many factors into consideration when deciding where to locate . 
  think of how many multinational companies there are located in switzerland . 
   there usually is a law for everything in germany . 
  ( where would it lead if we had not ? 
  / s ) i 'm a bit reminded of that old saying : - in britain everything is allowed unless it is expressly forbidden . 
  - in germany everything is forbidden unless it is expressly allowed . 
  - in france everything is allowed even if it is expressly forbidden . 
  - in russia everything is forbidden even if it is expressly allowed . 
  there is some truth in that . 
   the eu does n't run on `` 1 country , 1 vote . '', 
  britain is or could be as powerful as france . 
  it has the population , the cultural weight and the economy . 
  agreed . 
  though i think my point still stands that the difference between the uk 's potential influence from within the eu and the uk 's influence from outside the eu is not as gigantic as all that . 
   it simply chooses to be weaker , for example by electing meps who wo n't even show up when things important to the uk are decided , among other things ( all from @britinfluence ) . 
  most of the items listed in your link , ftt , bankers bonuses , whether there should be a single seat for the european parliament can not be controlled by the uk whatever the uk does . 
  as a ukip voter , i do n't think of myself as voting for people to represent the uk in europe . 
  i am voting for people to try and push the uk towards the exit . 
  though , truth be known , i came very close to trying to be selected by ukip for this may 's european elections and personally , were i an mep , i would attend every vote going . 
  ( in the end for professional reasons i decided not to put my name forward ) . 
   the german guidelines for first names germany has guidelines for first names ? 
  i do n't think the uk has any guidelines on first names and in general you are free to call people anything . 
  i do n't think it would be illegal in the uk to call your child `` wikileaks '' . 
   if you take a position similar to switzerland or norway you would be forced to enact the relevant eu regulations without having any say in their creation . 
  how can such a situation be more favourable than your current one ? 
  currently the uk , as one member state among 27 , only has a small voice in the creation of legislation and the framing of rules . 
  even at the moment the uk is forced to enact legislation in cases where it disagrees on that legislation . 
  the difference between 1/27 and 0/26 is a small difference . 
  outside the eu the uk can also avoid other parts of the eu like justice , cap , fisheries and so forth . 
   the money currently situated in the uk - that comes from european institutions - would just flood to frankfurt within months of the uk exiting , crippling your most important economic sector . 
  money situated in the uk does n't come from eu institutions though ? 
  it comes because the uk is a global financial centre and in many respects the global financial centre . 
  frankfurt really is n't london 's peer . 
  london 's peers are new york and latterly singapore . 
  frankfurt is in an entirely different league . 
   the alternativ would be agreeing to a trade deal that will be very unfavourable for the uk and heavyly skewed to the eu , since your barganing power is so low . 
  i realise that there are some europeans that do n't like the idea of the uk prospering outside the eu .
