  better for whom ? 
  this probably represents a cultural and values difference as well . 
  most eu countries dislike uncertainty more than the uk does . 
  i think the next couple of weeks we should all continue with our celebrations and then after that we should start with our plans . 
   if the eu is a bad thing for your country then six months should be a huge problem . 
  in the grand scheme of things we will of course leave , but it does not make sense to begin the process until the british government and civil service create a comprehensive plan with a negotiating strategy . 
  that is what we are waiting for . 
   everybody here forgets cameron proposed this referendum which now appears no one wanted . 
  most british people wanted this referendum . 
   i think you misunderstood completely what he meant . 
  which is the cowardice of johnson and farage , who now that the going will get tough , flee from responsibility . 
  johnson wanted to become pm but was blindsided by gove . 
  farage does n't have responsibility because he is not part of the uk government and is never going to become part of the uk government . 
  this episode shows a massive disconnect between the eu and the uk . 
  in the eu it seems that people are angry that johnson has pulled out of the tory leadership and farage has resigned as leader of ukip . 
  in the uk most people are not very surprised , but are pleased . 
  this kind of political catharsis is a good thing , not a bad thing . 
   teh eu is a terrible thing !, 
  lets get out !, 
  6 months later : hooray we 've won the referendum now lets stay in as long as possible !, 
  no , we will of course get out , but it is important to get out in the right way . 
  an extra six months is not significant in the grand scheme of things . 
   that 's might well be true but it is not the point here . 
  to me it is the whole point . 
  in the long run , brexit will encourage the democratic process everywhere . 
  it will force people on both sides of the channel to ask questions that up until now they have not really been asking . 
  this is a great opportunity which we should enjoy and make the most of . 
   there are issues and events you can not plan for but ukip had over a decade to come up with a plan for a brexit . 
  are you seriously suggesting that if ukip had put in place a comprehensive plan that the british government should now be implementing the ukip plan ? 
  ukip are not the government and it is likely that the british government would not agree with that plan . 
  ukip have the same power now as they had before the referendum . 
  it would have been totally misleading for ukip to have written a plan they have no power to implement . 
   your politicians are running around like headless chicken at this moment . 
  none of the candidates for nr . 
  10 has a cohesive plan for the brexit . 
  there is no need to rush . 
  we can develop a plan as time goes on . 
  the important thing is to get things right and see how things develop overseas /, 
   this is something completely different ? 
  farage & co. never had a serious interest in reforming the eu , they just wanted to get out of it . 
  the best way for the eu to reform is for the uk to vote to leave . 
  i envisage eu reform as far more likely now than i envisaged it before brexit . 
  you 're welcome, 
   a follow-up plan if they get elected . 
  we have just had a referendum not an election . 
  nobody has been elected that was n't already elected /, 
   if you are the one advocating for a drastic change , you can be expected to have a plan for this scenario . 
  no matter if you are in charge or not . 
  i was advocating for drastic change , but i am not the government . 
  unsurprisingly , the government has not called me up asking me for my plan . 
  the government is still the government . 
  it would not have been right for anyone on the leave side to have advocated a specific plan because we have no power to implement it . 
  however , i think it is good that there is no plan right now . 
  i think it makes sense to wait until the autumn and the new prime minister is in place . 
  in the long run , that will be in the best interests of the uk and the eu . 
   the calais deal is hardly part of `` existing orthodoxy '' - it 's an arrangement of convenience , not some kind of structural underpinning of the existing order . 
  rightly it should be questioned to see whether it is actually convenient or not . 
  the fact that it is now being questioned more openly , as a result of brexit , is of course a great thing . 
   nor is there any sign whatsoever that brexit has led people to challenge existing economic orthodoxy in the uk - on the contrary , we 're seeing a tory leadership battle in which each candidate is trying to outdo the other in their adherence to existing orthodoxy . 
  what is great is that the uk chancellor is already talking about reducing corporation tax , which would make it closer to the irish position . 
  we also have had intimations that france wants to reduce corporation tax too . 
  this kind of race to the top has been helped by brexit . 
   meanwhile , if support for the eu is the `` existing orthodoxy '' that needs challenge in your view , and referendums the way to do it , surely by your lights the willingness to challenge orthodoxy has actually diminished . 
  i think it is early days to see whether or not in the long run people in other member states will want referendums or not . 
  it might be the case ( though it would surprise me ) that everyone in the netherlands , denmark , sweden etc becomes massively euphile and wants to more referendums and instead for their to be a whole new treaty with massive amounts of federalism . 
  if so , the catalyst for this will have been brexit . 
  if people in denmark and sweden now want to join the euro etc , so be it . 
   i know that you 're rather heavily predisposed to see brexit positives , but you seem to me to be combining cherry-picking and special pleading rather more than usual here . 
  no , i genuinely think this is a wonderful opportunity for britain and the whole of europe and we are starting to see the welcome benefits of wider conversations in our democracies . 
   somehow i 'm not sure endorsements by boris johnson and nick griffin are helping her case very much . 
  support by boris does help her . 
  the people that choose the next pm are ( i ) conservative mps and ( ii ) conservative party members . 
  these people on the whole like boris . 
   no mention of jupp\u00e9 's views on the calais uk border deal , i see - could it be that it failed to fit the narrative ? 
  in my view juppe 's comments about calais are part of the same narrative ; politicians and peoples in a post-brexit world being more ready to challenge existing orthodoxy . 
  this is a good thing in my view and one of the reasons why i campaigned for brexit . 
  it ultimately leads people to debate the underlying issues more forcefully , which is good for democracy . 
   deutsche bank is backed by the german federal republic . 
  our government can not let them die . 
  they wo n't die but they will have to bailed in by the bondholders ( under eu law ) . 
  that is going to be the tricky bit as bail-in legislation in the eu is currently untested and people are n't sure how well it will work out . 
   europeans equate the eu with europe politically because the term `` europe '' alone , without the eu , means nothing politically . 
  that has all changed now . 
   no , it was a vote against the eu specifically . 
  this . 
  the question on the ballot paper could not have been clearer . 
  more than 17 million people in the eu 's second largest economy went to the polling station a week ago , reflected on the european union and decided to leave it . 
  think about that for a second . 
   but when you look at polls about why people voted leave , they overwhelmingly name immigration as the reason . 
  actually , this is not really true . 
  [ there is polling suggested that the main reason was democracy/sovereignty . 
  ] ( http://lordashcroftpolls.com/2016/06/how-the-united-kingdom-voted-and-why/ )  i also do n't think the disenfranchised labour voters from low income regions or old people everywhere subscribe to libertarian/globalist ideals . 
  they probably do n't . 
  but i think that they do subscribe to the principle that our government should be answerable to us . 
   the referendum , as with many of the populist movements across the eu , in effect was a vote against globalization . 
  problem is , globalization is more akin to a force of nature than something you can vote on . 
  actually , many people of the leading lights in the leave side ( in particular the people that ran vote leave ) have libertarian/globalist ideals . 
   wo n't need them for the next + / -2 years after ( and if ) article 50 is activated . 
  it will definitely be activated and i am sure our favourite dutch friends will follow us soon , 
   we would have to break eu .
