   youve changed your tune quickly trucidator , from this `` currently the uk 's immigration policy is to prioritise unskilled people from the eu over skilled people from outside the eu '' to the above . 
  this is the same thing . 
  it is easier to immigrate to the uk from the eu if you are unskilled , then if you are skilled from other parts of the world . 
   so you do think scots welsh and n irish nationals should be only allowed into england if theyre skilled enough then ? 
  do n't be insane please . 
  they are in the same country . 
  the eu is not a country . 
  nobody wants it to be a country . 
   are we leaving the eea or not trucidator ? 
  answer the damn question . 
  i hope we will leave it , but i am not the government . 
   it does n't only depend of your will but their too . 
  by leaving eu you are lowering their will due to the fact it is easier to move to an eu country then a non-eu and that your eu citizens rights are guarantee within eu and not outside . 
  there is no shortage of people wanting to move to the uk . 
  currently it is the most popular destination in the eu . 
  just like canada and australia , which are able to attract highly skilled immigrants , the uk will be able to do this too . 
  obviously , if people do n't want to come to the uk , they wo n't have to . 
   the uk is literally about to boot out many skilled foreign teachers , nurses and other workers because they earn less than # 35k a year !, 
  once the uk leaves the eu , we will hopefully put in place a better immigration policy . 
   yeah , yeah , yeah , i 've read your other comments in this thread ... 
  which is why i find your slightly sarcastic remark somewhat peculiar . 
  it is as if you find it offensive that someone wants to use sovereignty to have a fair immigration policy . 
  i would have thought you would welcome it and agree it is sensible and ethical . 
   i assume we have different opinions on welcoming but i wish you good luck with your way forward . 
  my idea of welcoming is the kind of country where hundreds of thousands of people from other countries come to live . 
  my own personal life could not be more international . 
  today i have worked with a business development manager from hungary and lawyers working in my office from australia and the other staff in my firm are from a range of global destinations . 
  as i go about my daily life i constantly meet many people in the uk who come from all over the world . 
  i am sorry you did n't feel welcome in the uk , but you must understand that the uk quite rightly welcomes hundreds of thousands of people from other parts of the world . 
  we do not force them to come , they choose to come . 
  we must be doing something right . 
   sovereignty unchained !, 
  many people in the uk would love the uk to have a fair immigration policy , which considered skills rather than nationality . 
  hopefully once the uk leaves the eu that is what the uk will do . 
  it works very well in canada and australia , and i think it would work well in the uk too . 
   you pretty much personify why i do not want to stay in the uk . 
  it 's not about being a welcoming place for people , it 's about being a slave to the country . 
  all countries have laws which benefit the country . 
  that is called being a country . 
   you pretty much personify why i do not want to stay in the uk . 
  it 's not about being a welcoming place for people , it 's about being a slave to the country . 
  the uk is very welcoming , which is why so many people come to the uk . 
   that 's not the uk 's immigration policy but a complete figment of your imagination . 
  can you even source this claim ? 
  your arse does n't count . 
  anyone from the eu can come to the uk to look for work whatever their skills . 
  from other parts of the world they ca n't . 
  this is very regrettable . 
  once we leave the eu we should make our immigration policy much fairer . 
  perhaps you favour europeans over africans ? 
  i do n't . 
  i think our immigration policy should be based on skills . 
  you think it should be based on nationality . 
   compared to the rest of world , education in the eu is still quite good . 
  you will also loose lot of skilled worker from eu countries . 
  no we would n't . 
  if we wanted them to come , they would come . 
   never said it would . 
  but it stops people you want to have , not people that go to the uk because their life at home is worse . 
  the main immigration to the uk is indians , pakistani , and eu citizens . 
  the immigration statistic for indians and pakistani is not particularly impressive given how many of them come on family reunification or asylum . 
  eu immigration is even easier as you pointed out . 
  it would be interesting how many of the people you personally actually want in the country actually are in the country . 
  yes , once the uk leaves the eu we will focus more on having the people we actually want in the country to come in , which i consider to be an improvement . 
   it is a problem for the people who want to live there . 
  obviously it 's not a problem for the uk . 
  the uk 's immigration policy should be for the uk , not for the people that want to live there . 
   again , it deters the people you apparently want to have . 
  i consider myself and my wife belonging into that category but we deliberately decided to settle elsewhere . 
  i am sorry that you and your wife had a bad experience . 
  once we leave the eu hopefully we will put in place a better immigration policy which will make you want to return . 
  wow - did we just beat everyone apart from the slovaks ? 
   the entire european history of the uk is about isolation . 
  a global empire is not the same as being globalist . 
  not really . 
  the uk during the 20th century has not been isolationist , being heavily involved in the three main conflicts , ww1 , ww2 , cold war . 
  the uk had a policy of splendid isolation for a few decades during the nineteenth century . 
  before that it was heavily involved in european affaires , having alliances , trading links and connections with various parts of europe . 
   i do n't care at all what the level of immigration into the uk is . 
  however , a government designing an immigration policy has to consider this . 
  currently , the immigration level in the uk is very high . 
   \u2022 you are severely disadvantaged as a foreigner where the amount of money you pay to the state and the services you receive will never come close to what a citizen makes . 
  really ? 
  it does not stop hundreds of thousands of people coming to the uk . 
   \u2022 the british residency permit is one of the weakest . 
  it only gives you access to the uk and northern ireland as the uk opted out of schengen . 
  compare this to any residency permit anywhere else in the eu ( ignoring ireland ) and you can see how bad this is . 
  people on passports that require visas to the eu can not just spend a weekend elsewhere without having to apply to a visa . 
  that is not a problem for us . 
  the uk actually gets a lot of tourists and people on short-term business trips . 
   \u2022 the risk of residency in the uk is significant due to the monetary requirements . 
  if you have a car accident and you 're unable to work , you will be deported no matter how many years you worked in the uk . 
  it 's a high risk proposition to build up a life in the uk . 
  it does not stop hundreds of thousands of people moving to the uk every year . 
   unless you work in finance or something similar which significantly overpays you from the average , so that you can save up enough money to live years in the uk even without work , you will always have the feeling that you are there on a temporary basis only . 
  i disagree . 
  there are many many poorly paid people working in the uk who have been here for years and will never go back . 
   still less then most other big financial centre , no ? 
  no sarcasms , real question . 
  i heard that us and eu have been regulated after the last crisis but not london .
