  for example , the most prominent opt-outs that the uk has are out of the euro and out of schengen . 
  but it is absurd for the eurozone to be annoyed with the uk 's opt out here . 
  the uk being out of the eurozone does not harm the eurozone . 
  it makes perfect sense for the eurozone and the uk to have different currencies , becausse the people in the eurozone and the people in the uk want different currencies . 
  we can both get exactly what we want . 
  [ at the exact same time that the eu has finally woken up to the urgent need to deepen capital markets activity in the eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/finance/capital-markets-union/index_en.htm ) some member states including germany and france are actively pursuing a tax which will decrease capital markets activity . 
  this is plain insane . 
   eu laws treat eu as a whole . 
  naturally , some laws will hurt you more than they will help you , because the targeted beneficiary of the law is the eu as a whole . 
  which eu laws have hurted germany and france more than they have helped them ? 
   that is why people keep repeating this to you : british want only the good stuff and coup-outs on the bad stuff , because it is so basic in your line of thought that you do n't even see what you 're doing wrong what is the `` bad stuff '' that the uk is opting out of ? 
  any specific examples of this `` bad stuff '' ? 
  just to clarify , i did n't say that this show will make the uk leave the eu , but this kind of thing . 
  over the next couple of years we will see a great deal more of this kind of thing . 
  in what way does this keep benefits for brits ? 
  thanks . 
  i am aware you are not describing your own position , but a position that others hold . 
  i do n't think that there are any brits that actually would propose a deal that limits free movement for reuropeans but keeps it for brits . 
  i 've not seen that expressed anywhere and i have seen no politician at all call for it . 
  i think you are mistaken in this . 
  i think the whole `` the uk wants all the advantages but none of the disadvantages '' meme has no basis in reality . 
  i can not think of any disadvantages that germany or france have accepted that the uk has not accepted . 
  advantages and disadvantages are subjective , but the uk is correct not to want to get disadvantages for the uk . 
  which disadvantages does germany want to have for germany ? 
  it seems odd that germany should want disadvantages . 
  the ftt was not going to happen at eu level because most eu countries do n't want it , not just the uk , which is why only a minority of eu counties are going ahead with it . 
  obviously , ireland and luxembourg are completely against it , they just relied on the uk to say `` no '' loudly for them . 
  ( it gets very tiring for the uk to have to be the country that is the voice of reason when many other countries stay silent . ), 
  a ftt just limited to the eu would also not work in the same way that one limited to germany would n't work . 
  capital is very global . 
  people would just structure deals out of the eu as often as possible and the uk would be very harmed . 
  separately , the policy of ftt makes no sense in the context of the eu 's new capital markets union , which is designed to encourage capital markets in the eu . 
  the ftt is a politically motivated tax proposed by people who do n't understand finance to try to harm the uk 's financial industry . 
  this kind of thing is why i am voting `` no '' in the referendum . 
  germans should n't be annoyed that brits get opt outs . 
  germans are happy that they have the euro and are happy that they are in schengen , whereas brits are happy to be out of both . 
  this way we both get what we want . 
  for germans to be annoyed that brits have opt-outs seems as crazy as it would be for brits to be annoyed that germans do n't have opt-outs . 
  as for the financial transactions tax , the reason this is progressing so slowly is because the participating member states ( less than half of eu member states ) ca n't agree on how to implement it . 
  however , i am happy for germany to tax german financial transactions , if germans want that . 
  edit - why do people downvote this kind of stuff ? 
  what did i write that made people downvote ? 
  debate the issues rather than downvoting , please . 
  this kind of stuff makes a `` no '' vote more likely . 
  it makes `` no '' voters more motivated and makes some `` undecideds '' tend towards `` no '' . 
  it also makes most `` yes '' voters less motivated . 
  i do n't think it is just the queen . 
  i think william , kate and harry have done a lot for the popularity of the monarchy . 
  compared to before either the conservatives one the election , making the referendum certain , or before cameron announced the policy . 
  it is already uncertain . 
  i work in finance in the city of london . 
  business is not harmed . 
  uk should do this too . 
  yeah , i guess brits often do n't think of the uk as a kind of place where you can have a nice holiday and do tourism stuff !, 
  i think of the uk and italy as being similar sized countries , with similar sized populations , similar sized economies . 
  but italy is in a totally different league when it comes to sunshine , the sea , mountains , food , wine , art history and so forth . 
  so it just seems to me to be incredible that the uk can get more money from tourism ... 
  i find it really surprising that the uk is ahead of italy on this list . 
  not what i was expecting ... 
  presumably portugal thinks that the euro is a good thing for portugal ? 
  if they think it is a bad thing for portugal and they still want it , they must be insane . 
  ( this makes me a bit sad because the anglo-portguese alliance is the oldest in the world . ), 
  in any case , this is not the uk 's fault and does n't mean that the uk should accept bad things about the eu . 
  economic consequences will result from the trading arrangements put in place post-brexit ( which are uncertain ) . 
  both sides would want to put in place trading arrangements to ensure that trade is not damaged . 
   which would be economically disastrous for the eu and the uk . 
  it wo n't be economically disastrous for either . 
  trade will continue . 
  yes , the uk will hopefully get to this position soon . 
   it 's the uk way : get the good parts of the eu , do n't get the bad parts of the eu . 
  yes , that makes sense . 
  why would we want the bad things ? 
  what bad things has portugal accepted ? 
   yes and uk , france and germany all have the same number of seat in the parliament so we are underrepresented . 
  no , germany has more meps in the european parliament . 
   the currency was depreciated about a year and a half ago . 
  i think this is one of its results . 
  so ... if you want to buy imported stuff you get less , but averaged accross population we might be slightly better off . 
  if the pace keeps up , it will be well worth it . 
  once you join the euro you wo n't be able to do this any more . 
   in all seriousness though , why did n't cameron use this channel of communication earlier ? 
  it seemed like he hyped up brexit and the like before having a simple `` define-the-relationship '' conversation with europe . 
  he did n't have a mandate to do it before . 
  after the election he does . 
  yes , i agree , the economic union needs to be vastly strengthened in order for monetary union to work . 
  but the uk is not in monetary union and is not joining it . 
  the principle of a two space europe is already there . 
  the eurozone can and must deepen economic integration without the uk . 
  now that we have accepted a europe of different speeds , there is no reason why we ca n't also extend this to diffent areas too - for example defence or foreign policy . 
  there can be countries that want to do this together and countries that do n't . 
   and ? 
  that happens all the time in politics . 
  then you negotiate until you have an acceptable compromise . 
  this happened during the maastricht treaty - the negotiated acceptable compromise was some countries agreeing to join the euro and other countries not agreeing to join . 
  this arrangement works well - everyone gets what they want . 
  it makes sense to extend this principle . 
  the eea is nothing to do with the eurozone . 
  it includes the eu plus norway etc. 
  it is essentially the single market . 
  i agree that the a two tier organisation is arguably a way of streamlining and clarifying the current confusing institutions .
