  agriculture is no different from other industry . 
  it should not be subsidised because subsidies distort the operation of the markets , entrench inefficiency and raise the tax burden . 
  it would n't be political suicide in my view . 
  the consumer lobby is more powerful than the agricultural lobby . 
  i am known as a poster that supported leave in the referendum so whatever i post i tend to get heavily downvoted . 
  it is pointless giving rich people a benefit that they do n't need . 
  when we have other parts of our welfare system that are underfunded , giving winter fuel allowance to millionaires is insane . 
  it is pointless giving rich people a benefit that they do n't need . 
  when we have other parts of our welfare system that are underfunded , giving winter fuel allowance to millionaires is insane . 
  it is pointless giving rich people a benefit that they do n't need . 
  when we have other parts of our welfare system that are underfunded , giving winter fuel allowance to millionaires is insane . 
  it is pointless giving rich people a benefit that they do n't need . 
  when we have other parts of our welfare system that are underfunded , giving winter fuel allowance to millionaires is insane . 
  there are british people all over the world . 
  when you go abroad , you consent to live under the laws of those jurisdictions . 
  germany is a liberal democracy . 
  i am happy to let germany decide the rights that british people living there have . 
  i believe you are capable of making a sensible decision on this front without needing involvement from my country . 
  uk could reduce tariffs to zero . 
  that would give us cheaper food . 
  that would make most sense . 
   the reason why we have to negotiate the status of citizens abroad is n't whether they should be allowed to stay , it 's about all the details that come with that . 
  for example , if a brit on the continent wants to get married to a non-eu citizen , will the spouse get the same status as a non-eu spouse of an eu citizen ? 
  this does n't need to be negotiated . 
  i ca n't understand why we would care what you want to do about this . 
  rich people do n't need social security . 
  as a rich person i would rather not receive benefits and that governments focused on giving them to people who need them . 
  parliament called the election , not the prime minister . 
  they do n't feel poorer because their outgoings are also in pounds . 
  so there is n't a problem . 
   are you telling me that 52 % of the country is a hivemind , united in everything they think ? 
  no , i am telling you that in the general election in three weeks time , about 80 % of the country will vote for parties promising hard brexit . 
  i know , right !, 
  pointing out that countries with high immigration are clearly seen as good places to give gets downvotes !, 
   of course immigrants will still move to the uk , but our leaders are trying hard to stop them . 
  they might even succeed . 
  our leaders are n't trying hard to stop immigrants coming to the uk . 
  i do n't agree with the uk government 's immigration policy . 
  that does not mean that the uk does not remain a very highly desirable country for immigrants or that many immigrants will come to the uk . 
  they wo n't any more than they are deterred from moving to usa or canada . 
   so does most of the eu . 
  actually , very few countries in the eu have as high immigration as the uk , though obviously there are many countries in the eu that are , compared to a lot of the world , very desirable destinations . 
  but not that there are also many countries in the eu have net emigration and declining populations . 
  uk , canada and us have advantage of english language and good job markets when it comes to attracting immigrants . 
   most people do n't think britain will fall into chaos within the next few years , they just believe brexit is going to do them quite some harm . 
  most people do n't think brexit will do them harm . 
  a majority of british people wanted brexit , which is why it is happening . 
  i do n't see any harm at all happening . 
   you make it sound like it was n't them who implemented it in the first place ... 
  the labour party implemented it . 
   but those countries are not aligned on eu in trade or shitholes . 
  with each year that passes , the proportion of uk 's trade with the eu shrinks . 
  uk is also going to have a trade deal with the eu . 
  there 's no place like home . 
  however , we know that canada , us and uk continue to be places which attract huge numbers of immigrants every year . 
  they must be doing something right . 
  uk will of course be quite similar to the us because we have historic ties , similar culture , same language , same legal system . 
  of course , we share even more with canada than we do with the us . 
  the point is that being outside the single market is clearly no problem . 
   i think you 're overlooking that life in countries that are n't in the eu 's single market are n't that great to live in comparatively . 
  it really depends on the country . 
  somalia is not too great , but canada is great . 
  which one is the uk going to be more like ? 
   scotland has free university . 
  seems to be working fine for them . 
  maybe the rest of the uk should learn from scotland . 
  make foreigners pay for tuition if necessary ( but not brits ) . 
  scotland does have great universities , but there are some problems with the current policy . 
  because scottish universities are short on funds , they tend to prefer students from england or outside the eu . 
  this ironically can make it harder for scottish people to go to university in scotland . 
   the reason for the ` triple lock ' being controversial is that most voters who swing elections either already profit from it , or will within the next parliament or two . 
  i am pleased that the tories are committed to getting rid of it . 
  i think it is poor policy . 
  that is one good thing about the tories being very dominant , they can do difficult things that previously they were not able to do . 
  hard brexit is n't insanity , it is what most people want . 
  most countries in the world are not in the single market or the customs union . 
  uk will be like most countries in the world . 
  given that they have never asked the uk for him i think we are lacking evidence here . 
  uk has extradition arrangements with us . 
  sweden has extradition arrangements with us . 
  sweden has extradition arrangements with uk . 
  sweden asked the uk to extradite assange . 
  uk began proceedings , as per law . 
  sweden apparently no longer wants him . 
  uk will no longer extradite him to sweden . 
  i am not sure what your point is . 
   he hid because the uk was going to extradite him to america . 
  america did not ask the uk for him . 
  sweden did ask for him . 
  uk does not just extradite people to countries randomly . 
  instead there is a legal framework . 
  https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/internationalmigration this is the most recent data . 
   immigration did drop in 2011-2012 this was a function primarily of economic circumstances in the uk . 
   and is dropping again now . 
  looking at the latest data from the ons , net immigration to the uk remains very high and significantly higher than france for example . 
  there are few countries in the western world that get as high immigration as the uk . 
  i find it a bit curious that you are worried about the uk not getting enough immigrants - are you not worried about france , italy , spain , the whole of eastern europe all of which get fewer immigrants and in some cases have net emigration ? 
   laws matter in the organization of economical activity . 
  ultimately the financial industry is a service provider to other industries , and they 'll go where their customers are . 
  customers can be anywhere in the entire globe when it comes to financial and professional services .
