   attacks on other users are not allowed . 
   constitutional law is n't my speciality , but considering the 2005 eu consitution referendum and the following lisbon treaty , i 'm positive a vote by the higher and lower assemblies in a congress would be enough to do virtually anything . 
  even if french constitutional law does not require a referendum ( thanks for the answer on that ) surely it is wise to check with the french people whether or not they want such a dramatic change ? 
  in my view if you do not have their full consent , you are just creating some new problems . 
  does france really need the euro ? 
  do n't you sometimes look across the channel and think that if the uk seems to survive with the pound , why you could n't have the franc and do fine ? 
   exit polls just came out , it looks like a no . 
  congratulations to denmark from across the north sea , very happy for you . 
  an island is a good thing , not a bad thing ... 
   trucidator is a troll please stop breaking the rules of the subreddit . 
  many thanks . 
   and i sincerely hope that , if the germans refuse the idea of a political governance of the euro via a parliament of the eurozone it will be interesting to see if dutch , french etc would vote for a eurozone parliament . 
  surely france would need a referendum to do this ? 
  i 'm not convinced that this kind of thing is what the french people want , but maybe i am wrong !, 
  europe still has n't recovered from its last several headaches . 
  and yet more keep coming ... 
   thank god you 're not in charge at the ecb . 
  draghi did too little and too late , that 's why we are in this mess . 
  it is one of the reasons for the mess , but unfortunately not the only one . 
  you can have all the qe in the world , but it still does not make sense for countries with very different economies to share a currency without significant fiscal transfer mechanisms . 
   in this particular case the eurozone countries as the uk would be a net contributor . 
  contributor to what ? 
  the eurozone is not a contribution zone . 
  separately , if you think the euro is a burden , why on eurozone countries , then it follows that it did not make sense for them . 
   so now you 're arguing semantics ? 
  there 's a common eu citizenship , you know . 
  you just made up a nationalist definition of democracy to bypass the problem that it 's arbitrary . 
  it is n't arbitrary . 
  it is an intensely important constitiutional question , see for example the various judgments of the german constitutional court on this subject . 
  just because people share legal citizenship , this does not mean that they have a democracy . 
   the color scheme for germany is wrong . 
  to me it looked almost like the colours of the german flag . 
   norway pays less per year to the eu than bulgiaria and we get to protect our agriculture and fisheries . 
  a very good deal indeed . 
  i agree . 
  i think norway has a better deal than the uk . 
  however , it still is n't quite the deal i would like the uk to have . 
  i would prefer the uk not to be in the eea at all . 
   these membership fees are way lower than yours though . 
  lucky them . 
   i do n't get what your fairy tale example tries to demonstrate . 
  i 'm simply showing you that opt outs do n't cause harm and are n't unfair . 
  why is it unfair that the uk has the pound and france has the euro ? 
  who is this unfair on ? 
   nice and all , but you still have n't made the case for why the level of national democracy trumps , that 's entirely arbitrary . 
  if it 's that you 're just a nationalist , got it . 
  democracy should be at the level of the demos . 
  it is inherent in the concept . 
  certainly , imposing something on the danish people something that they do n't want is hugely problematic for anyone that cares about democracy . 
  france does not want an opt-out of the euro . 
  they love the euro and think it has helped their economy . 
  so , it is fair . 
  if in the future french people changed their mind and wanted out of the euro , of course we would all support their national democracy . 
  obviously we would not inpose on a people something they did n't want . 
  it is n't unfair . 
  some countries want opt outs , some do n't . 
  not everyone wants the same things . 
  it is n't a problem if people want different things . 
  if the uk wants the pound , but france wants the euro , what is the problem ? 
  both are equal because both have the currency they want . 
  if one has to have a currency it does not want , then they are not equal . 
  this is exactly why denmark should vote no . 
  to confirm to the eu that their national democracy can not be overriden . 
  also , the attitude of euphiles really sucks . 
  we actually have huge respect for you national democracy and you ability to make decisions for yourself . 
  we admire this . 
  this is a totally different thing from equality before the law , which is what you originally wrote . 
  it is important for different countries to have different things , because different people want different things . 
  ultimately we have to respect national democracies and not overriding them . 
  also , some for the things that the eu has like the euro are harmful for many members . 
  it is odd to want countries to suffer . 
  i still do n't understand what you are talking about . 
  do you mean that you do n't want denmark to have any opt-outs ? 
  or do you mean something different . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  denmark has equality before the law . 
  uk -- most british country in the world . 
  have you been to new zealand ? 
  they are more british than the uk . 
   in 100 years they are going to exterminate one of the last pre indo-european languages that exists . 
  good job spain and france , after 800 years you are going to win . 
  fuck you they are n't really going to win . 
  we will exterminate their languages too . 
   i 'd be kind of pissed off about this , if i was a citizen of just about any other country in the union . 
  no , i 'm cool with it . 
  i respect your national democracy . 
  very sensible people , danes . 
  are you against airstrikes against isis in iraq ? 
  what matters is what works . 
  the current sitution works . 
  if it works , there is no point trying to fix it . 
  it is important for the government to retain the power to go to war without consulting parliament , because it wo n't always be practical to check with parliament . 
  this occurred when argentina invaded the falkands , there was n't time . 
  however when there is time , the government does consult parliament ( as happened today ) . 
  it is n't a question of `` revoke '' because parliament have never had this power . 
  however , it parliament wanted it , they could legislate for it . 
  parliament has never done this . 
  there are circumstances where there just is n't time . 
  when there is time , it is good for parliament to be consulted . 
  we are already bombing isis in iraq .
