  as a londoner , i am more than happy to send my pounds to northern ireland and other parts of the uk that might need it . 
  not happy to send much of it to random rich countries in europe . 
  i am happy to send it to refugees in turkey and lebanon , i am happy to send it to fight ebola etc. 
  obviously , i respect your desire for the eurozone not to become a fiscal union . 
  exactly because of the lack of strong institutions and the lack of shared sense of common destiny , it wo n't work . 
  the somewhat sad thing is that i am currently having a discussion with / u/dddms an italian who believes that a fiscal union will happen and has no plan b for when it wo n't happen . 
  at some stage you probably need to tell him . 
   i do n't think this is about the possibility of a fiscal union , but it may be me not fully understanding it . 
  this article would need to be changed before a fiscal union was put in place . 
  obviously , the treaties can be changed , but only by unanimity . 
  i agree that article 125 is not written completely clearly and that there are different interpretations of it . 
  [ but there is a lot of interesting comment from serious commentators calling it `` the no bail out '' clause . 
  ] ( http://openeuropeblog.blogspot.co.uk/2010/01/to-bail-out-or-not-to-bail-out-that-is.html ) there have been various interesting court cases about the exact extent of this article , but as it is currently written it prevents eurobonds and the kind of fiscal transfer architecture that is really needed . 
   how about greece 's bailout ? 
  is n't that a violation of this article ? 
  greece 's debts were transferred from banks to the eurozone taxpayer . 
  none of the debts were written off by the eurozone taxpayer . 
   yes , i 'm italian . 
  and yes , i understand that the situation we 're in is not the eu 's fault , it 's our fault ( or , well , our politicians ' ) . 
  the main fault is your own politicians , i agree . 
  it was irresponsible of them to sign you up to the eurozone . 
  neither my country nor your country has an economy that matches the german economy , so it makes no sense for us to share a currency with them . 
  but this does not mean it really makes sense for you to stay in the euro . 
  the eurozone needs to be changed and currently these changes are n't really happening . 
  which makes me come back to the original question , which at some stage you are going to need to answer . 
  how long will you wait ? 
  and what will you do if a fiscal union is not created ? 
   just needs to happen via pay cuts or layoffs and rehirings at a lower rate . 
  this has already been done and the problem is still not solved . 
   do n't think germany & co did n't think of the possibility of a fiscal union , i honestly find it hard to believe . 
  they did think about it , decided they did not want it , then made sure that the treaties specifically were written to make a fiscal union illegal and the treaties can only be changed via unanimity . 
  see article 125 of the treaty of functioning of the european union . 
  then they told the people in their countries it would never happen . 
   i do n't think there 's a plan for that . 
  maybe start thinking about that plan ? 
  or how much longer are you going to wait for fiscal union ? 
  there are french , german and dutch elections this year - we will see if any of the new governments are in favour of fiscal unions . 
  it sounds like they wo n't be . 
  none of them are talking about it still . 
  they needed to start talking about it years ago . 
   people will get gradually poorer and angrier , and the whole project will collapse i genuinely wish you all the very best with this project , especially if you are italian , a country that i have lived in and love . 
  but sometimes you need to be realistic and accept that the emperor really is wearing no clothes . 
   the devil in the details here is , however , the greek dependency on a large slice of imports ( agricultural products , medicine , energy etc ) . 
  that would become a serious issue for ordinary people with an independent drachma . 
  because that currency would drop in value like a stone dropped from a cliff and would make imports seriously more expensive . 
  imports would become more expensive , but the damage caused by being unable to compete because of an overvalued currency is far more harmful to exports than the damage caused by the increased cost of imports because of a correctly valued currency . 
   i agree that something as big as the fiscal union needs unanimity , but at the same time i aknowledge that a handful of nations opposing it would n't be fair for the rest of the union . 
  germans and others were promised that when they signed up for the euro , there would be no fiscal union . 
  i am not sure how you are going to get them to change their mind on this . 
  also , what is your plan if they never agree to a fiscal union ? 
  what is plan b ? 
  wait forever , getting gradually poorer ? 
  people are already angry . 
   total bullshit if this happens after we leave . 
  one of the reasons why i voted leave was because i thought it was the only realistic way of getting the eu to embrace radical reform . 
  the questions they are now addressing are the right ones . 
  brexit really is the gift that keeps on giving . 
   correct . 
  but at the same time greeks did n't ( still do n't ? ), 
  want to leave the ez for reasons i ca n't really understand . 
  maybe it has to do with a fundamental distrust in their own leadership and `` elites '' ... 
  this basically explains why brexit happened but grexit did n't . 
  the british people have more confidence in their own institutions and democracy than in european institutions . 
  with greeks it is the other way round . 
   that presupposes that greece actually has products it could export . 
  last time i checked most of its economy was focused on shipping and tourism , not exactly `` exports '' ... 
  both shipping and tourism are exports for greece . 
  both of these would do better if greece were out of the euro . 
  other products exports would develop as they would become relatively more competitive . 
   our decision-making process is based on unanimity , which basically means we 'll never decide on this point . 
  maybe it 's time to switch to a majority-based system ? 
  one of the reasons for brexit was because people believed that the uk did not have enough sovereignty . 
  the risk of transferring more decisions to a majority-based system ( e.g. 
  as happens now with qmv within the council of ministers in some areas ) is that more people in more countries feel that they have less power over decisions . 
  i think over something so fundamental as fiscal transfers , only unanimity makes sense . 
  but it 's not my union any more - the decisions over how it should be run are for you and not for me . 
  people - stop downvoting this guy just because you do n't like what he has written . 
  traditional debt restructurings of sovereigns have always aimed at ensuring that a country is competitive via devaluations . 
  this must be done in addition to the debt outstanding being written off . 
  the former can only happen when greece leaves the eurozone . 
  the difference is that a country not in the eurozone can devalue , a country in the eurozone ca n't . 
  sorry i was not clear . 
  agree that in any circumstance , greece 's creditors ( i.e tax payers in the eurozone ) have to take a hit . 
  i was simply talking about who has the responsibility to get greece back on its feet after greece defaults . 
  that depends on whether greece stays in the eurozone in my mind . 
  not yet - i could go on ;-), 
  the snp do have some good debaters , that is for sure . 
  i agree that / r/scotland does seem to be far more accepting of different opinions and there is at least some intellectual honesty and curiosity there ... 
  i unsubscribed from there . 
  was basically shown the door and told to get my coat though . 
   if you ever visit now , every thread is the same , anti brexit doom and gloom comments everywhere . 
  unfortunately , despite me being in favour of social media and the internet as a force for sharing a wide range of information and opinion , using the socratic method and trying to challenge oneself and others , unfortunately i have to acknowledge that social media allows people also to totally separate themselves from other views and create a weird kind of echo chamber / false consciousness / circle jerk . 
  this is what has happened in / r/unitedkingdom , in which people compete to see who can be most lefty , euphile , virtuous , constantly re-enforcing and re-affirming this viewpoint . 
  i think / r/ukpolitics does have much more plurality of opinion and also some very informed posters and i do post there sometimes . 
  i still prefer / r/europe because here i am constantly encountering new information and interesting opinion from various forgotten and far corners of our continent . 
  that inevitably happens less in a uk politics sub . 
  they are also one of our favourite neighbouring countries . 
  there seems little appetite to actually debate . 
  right wing views or eusceptic views are met with aggression , derision , fear , hostility , downvotes , bans and the like . 
  / r/europe has its faults , but in general the users are more polite , more informed and more keen to actually encounter and debate with opinions that differ from their own .
