   so insurance scams should be dealth in which country again ? 
  that 's not a civil court law . 
  an insurance scam that takes place within france can be judged by the french criminal law . 
  however , most insurance disputes are not scams . 
   are you saying the best systems in the world are cayman islands and belize ? 
  because that 's where every company wants to put they hqs and that 's where they want to pay taxes . 
  they do have good systems actually . 
   if uk has really good prices , fine . 
  but if french insurers go broke ans unemployed . 
  then there should be a centralised unemployment system and social protection system . 
  french people and british people are not good at the same things . 
  you are artisans , you make things . 
  we are shopkeepers , we sell things . 
  however , there is no reason why france can not have a great economy , by focusing on the things that france does well . 
   no , that makes no sense at all , we do n't choose the laws we abide by , that goes against the whole point of having laws in the first place . 
  in a cross-border transaction in which two counterparties freely enter a transaction , there is no reason why the legal system judging the dispute should be any particular legal system . 
  ultimately it makes most sense for the counterparties to choose which one best suits them ( just as they choose the other aspects to the contract ) . 
  if a german bank lends money to a french company , which legal system should be used ? 
  surely it makes sense for the parties to decide ? 
   i know , but they still have to follow much of eu law , yet have no say in the laws themselves . 
  so you would prefer following many eu laws and having no say to following all and having a say . 
  i find it odd , that 's all . 
  the norwegians and swiss are not required to implement most eu law . 
  technically , they also have a say , they can veto it . 
  the uk can not even veto most eu law . 
   so uhm can i chop a thieve 's hands and say : guys i 'm applying saudi arabian law ? 
  just to clarify , criminal law should be national . 
  however , civil law is already not national . 
  if a french company borrows money from a german bank they can use english law and the english courts . 
  this is already the case . 
  the english legal system is already used by international finance and can be used in many more areas too . 
   they 'll settle in a court in the french guyana or malta . 
  how could i not see how simple this is . 
  if the parties want to use french guyanan or maltese law , why not ? 
  malta actually has a good legal system which i personally would trust . 
   but i agree with you . 
  if you wan na do things like you 're suggesting , then we should have uniformal fiscal laws , insurance clail laws , banking laws , etc. 
  lets go for more integration then . 
  it only makes sense . 
  not really . 
  if you want competition , you also need regulatory competition . 
  if everyone in the eu puts in place the same inefficient fiscal , insurance claim and banking laws , everyone ( especially the consumer ) suffers . 
  different countries should try out different things and then in a market the countries that adopt the less efficient systems will get crowded out by the effient systems . 
  if you want to make french law be used more widely , the answer is to make french law better , rather than try to make english law worse . 
  the eu has a disappointing tendency to over-regulate . 
   switzerland and norway have to abide by many of the eu 's rules while not having a say in them . 
  funny you should mention them as a positive example the swiss people and the norwegian people do n't want to join the eu . 
  they prefer their current arrangements . 
  i would also prefer that arrangement to eu membership , just like the swiss do and just like the norwegians do . 
  however , my choice would be for the uk to negotiate a separate deal with the reu . 
   you didnt say how an insurer from malta will settle an insurance claim in finland . 
  the same way that finnish insurers settle insurance claims in finland . 
  investigate the facts then reach an agreement . 
   in an uk court or in a romanian court ? 
  ultimately it makes sense for the parties to choose the courts and legal systems that they prefer to use from wherever in the world . 
  law is also a service that can be exported globally after all and the uk should try to export it globally . 
   so british citizens want to get insurance deals from romania ? 
  or cyprus ? 
  as a british citizen i am happy to get insurance deals from anywhere in the entire world provided it is a deal i like . 
   what if it 's a shoddy deal ? 
  what if there are complaints ? 
  how will a small insurance company from malta solve an issue in finland and send it 's experts over there ? 
  if it is a shoddy deal and if there are complaints , you do what you currently do , you sue them . 
   be reasonable man . 
  you dont get credits by the phone or solve insurance claims online . 
  increasingly the service sector is moving online . 
  there is a massive growth in crowd-funding and peer-to-peer lending . 
   so you know all the tax brackets , tax exemptions , tax refunds possible in france ? 
  all possible combinations there are ? 
  darn you 're an exceptional person because even i do n't know them . 
  tax laws are not the same as accountancy standards . 
  accountancy standards are much more global than tax laws . 
   everything to gain and nothing to lose . 
  has your hatred towards the eu as it exists nowadays resulted in black and white reasoning ? 
  i 'm simply pointing out that there are many successful countries outside the world that are not in the eu . 
  if switzerland , new zealand , south korea , norway , canada and singapore can succeed , why ca n't the uk ? 
  listen to yourself :  the eu should call cameron his bluff and let him find out what kind of chaos and barriers a loss of membership would entail . 
   there will be damage for all parties involved , which is why these kind of politics should not be held in high regard by anyone . 
  cameron is maybe even deliberately ostracizing the uk populace to serve the interests of his sponsors , instead of his own people . 
  cameron 's sponsors are the uk population . 
  he serves us . 
  as one of his sponsors , i think he has not gone far enough and think he should have pushed for a much more extensive repatriation . 
   the eu should call cameron his bluff and let him find out what kind of chaos and barriers a loss of membership would entail . 
  the uk has nothing to lose and everything to gain from not being a member of the eu . 
  look at successful countries around the world that are not in the eu . 
  the uk will be like them . 
   but is hardly likely to capture all the business everywhere , for example in areas like law uk can clean up across the continent with law . 
  already half of the top ten law firms in paris are uk originated firms for example . 
  the legal systems that international finance prefer are english law and new york law . 
  that fact , coupled with the english language , gives english lawyers a big advantage . 
   also , consider that your services will incur some currency conversion fees , so the services provided by the uk will be at the disadvantage anyway . 
  uk services are so much advanced of most of the rest that even with any currency conversion fees they will be competitive . 
  1386 , treaty of windsor , best year of my life , never forget . 
   if cameron somehow pulls this off and gets the concessions , the corresponding thread on here will be hilarious . 
  fingers crossed !, 
  then imagine the thread if the renegotiation succeeds , but the uk votes to leave ... 
   there is plenty of foreign banks and insurance companies in poland and i do n't think they have any problem operating in a true single market for services they would be able to operate in poland without having an office there . 
  they could just offer banking and insurance services online and by telephone . 
   as for lawyers and accountants unless the mentioned project is about unification of the whole law , the experience and competitiveness on grounds of uk civil and tax law is pretty useless when it comes to national law of every eu country . 
  accountancy standards are pretty much global .
