  i guess if sanctions impacted the uk economy badly , then perhaps brits would have been more against them . 
  however , russia is not a very important trading partner of the uk and we also have low unemployment at the moment . 
  so i think most brits were happy with them and i think most of us think that russia deserved the sanctions . 
  the uk is not involved in immigration quota because the uk has an opt out from most justice and home affairs matters . 
  it seems like the countries that have do n't have an opt out will reject it . 
  i loved it when london hosted the olympics , which was n't at all a nightmare ... 
  that would have been economically sensible . 
  however , the euro was never an economic project , it was a political project . 
   fun fact : granting loans below below normal market conditions ( like greece is receiving right now ) is also a form of money transfer , something which was expressly forbidden in the euro treaties . 
  yes , this is one of the reasons why the uk refused to join monetary union . 
  eventually it must lead to transfers . 
  if germany really does n't believe in transfers ( and the uk definitely does n't ) then germany should do what the uk does and have its own currency . 
  my username is latin for slaughterer which is very silly . 
  with the `` venice '' in your username i am doubly confused . 
  you 're jealous that they like us more than they like you ... 
   it 's what is possible at the moment . 
  remember thatcher and her `` i want my money back '' , for a reason why the ue budget is where it is . 
  the eurozone needs its own budget that does not impact the uk , which is never going to join the euro . 
  i ca n't understand why the eurozone countries have not created it . 
  ( this certainly is n't the uk 's fault ! ), 
   indirect transfers already happen in europe through cohesion funds , of which greece is one of the biggest if not the biggest recipient , and it has been for years . 
  the scale of these is tiny compared to what is required . 
  massively larger transfers are immediately necessary for the eurozone economic problems to be solved . 
   true there & you are right every country has the right to control its borders & immigration . 
  not inside the eu ,  however , deep down i think everyone in the uk establishment & all the parties really want mass immigartion because modern capitalism ca n't cope with expensive western wages the uk will have some levels of immigration , but controlled immigration . 
  whether we call this mass or not seems to me to be a bit besides the point . 
  in any event , modern capitalism can cope with controlled immigration . 
   it will be very interesting to see where all this is going in the next 2 years - scotland may well be making choices too & if it does n ireland prob would not be far behind - all speculation for now . 
  i think it is great if scotland and northern ireland have referendums on things . 
  the fact that the transfers are indirect rather than direct does not mean that there are not perpetual transfers . 
   unfortunately , even if the ukip succeeds & the uk did leave the uk - i doubt things would get better for those people . 
  immigration impacts different parts of the uk economy in different ways . 
  personally i am in favour of the uk having a different immigration policy , that is neutral as to country of origin , but considers : - needs of the uk economy and skills of immigrants - impact on infrastructure and housing - impact on wages of poorest i do n't believe that this kind of policy is beyond the wit of man : it is n't too different from what australia and canada currently have , after all . 
   as far as i recall , the netherlands and the uk where the only ones pushing to lower the eu-budget for example . 
  [ sweden and denmark were also crucial allies of the netherlands and the uk in the budget negotiations . ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/finance/matspersson/100022760/this-weeks-brussels-lesson-for-the-uk-as-germany-goes-so-goes-europe/ ) . 
  sweden has also [ joined the uk and the netherlands in being openly very critical of the eu accounts . 
  ] ( https://euobserver.com/institutional/115331 ) if you remove the uk from that equation , i think life becomes more difficult for the budgetary hawks ... 
   though quite irrelevant it 's interesting to point out that the reu is n't buying less british products , the outside world is buying more which is a reversible trend ( for the sake of the british economy , let 's hope it does not ) . 
  i agree that the rest of the world might in the future buy fewer british products , but it is also the case that the reu might in the future buy fewer british products . 
  in broad terms , those markets which are growing quickest ( the developing word ) are likely to be better markets for british products in the future . 
   nevertheless , the importance of the eu as an export market should n't be the sole reason to remain in the eu . 
  agreed . 
  the cost/benefit analysis should consider the full spectrum of political costs and benefits as well as economic costs and benefits . 
   that ignores a much bigger problem of native born uk people of that generation , not feeling they are doing so well in the rest of the uk . 
  i agree that there are some people in the uk that are not doing so well and these people tend to vote ukip and want to leave the eu . 
  however , this is perhaps rational . 
  those people may do worst out of the eu - immigration may impact their house prices and their wages in the wrong directions . 
   i 'm saying the eu was intended for countries to act as a united block , and in this they 've failed once more . 
  to me it does n't make sense for countries to act as a united block in areas where they do n't have a united opinion . 
  the uk should revert to just having a trading relationship with the eu and dispense with political integration . 
  member states being united only makes sense if the people within those member states have united opinions . 
  to the extent that the people within the member states do n't have united opinions , obviously the eu should be sufficiently flexible to be able to cope with that . 
  one size does not fit all . 
   i know that is the official narrative . 
  what i meant is reality for us all on the ground . 
  all the people in their 20 's un/under-employed , unaffordale housing for the majority of people , etc , etc , etc unemployment and underemployment is very low for young people in the uk , relative to many countries . 
  if the uk were really so bad for young people , there would not be so many young people immigrating to the uk . 
  i note you have an irish flair but speak about `` us all on the ground '' . 
  are you living in the uk ? 
   most everyday people feel they are doing badly and things are getting worse . 
  do they ? 
  they just voted largely for the conservative party . 
  no , i do n't think this is right . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not nationalistic fervour . 
  it is about effective parliamentary democracy and the uk 's place in a global world . 
  the people that rile so much about eusceptics - pretending that we are somehow anti-europeans - do the debate a great disservice . 
  this is very regrettable . 
  i love europeans and want the uk to leave the eu . 
  i know many ukip people and do n't know anyone who thinks differently from me on the subject . 
  the economy in the uk was n't doing particularly badly for most people though . 
  gdp growth has been relatively good for a couple of years . 
  unemployment remains very low and wages are outstripping inflation . 
  there are some problems with the uk economy ( e.g. 
  housing ) , but i think the ukip vote ca n't really be explained by economic factors . 
   i think a lot of people are genuine i 'm talking about the politicians and not even all of them but i do believe the parties like ukip were doing what i said above along with a few others and then it seemed so powerful that other more mainstream parties started playing with the leaving the eu idea . 
  no , i think this is wrong . 
  ukip do n't dislike europe or europeans . 
  this is about leaving the eu , not about europeans or europe . 
  it is very important to have these ideas firmly separate . 
   sounds like obstructionism to me no , this is not obstuctionism . 
  as mentioned , this treaty went ahead . 
  there is no need for the uk to be part of it as the uk is never joining the euro . 
   ditto for the nonsense surrounding juncker . 
  the uk was right to vote against juncker . 
  most british people voted for parties that did not want juncker as head of the european commission . 
  the british government should answer to the british people . 
   and the endless opt-outs and demands for special treatment . 
  what kind of things are you referrring to here exactly ? 
   as regards the treaty `` breaches '' : you are conflating the natural politicking of countries ( looking to get around laws , being called back into line , etc ) with the uk 's obstructionism and `` special snowflake '' uniqueness . 
  in other words , i can put up with bullshit from countries who commit to the eu project and have made many concessions and compromises to reach this level of integration , but i 'm quickly fed up with a country whose interactions with the eu are almost always in bad faith . 
  sounds like you really do n't care about compliance with the fiscal compact at all if you do n't mind that some countries breach it . 
  seems like you just want countries to sign it . 
   it 's ukip that are getting the benefit of the anti-austerity vote & a lot of their support is really a protest about that , rather than europe i do n't think that 's right . 
  ukip 's fiscal policy , which was costed independently , advocated as much austerity as the conservatives did . 
  i voted for ukip because of their position on the eu . 
   i do n't believe that the anti-eu politicians over there really care about eu policy . 
  a lot of them talk like it 's an invasion and try to rile up anti european ( anti german really ) sentiment and drum up the nationalism that goes with it . 
  no , being eusceptic is nothing to do with being anti european or anti german or being nationalistic . 
  i want the uk to leave the eu and i love europe ( and germans !, 
  the election was a couple of weeks ago , but the question of the uk 's membership of the eu has obviously been open since a renegotiation and referendum became policy of the conservative party .
