  we got a whole lot of new words with our leaving the eu . 
  in addition to brexit , there was bremain , breferendum , brexident , brexiteer , bremainer , beleaver , remainiac , remoaner , remainian , regrexit , bremorse etc etc etc. 
   the problem is scope creep . 
  if brexit means brexit then there must be a clear time table . 
  it would be a mistake for the uk government to commit publicly to a clear timetable right now , though also for them not to have their own private timetable . 
   leaving by end of 2018 sounds good to me . 
  means the uk should trigger a50 by the end of 2016 . 
  something may ruled out . 
  i think may has not ruled out triggering it on 1 january 2017 ... 
   as well as the people 's who voted out of pride for their country i voted leave . 
  personally i think that the uk should currently be working to a timetable of leaving by the end of 2018 . 
  remoaners gon na keep remoaning ... 
  this is basically what angela and theresa said yesterday . 
   i 'd expect the term eurosceptic will get dropped . 
  i do n't think euscepticism as a concept is over yet . 
  certainly , it would be a brave person to predict that there will be no eusceptic blocs in the eu parliament after the next eu elections and i do n't think we yet have enough evidence for this . 
   it was an ideological , once in a life time vote on wether the brits thought that the eu was ultimately good or bad for them to be in . 
  this . 
  this is exactly what was going on . 
  of course the consequences of a leave vote were not entirely predictable and would result in the uk government creating a new plan . 
  of course i did not know what that plan would be . 
  however , this is not a reason not to vote leave as i believe that in the long run the consequences will be positive both for the uk and for continental europe . 
  brexit will mean that there will be a realignment of groupings within the european parliament . 
  uk euroscepticism meant that there are three eurosceptic groups , because neither the tories nor ukip were able to be in any of the main groups , the same group as each other or the same group as the fn . 
  all this will be changing next time round . 
  i do n't expect uk to be a member for next parliamentary elections , but if by some miracle it still is , i do n't expect to vote . 
   no subsidies and free market for subsidized eu food producers , i bet uk farmers will love your plan :d i am more interested in consumers than producers . 
  if the eu taxpayer wants to subsidise my consumption , i am happy for them to do it !, 
   majority of conservative mps are remainers . 
  they were . 
  they are n't any more . 
  since the referendum , politics in the uk has changed . 
   also the benelux will be hit the hardest ( besides ireland and the uk itself ) by the brexit economically . 
  the uk is going to gain from brexit . 
  hopefully benelux will also gain too , in the long run !, 
  let 's be confident about our democracies and excited about our future . 
   leaving the eu means import taxes . 
  eu countries pay no import taxes when they trade with each other . 
  some non-eu countries have such an agreement with the eu , but it might take years for the uk to get there . 
  the uk , outside the eu , should not impose tariffs on eu agriculture or on agriculture from anywhere else in the world . 
  ( this is something that the uk can control by itself . ), 
  this will push prices down if anything . 
   great , will you send arlene foster of the dup in northern ireland your opinion , she needs to hear that there is n't a desire from britain to support the most eu-funding reliant part of the uk . 
  the rest of the uk needs to support northern ireland of course , however that support does not need to be in the form of agricultural subsidies . 
  i would give that money as a block grant to northern ireland and if the people of northern ireland wanted that money to be spent subsidising farmers , than that would be cool . 
  however , i personally think they could find better things to do with it . 
   services have a lot of trade barriers in the form of different regulations and laws and as a lawyer that must be very obvious to you . 
  as a uk lawyer how can you export your services to a eu country that has or will have different laws because the uk does n't need to harmonise with the eu anymore . 
  your service quality might be top notch but if it 's not applicable because of different laws you wo n't be able to export it . 
  international finance uses either english law or new york law . 
  if a consortium of banks , including eu banks , lends money to , for example , an italian company , then the contractual documentation will use either english law or new york law . 
   that 's the whole damned purpose of the common market , lifting non-tariff trade barriers such as the harmonisation of laws and regulations . 
  the single market ( in relation to the offering of legal services ) does not really have much meaning as the underlying principles of different legal systems within the eu are very difference ( and there has never been any serious aim to unify them ) . 
  however , the more important point is that as an exporter of services it would be a mistake to try and limit myself to the eu , when there is the rest of the world out there too . 
   there are two major reasons that industrialized economies ca n't escape subsidies new zealand is industrialised and does not subsidise agriculture . 
  i believe that the uk should follow the nz model ( though it will take a bit of time to get there . ), 
   \u2022 food is not just another product in a market , it causes external effects e.g. 
  a malnourished population will have higher health costs and will be less productive . 
  the same holds for a handful of other amenities , like basic education . 
  that means that the equilibrium to minimize the total social cost can not be met by market forces alone ( especially in industrialized countries where there is a relative shortage of labor ) . 
  it is important for a population not to be malnourished . 
  however , it does not follow from this that agriculture should be subsidised . 
  these two points are not related . 
   for strategic reasons , a country 's food supply is one of the things that you do n't want to outsource completely : imagine entering a trade war where the threat is exorbitant food prices or starving your population . 
  and the only way to maintain a domestic industry is through subsidies . 
  i do n't agree that the only way for a domestic industry to be maintained is through subsidies . 
  there are always new developments in science and technology and efficiency gains to be had . 
  however , i do n't believe that there is a risk of a trade war here . 
  i do n't think the uk should put any tariffs on food and i think there will be multiple countries that want to export food to the uk . 
   food is more then just a product though , it 's a strategic resource and being dependant on other countries is a great risk . 
  there is a benefit to being food secure and there is a cost to it . 
  i believe that the cost is higher than the benefit . 
  even when the uk was at its most vulnerable ( ww2 , hitler was literally blockading the uk to stop food arriving in the uk ) uk government never thought it made sense for the uk to be long-term food secure . 
  in my view the most important thing is to be open to importing food from anywhere in the world . 
   another factor to consider is health and safety and what regulations you set , loosening rules could impose more risks . 
  there are questions about this , but these questions are political ones that should be debated in the uk 's parliament . 
  some people might want to tighten the rules , others may want to loosen them . 
  i would personally vote for whoever wants to loosen them . 
   the import will be easy , but due to brexit complications it will be more expensive , or uk will start importing lower quality food . 
  i do n't agree that it will be more expensive . 
  my hope is that it will ( after the uk removes all tariffs ) be cheaper . 
  i also do n't agree that it will be lower quality : the uk will be able to import any food from around the entire globe and individuals should be able to choose what suits their own preferences . 
   what i meant about complexity was regarding exporting of services , which is the most profitable business , but because of business probably kind of avoiding uk in the following years , is going to be difficult . 
  i am someone that exports services ( as a lawyer ) . 
  ultimately as long as the service that we have is of a high standard , we will be able to export it . 
  the good thing about services , as exports , is that they typically rely less on geographical proximity compared to goods . 
  i am very optimistic about the uk 's ability to export services going forwards . 
   i agree , however you do n't want to end up like venezuela either . 
  i agree that i do n't want to end up like venezuela   having food should be the number 1 priority for any country in the world , regardless of the development level . 
  it is important that people have food , but it is not important for a country to have its own food if it can import it . 
  ( the uk has had to import food since about 1760 . 
  since that time the uk has not really tried to grow sufficient food for its population . ), 
   sure you can always import the food and export services which are much more profitable , but that will be far more complicated for the uk citizens in the following years . 
  i do n't think importing food will be complicated . 
  there are a lot of countries that will want to sell food to us . 
   the uk is one of the most well-funded countries in the eu regarding the cap . 
  i doubt the uk government will cover the large sum of money the eu gave to farmers , particularly in underdeveloped areas which the 2nd cap pillar greatly prioritized . 
  as a uk taxpayer i am not in favour of the uk government giving money to uk farmers . 
  there are much better things to be done with that money . 
   how does it feel voting for a party that wishes to stay in the eu .
