  because i think you 're at least as equally similar to europeans as you are to americans and it makes more sense geographically , economically and structurally to federalize with europe . 
  `` geographically '' matters less now than it used to . 
  the world is more and more global . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` structurally '' . 
  as for `` economically '' , it makes more sense for the uk to be linked to the bigger faster growing economies . 
  this is not the eurozone . 
  in fact , the ongoing eurozone crisis is becoming a problem for the uk . 
  i think it is true also for the british parties and if you are interested you might do more research into them . 
  the lib dems are essentially a coalition between economic liberals , social democrats and civil libertarians . 
  the labour party is a coalition between socialists , trade unionists , centrist technocrats and environmentalists . 
  ukip are a coalition between hard core libertarians , social conservatives , uk constitutionalists etc. 
  the uk should not go for an arrangement similar to current arrangements , but make a new one . 
  a fta is not subject to the eu 's oversight , it is negotiated between the parties . 
  power is more than just economics . 
   personally , i could never like a system with only two country-wide viable parties and fptp only really works in such a situation . 
  i think you need to appreciate that in the uk , each party is already a kind of coalition . 
  take the tories for example . 
  they include ( 1 ) thatcherite libertarians and believers in the market , ( 2 ) social conservatives and traditionalists and ( 3 ) one nation centrist pragmatic conservatives , like cameron . 
  this is not true . 
  south korea has free trade with the eu but is not part of the eea . 
  fptp is nothing like a one-party-system . 
  it does not only give two options . 
  in the last five years we have had had three different parties in power . 
  the party that i support is irrelevant to this discussion . 
  i do admire swiss democracy ... 
  it is an example of a policy that should not be at the eu level . 
  no - i 'd make a few changes . 
  increased right of recall , more direct democracy . 
   but i assume you would argue staying in the uk is a better choice for scotland . 
  why do you think staying in the uk is a good thing for scotland but staying in the eu is a bad thing for the uk ? 
  what is the difference ? 
  i think it is a close run thing for scotland . 
  i think they could do very well as an independent nation , like ireland , iceland and norway do . 
  i think it is good for the rest of the uk that the scots decided to stay with us . 
  the scottish people are not the same as the english , but we share enough to have a coherent shared political and democratic consciousness . 
  i do n't think that brits have this with italians , latvians or danes . 
   now , yes , even then the differences between the american states were smaller than the current differences between the eu states but that 's looking at it from the perspective of two different time periods . 
  the challenge of uniting the comparatively more diverse european states may seem greater than in the american case , but one must not forget we also have the comparatively greater tools of the modern world to do so ( like much better travel and communication even if it is possible for the uk to join a coherent national identity , why is it even desirable ? 
  you might just as well argue that the uk should federalize with the usa . 
  or any country . 
  the purpose of choosing a voting system is not to benefit a particular party . 
  that is the least good reason to change voting systems . 
  i want the best voting system for the uk regardless of the party i vote for . 
  no , i vote ukip . 
  i think ukip are in favour of multi-member constituency open list system . 
  i would consider it , and could be persuaded , but not sure i would go for it . 
  overall i like the other benefit of fptp : it tends to have clear results , no coalition negotiations , strong government and you can get rid of people you do n't like easily :-), 
   do you not find that to be somewhat arbitrary ? 
  what about regions or even only districts within the uk which end up having stuff pushed on them that they do n't like ? 
  should they also break away from the union ? 
  i do n't think most regions of england really care . 
  england has been a nation for 1000 years after all . 
  none of them want to break away . 
  scotland is a separate case : however , i am strongly in favour of devolution for scotland and another vote on independence of circumstances change . 
  i like the strong link between the constituency and the mp that fptp generates . 
  i also do n't like the way that in proportionate systems , the mp has to answer to his political party , whereas in a fptp system the mp has mainly to answer to his electorate . 
  the eu and the us are both within the usa 's sphere of influence . 
  this is a good thing . 
  being independent of the eu and maintaining national democracy is far more important than having `` influence '' . 
  the eu is far far too centralizing . 
  for example , the uk can no longer legislate on whether or not bankers should have bonuses . 
  this is certainly not something that needs to be at eu level . 
   and seeing as i 'm convinced that the people will feel less attachment to national identity , traditions and culture as time goes on due to the effects of digital globalization , that will erode a lot of the opposition towards further continental integration , so waiting is in fact quite beneficial . 
  this is an interesting opinion , but i think we need to wait and see how the internet and globalization impact national identity . 
  it is too soon to tell . 
  even if your theory is correct and we become less attached to the nation , this does not strike me as a reason to be part of the eu . 
  in a truly globalised and digitalised world , the eu a seems to be way too small . 
  i feel as close to ethiopians and ecuadorians as i feel to estonians . 
  i am pleased the uk has first past the post . 
  no , it means that there is very little legislation that has no involvement of the european parliament . 
  it does n't mean that the member states are not also involved . 
  i do n't think the uk would leave and rejoin . 
  i think we would be happy with a new place in the world . 
  i am also not really hopeful about the eu succeeding as the currency has now become a major economic and political problem that can not really be solved . 
   as i understand he wants to get out of eu so why is he here ? 
  he is in the european parliament to further the chances of a brexit . 
   his political stances might be damaging to those who wish to work together for common goals as it is intendent in eu i can see why you might find democracy inconvenient , but until britain leaves the eu , farage will represent me in the european parliament . 
  why ? 
  the voters want him to be there . 
  please read my post . 
  i wrote that the european parliament and the commission are involved in the legislative process . 
  this does not mean that the council is not also involved . 
   if that is enough for some eurosceptics to advocate leaving the eu , so be it , but it 's a pretty stark misrepresentation to pretend like the ep and ec can force unwanted legislation on member states . 
  this is not my position . 
  i have not made an arguemeny that the ep and ec can force unwanted legislation on unwilling member states . 
  however , it is true that the uk has had unwanted legislation forced on it . 
  even if it had n't i think the uk should leave the eu . 
  and also unsurprising . 
  ireland 's crash was simply a banking crash , ireland was always competitive and always had a flexible job market . 
  ireland 's economy is also closely linked to the uk and us economy and given that those economies have boomed it is unsurprising that the irish one has too . 
   if britain were to leave the eu , i and many other people my age ( 25-35 range ) will fuck right off and let the place rot . 
  since the referendum was announced , hundreds of thousands of young people have moved to the uk from over countries . 
  the uk remains an extremely desirable destination for immigrants . 
  people risk their lives to get to the uk regularly . 
   so i guess with that logic you think that the united kingdom is an establishment created to undermine democracy ? 
  do you know anything about the creation of the uk ? 
  eesti ** can into future ? 
   apologies , but i can not promise anything if you continue to misrepresent me . 
  i think it is best if we stop exchanging messages . 
  many thanks !,
