  this is the reason for the whole uk referendum debate . 
  people like me will only vote for a conservative party if they are hardcore eusceptic . 
  as an eusceptic , i thought his offensive against juncker was a total success . 
  i am much more likely to vote for him now . 
  edit - do n't downvote people just because they are eusceptics . 
  many thanks . 
  for anything cross-border , english is used . 
  brits have a competitive advantage therefore in cross-border stuff compared to working in a domestic french market for example . 
  actually , the process is pretty easy . 
  i am currently hiring australian and there is one extra form to complete which took me like 15 mins to do . 
  and , come to london to see how many low skilled brazilians and other lat ams there are !, 
  i 've also worked in italy , and despite being in the eu the extra bureaucracy was fairly high : they required residence permits and so forth . 
  the word `` th\u00e9oriquement '' is hard to write in english because we do n't really like that concept . 
  the traditional anglo-saxon mentality is to ignore theory completely and only worry about what works in practice and then not really think about why !, 
  but the closest is to write `` in theory '' . 
  i 'm multi-lingual , but english is the global language of business . 
  i rarely get to use my languages professionally . 
  if you have the right skill set you will be able to work anywhere . 
  think of the many hundreds of thousands of non-eu citizens who work in the uk !, 
  you wo n't be separated from people . 
  you will still be able to travel easily to germany . 
  actually , most people who are educated know that their job prospects are better in the uk . 
  the number of people who will want to leave the uk when we leave the eu will be tiny . 
  i 'd have asked northern europe if it was prepared to be part of a transfer union first . 
  then i 'd have asked southern europe if it was prepared to liberalise and reform its economy as directed by northern europe . 
  if the answer to these questions was `` yes '' , i 'd have gone ahead with currency union , with huge transfers of money from north to south for a couple of generations and huge structural reform . 
  if the answer to either of these questions was `` no '' , i would have stopped the project . 
  tl ; dr there is no point creating monetary union as a half measure . 
  you have to have the full political deal too with the consent of the population . 
  as in , there is a belief in the uk that because we sent a woman commissioner last time , we are not obliged to send one this time round and that other countries who have tended always to send male commissioners should send one . 
  i think it is because we have been a nation for so long that we do n't really feel the need to sing about it . 
  i do n't think it is a severe allegation . 
  i am sure you expect the uk government to be spying on the german government and france is really no different . 
  the eu is not a `` no spy '' arrangement and is not really like the five eyes in terms of intelligence sharing . 
  france and the uk put spying arrangements on germany immediately after ww2 and never stopped . 
  the fact that they have not been caught in the act - well , that 's spying for you . 
  she wo n't ever die , but if she did then it would become god save the king . 
  same in england - it is not taught in school and never sung except on state occasions and international sport . 
  having a single currency but different economic problems will not work . 
  if you want your own economic policy you need your own currency . 
  this was why the uk kept the pound . 
  i 'm not aware of sources on this . 
  but nobody seriously doubts this is the case . 
  france and the uk of course do both spy on germany though . 
  this is nothing to do with being eu allies . 
  it is to do with being serious about being a global power and having a serious military . 
  france and the uk accept that they spy on each other - it is simply an unwritten part of the entente . 
  thanks - very interesting !, 
  i do n't think there are any weaknesses with uber at the moment . 
  the weakness with the traditional taxi industry is that it costs much more than it should . 
  uber has exposed that weakness . 
  presumably the cars have passed road safety tests and the drivers have licenses to drive . 
  that is already regulated for all road users . 
  i do n't see why more regulation is required . 
  as mentioned , if you do n't want to use uber you can pay more . 
  however , those people that want to use it should be able to . 
  why not ? 
  the internet tracking system means that it is entirely safe . 
  if you do n't want to use it yourself , you can always pay more for the traditional taxi service . 
  but those people who want to use uber because they prefer to pay less should be free to do so . 
  the only good argument here is the tax one and that can easily be solved . 
  of course , drivers of \u00fcber vehicles should pay taxes , but i do n't see why they would n't . 
  the reason why it is not fair competition is because they have a much better business model . 
  it would make more sense for traditional taxi drivers to copy uber - this is progress . 
  lower costs for consumers is a good thing . 
  is uber currently illegal ? 
  in britain , it was already legal i think . 
  uber is good for the consumer and encourages lower prices for services , reflecting their true value rather than the current artificially high value - this is good for the economy , tourism . 
  obviously , it is tough for those people that just bought licenses , but perhaps they can be partly compensated . 
  however , the existence of licenses in an industry that does not need to be licensed is just a way of protecting vested interests . 
  the people pointing it out want more socialism , not less socialism . 
  jerusalem is too english to be british . 
  rule britannia and land of hope and glory are better choices . 
  of course it should be legalised !, 
  i can not think of any good arguments against it . 
  it is a brand name for a washing powder ... 
  when i was in la coruna as a teenager they used to sing it as `` franco - franco - que tiene el culo blanco - porque su mujer lavarlo con ariel ... '', 
  their government seems to be collapsing today - we may as well be nice to them for once ... 
  i have to admit that the british one is not great - it is dull and dutiful rather than inspiring and beautiful . 
  i actually love the french national anthem . 
  and the uk does not want to be part of a defence alliance that does not include the us ... 
  the uk and france both are happy to progress our various bilateral military arrangements , but it does n't make sense for the eu to take over this , especially with the possibility that the uk might leave the eu . 
  switzerland seems to manage fine ... 
  the swedish people are very anti euro membership . 
  something dramatic would have to occur for this to change in the short/medium term . 
  i am old enough to remember the first danish maastricht treaty referendum in 1992 . 
  this was hugely significant for the uk too - prior to this there was a belief in the uk that we would be the only country in the eu outside monetary union and perhaps be eventually forced in politically . 
  as the result of the referendum was announced over the radio i remember my father cheering and then later that evening having a celebratory beer . 
  the significance of the danish people saying no to the euro and the impact on euroscepticism in the uk should not be underestimated . 
  i 'm on holiday in greece from next week . 
  actually , by all accounts tourism is really picking up in greece which is great for their economy . 
  part of the reason why greece is doing well here is because of their internal devaluation which has n't happened so much in france and italy , which makes greece a more attractive destination relatively . 
  in britain we already have had governments falling in connection with the single currency : margaret thatcher was taken down by the europhiles in her cabinet and then john major was constantly undermined by the eurosceptics in his cabinet . 
  the euro was a wedge which drove apart the labour government from 1997 onwards with blair being pro-euro and his chancellor , brown being anti . 
  uncertainty over the currency is the main reason why scotland is unlikely to vote for independence . 
  no british government could enter the euro without being destroyed . 
  also , wanting to keep the euro just means that they do n't want the uncertainty of leaving it . 
  it is not the same as saying that they think they were correct to join it in the first place . 
  i grew up in a village in south east england . 
  from the age of seven or so i was allowed out alone and spent all day playing in the countryside with my friends .
