  hopefully brexit will mean that the eu is more accepting of e.g. 
  cz 's specific historical experience and how that impacts it now . 
   ireland would glady be a part of the high speed europe if it can do so while maintaining its current economic model . 
  ireland should just cherry pick the bits which work for ireland in my view . 
  ireland should refuse point blank any changes to its ability to control its own tax system , of course . 
   the uk government might consider that more important the self determination of people i doubt it . 
  if the uk let scotland have a referendum on leaving the uk , it is hardly going to stop gibraltar . 
   no , i mean that it will have that tool avalaible , which currently is n't . 
  are you against countries enforcing their borders ? 
  gibraltar is outside the customs union and outside schengen . 
  spain therefore already has extensive powers to enforce the borders . 
  if spain wants to stop people crossing the border completely , it can do so . 
  it wo n't be mexico that pays though , it will be those spaniards who currently work in gibraltar . 
   brexit will mean , among other things , that spain will have more leverage in those disputes because no european treaty will prevent it from closing its borders . 
  so your position is that if gibraltar do not accept joint sovereignty , spain will close the borders ? 
  i expect that gibraltarians will say no to this kind offer . 
  i expect that the uk government will respect the choice that the gibraltarians make . 
   ca n't be accused of bigotry if things go rough as long as spain plays nicely , things wo n't go rough . 
  i would be surprised if gibraltarians accepted this proposal . 
  generally though those referendums have taken place because they have been required by the irish constitution . 
  i do n't think that the irish constitution requires a referendum this time round . 
   britain blocked a multi-speed europe not really . 
  uk specifically endorsed multi-speed eu by not joining euro but letting others go ahead . 
  in recent years uk has promoted this further by urging eurozone to put in place further consolidation and by trying to repatriate powers for itself . 
  this is exactly what multi-speed eu would have meant . 
  one of the fantastic things about brexit is that uk is now likely to be successful in getting a multi-speed europe . 
  this is the same all over the uk . 
  i agree it is an interesting article . 
  uk and ireland basically want the same outcome , continued free trade . 
  however , the irish political class will never put this to a referendum . 
   it is not common for spain to be invited into this meetings , so i think something related to spain 's . 
  all the other big countries have supported the two speed idea , alongside the founding members . 
  the key thing here is not that spain is invited , but that poland is n't invited . 
  that is why they kept it to four . 
  any more than four and they would have had to invite poland . 
   obviously this should also be applicable generally . 
  in that case feel free to campaign for it to apply generally . 
  but this does not change the referendum result legitimacy . 
   arbitrarily disenfranchises enough of the population for your result to come through , of course . 
  nobody was arbitrarily disenfranchised . 
  the franchise used was the same franchise as the general election franchise - this was extensively discussed in both houses of parliament . 
  keeping the franchise the same is not arbitrarily disenfranchising people . 
  had we decided , for example , that people aged 19 should not have voted , that would have been an arbitrary disenfranchisement . 
   ` massively changing the result by making the vote more representative of the population ' is ` arbitrary ' . 
  the population includes three year olds . 
  i do not believe we should give them votes . 
  if you want to change the franchise generally , then by all means campaign to change it generally . 
  but changing it just for one vote is absurd . 
  i do give a shit about democracy . 
  i want the outcome of a free and fair vote to be respected and not ignored . 
   this sentence speaks volumes . 
  fuck listening to the people who actually have to live with the result as long as it benefits you , right ? 
  everyone has to live with results , including three year olds . 
  that is not a reason to give them votes . 
  we have a franchise in this country and we should not arbitrarily change it . 
   does n't understand that our electorate requires a 61 % majority you are simply lying now . 
   no , it 's not . 
  the consus that it should have been a 61 % majority has been widely accepted by a good many people for a long time since before the referendum no , i am afraid this was not a consensus . 
  / u/deehd _ moroz is correct here . 
  virtually nobody said that there should have been a 61 % majority before the referendum . 
   people who 've voted remain have consistently stated that the threshold should have been 61 % - 5 % sets it at a 62 % majority . 
  they said this after they lost the referendum . 
  they did not say it before they lost it . 
   so you accept that you do n't actually give a shit about democracy , considering that the people who will be impacted the most by this are explicitly barred from voting . 
  i care hugely about democracy , which is why i want the result of the referendum to be fully implemented . 
  however , just because three year olds and 15 year olds and 17 year olds are impacted by votes , that is not a reason to give them votes . 
   to make the disenfranchisement of 16 and 17 year olds sound like a perversion of democracy . 
  16 and 17 year olds have not been disenfranchised any more than 15 year olds or five year olds . 
   uh , no , the tory brexit strategy is not gauged by the electoral vote . 
  too bad for you then because the tories are staying in government . 
   congratulations on ignoring the whole ` swinging the vote ' issue . 
  the purpose of designing a franchise is to make voting fair , democratic and trusted . 
  the purpose of giving votes to a particular set of people is not to favour a particular outcome . 
   and it has been done in multiple other eu countries . 
  not really . 
  there have been multiple referendums in other eu countries and also multiple general elections . 
  almost all of these do n't extent the franchise to people who are not nationals . 
   which is why all the major brexiteers said that we should stay in , as well as the largest party . 
  the conservative party did not say `` even if we vote to leave the eu , we will then join efta so that we can stay in the single market '' . 
   pictured : ` extremely popular ' brexit strategy if the conservatives ' strategy is not popular , then they will lose the next election . 
  let 's trust the people . 
   votes at 16 are already implemented across the uk in a majority of elections in the uk , 16 year olds do not vote . 
  16 year olds are not impacted any more than 15 year olds . 
   we should . 
  that is not an argument . 
   no they fucking did n't lmao fuck off you might not have followed the referendum closely , but vote leave specifically and clearly argued that we should leave the single market . 
   like fuck it was . 
  vote leave were clear that we should be able to do free trade deals on our own once we leave the eu . 
  the only way we can do this is by leaving the customs union . 
   double fuck off this is not a statement of what we should do in the event that we leave the eu . 
  the tories brexit strategy is extremely popular . 
   meanwhile , we already know that gibraltar prefers to be in the eu than outside of it . 
  if gibraltarians want to change their constitutional arrangements with respect to the uk , the uk will respect their wishes . 
  i hope spain also respects the wishes of the gibraltarians . 
   actually it would be entirely acceptable for parliament to abide by the uk constitution and ignore the referendum . 
  as a matter of law , it can . 
  however , just because an entity can do something as a matter of law , does not mean it should . 
  in a democracy , voting should mean something . 
  we voted to leave the eu , therefore we should . 
   i mean that 52 % is not a clear cut win for any referendum , nevermind a major constitutional one in which the cutoff is 18 instead of 16 , and which did not give permanent residents from the eu a vote .
