  i expect now other member states that do n't have an opt-out to make things difficult . 
   i was on a plane recently from london to zagreb and there was a guy with asylum in croatia who had tried to sneak into england and was getting sent back ( according to the pilot ) . 
  it is happening . 
  and the uk is an island and not in schengen . 
  if it is difficult for the uk to control its borders , the idea of the the schengen area really being able to ensure that refugees stay in specific countries strikes me as totally impossible and irrational . 
  there are no border checks between the schengen zone countries . 
  that 's the whole point of it . 
   would you be mad if suddenly 50,000 danish arrive to your country ? 
  [ too soon . 
  we 're still mad about the last time it happened . 
  no countries are signing up to burdens . 
  the other countries consider things like the euro and schengen to be benefits . 
  they love those things and are happy to have them . 
   it was you who considered the uk press europhilic , i think ? 
  you might be mixing me up with another poster . 
  my position is that the uk press is mixed and plural . 
  there are parts of the uk press that is euphilic ( guardian , economist , new statesman , independent , generally the ft ) and there are parts of it that is eusceptic ( telegraph , times , spectator , express , mail etc ) . 
   but if there 's no border fence then dirty foreigners like me can get into the uk from ireland without showing our passports like i did a couple of weeks ago . 
  please stop writing things like dirty foreigners . 
  i 'm happy for you to cross the border between the uk and ireland without showing a passport . 
  if the uk leaves the eu ( as i hope it does ) you will , once you cross the border from ireland to the uk , have the same right to work/benefits etc as anyone else from the entire world . 
   so you want to put a border fence on uk/ireland border ? 
  no , i think that the uk and ireland should continue to have a common travel area and [ that ireland should continue not to be `` foreign '' and irish people should continue not to be foreigners for the purposes of uk law . 
  ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/geo6/12-13-14/41 ), 
   are you north or south london ? 
  people 's progressive socialist democratic republic of southwark . 
  thanks . 
  i just do n't think it makes sense for you to say :  the polls for the popular vote were off by a margin of error what happened was not a `` margin of error '' mistake . 
  it was a systemic sampling mistake or a systemic `` shy tory / lazy labour '' mistake . 
   the point was evaluating whether the fact tht the polling was incorrect for the british elections means that it might be just as incorrect for a brexit vote and thus a yes to brexit vote is unexpectedly likely . 
  given that polling in the uk currently has systemic problems , it is hard to predict how those systemic problems have been impacting polling for the eu referendum . 
   also , why would you be a ` closet eurosceptic ' in the uk ? 
  so that you do n't get called a racist mainly . 
  in my circle ( wealthy , oxbridge , middle-class , professional , london ) admitting to being an eusceptic would cause some people to foam at the mouth , call me a racist , a `` little englander '' and so forth . 
  when i 've said before that i am an eusceptic , i 've had people ask me if i want to cause war in europe , bring back the british empire and so forth . 
  now i mainly do n't say anything !, 
  just read this sub for example !, 
  the choices of `` in '' and `` out '' are not presented as morally equivalent choices . 
  `` in '' presents itself as a moral choice and therefore by definition those who want out are considered immoral . 
  i could point to any number of responses i receive to posts on here when i mention i am an eusceptic in which people take an immediate aggressive response . 
  unsurprisingly , this happens in the real world too ( though obviously not in all social circles ) . 
   the polls for the popular vote were off by a margin of error actually , this is n't how margin of error for opinion polling works . 
  the `` margin of error '' pollsters talk about refers to random error , that is , the error due to the limited sample size , which would still be present even if you could ensure that your samples are perfectly representative of the population and that everyone tells you the truth . 
  this kind of error causes polls to bounce around the true figures at random . 
  however , all the polls were wrong in the same direction , which indicates that there was a systematic error throughout all the polls . 
  there are a couple of possible explanations : - the samples were systematically unrepresentative ( i.e. 
  the kinds of people that respond to polls or get polled are more likely to be labour voters ) - a significant proportion of people failed to correctly predict their own behaviour ( for example , they told pollsters they were definitely going to vote labour but in reality voted conservative or did n't vote - so-called `` shy tories '' ) . 
  nobody thinks that the polls were correct . 
  everyone admits that the polls got this election wrong . 
  [ this is why the british polling council has set up an enquiry to look into the apparent bias in the system . 
  ] ( http://www.britishpollingcouncil.org/general-election-7-may-2015/ ) if this were a matter of mere margin of error , they would n't need to do this . 
   do you think that eastern europeans are lesser people ? 
  no , i think that the uk 's immigration policy should be to treat all foreigners equally and give the same opportunities to bulgarians , brazilians , beligans and botswanans . 
   so basically should assange just show up he will be in exactly the same position as today regarding possible extradition to the us . 
  it 's all in the hands of the uk . 
  if he shows up in sweden , then he is n't in the hands of the uk . 
  extradition from sweden to the usa would be a matter between sweden and the usa and not the uk . 
   my only hope 's that the imbeciles behind the last electoral reform referendum have absolutely nothing to do with this . 
  i expect that [ matthew elliott ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matthew_elliott_ ( politics ) , who was extremely succesful in relation to the alternative vote referendum , will also be involved in this referendum , which is very pleasing . 
  whether or not we like him personally we must acknowledge his successes . 
  what did dawkins say about the scotland independence referendum ? 
  i guess his position was that they should n't have had one at all ? 
  my middle name is anton , after chekhov , so i feel duty bound to support him with uncle vanya . 
  i also love tolstoy 's anna karenina . 
   entrusting such a major economical decision to the economically illiterate this is called an election . 
  you let everyone vote on matters which involve hugely complex policy choices in multiple areas , many of which they ca n't understand . 
  elections are major economic decisions . 
   labour party the key people to get on board are kate hoey , [ gisela stuart ] ( http://standpointmag.co.uk/underrated-december-12-gisela-stuart-andrew-gimson-eurocrisis-euroscepticism-eu ) , frank field and the like . 
  there are others . 
   the trade union movement [ rmt union is eusceptic . 
  ] ( http://www.rmt.org.uk/about/policies/political-circulars-and-submissions/2014-european-parliament-elections-no2eu-yes-to-workers-rights/ )  industry as someone in industry i think this one is quite feasible . 
  [ business for britain is assembling views . 
  ] ( http://businessforbritain.org/ ), 
   but are you sure people would pay real money to make the swiss give in ? 
  it would cost some people a lot of money if trade with the swiss gets more difficult . 
  agreed . 
  of course trade with switzerland should continue easily . 
  let 's be pragmatic . 
  not a member , but did vote ukip in the general election . 
  however , i am not sure if i think ukip 's role going forwards will be useful . 
   it 's as predicted . 
  why are you finding articles from april ? 
  the uk election was in may ... 
  personally i think nigel farage should stay resigned for quite a bit longer than a weekend . 
  while nigel farage has done great things for ukip , he needs to acknowledge that he is a polarising figure in the uk as a whole and also that ukip is to some extent a polarising party . 
  nigel farage did not win in south thanet . 
  ukip only won one seat . 
  what is important now for eusceptics is to win the eu referendum . 
  if nigel farage plays a prominent role in the referendum campaign , it will lose . 
  for the brexit side to win , the campaign must be dominated by figures from the centre of british politics , ideally from both the conservative party and the labour party , the trade union movement and industry . 
  nigel farage appeals to people that will already be voting for a brexit . 
  those are n't the people we need to address , as their votes are guaranteed . 
   i do know what will happen , i am just showing what could happen if britain were to leave - at least in theory , once it leaves , member states themselves may start to put up trade barriers the protectionist nature of the eu is not something that makes me think the uk should stay in the eu . 
  it is something that makes me think the uk should leave the eu . 
   in my country , it would be very easy to restrict the establishment of offices by foreign law firms that do not have an office in an eu state . 
  i find this a bit odd . 
  in the uk i hope we never restrict the establishment of offices by foreign law firms . 
  if any foreign law firms want to come to the uk we should welcome them . 
  i 'm against protectionism . 
   anyway , to think you would just trade with the rest of the eu as easily as you do now without contributing to the eu budget and being free of harmonized legislation it 's just naive .
