   that 's completely irrelevant . 
  you do n't even know if the guy you replied to is a christian . 
  his christianity or otherwise is irrelevant as to whether it is appropriate to use `` the jews killed jesus '' as an argument about what jews or israel can or can not do . 
   then stop fighting another mans battle and telling them how hard their battles are . 
  anti-semitism is my battle irrespective of whether or not i am jewish . 
   eh , according to your flag you are an european too . 
  yes , unfortunately in the uk anti-semitism is on the rise just as it is in continental europe . 
   though seriously , what ? 
  i 'm just saying it 's hypocritical to attack palestinians for hypothetically lynching a modern day jesus when historically the jewish leadership effectively lynched him . 
  using the death of jesus is not an argument that should be used about what israel or jews can or can not do . 
  it is really not relevant . 
  [ it is also insidious to use the `` christ killer '' argument as this has been part of anti-semitism through-out the ages ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_deicide ) . 
  perhaps you did n't know this ? 
   stop that . 
  you really ca n't claim you feel unsafe for something like that . 
  nowadays , the jewish in western europe are n't persecuted . 
  provide hard evidence or stop the victim complex . 
  i 'm not jewish . 
   true but uk has been moving away from manufacturing for decades ... thatcher springs to mind . 
  there is obviously a lot more to exports than manufacturing . 
  many of the uk 's exports are services . 
  also , some parts of the uk 's manufacturing are in strong growth ( e.g. 
  cars ) . 
   the embassy obviously posted this offensive tweet just to delete it immediately afterwards so they can threaten legal action against everyone who publishes a screenshot and complain about anti-semitism . 
  do n't expect rationality from europeans in relation to jews or isreal any more . 
  that ship has sailed unfortunately . 
   that jesus thing is so funny because it was actually jewish leaders who pushed for jesus to be put to death . 
  blaming the jews for the death of jesus is never going to get old in europe , is it ? 
  this kind of stuff is why jews do n't feel safe in parts of europe any more . 
   they obviously have very cordial negotiations while the european council is in session , but make these grand dramatic gestures in public . 
  are they cordial ? 
  the one with the juncker vote was extremely fraught . 
  as was the one on the eu budget . 
  as was the one on the fiscal compact . 
   in that case , they 'll have to leave the eu and eea and negotiate a free trade agreement with the rest of us instead . 
  a single market without political links is inherently impossible . 
  this would be my strong preference . 
   i think with the current propaganda reversal and the demographics in question we 'll have a much more pro-european media going forward . 
  in terms of media circulation , the trend does not seem to be your friend . 
  [ over the last decade the eusceptic press circulation figures have held out better that the euphile press ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_newspapers_in_the_united_kingdom_by_circulation ) . 
  during this time the editorial lines of much of the eusceptic press have hardened , not softened . 
  a boring sort :-), 
   essentially the goal must be that banking becomes boring again . 
  i 'm not sure if i agree with you ( surprise ! ), 
  here on the basis that : - our entire system of capitalism involves an element of risk . 
  inherent in any stock exchange is the possibility that values can collapse quickly . 
  i do n't think it is possible to legislate against risk without legislating against capitalism . 
  - there are many places in the world which currently have investment banking as an activity that relates to risk ( e.g. 
  uk , us , singapore , hong kong ) which seem to have moved beyond the crisis . 
  while those countries do have other problems , on crucial measures like jobs and growth they are doing better than the eurozone . 
  i do n't think that the eurozone can ( or should ) insulate itself from the global financial system . 
   applying sound risk assesment/judgment is only possible , after all , if you do n't have interests riding on the outcome here i think the opposite . 
  i think one of the reasons for the crisis was that there was not enough of an alignment between risk and reward . 
  banks knew that they could take risks for which they would get rewards and then be bailed out when all went wrong . 
  i also note that the whole direction of financial regulation in the last couple of years has actually tried to align risk and reward more closely - e.g. 
  [ all the new regulations on risk retention ] ( https://www.eba.europa.eu/-/eba-publishes-final-draft-technical-standards-on-securitisation-retention-rules ) or the new bail-in rules for investors . 
  whether or not boring banking is desirable or not , i think you are swimming against the tide . 
  [ i saw that in juncker 's letter to hill , juncker has specifically mandated hill with deepening the capital markets union in europe ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/about/juncker-commission/docs/hill_en.pdf ) . 
  in my mind there was nothing in that letter which indicated that juncker wants a radical rehaul of eurozone regulation in the way you describe . 
   so when was the uk ever interested in joining the euro ? 
  from all the time i have heard them talk about it they would rather nuke themselves than give up the pound . 
  there was a time around 2002/2003 when there were leading uk politicians that were actively campaiging for the uk to join the euro . 
  blair was a big supporter of the uk joining the euro . 
  even the public was more in favour ( 33 % in favour then , compared to around 5 % now ) . 
   an alternative would be to force the banks to provide more liquidity , but that 's not allowed either . 
  this crisis started in the financial sector , it will be solved by a reform in the financial sector . 
  what kind of reforms to the financial sector do you think are still needed ? 
  over the last five years , in the uk , the us and the eu the scale of reform to the financial sector has just been incredible . 
  it is almost impossible to keep up with . 
  in the eu for example there have been major changes to regulation around credit rating agencies , securitisation , bank capital , insurer capital , market abuse , prospectus disclosure , regulation of funds , market infrastructure , corporate transparency . 
  almost the entire body of regulation of the financial sector has been re-written . 
  these things are indicative of being truly european : - eating pastries for breakfast - drinking very small cups of coffee while smoking - wearing lederhosen / tucking your t-shirt into your jeans etc / speedos - playing petanque - owning a rucksack with grafitti on it - living in a country where there are many shrines , pictures of traffic accident victims etc along your roads - caring more about the quality of bread than the quality of milk, 
   if your a lawyer find me a damn loop hole in the law that currently makes it so damn hard for me and my friend to buy a pallet of prawn cocktail crisps and ship it to canada !!!!!!, 
  surely this is a problem of canadian law around imports ?!, 
  i do n't think there is likely to be a legal solution to this problem ( although it is n't my area ) , but i am sure there would be practical ways of obtaining prawn cocktail crisps in canada if you use some imagination ... 
   but that in tern benefits the citizens which have money or assets saved in those very same financial institutions . 
  should the governments just let them fail , taking with them everyones savings saleries and pensions ? 
  there is already a separate state guarantee ( which is required by eu law ) of the savings of depositors . 
  it is possible ( though tricky ) to allow banks to fail while distinguishing between the savings of retail customers and the investments of professional investors . 
   must be nice , living in a country with a working parliamentary system and an opposition that actually opposes stuff . 
  come to the uk !, 
  all our parties oppose stuff , even our government . 
  we do n't have any parties that are `` pro '' stuff any more ... 
   of course you have to count `` the '' , otherwise you can start discounting of as well and be down to 3 words : direction travel number . 
  he ca n't say that `` the direction of travel of the number '' is the equivalent of `` delta '' . 
  surely it is the equivalent of `` the delta '' . 
  if i have to count `` the '' , then he also has to count it as he could not have written the sentence without it . 
   think it 's fair to ask them to take up some of the burden when the time is right . 
  is joining the euro now considered to be a `` burden '' ?!, 
  when did this happen ?!, 
  i thought the euro was meant to be a benefit ? 
  [ the commission 's website does n't seem to be talking about burdens , but only about advantages . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/why/index_en.htm ) i see them talking about the euro bringing `` more jobs and greater prosperity for europeans '' . 
  if your argument for poland joining the euro is that it is fair that they have to shoulder the burden too , in my view you have lost the argument about the euro . 
   and immigration rates into the uk are at an all time high iirc , which just goes to show that being part of the eu has increased immigration and helped boost uk growth . 
  net immigration rates are not at an all time high . 
  they were at their highest between 2002 and 2008 , before the eurozone crisis . 
  the figures now are approaching those levels again . 
  this shows that high immigration into the uk does not depend on the eurozone crisis . 
   it specifically states they are from southern europe , which is the worst hit by the crises .
