  this is just not true . 
  source - i voted leave and no longer have any interest in being represented by ukip in the european parliament . 
   they ca n't write off the debts , they are denominated in euros . 
  by write off i mean default . 
  preferably in conjunction with the imf in an ordered way . 
   they would end up freezing themselves out of the international debt marking for basically forever . 
  it 'll be argentina 2.0 argentina is not permanently frozen out of the international debt markets . 
  history is full of nations that have defaulted and then subsequently rejoined the markets . 
   greece does n't have big export industry . 
  this partly because of the exchange rate . 
  by changing the exchange rate , one of the barriers towards exports is removed . 
  they are very self-governing . 
  the problem is not the amount of governance they have , the problem is that the eu has no mechanism to include them . 
  becoming a crown dependency does not solve this as there is no system whereby crown dependencies can be part of the eu under eu law . 
   if it is like les \u00celes-anglo-normands then the brexit would n't affect it the reason why jersey etc are not impacted is because they are not in the eu and not subject to eu law currently . 
  gibraltar is currently in the eu . 
   if i may ask , as i am of course not well informed on it , what is gibralter 's official status ? 
  it is a british overseas territory . 
  head of state is the uk monarch , but it has its own government , legal system , democracy etc. 
  uk looks after its defence and foreign affairs , but the rest it does itself . 
   with that said , though i ca n't attest to know much about how these tend to work , what if it became a bailiwick ( or something of the kind ) and self-governing like in jersey and guernesey . 
  gibraltar already governs itself . 
  it is not up to the uk to tell gibraltar how it is governed . 
  it is a decision for gibraltarians . 
  this article is somewhat interesting in the context of what happens to the remaining non-eurozone countries now ... 
   well , i for one , was expecting more from the 48 % what were you expecting from them ? 
  they lost a referendum . 
  what really can be done other than accept the result and move on ? 
   ladies and gentlemen , the intellectual caliber that eurosceptics see fit to represent them . 
  more than 17 million people in the uk voted to leave the eu - far more than have ever voted for ukip . 
  by voting for brexit we have voted to stop having meps represent us . 
  leaving the euro means that the greek currency can devalue , which will boost exports . 
   i do not think that the uk and germany are fundamentally too far apart to share a currency though . 
  i think we are too far apart . 
  the uk economy is services based whereas the german economy is manufacturing based . 
  economic shocks will impact these in different ways , which would , if our currencies could not float freely , have an impact on unemployment . 
  we 're better friends as nations if we do n't share common institutions ( in the long run ) . 
   a lot of this unemployment is not really just a matter of the eu , but a matter influenced very heavily by national governments . 
  otherwise would n't we see unemployment go up across the union and not in some countries a lot more than in others ? 
  the main reason why unemployment is so much higher in say , italy , compared to germany is because productivity and efficiency has improved much more in germany compared to italy . 
  while this is partly because of the actions of the german government , it is not that simple . 
  it is also because of german culture . 
  it is impossible to take the nation of italy and for the government to pass laws to turn it into germany . 
  there are some things that the italian government can do , but it will never be competitive with germany if its currency is fixed . 
  the uk tried having a fixed currency with germany and we found out it did not work ...  the biggest is that it is a fiscal union between states that are not economically equal this . 
  the only way it would have worked is if there were huge fiscal transfers . 
  it is not even that just the rich countries have low unemployment in fact many of the poorer countries have among the lowest unemployment . 
   okay i 'll stop this talk here because it 's ridiculous . 
  db should tell the us to go fuck itself it wont pay that 14 billion because economic crises are normal guys !, 
  the worst crisis since the great depression is a normal part of life , stop bitching people !, 
  i think you have misunderstood me . 
  my point is that if you look at the history of capitalism , there are regular examples of recessions . 
  even if , for example , some of the specific examples of wrong-doing in the last financial crisis had not occurred , there would still have been a financial crisis partly because of poor regulation and partly because there is no such thing as permanent economic growth without recessions . 
  and the wider point is that an inevitable recession was never going to hit the eurozone equally , it was always going to be assymetric , given the very different economies in the eurozone . 
  it was always going to hurt the med more than it hurt the north . 
  when designing the eurozone , it did not make sense to assume that there would never be financial crises , that recessions would never occur . 
  a currency needs to be able to perform well both in good times and in bad times . 
   i thought that was caused by the economic crisis ? 
  if the euro did n't help fix it , sure ... but let 's distinguish between cause and remedies that were brought . 
  economic crises are a normal part of capitalism and would of course have happened even without the euro . 
  but the eurozone did both make the crisis worse and also make it harder to remedy . 
   is there any alternative ? 
  alternative fur griechenland ?!, 
  the alternative is of course leaving the euro and writing off the debts . 
  anything else is just pissing into the wind . 
  they ca n't keep on with amend , extend and pretend . 
   what happens to their seats ? 
  if woolfe passes away , ukip can nominate someone else . 
  i 'm not sure what happens in the case of a conviction , but if he is removed from his seat ukip can nominate someone else . 
  but who really cares ? 
  we are leaving the eu . 
  british meps are now like fish riding bicycles . 
  you are making a distinction without a difference . 
  the people that believed in the eu project are the same people that believed in the eu . 
  they are one and the same thing . 
  the designed a flawed project that has caused a decade of high unemployment and low growth , with no end in sight . 
   they had to sell the idea back . 
  they did n't have to sell the idea . 
  they could have looked at the actual product they were selling ( which is the actual eurozone , not a pretend one in our heads ) and realised it was designed poorly and then not sold it . 
   but there is nothing in the statutes of the eu that say we can not have a common fiscal policy . 
  to get a common fiscal policy , you need to have stronger common political structures . 
  to have these , you have to have the consent of the people . 
  and this , is where things come unstuck . 
  what the eu did was to the easy thing first ( the common currency ) because it knew that people would reject the hard things ( common political structures and common fiscal policy ) . 
  the common currency should have been the last thing . 
   they are linked the same way the failure of schengen is linked to the eu . 
  it 's happening in the eu but the reasons of the failings tend to be more connected to the way things are done , not because of the measures . 
  but `` the way things are done '' is not some accident . 
  it was designed as a common currency without common fiscal measures . 
  and the people that designed it were the eu . 
  they have to take the blame for the way they designed the euro . 
   i would go easy on the eu failings , if i would be you , because currently the uk has the most incompetent and ignorant political class i have ever seen . 
  any failings that the uk has is really not a reason to ignore failings elsewhere . 
  reports by sky that his condition is life-threatening . 
  in some ways , this conflict we are now seeing within ukip post-brexit is illustrative of the death of ukip , which i think was always going to happen after brexit . 
  what is the point of a pressure group once it achieves its aim ? 
  ukip has one mp in westminster ( the parliament that actually matters post brexit ) who is not on terms with most of the party . 
  the first past the post system means that third and fourth parties always get squeezed and i expect ukip to decline further and further going forwards . 
  edit - sky now reporting no longer life-threatening . 
   why do you blame eu for your own problems ?
