  all this is true about us and australia , but some people like the stuff that the uk has , being close to european continent , other cultural things that uk has to offer etc. 
   but honestly with the low pound pound is currently at the same level against euro it averaged between 2009-20013 . 
  paris is a fantastic city and rivals london in lots of respect , frankfurt just does n't . 
  source : had a job interview in frankfurt two years ago - stayed for the weekend and was bored out of my mind . 
  as for exciting jobs , i think in a lot of sectors london has the edge . 
   but uk still remains a strong destination for people from the former/actual commonwealth that have no desire to learn a new language . 
  and by the same token it is a strong destination for people from non-english speaking countries that can be bothered to learn a language and choose english not german . 
   and what do those preferences entail ? 
  you do have cta but that 's very different from fom . 
  it entails irish citizens not being considered foreigners for the purposes of uk legislation , being able to vote in our elections , being able to stand for parliament , being able to join our army , being able to get all benefits/job entitlements that uk citizens can get , irish ambassador to the uk getting same entitlements as high commissioners of commonwealth countries etc. 
  ireland will get all this stuff after brexit too . 
   yeah , the question is will they still want to come to the uk if they can come to france , germany or sweden with much less hassle . 
  it is n't more hassle for most people in the world to go to the uk compared to france , germany or sweden . 
  uk needs to think about talent from around the entire world , not just one small corner of the world . 
   the problem is that eastern europe is now more close to us than uk and any treatment given to any eu country will have to extend to all eu countries . 
  the uk is already clear that it will give preferences to irish nationals , which is obviously the right thing to do . 
  sounds like the eu has already accepted this point . 
  i agree with you that you do n't need to be in the eu to be an attractive destination , other factors are also important . 
  uk has some factors which are important to immigrants , this is obvious . 
  i am not saying that the us is not a fantastic destination too . 
   my point is that you are not guaranteed to remain a popular immigration , particularly once eu citizens can no longer enjoy free movement rights in the uk . 
  australia , canada and usa somehow manage to be very popular destinations without eu citizens having free movement rights there . 
  think about the reasons for that . 
  those same reasons also apply to the uk . 
   you have a government which is explicitly targeting lowering immigration by at least 200,000 people . 
  the has not stopped the uk being a very popular destination for immigrants . 
   most important of all , most brits voted for brexit because they wanted to lower immigration . 
  the people that decide immigration policy in the uk will be parliament who are elected by the entire uk electorate and not just those who voted for brexit . 
  uk is fortunate in being a country which is extremely attractive for immigrants . 
  we currently have net immigration of around 300,000 a year . 
  because of the jobs and because of the language we do n't have difficulty in attracting immigrants . 
  if people are happy to move to usa or australia they will also be happy to move to uk . 
   given the fact uk has benefited greatly by the influx of cheap specialized personnel from eastern and southern europe , let 's see how this will play out for her country yeah , the good thing about brexit is that we can still have these people come to the uk . 
  napoleon and the french revolution were also pivotal in the uk 's relationship with the european continent ... 
  are militant atheists using chemtrails to poison the angels in heaven ? 
  did hitler live to an old age in argentina ? 
  can brussels budge britain ? 
  headline questions to which the answer is no ... 
   the potenial for a semi-nationalistic , controlled imigration and socially conservative party is huge in the uk , an that 's the voters may are going for . 
  may has a wide tent . 
  liberal free marketeers soft-libertarians like me will also vote for may . 
  she might not be exactly what we want , but we have nowhere else to go . 
  agree that she could close in on the high 40s which would be an extraordinary result . 
  sometimes you hear other things than le sourire too ;-), 
   as for being sane ... meh . 
  have you met the uk green party ? 
  they take insanity to a whole other level ... 
  i am sure a german or other knowledgeable person will correct me if i am wrong , but i understand the german greens to being open to ally with cdu , but less keen on the fdp . 
  however , given the chance of being in government or not being in government they would want to be in government . 
  greens in germany are a lot more sane than greens in lots of other countries . 
  yeah , i think there is now quite a chance of cdu , fdp and greens getting a government . 
  to me the west german linke politicians seem about as left as corbyn is here , which is just too far left to be acceptable for most people . 
  i see brits and germans as being fairly similar , we are just not up for that level of leftism . 
   inconsistent with the anglo-saxon media portrayal of merkel , but that 's no surprise . 
  i actually have not seen the anglo-saxon media portray merkel as unpopular any more than the french media or the italian media have . 
  i think the uk media considers the french election and considered the us election to be uncertain and having dramatic consequences , but the german election is completely less interesting . 
  pretty obvious that merkel is popular and germans will vote for her . 
  let 's not be surprised by this . 
  the schulz effect was a hugely overstated phenomenon . 
  in a world facing lots of change the germans are currently feeling very conservative , wanting stability and they will vote for mutti . 
  plus that whole rrg thing seems scary . 
  no , we voted out of the eu . 
  however , both the eu and the uk want a free trade agreement . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i also think free trade should be common sense and civility between neighbours . 
   too bad they threaten to stop doing that . 
  okay-ish guy brits ? 
  no cherry picking please !, 
  yeah - when i first found out that other countries did not have shadow governments i found that really surprising and get a wtf moment when the french or americans only seem to choose their candidates at the last moment . 
  in the uk 's constitution we have the concept of `` her majesty 's loyal opposition '' . 
  this has been around for a couple of hundred years i think . 
  it is kind of the way that the government gets held to account within westminster , pm by leader of the opposition , chancellor by shadow chancellor and so forth . 
  also , the shadow government get to be part of the privy council - thus have a role in advising her majesty directly . 
  so theoretically they should be able to govern at any moment . 
  a lot of the commonwealth countries have copied the so-called westminster system of government and also have the same shadow governments . 
  good old british public - vote to leave the eu and then keep calm and carry on shopping ignoring the experts . 
   while the us is somehow protectionist and against the eu . 
  the us is not protectionist against the eu . 
  the us is a massive importer of goods and services made in the eu . 
  it is n't stronger than i expected . 
  i expected that the british people voting to leave the eu would make no difference whatsoever to economic growth . 
  turkey is not a mature democracy . 
  the uk is a mature democracy . 
  there is no comparison between the uk and turkey . 
  the uk has a free press , a strong and independent judiciary and centuries of stability . 
  turkey not so much . 
   moreover , approximately half of the country will not tolerate being dictated by the other half . 
  not really . 
  most remain voters accept the result and think that the uk should , because of the result , leave the eu . 
  few people are seeking to overturn it . 
   for important decisions you need at least a double two-thirds majority , i.e. 
  two-thirds of the electorate have to show up to vote and two-thirds of those have to vote for the motion for it to be carried . 
  the two thirds majority is entirely arbitrary . 
  the majority get to decide . 
   nobody really wants to leave we do want to leave the eu . 
  i agree that as a matter of law the cjeu gets to decide . 
  however , i agree that the commission 's view of the law is the correct one . 
  this view is also the one the uk government has . 
  it looks like the lib dems will not campaign on remaining in the eu . 
  the house of commons will be filled with conservative mps who are elected on a manifesto commitment for a hard brexit .
