   so that 's taken into account . 
  while they recognised the problem , i am not sure if they really did solve it . 
  also , note that that poll is now a few months old and opinions may have changed since then , especially as political events are moving fast in the uk . 
   all economies inside the single market experienced net growth over their duration of membership . 
  but look at the way other non single market economies have grown during that time . 
  coincidence does not imply causation . 
  there are fast growing economies that are not in the single market . 
   this will change now , as there will be tariffs and other hinderances , which diminish the competitiveness of uk-based sellers . 
  whether or not there are tariffs or hindrances , depends on negotiation . 
  and , even if the eu puts in place tariffs and hindrances ( and i agree it might ) this still does not mean that the uk will ( partly because there are strong pressures in the uk government to keep inward trade tariff free ) . 
   at the same time , imports will become more expensive because of the same tariffs , causing inflation , companies will close branches in the uk to avoid the hassle with regulations and tariffs and more . 
  since the uk voted to leave the eu , many companies have opened new branches in the uk , growth has continued to rise and unemployment has continued to fall . 
   but i will gladly read some of your sources read any stuff by patrick minford , gerard lyons , ryan bourne for example . 
  this is a bit rude . 
  point to a single post in which indicates that i do not understand what the single market does ... 
   assuming you deal with multiple eu countries on a regular basis i also deal with countries outside the eu too . 
  those with better regulations are easier to deal with . 
   if the single market disappeared over night you would at the very least be dealing with a few times the bilateral red tape instead of just single market red tape . 
  it is n't going to disappear overnight , the eu is going to keep it . 
  i will be dealing with the same amount of red tape ( in relation to my dealings with the eu ) , but less red tape ( in relation to dealings with the uk and the rest of the world ) . 
   so what 's the problem with the single market from your perspective ? 
  this is a lengthy subject , but i think it is n't very democratic , it does not suit the uk 's own legal tradition and it inhibits regulatory innovation . 
   you 've wisely abandoned the `` every country on earth has access to the single market '' narrative you started . 
  i really do n't mind how you define `` access to the single market '' and am happy to debate with you using your definitions , even if those definitions are not how they are conventionally used . 
  i am afraid you have not showed me which prominent leave campaigner argued that the uk should stay a member of the single market during the campaign . 
   a poll of predominantly brexit voters split 50-40-10 . 
  that does n't even support your own assertion . 
  the poll was weighted to reflect national demographics and shows a majority wanting to leave the single market . 
   the thing about being inside the eu is it give certain advantages you can not obtain when outside , for some strange reason the uk thinks they can keep them . 
  the eu has some advantages and some disadvantages . 
  some countries think it has more advantages ( france , germany , serbia ) some countries think it has more disadvantages ( norway , switzerland , uk ) . 
   so when reality finally dawns they wont like it . 
  this reality has not yet dawned on norway or switzerland . 
  they still do n't want to be in the eu . 
  i am not sure why you think it will dawn on the uk . 
  actually , i do understand the single market . 
  ( i am a lawyer working in an area which is highly regulated by the single market regulation . ), 
   but it is an illusion to suggest that the uk will be permitted to leave the eu but then be free to opt back into the best parts of the european project , for instance by asking for zero tariffs from the single market without accepting the obligations that come with it i agree that it is not completely clear to me what he means by `` obligations '' . 
  what obligations does canada have for example ? 
  to me `` zero tariffs from the single market without accepting the obligations that come with it '' means obligations that come with the single market . 
  but the uk would not be a member of the single market , so why would it comply with the obligations that come with it ? 
   this is because you do n't seem to understand what the single market does for the uks economy . 
  everybody with a slight idea of economics knows that more potential buyers mean more potential growth . 
  note that there are some economists who think that the uk should leave the single market . 
  economists are divided on this question . 
  the single market does not just mean `` more potential buyers '' , it also means `` have to comply with a particular set of regulations '' . 
  not all economists think that those particular regulations are ideal for the uk 's economic growth . 
  note that there are fast growing economies outside the single market and very badly performing economies inside the single market . 
   being part of the single market is a big deal , i agree , it is a big deal and was the main reason i voted leave in the referendum . 
  i want the uk to leave the single market . 
  i am delighted that the uk government is planning on taking the uk out of the single market . 
   this is the problem i have with imprecise use of the term `` access to the single market '' . 
  i personally never use this expression unless i am communicating with someone else who is using it . 
   will let you decide your own tariffs and quotas usa , china , eu , india instead of saying this is what the deal is , come back when you are ready to sign it ? 
  under wto rules , the uk would be able to reduce tariffs on agricultural imports to zero if it wanted . 
  many countries would be pleased if the uk did that . 
  i would also be pleased . 
   the uk very much wants to have access to the single market in relation to membership of the single market ( i am assuming that you mean membership and not access ) then the uk is divided . 
  i personally do not want the uk to be a member of the single market . 
  i suspect that the uk cabinet is also divided . 
  nobody knows what may 's own individual preference is as she never really makes clear what her own political philosophy is . 
   however no deal will be made if the uk thinks it is getting a better deal than it already has . 
  why do you care what we think ?!, 
  just work out what kind of deal you want . 
  if the only aim of the eu is to create a deal that the uk does not like , that seems weird to me . 
   what exactly do you base this on ? 
  honestly , i find polling on single market membership extremely untrustworthy because i think so few people really understand what it means . 
  that was why i used the word `` seems '' in my post . 
  however , for what it is worth note that the sky poll of yesterday said that [ a majority of brits want out of the single market . 
  ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/sky-news-poll-britons-back-exit-from-the-eu-single-market-10732707 ), 
   uk threatened to slash corporate tax . 
  eu 's saying fine , well put tarrifs . 
  actually , verhofstat 's position seems to be that either you stay in the single market or there will be tariffs . 
  even if the uk does not slash taxes , there will still be tariffs if we leave the single market . 
   i 'm curious to see how carefully you think you have to word a statement for it to pass mustard . 
  when i use the expression `` membership of the single market '' , i mean eea . 
  switzerland has partial membership of the single market . 
  there is no universally accepted definition of `` access to the single market '' . 
   leave was publicly split on maintain single market membership which prominent leave campaigner or campaign was arguing for single market membership during the campaign ? 
   half your country outright opposes leaving the eu at the time of the referendum , 48 % were opposed , but given that we voted to leave , most people think that we should leave the eu . 
   and the other half is split on the single market this is not really the case . 
  as mentioned , look at [ the sky poll of yesterday ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/sky-news-poll-britons-back-exit-from-the-eu-single-market-10732707 ) and also the yougov poll of today . 
   post-fact britain . 
  this is really a very hostile way of debating with someone . 
   it 's the difference between having access to a series of doors by on one hand , needing to request a key for each door , and pay a fee whenever you use it , or on the other hand , having a badge that makes all doors open automatically when you approach . 
  this does not seem to stop the usa trading with the eu . 
   as it is , the uk wo n't be able to sell cars in the eu lots of countries seem to manage to do this from around the world . 
  the uk will be able to do this too . 
   and the food wo n't be as cheap as it used to be , this depends on multiple things , including as to whether the uk puts tariffs on agriculture from the eu or tariffs on agriculture from the rest of the world . 
  global food prices are lower than eu food prices so if uk just accepted global food prices , things would be cheaper . 
   sure , with tarrifs , quotas , wherever and however the eu decides . 
  uk is going to decide its own tariffs and quotas with the rest of the world though ( which is the most important thing ) . 
  yes , one of the reasons why the uk wants an fta would be the elimination of tariffs . 
  if the eu wants tariffs even with a fta , then that is one less reason for the uk to have an fta and one more reason just to go for wto . 
   no , they do n't , and those that do pay for it . 
  it really depends on how you define `` access '' . 
  personally i think it makes sense to say that the us has access to the single market ( given how much trade takes place between the us and the single market ) . 
  but if your definition of `` access to the single market '' excludes the us and in fact only includes `` members of the single market '' then so be it . 
   the leave campaign was very publicly split on this issue . 
  during the referendum campaign very few leave campaigners ( and none of the prominent ones ) were arguing that the uk should be members of the single market .
