  all eyes will be on ump or ps to see whether or not they 're too cowardly to endorse the loser of the first round . 
  i agree with you that the front republicain has n't fallen yet and 2017 is the key test , rather than what is happening now . 
  i think i 'm just making the point that when sarko says `` ni ni '' now the front republicain is severely damaged and i think that this will likely have some unforseeable implications . 
  i also think that the front republicain did n't used to just be something for politicians , but it also used to be something that french voters felt in their hearts . 
  now i think many ump voters prefer the fn to the ps , whatever the leaders of the ump say . 
  once these attitudes start to change , we enter a different world . 
  i also agree with you about 2022 . 
  if the french economy does not recover , sarko , likely the president , will be super unpopular . 
  the french love their revolutions . 
   no , we 're not . 
  we 're complaining about gypsies and sometimes about cheap eastern european labor but it definitely is n't a big of an issue as it is in the uk . 
  have you been to calais lately ? 
  there are definitely complaints there about immigrants . 
  [ there are also other questions about schengen generally , which is why it is now something that sarko is keen to re-open . 
  ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/vox/monde/2014/09/22/31002-20140922artfig00306-l-espace-schengen-ce-n-est-plus-possible-nicolas-sarkozy-a-t-il-raison.php )  this country is very much pro-eu . 
  which makes me think it is a bit surprising that you do n't want a referendum . 
   i do n't have an issue with that . 
  your government does have an issue with this , which is why it has not been able to comply with its obligations . 
   for my part they can have their referendum , most people in france will vote to stay in , no doubt about that , contrary to the uk . 
  and then nothing will be achieved . 
  but direct democracy !, 
  yay !, 
  a referendum does achieve things . 
  did you follow the scotland referendum ? 
   except for the whole gypsy issue , no one is seriously whining about eu immigrants here . 
  many many french people are whining about non-eu migrants who are able to get into france because of schengen . 
  if france were not in the eu and decided to control its borders it would be able to do something about this . 
   our economy is in a mess , not because of the eu but because we refuse to reform anything and think that the problems we have will fix themselves . 
  both issues can be fixed in paris , not brussels . 
  its a bit more complicated than that . 
  with the euro , france is required to observe the fiscal compact and have no more than 3 % budget deficit . 
  this is insane . 
  it makes no sense for france to be cutting spending so much when the french economy is weak . 
  in the uk , for example , outside the euro , we are able to have a budget deficit of 5 % . 
  also , outside the euro the uk is able to conduct a monetary policy tailored for the uk . 
  france can not do that inside the euro . 
  i agree that france has a lot of other reforms it should make . 
  however , it is not true that eu membership is irrelevant to this . 
  this is what i think . 
  those countries that want tax-payers to subsidise farmers should do that themselves . 
  those countries that do n't want tax-payers to subsidise farmers should be free not to . 
  i am definitely a person that does not want to subsidise farmers . 
   that 's the point , eu membership is not a divisive issue in france . 
  immigration and economic policies are . 
  both immigration and economic policy are related to eu membership . 
   i 'd like to hear arguments against av . 
  - the a/v system exaggerates landslides . 
  for example , blair would have had more seats in 1997 under a/v . 
  i do n't think landslides should be exaggerated in this way . 
  - the a/v system may give more seats to parties which are not people 's first preferences . 
  i prefer a system whereby parties do n't gain seats unless they are people 's first preferences . 
  i think it encourages parties to try and be preferred , rather than being happy to be the beneficiary of secondary choices . 
  you 're completely right , my statements were contradictory . 
  to clarify , my opinion is : - a majority of people educated themselves sufficiently to decide that the issue of whether the uk should use the fptp system or the av system was not something they much cared about and therefore not really worthy particular study - having decided that they were n't terribly interested in the matter at hand , people therefore decided to vote on the basis of other reasons ( e.g. 
  vote `` no '' because it represented the status quo and the people arguing to change it had not made a good case , vote `` no '' because the metropolitan liberal elite were all supporting `` yes '' , vote `` no '' because nick clegg would be annoyed and upset if they voted `` no '' , or in my case vote `` no '' because i preferred it as a system ) . 
   the scottish referendum was brilliant , regardless of which side you were on , purely because it got a very large section of the potential voters actually interested in politics and voting . 
  it 's much easier to ` hook ' people when talking about nationality though , people are very aware of whether they 're scottish or british , but how many people know the difference between av , fptp or pr , or are even interested in finding out . 
  it sounds like we 're more or less in agreement then . 
  in relation to french membership of the eu , in my mind it would be the kind of thing that french people would be very interested in , as it does end up relating to fundamental questions of identity and the position of france in europe and the world . 
  that strikes me as the kind of thing that many people are interested in , compared to the difference between a/v and stv which is a bit more of a struggle ... 
  this is why i think eu membership is a good thing for a referendum . 
   people just do n't do that though . 
  they 'll see a political advert on tv or on a big poster and will assume its all true without bothering to fact check it . 
  the people that care about voting systems ( you and me ) did educate ourselves . 
  i voted no . 
  i agree that some people do n't care about it . 
  i think you need to accept that a lot of people are just not interested in voting systems . 
  did you follow the scottish referendum on independence ? 
  did you think it should n't have taken place ? 
  when it comes to things that people care about , like scottish independence , people do educate themselves . 
  i think in the case of french membership of the eu , the people voting would be interested in the result . 
   obviously that 's the case , but should you be allowed to blatantly lie to achieve that goal ? 
  they have to operate within the law , which they did . 
   according to polls ump voters who decide to vote in a fn-ps second round are about 50/50 between the two . 
  this is relatively recent , no ? 
  it is a big shift in french politics . 
   should we let people vote for nonsense policies and extremist parties how are you going to stop people voting for extremist parties ? 
  the only way you can do this is by stopping people voting . 
   the no campaign made absolutely no effort to educate the public , and instead made multiple false claims about costs , coalitions , and multiple votes . 
  five minutes on google is enough to educate yourself on a/v . 
  it is n't hard . 
  the job of the no campaign was to win the referendum : not try to make the job of the yes campaign easier . 
  the yes campaign was a very poor one and they made many strategic errors . 
  the people to blame for that are the people that organised the yes campaign . 
   that is , if you want a legal job . 
  many of the immigrants just do it illegally . 
  this will continue to be the case . 
  a number of cheap immigrants that are determined to get to the uk will keep getting there . 
   if it 's ump vs fn in the second round then it 's the voters of ps and fg who will decide , not the ump . 
  it will depend on whether many of them stay home because they do n't like sarkozy or whether they choose him as the lesser evil . 
  in some of the contests , there will be a choice between the fn and the ps and thus ump voters will decide . 
  this is a political issue right now in france . 
  sarko is refusing to tell those ump voters to chose the ps over the fn . 
  this is an incredibly interesting development in french politics and kind of signifies the death of the front republicain . 
  we will see more of it on sunday , but in a sense there is already quite a bit of evidence from doubs in february . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  your argument is essentially that french people are too stupid or too racist to be able to decide an issue like eu membership . 
  that strikes me as absurd . 
  did you think that the scottish people should n't have decided on independence ? 
  it is essentially the same argument .
