  the uk has tried for 50 years to reform the cap but with hardly any success . 
  if we had had success earlier , perhaps our views might have been different . 
   what kind of cooperation do you want your country to do that is n't in your countries interests ? 
   voltaire also believed blacks were n't fully human . 
  both are indeed irrelevant to the topic . 
  the views of philosophers over the centuries on the uk 's tradition of liberties is certainly relevant to my claim that the uk has a long tradition of liberties . 
  i find it surprising that you think this view should be limited to tabloids . 
   still no . 
  there is a strong parliamentary majority in favour of this . 
  this is obviously relevant . 
   it is going to pass rulings that will conflict with pre-existing british legislation . 
  a key power of the echr is that it 's judgements take primacy over those of it 's member states . 
  you should know this . 
  you 're mixing up eu concepts `` member state '' , `` primacy '' , with the echr . 
  it is on quite a different footing from the cjeu in relation to `` primacy '' . 
   it 's strange that you 'd fail to bring them up and yet complain quite prominently about people disagreeing with your half-explained position then . 
  i 'm not complaining about people disagreeing . 
  i 'm complaining about the fact that you are downvoting me in breach of rediquette . 
   it 's the same petty jealousy . 
  this is not jealousy . 
  to think that a buget should not be fair is not jealousy . 
   exactly . 
  and that 's why you should n't get more subsidy or a rebate . 
  this is why we should get the rebate instead of the subsidy . 
  france spends it on farming . 
  the uk spends it on other stuff . 
   a sense of identity and a desire for independence is all that 's required . 
  if the people of bristol suddenly start consider themselves different and their interests threatened by policies hatched in london , you have no reason to deny them their brand new republic of free gloucester either . 
  if they were to use the democratic process to try and get independence i would certainly consider it . 
  however , it does n't seem to be happening . 
   circular reasoning , but that 's what we 've come to expect . 
  this is n't circular reasoning . 
  it is a conclusion based on a situation . 
  that 's not circular . 
   why not ? 
  if farming is worth subsidizing , why does that change when the farms happen to lie in france ? 
  when we would start subsidizing windmills , the uk would have much more than other countries , given their coastline , and i do n't see that as a problem either . 
  farming is not worth subsidising and nor are windmills . 
  it would be ridiculous if the eu started subsidising windmills and of course that would be a problem . 
   i should , if i said i want it as such what kind of cooperation do you want your country to do that is n't in your countries interests ? 
   we call that `` waffle iron policy '' here in belgium . 
  if one part of the federation gets a subsidy , then the other one has to get a subsidy too , whether it 's appropriate or not ( et . 
  harbor infrastructure ) . 
  it has caused some of the most wasteful and absurd projects in belgium . 
  i 'm not arguing for the uk getting more subsidies though . 
  the uk should not get subsidies . 
  i am just arguing for the uk not to contribute too much to current subsidies that france gets . 
   subsidies are not allotted per country , they 're allotted by farming activity . 
  farm more , then you 'd get more subsidies too . 
  the uk is half the size of france . 
  it ca n't farm more without becoming much more inefficient . 
   i do n't see why you 'd need to have had an independent polity before to be able to exercise your right to pull out . 
  i 'm using the international law concept of a `` people '' when it comes to a right to pull out . 
  i appreciate this a vague concept , but it is the best there is . 
   as expected , you still do n't answer because all this is just post hoc justification for your desire to exit . 
  all this kind of stuff is the cause of my desire to exit . 
   if there would be an equivalent to the echr in those respective areas , then yes i would feel so . 
  however , there is n't a court with that objective in mind . 
  i 'm not sure why `` areas '' should make any difference about rights ? 
  if rights can be specific to an `` area '' , like europe , why not also a nation ? 
   we can either agree or disagree with the judgement in that case , but there are thousands of other cases where you may agree with the echr and disagree with the uk courts . 
  disagreeing with one case is as reasonable a motive to leave the jurisdiction of the echr as an individual giving up his citizenship because he disagrees with one law passed . 
  i 'm not saying it turns on a particular individual case . 
  i just looked at one you yourself cited . 
  my point is more that as a matter of principle , the echr should not be able to trump specific legislation enacted by the uk parliament . 
   actually , the ultimate referee in term of human rights ( as it 's a very broad term ) is somewhat shared between international bodies and national governments . 
  one example that comes to mind is torture , a jus cogens norm . 
  that 's something that the icj deals with it , but not everyone recognizes its jurisdiction , and there 's no sanction for it . 
  that does n't mean it 's legal as international law is higher on the legal hierarchy than national law . 
  you 're simply not right with the statement that national courts have the final say . 
  i 'm not going to argue with this one , but different legal theorists have different views on this , as i am sure you know . 
  my point is not about something like torture anyway . 
   most developed countries have human right protections . 
  on the other hand , there are n't many other countries that are well-off that do well on that issue.for example , australia does n't even have a bill of rights . 
  australia 's legal system is like the uk 's . 
  the concept of rights was originally one in which you had the right to do everything except the specific things that were illegal . 
  that 's not really a problem in my view . 
  it does n't mean that in practice rights are less well protected . 
   however , i think that europe is doing better than most especially due to the echr protection ( not due to echr judgements necessarily , but due to the fact that there is another instance of appeal that gives individuals another chance ) in the uk , indviduals typically have the high court , the court of appeal and the supreme court ( in which typically five judges preside ) . 
  in my mind this is sufficient checks and balances . 
   if you contribute and receive the same amount in relative to gdp , there 's no redistribution and the exercise becomes pointless . 
  stop making circular arguments . 
  no , this is not true . 
  i am saying that all the rich countries should be net contributors . 
  that is redistributive . 
  but that rich countries should not be redistributing to each other . 
   you 're hypocritical if you say you want cooperation in general . 
  you do n't . 
  do you want contribution if it is not in the interests of your country ? 
   that must be why there 's a waiting list to get in . 
  not , unsurprisingly , from norway or switzerland . 
   the rest is paid by countries like greece , poland , portugal , italy etc. 
  they are paying for the uk now . 
  the uk is a net contributor . 
  those countries are just ensuring that the uk 's net contributions are the same size as france 's . 
   they are refusing to contribute their fair share like the others do . 
  what is fair ? 
  you think it would be fair if the uk , which has an economy roughly the same size as france , paid net contributions that were much greater than france . 
  this is not fair . 
   do you argue that your city should pull out of the uk when you do n't agree with a particular uk policy ?
