   turnout can still change of course , but at this point there 's a real probability that the 30 % threshold will not be reached . 
  if it 's not valid , the netherlands will have saved face after all . 
  from a ( common law ) legal perspective i find it somewhat odd that there is a turn-out threshold for an advisory referendum . 
  it is hard to see what the point of the threshold is if the government is still not mandated to follow it . 
  different legal systems , eh !, 
  so far this issue has not been mentioned very much in the uk press . 
  i would say that less than 3 per cent of the british public know that this referendum is taking place in the netherlands and very few people know what it is about ... 
  in addition to uk and ireland , normally cyprus and malta are good at the whole off-shore finance thing , what with being islands and having historical connections to the uk ... 
  wow , when dutch people start communicating with other dutch people in the dutch language on the internet , you know that shit just got real . 
  actually , it has gone down massively in absolute numbers . 
  [ un data suggests 1.2 million brits in the eu . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/03/29/brexit-would-trigger-exodus-of-british-expats-from-europe/ ), 
   :( i tried to make tea with whatever the hell this is before giving up and resorting to using a saucepan . 
  i 've not seen that thing in spain . 
  they are all over the place in italy and they are called la `` machinetta del caffe '' . 
  they make decent coffee but for tea i used a saucepan too ... 
  i just do n't understand why kettles do n't seem to have caught on in the continent . 
  they just seem so necessary . 
  how many of them speak danish ? 
   yes , the numbers have likely gone up since . 
  no , they have gone down . 
  as you know since that time the uk has experienced a massive surge in jobs , whereas many parts of the eu have been stagnant or in crisis . 
   apparently something like 2.2 million brits nevertheless reside in other eu countries . 
  this article cites data that is six years old . 
  it should be relied on with extreme caution . 
   yes , cameron , via national liberalism . 
  except in europe that part wo n't really work . 
  i ca n't believe i am reading this . 
  just because other parts of the world are not liberal democracies , this is a reason for the uk to reclaim its democracy , not offer it up on the altar of europhilia . 
   hell , even outside europe sovereignty as it would be presented by eurosceptics here is a joke . 
  the only truly sovereign nation is north korea . 
  switzerland . 
   so in the long term we can go back to slaughtering each other . 
  just like the uk intended . 
  the best way to avoid slaughtering each other is to promote liberal democracy . 
   so basically the guys want to sabotage the eu as much as possible to the benefit of ... ? 
  the uk . 
  the uk loves there to be a balance of power in europe . 
   summer is coming - votes will be below 30 % threshold ... end of story is early april a bad time for voter turn-out in germany ? 
  here it is a somewhat good time for voter turn out . 
   thanks . 
  i reckon a lot of people do n't fully appreciate the consequences until afterwards when they see how little foreign currency their pound buys compared with recent years . 
  back at the end of 2009 the pound and euro reached parity , yet nobody in the uk really minded . 
  the pound is currently a lot higher against the euro than that . 
   this may have much more severe consequences for the country , than a few thousand migrants . 
  no , the rest of the eu will be isolated and that will have very severe consequences for you . 
  the uk will embrace free trade with the rest of the world . 
   was n't the deal that should brexit pass but a majority in scotland voted against it that they 'd have a separate vote about joining the eu independent of the uk ? 
  scotland has hollyrood elections in may . 
  i do n't think manifestos have been published yet , but i expect the snp will not put a referendum in their manifesto ( which would sort of mean they ca n't have a referendum in the immediate future ) . 
   i was just pointing out the difference between genetic conditions and environmental conditions . 
  many thanks . 
  for the avoidance of doubt i understand the difference between these . 
  my point , that they are equally irrelevant to whether or not leaving the eu is a disaster , stands . 
  oh , so you agree with me . 
   you said this . 
  whether for or against any vote how can you make that assertion ? 
  read the full paragraph :  `` i disagree that low turn-out gives ammo to those that are in favour . 
  people that do n't turn out are not in favour . 
  the people that vote in favour are in favour . '', 
  and then in the same thread :  `` we do n't know their views . 
  they might be in favour , they might not be in favour . 
  obviously , when it comes to voting we have to consider the people that do not vote differently from people that do vote . '', 
  i 'm making the point that we can not judge the views of people that do not vote . 
  we can only judge the views of people that do vote . 
  we do n't know the views of people who do not vote and we can not use them to justify any position . 
   you 're born with blue eyes , you are n't born into cambridge university . 
  neither one has any bearing on whether or not leaving the eu would be a disaster for the uk . 
  it is a total non sequitur . 
   as a student at cambridge university ??? 
  what has this got to do with anything ? 
  i might as well write :  as a student at cambridge university , i maintain that leaving the eu would be a disaster for the uk as someone with blue eyes , i maintain that staying in the eu would be a disaster for the uk . 
   you 've lost entirely here . 
  of course people did n't vote but that in no supports your earlier assertion about those who do n't vote being of the same mind as those that do . 
  i did not assert that people who do n't vote are of the same mind as people who do vote . 
  i specifically and clearly said the opposite . 
   well we had a very low turnout for an eu referendum a decade ago , i think it was only around 33 % and it was defeated . 
  when the consequences were fully realised by the populace and a rerun was demanded the turnout doubled but the no vote actually did n't change from the first vote . 
  if you mean the nice referendum , the second time that ireland was asked to vote , turnout did n't double and remained low , but it did increase . 
  however , again , this does not mean that people that did not vote the first time round were in support . 
  the second time round many people continued not to vote for example . 
   how do you know that ? 
  we do n't know their views . 
  they might be in favour , they might not be in favour . 
  obviously , when it comes to voting we have to consider the people that do not vote differently from people that do vote . 
   well ... banking reforms might be a bit easier to push through once the uk is out . 
  which specific banking reforms are you talking about ? 
  the eu has already done massive financial services reforms in the last few years . 
  the uk is not part of banking union even inside the eu , so does not vote on law related to it . 
   no more saboteurs in the eu will benefit it in the long run . 
  you think we 're the only saboteurs ? 
  there are fundamental fault lines within the eu , between north and south when it comes to the eurozone and between east and west when it comes to the migrant crisis . 
  uk is irrelevant to both these crises . 
  uk leaving does not make them go away or make them any easier to solve . 
   i think it 's good to mention that the government should be free to ignore the verdict if the majority of all people eligible go vote wo n't show up , which is going to be the case . 
  probably around 35-40 % of all voters ( at most ) will show up - and that gives extra ammo towards those that are in favor ( which is already the status quo ! ) . 
  i disagree that low turn-out gives ammo to those that are in favour . 
  people that do n't turn out are not in favour . 
  the people that vote in favour are in favour . 
   geenstijl is the media outlet in the netherlands that comes closest to the british tabloids like the daily mail , and rewarding their publicity stunt would also be a bad sign .
