  but traditionally british people have been very honest and trusting about this kind of thing . 
   i referred to the notion of forming a german/french block this happened already more than 50 years ago . 
   american policy is to subjugate europe with germany at its head conspiracy theory much ? 
   it would be hilarious if they actually left the eu only to have scotland declare independence as a result the scottish independence referendum is taking place this year , before any uk referendum on leaving the eu . 
   also first time voting in the uk for me , was a bit surprised to see voting here is not as secret as i was used to ( ballots are not anonymous , booths are not closed etc. . ) yeah , i guess we have a different tradition of voting ... also , were you surprised that you did n't need to take any id to the polling station ? 
   it 's frustrating to coordinate eu foreign policy when one country immediately runs to tell the rest of the anglo block ( i.e. 
  usa , canada , australia , nz , japan ) what the eu plans on doing . 
  you 'll be able to co-ordinate eu foreign policy fine when the uk leaves the eu . 
   this is what might happen if britain maintains its constant attempts to frustrate european policy making . 
  eventually the others will move on without you . 
  this would be a major blow to british prestige and influence . 
  this is not an attempt to exclude the british . 
  the british are already not in schengen and have absolutely no plans to join schengen . 
  this is an attempt to reduce immigration to france from eastern europe . 
  this will make absolutely no difference to britain . 
   quite possible to confuse people ... would n't be surprised if they skimmed a certain amount of votes off the ukip vote . 
  and it is frankly scandalous that the electoral commission has allowed this . 
  lib dems are definitely going to be wiped out in scotland ... 
  there is a chance that lib dems keep one seat in london or south east of england . 
   are the greens any more popular than last time ? 
  it appeared not to me last time they got 8 % of the vote . 
  it is hard to predict what their share will be this time , but there is a chance that they gain from the libdem collapse . 
   i support democracy and local freedom so today i voted for sverigedemokraterna ( the swedish democrats ) hopefully they will move power from brussels back home i feel sorry for swedish people who are eusceptic as you do n't have good candidates . 
  it is a shame there is no swekip ... 
   what you posted is him walking back his earlier statements that he wanted to toss them out this does n't say he wants to toss anyone out . 
   good to know he wants to toss us out but admits it 's difficult in practice . 
  a ukip government could in practice chuck you out , but it is n't ukip policy . 
   combine that with the xenophobic bullshit him and other candidates are spewing , and it 's not exactly hard to feel your livelihood being threatened by ukip becoming larger . 
  the message from the party to me is that i am unwanted , there 's no way around that . 
  i do n't see that your livlihood is remotely threatened . 
  100s of thousands of people choose to come to immigrate to the uk from both within and outside the eu every year . 
  if they are n't worried i have no idea why you are . 
   not in the timeframe mentioned . 
  how long have you been in the uk ? 
   be pro-europe what do you mean by pro-europe ? 
  i am pro europe in the same way that i am pro-asia and pro-africa and pro-america . 
  this does n't mean that the uk needs to federalise with these places . 
   pro-at-least-some-immigrants would vote ukip i am pro-immigration , but i think the uk 's policy on immigration should be decided by the uk government . 
  that 's a reaso to vote ukip . 
  the uk is also strategically located and has huge other advantages too : links over the entire globe , english law , legal system , soft power , nuclear weapons , large economy , large military , shale gas , long tradition of stable democractic governance and so forth . 
  the idea that it would n't survive outside the eu is ridiculous . 
   yes i know . 
  but i tagged you so i do n't get drawn into silly arguments with you i think we can have different views without `` silly arguments '' ... 
   tiny island packed to the brim with 60 million people , whose economy relies heavily on trade with the economic superpower that lies 20 miles away . 
  your points make no sense . 
  population density and natural resources are n't conclusive factors : much more important factors are governments . 
  look at singapore 's resources and population density and compare them with the congo . 
  this tiny island packed to the brim with 60 million people has done fine so far . 
  i think we 'll continue to do fine once we have left the eu . 
  the eu is going to continue to trade with the uk . 
   farage has himself said that two million eu citizens currently in the uk would have to apply to stay . 
  can you find the source for this please ? 
  i 've seen him say : '' [ you ca n't change the law retrospectively -- anyone who 's come here legally , you ca n't say you ca n't be here legally . 
  you might say there 's a slight change to your long-term benefit entitlement but you ca n't say to people who have legally come that you ca n't be here . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/apr/22/nigel-farage-ukip-european-elections-campaign ) ''  should i , for instance , want to establish a family , i would not receive any sort of help from the government i 've supported with my hard-earned money for years . 
  if that 's not telling me to fuck off , i do n't know what is . 
  you can become a british national if you want though . 
  haha . 
  i am not hiding it :-), 
   a party that wants me as a european to get the fuck out of the country ca n't pride itself with being for europe . 
  ukip policy is that everyone who has come to the uk lawfully can stay . 
  if canada , america , australia and new zealand all do fine outside the eu , then the uk can too . 
   most brits can be stereotyped into three categories : those who read the guardian , those who read the telegraph and those who read the dailymail . 
  i read the ft , the telegraph , the guardian , le figaro and le monde . 
   dear europe , please can i keep the proportion of my wages funded by the eu ? 
  what proportion is this ? 
   will you still come to visit our country for a drink or 25 ? 
  perhaps we can do a deal :-), 
   no , he does n't want to get a new job , because he gets a better salary as a waiter in london that as an engineer in hungary . 
  and he enjoys it . 
  but what about becoming an engineer in london ? 
  that would be an even better salary , no ? 
   my buddy left hungary a year ago . 
  he worked as an engineer in a printing house , now he works in london as a waiter . 
  why did he do this ? 
  why did he choose london , not somewhere else in europe ? 
  is he trying to get a different job in london eventually ? 
   would n't it be a waste , for all those good engineers to spend their time doing jobs they probably are overqualified for , and not maximizing their potential ? 
  i mean , google hires a lot of romanian engineers , so we must be good for something . 
  i agree , it is a waste . 
  i am just pointing out the problems that will arise for those countries . 
   the only solution i see to this issue , is more foreign investment in eastern europe , so we do n't have to leave if we want a professional challenge and a fulfilling career . 
  where is this investment going to come from ? 
  dear big ostrich , if you are talking about the political europe , it makes sense to use the expression `` eu '' , rather than `` europe '' , which also describes the geographical , historical and cultural reality . 
  personally i would stay in the eu if i thought it were reformable . 
  however , reform means something different to different people . 
  a majority of eu politicians think reforming europe means making a federal europe and the uk does not want this . 
  i do n't think it makes sense for the uk to be in the union any more . 
  we can still be friends even once we have left anyway . 
   the moment schengen ends , the eu is over . 
  as simple as that . 
  free movement of citizens schengen and free movement are not the same thing . 
  for example , the uk and ireland are in the free movement of workers zone but not in the schengen-zone . 
   i 'm a software engineer , and i would love to work at google or facebook , rather than at a small sw development firm in bucharest . 
  therefore , i 'm always going to pursue a job at google or facebook , be it either in north america or nw europe . 
  i completely understand your personal choice and i am sure that in your position i would do the same thing . 
  however , if all the good engineers in eastern europe do the same thing as you , this is a disaster for eastern europe ( and does not seem to be something that the eu is capable of addressing ) . 
  dear europe , note that there are many of us in the uk who love europe and do n't want the uk to stay in the eu . 
  europe and the eu are not the same thing !, 
  this kind of thing is `` best case scenario '' for the uk .
