  in any case , the age of the large bank dominating the city is finished as finance becomes disintermediated . 
  the city is much more than ten or so large banks . 
  it comprises a huge number of financial institutions , professional advisors , insurance companies , hedge funds , alternative investment vehicles , private equity firms and so forth . 
  it is the largest banks ( that are effectively able to lobby brussels in relation to regulation ) that benefit most from the eu . 
  they were wrong about the euro and they are wrong about the eu . 
   and would you say that , currently , more people like or dislike the echr ? 
  i 'm actually not aware of this question ever having been particularly addressed by polling . 
  i suspect that it is fairly finely balanced . 
   i have acknowledged this subjective perception the first time you mentioned it . 
  whether the uk is within the jurisdiction of the echr and the relationship between that court and our courts is a political question which political parties should answer for . 
  inside the eu our decisions in this regard are limited , which is effectively a limitation on political process . 
  this is very regrettable for our democracy . 
   if you want to cut off your nose to intentionally damage the city that 's your business , but it 's the single most important entity in the british economy . 
  the city will benefit from being outside the eu . 
  the city is a global financial centre in an increasingly globalised world , where capital is ultimately not restricted along continental lines . 
  what makes the city so successful are things like the english language and our common law legal system and our ability to put in place a sensible regulatory regime . 
  inside the eu we increasingly lose our power to regulate and handover that power to brussels . 
  this will be hugely damaging . 
   i do n't think that a large british party would want to nationalize banks and important industries . 
  during the financial crisis , lloyds/hbos and rbs were nationalised . 
   without the eu , the echr would have no more power than a random un court . 
  whether the uk wants to give the echr more power or less power is ultimately a political question which elected politicians should be able to argue , explain and answer for their decisions . 
  there are people that like the echr and there are people that do n't like the echr : that is part of politics and part of democracy . 
  personally i am not afraid of that democratic process . 
  inside the eu , that political process is restricted , which is regrettable . 
  with a few parties hovering around the 4 % threshold , this could all get interesting ... 
   the eu is a massively beneficial organization for us to be a part of economically , politically , diplomatically and as far as human rights and judicial options for the citizens of the uk are concerned it 's an enormous boon . 
  the checks on state abuses through organs like the european court of human rights are immensely important . 
  the fact that you seem to be ignorant that the european court of human rights is not an eu institution is illustrative . 
  there are countries outside the eu which are within the jurisdiction of the european court of human rights . 
  this is a question which is separate from eu membership . 
   a vague allusion to `` other countries '' surviving outside is not exactly compelling reason to give these benefits up . 
  this is not vague . 
  there are many countries in the world like canada , australia , singapore , south korea , iceland , new zealand , norway , switzerland that flourish outside the eu . 
  the uk would obviously be able to do this too and it is astonishing that you have so little confidence in the uk that you think it could n't . 
   i 'm curious to how poor your understanding of the uk political structure is where you think the eu is at all damaging it eu membership means that political decisions impacting the lives of people in the uk are taken by officials who are not accountable to the people of the uk . 
  this is regrettable for democracy : it removes the ability of a people to change the way they are governed . 
   when i see people outright lie about border controls , european immigration to the uk and the uk 's ability to deal with non-eea nationals i tend to think these people have agendas they are n't telling us about . 
  given that i have not mentioned these things it would be helpful if you did not raise them as strawmen . 
  my agenda is a clear one . 
   and then there 's the majority of us who do n't want our jobs , private lives and business ties to suffer there are many countries in the world which survive outside the eu and where jobs , private lives and businesses flourish . 
  perhaps you do n't have confidence in the uk and do not think we are able to survive as an independent country ? 
  i do believe in britain personally . 
  the eu is no guarantor of jobs and businesses - we see the devastation the single currency has wrecked on the eurozone periphery . 
   purely to satisfy the nationalist paranoia of a short-sighted minority . 
  wanting the uk to leave the eu is not nationalist paranoia any more than norwegians and swiss wanting to stay out of the eu is nationalist paranoia . 
  it is about returning democracy to our own democratic institutions and making our politicians more accountable to our electorate . 
  calling it nationalist paranoia is simply a demostration that you want to shut down the discussion . 
   i find it curious that all are up in arms about the afd , kl\u00f6ckner is explicitly mentioning the fdp but nobody is voicing concerns about the fact that die linke is also not allowed . 
  that 's because the only reason linke have been exluded is because greens and spd refuse to be platformed with afd . 
  nobody is refusing to be platformed with linke . 
   well , it and every other major corporation and banking firm . 
  this is not true . 
  some parts of the city are in favour of `` leave '' as are some major corporations , though obviously large financial entities benefit from being in the eu whereas smaller players are harmed . 
  others have indicated that they do n't have a preference and are committed to the uk whatever the outcome . 
   well , is n't corbin an example for this changing however ? 
  from what i have read , there is quite a bit of ideology involved there . 
  i think the labour party will get rid of corbyn this year . 
  the british electorate that did not think much of milliband would destroy corbyn in a general election . 
  i do n't think corbyn changes things , he is just a temporary moment of madness that we will all laugh about in due course . 
  but , that is the exciting thing about history and politics . 
  it is never final , finished and certain . 
  we will always have to wait and see how events turn out and argue it in due course . 
   it might also have to do with the voting system . 
  i 'd say it is partly the voting system ( which encourages centrist positions in fptp ) and partly national character and history , with british people having a big distrust of ideology . 
   due to the party being unconstitutional ( it 's under examination by the constitutional court currently . ), 
  that 's interesting : we do n't have a constitutional court in the uk so everything is constitutional  and there are n't really limits on parties in that way . 
  extreme left in the uk is also russophile . 
  back in the day they wanted the uk to join the warsaw pact . 
  essentially the extreme left define themselves by what they are opposed to , rather than by what they are for . 
  they are opposed to the west and anglo-saxon civilization generally and because putin is also opposed to these things , they end up supporting putin . 
  this kind of absurd logic is why the far left in the uk can find itself supporting islamic fundamentalists that want to make homosexual activity illegal etc. . . 
   i would say : either you invite only the two top contenders for office or you invite everybody that has a realistic chance of getting into the parliament . 
  i largely agree with this , but prefer the second alternative ( as elections are not just about choosing a government but also about choosing a legislature ) . 
   there must not be a selection bias ( however i would absolutely agree with an exclusion of our neo nazi party even if they had a chance ) . 
  here i think a difference in approach between what works in the uk and what works in germany is to do with our different histories and cultures . 
  it is a bit like `` holocause denial '' being illegal in germany but legal in the uk . 
  we do n't have any far right / neo nazi political parties in the uk any more ( the bnp deregistered with the electoral commission after only receiving a few thousand votes in the general election ) . 
  however , my preference even with them would be to give them a platform and defeat their arguments and trust the good sense of the electorate . 
  but , different things work in different countries , 
  there was an argument about the debates before the general election in the uk . 
  however , the question over which parties are `` major parties '' ( and therefore broadcasters had to cover them in depth ) is a decision made by the electoral commission , who have to consider a range of factors . 
  this left the broadcasters little room in terms of choosing the parties . 
  my point remains , though , that if the broadcasters held their ground , the greens would have the option to participate or be empty-chaired . 
  presumably within the parliament itself , once afd are elected , the greens will have to debate afd in order for parliamentary business to function ? 
  it therefore seems odd not to speak to them in the debates prior to the election . 
  it is a shame that the broadcasters are changing their preferred positions because of the greens . 
   the point is , that most if these topics would n't be debated at all . 
  they are just not relevant for the other parties , and many are in general not relevant on the state level . 
  this will take much time for the topics which are relevant for all parties , and where they are also often pretty different . 
  the decision of what is relevant should not be made by all the parties except for one , it should be made by all the parties . 
  if a topic genuinely is n't relevant for the electorate , then that will show up in the debate and in the election . 
  if a particular political party has nonsensical positions , then they should be scrutinised within the debate and shown to be nonsensical that way . 
  presumably the host of the debates is sufficiently competent to allocate time to particular topics ? 
   that was n't my point . 
  my point is that it might end in e.g. 
  not having time to debate relevant topics in depth like different stances e.g. 
  our national park or our train networks , or also the housing of refugees and integration politics . 
  this is the job of a competent host of the debates . 
  completely exluding discussion of a topic that is relevant to a particular party is pretty shady .
