  the people that won the referendum were the tory party free trade enthusiasts . 
  they ran vote leave and they are in government . 
   predictions of a british economic downturn were predicated upon the repeated and public promises by the british prime minister david cameron that he would action article 50 , the legal point of no-return on leaving the eu , immediately after a leave victory , not upon the non-binding referendum result . 
  even if those predictions were made on the basis of false assumptions , then we should still challenge them . 
  economic predictions are only helpful if they are made on the basis of realistic assumptions . 
  in my view it was always more realistic that the uk government would not trigger article 50 immediately , this was what made most sense and was what vote leave recommended . 
  it would therefore have made sense for economists to have made predictions based on the possibility of the uk government doing what it actually did , which was plan for brexit before triggering article 50 . 
  that would have made those forecasts much more helpful , which is the sole purpose of forecasts . 
  however , you are wrong to state that these forecasts were all made on the basis of article 50 being triggered immediately . 
  several forecasts were made after the uk voted to leave and article 50 had not been triggered ( e.g. 
  [ imf july forecast ] ( https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2016/update/02/ ) and [ european commission autumn 2016 forecast ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/info/business-economy-euro/economic-performance-and-forecasts/economic-forecasts/autumn-2016-economic-forecast_en ) . 
   you 've repeated this lie time and again your tone is too hostile for this forum , please change it . 
   nick clegg who was then the leader of the lib dems said that he was n't willing to hold an in/out referendum unless there was major treaty change . 
  i think you are misremembering here . 
  [ clegg never ruled out a referendum . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/apr/15/nick-clegg-refuses-to-veto-in-out-eu-referendum ) he was asked about it repeatedly during the campaign , [ but never ruled it out . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-2015-32588746 )  no , he was confident on winning and just wanted to get the whole thing over with . 
  i think you are wrong here and wanted an early referendum to maximise his chance of victory . 
  if you read the various accounts of the referendum ( oliver 's , shipman 's ) they support my view . 
   which one and who ? 
  vote leave was only established after the election and was n't made official until 3 months before the referendum . 
  before that there were several who wanted official status . 
  it seems to me that bias is seeping in . 
  vote leave wanted a longer timetable . 
  i was heavily involved in vote leave . 
  repeatedly they discussed timetable and the consensus view was that the longer the timetable the better for them . 
  the people who ran vote leave had this position well before the campaign was formally established . 
  i have no idea what leave.eu or other campaigns wanted . 
   it is very likely that you have much better negotiators . 
  i do n't think that there is any rule whereby large nations have better negotiators than small nations really . 
  how good negotiators are is a function of how well they are trained , how much experience they have , how much they are paid . 
  uk is behind the curve on this , but we will learn . 
  look at singapore or korea for small countries with good negotiators . 
   you are a much bigger market . 
  i 'm still not sure if it really is the case that a bigger market is an advantage in trade negotiations if the bigger market is not so open to free trade because , for example , it has protectionist instincts . 
  to me the party which is most keen on free trade has the advantage here because they will be easiest to work with . 
  if both parties have aligned objectives , size does n't matter . 
   you actually run a significant export surplus with lebanon ( for example ) . 
  you are ( technology-wise ) much more competitive than they are . 
  lebanons producers very likely are more afraid of your producers than vice versa . 
  i am losing the thread of this argument , but obviously if lebanon does not want to open up its markets to uk exports , it will be hard to persuade them to do so . 
  but i do n't think that has much to do with size . 
   i do not think we have different aims in free trade . 
  the aims are always the same : increase prosperity for both sides by increasing trade while making goods cheaper . 
  if this is the case then an agreement between the uk and the eu will be incredibly easy as we will both have the same aims  if everyone has the same aims , then it is hard to see why you also think that large nation is favoured over the small nation - they will both have the same preferred outcome . 
   i sincerely doubt that they will go that far into that direction . 
  full-on free trade is n't realistic and very hard to sell politically . 
  i agree that explaining to people `` comparative advantage '' is tricky . 
  it is also the case , regretfully , that producers have a lobbying advantage compared to consumers , which can give them a political advantage . 
  but remember that the british political system is designed to allow determined and united minorities to defeat divided majorities . 
  think of the things that thatcher managed to sell politically , while never having a majority in the nation behind her . 
  free trade seems easier than this . 
  tory party just needs to push this as hard as they can and keep the opposition divided . 
  do n't underestimate the people that just won the referendum - we are on our next project and let 's see how far we can push it !, 
   hoped that there would be another coalition in 2015 so he could drop it . 
  i do n't think he hoped there would be a coalition . 
  all the actions that the conservative party did in the 2015 general election campaign ( specific targeted campaigning in lib dems seats for example ) indicated that they wanted to get an overall majority . 
  cameron also repeatedly said in the campaign that the referendum was a red line . 
  also the lib dems did not say that not having a referendum was a red line for them . 
   voting for it , attempts at renegotiation and then campaigning happened within the space of a year this all happened in just over a year . 
  but this was the timetable cameron wanted because he thought it gave him the best chance of winning . 
  the leave campaign wanted a longer timetable . 
   the eu one was rushed through cameron promised it in january 2013 . 
  it took place in june 2016 . 
  a lot of thought went into it ... 
  as a matter of law it was non-binding , that is correct . 
  but prior to the referendum , the government and multiple politicians promised to respect the result . 
  obviously , if they had not made those promises and been clear to the british people that they would likely ignore the result by labelling the referendum an opinion poll , then things would have been very different . 
  for one thing , i probably would not have voted or campaigned . 
  the reason i campaigned and voted was exactly because the government and politicians promised that they would respect the result . 
  things might have been different if our parliament had labelled the referendum differently , i agree . 
  i am not sure if i would have bothered campaigning and voting on something labelled in that way . 
  i also do n't think our parliament would have passed legislation labelling the referendum as a non-binding opinion poll . 
   i simply said that the uk would be in a much better negotiation position here and it would look out for its own interest . 
  i disagree that being a larger economy puts you in a better negotiation position and i am still not sure of why you think it does . 
  perhaps you and i ( and our respective countries ) have different aims for free trade - in which case it makes sense for us not be negotiating them together . 
  the fact that we will now be negotiating them separately will also give us a good chance to compare approaches in the future . 
   you are n't part of your government yet   and your government is n't taking the same stance as you . 
  the uk government has a unique opportunity to radically rethink a lot of stuff . 
  so far , it has not yet confirmed its approach to free trade , but from what i have read it is going to be pushing hard a free trade agenda . 
  free trade fundamentalists like me have been lobbying for this incredibly hard and so far it sounds like we are being listened to . 
   the british economy doing fine at the moment does n't really tell us much . 
  it tells us that those people that predicted that the uk economy would be harmed by the vote to leave ( hmt , boe , european commission , imf etc ) got things wrong in their predictions . 
  that of itself tells us something interesting . 
   i am not asserting anything , i ca n't really know , my point was that neither can you . 
  i read your statement `` likely higher '' to be an assertion . 
  i am also making an assertion that we do not have evidence for `` likely higher '' . 
  but it sounds like we are both very much agreed that we can not really know . 
  unfortunately i do n't read dutch , but i am also not sure that articles about dutch companies complaining about cancelled deals with british companies would be any evidence for the uk economy being impacted by the vote to leave the eu . 
   why does everyone act like brexit has actually happened ? 
  the british people decided to leave the eu in a refenderum . 
  that 's it . 
  nothing else has changed . 
  the day of the referendum nothing changed and everything changed . 
  laws , regulations and institutions did not change , but the uk passed the point of no return in relation to our involvement in the eu project , something with profound historical consequences and an inevitable impact on laws , regulations and institutions . 
  an economy functions not just on the basis of simply laws but animal spirits and cultural factors too . 
  entities in an economy do not act now just on the basis of current laws , regulations and institutions but also on the basis of their expectations of those to come and those expectations did change on 23 june . 
  switzerland has a very fine democracy which i admire greatly and i do think that the uk has lessons to learn from them . 
  the uk 's democracy and the swiss democracy emerged from different political and cultural traditions and partly because of those traditions the uk referendum looked , sounded and felt extremely different from the swiss type . 
  but i think , with the benefit of hindsight , we in the uk can be very proud that our leaders decided that it was right to check with the people whether eu membership was acceptable to them and when the answer came they respected it .
