   that does not change the fact they did at the time , nor the fact an imminent triggering of the article would take place . 
  if predictions are made solely on the basis of particular assumptions , they become worthless if those assumptions later prove to be incorrect . 
  this is why all economists should be mindful of how realistic their assumptions are , when they come to make predictions . 
  they should not limit themselves only to particular assumptions . 
  in the case of brexit , i agree that it was realistic to consider the possibility that the uk government would immediately trigger article 50 . 
  but it was not realistic to discount the possibility that this would not occur . 
  for one thing , it was always more likely that the uk government would do preparatory work first . 
  for another thing , note that multiple politicians had said prior to the referendum that preparatory work would be done before triggering article 50 . 
  vote leave were always clear on this - article 50 would not be triggered immediately . 
   means that predictions after november would be better than those from before . 
  the article relates to a prediction made in november , not one made before november . 
  by november , it was already clear that the uk government 's position was to prepare for brexit before triggering article 50 . 
  so given this , the eu should have been able to take this into account . 
  i 'm not sure if you had a chance to read the article , but note that it discusses the eu 's upwards revision compared to its prediction made in november 2016 . 
  obviously , by november 2016 , it was completely clear that cameron 's promise of an immediate trigger of article 50 was not something people should rely on , because it had n't happened . 
   given that the initial expectation was for an immediate exit with no plan at all nobody really thought this would happen . 
  i miss those classic telephone boxes !, 
  france for example is allowing people to file documents in english . 
  this is an improvement . 
  the problem is not how he voted , it him revealing publicly how he voted . 
   cherry picking . 
  that 's basically saying : `` the uk only wants the freedoms with benefits , and refuses the freedoms with costs . '', 
  which freedoms with costs does your country want ? 
  uk is simply proposing a free trade agreement , like canada/eu fta . 
  if eu does not agree , fine , no agreement . 
  the relationship between eu and switzerland is none of the uk 's business and irrelevant to us . 
  you can organise that however you like . 
  the uk and switzerland will put in place their own fta between themselves . 
  that will be none of the eu 's business . 
  we should let new teams in ... 
  this is partly why i support relegation from the six nations , and the best team in the rugby cup getting promoted . 
  it would increase incentives . 
  it keeps the peace . 
  it also helps eastern european countries maintain their democracies . 
  this is in the uk national interest . 
  the uk did not have leverage because it could not make free trade agreements itself . 
  now we are leaving the eu , we can . 
   banks operating in the uk on basis of the laws of another sovereign state , not uk laws . 
  care to explain since this seems a bit weird coming from the country where sovereignty was an argument when a truckload companies do n't even need to care about uk regulations . 
  sovereignty means not having other people force their laws onto you . 
  it does n't mean you have to try and force your laws onto them . 
  i am completely relaxed about buying anything produced to the laws of the standards of your country . 
  i respect your law making process . 
   the eu wo n't start deregulating because of the uk . 
  it is not about deregulation , but better regulation : safe regulation that encourages competition . 
  that is the race for the next few years . 
  we are already preparing for it in the city . 
  eu needs to improve here too . 
  we already seeing various eu countries try and improve their regulatory framework after brexit . 
  it is already working :-), 
  why would anyone accept burdens ? 
  trade benefits everyone . 
  by wanting trade , the uk is proposing something that benefits everyone . 
  i ca n't understand why you created a union with loads of burdens in it . 
  i agree that the eu is going to have difficulty accepting free trade with the uk , but the uk should still remain completely open to trade with the rest of the world , put no tariffs on imports from eu etc. 
  brexit is complicated . 
  i voted brexit partly because the eu was making the uk too closed : eg tariffs and quotas on the rest of the world . 
  i want the uk to stay completely open to the eu in terms of trade , but also open itself to the rest of the world . 
  obviously , if you do n't want open trade with the uk , then that is your democratic choice . 
  we can not force you on this . 
  yeah - maybe that is it . 
  on the other hand juncker has always loved the banter and the alcohol , just like farage ... 
  of course , regulations are the most important thing . 
  but the uk had always allowed banks in the rest of the world to offer financial services into the uk on the basis of their own regulation , rather than forcing them also to comply with uk regulation . 
  in my mind , being open to other countries in terms of regulatory recognition is crucial . 
  uk is also very flexible with things like freedom of contract . 
  provided the uk does not build any regulatory wall , we will be fine . 
  the good news is that the eu will be forced to improve their laws on financial services . 
  we all gain . 
  free trade agreements should cover financial services . 
  uk is going to pushing for them for them to be included from now on . 
  seems sensible to me . 
  uk lets pounds be traded anywhere . 
  the key to having a successul financial services centre is openness . 
  people that care about nato , would support this . 
  i care about this stuff . 
  i am actually home from the supermarket , they had lettuce , olive oil , everything apart from courgettes . 
  but then i remembered i hate courgettes . 
  i am not really true english - my mother is irish . 
  but the irish drink tea as much as the english do - so i will be careful !, 
  to me juncker never seemed like a moron ... 
  i did not agree with his politics very much , but he did strike me as somewhat competent with most of what he did . 
  i know this puts me in a minority ... 
  [ eu and us have been engaged in a gradual regulatory financial services phoney war for a while . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/c0956392-b886-11e6-961e-a1acd97f622d ) this could put the uk in a difficult position , because we still have two years of being subject to eu law , but it is essential that we give access to both us and eu banks to our markets ( provided that they are safe ) . 
  any protectionism by either the eu or the us should be avoided . 
  but whatever the eu or the us does , it is essential that the uk is not protectionist in financial services . 
  ok - i am going to the supermarket later just to check how empty it is ... at least i have a lot of alcohol in my kitchen , 
  it was pretty good as a whole , but there were some inaccuracies . 
  for example , adler slightly exaggerated the support that m5s have in italy and there was a tendency to do this generally in relation to other member states too . 
  i find it really surprising that the juncker would have said this publicly . 
  or perhaps he thinks taking up the risk of division among the eu27 makes actual division less likely ? 
  he does have a mandate , but labour party are going to get one of their worst ever results unless they get rid of corbyn . 
  bnp and britain first have never been electorally very successful in the uk . 
  there is very little tradition of fascism or far right politics in the uk . 
  no , it is better to leave . 
  i would rather have cheaper food . 
  you are n't quite dealing in facts . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , italy wo n't be in the world 's largest trade bloc . 
  uk is not managing this badly .
