  it allows legislators to compare different systems and evidence to decide how best to legislate . 
  if everyone legislates in the same way this scope is reduced . 
   so we should play ball and cooperate with our neighbours rather than whine about how parliament should make all the laws . 
  exactly nobody is saying `` do n't cooperate '' . 
   if we left then either leaving is pointless because we do n't get a say in the eu law but still have to comply , or it is bad because we cut all our ties and do n't have to comply but then almost certainly lower all of the regulatory standards . 
  why would it matter if we do n't get a say ? 
  page 805 explains their sources and methodology . 
  if you know of any study which disagrees with their findings or has a different conclusion i would be interested . 
  [ you can read the entire study here if you are interested . 
  all sources are cited , methodology explained etc. 
  ] ( http://businessforbritain.org/change-or-go/ ), 
   very very few of those standards would be different unless we want to significantly lower consumer protection , food safety , environmental legislation etc etc. 
  if you think that the regulation that the eu imposes is currently optimal , then of course the uk would n't change that regulation . 
  however , if you think that the regulation that the eu imposes is optimal , then i have no idea why you would mind the uk complying with it when we are outside the eu . 
   or it is part of a right wing agenda to destroy the above things as well as employment rights and financial regulation . 
  outside the eu our parliamentary democracy will be accountable for legislation . 
  we 're not too poor , too wee or stupid to make good laws . 
   source ? 
  [ page 770 . 
  ] ( http://forbritain.org/chapter30.pdf ), 
   subsidising exports is one of the fastest ways to get tariffs imposed on your export products and violate wto rules . 
  as mentioned , the only reason that the uk might subsidise exports is if the eu imposed tariffs on the uk . 
  i personally do n't think the eu would . 
  i also do n't think that the uk should impose tariffs on the eu . 
   the eu will not sign any trade agreement that does n't preserve the four freedoms . 
  the uk is the reu 's largest export market . 
  different parts of the reu will be impacted in entirely different ways and will have totally different views . 
  predicting how they will behave is of course fraught with uncertainty . 
   every single trade deal with the eu ( for europeans ) ends up with the same precise four freedoms built it . 
  no , this is plain factually not true . 
  the eu has trade deals with switzerland without free movement of services . 
  it has trade deals with serbia , bosnia , turkey , macdeonia etc without any of the four freedoms . 
   but in the end they are precisely the same conditions required of those in the eu to begin with . 
  this is also plain not true . 
  even if the uk did accept the four freedoms , this is not the same conditions required to be in the eu . 
  the eu acquis ( even considering the uk opt-outs ) is substantially more than the four freedoms . 
   so then we lose access to the european single market access to the single market is not the same as being in the single market . 
   if you want to sell products in the eu , everything has to be compliant with eu law - obviously . 
  just as if you want to sell products to the us , or china , it has to comply with us or chinese law . 
   whether the eu would accept free movement of goods without persons is a different matter , but they certainly do n't have to . 
  i 'm not arguing for free movement of goods . 
   and even if they do , we would still have to be compliant with most eu legislation in order to do trade . 
  the key point is being able to make our own laws for internal trade ( which is of course most of our economy ) . 
  with each year that passes , the share of our trade with the eu declines . 
  even in the very worst case scenario in which the eu imposes tariffs on us , the cost of subsidising exporters is less than the cost of our eu membership . 
  yeah , if he wants to ignore the deficit rule he needs to argue for the lira . 
  that would be very sensible for italy . 
  no we wo n't be bound by eu law if we have a fta . 
  look at canada and south korea . 
  as mentioned the vast majority of eu should n't just happen . 
  the whole point of leaving the eu is to have more control of law making . 
  the eea is of course a far better arrangement than the eu , but the uk should of course go for something that suits the uk better . 
  being part of the eea makes no sense for the uk . 
  a fta is better because that allows regulatory change . 
  the uk did n't ignore the deficit rules . 
  the uk negotiated an opt out of the deficit rule , mainly because the deficit rule would have been hugely harmful to the uk and pointless . 
  stop saying access to the single market if you mean being part of the single market . 
  a free trade agreement gives access to trade with the single market but does not require free movement . 
  the spectator is a great publication for politics/culture , but anything finance related they screw up . 
  the article did n't talk about the bank recovery and resolution directive ( which shows very poor journalism ) . 
  the benefits of rain ... 
   i hope renzi and cameron continue to support a two-speed europe where both britain and federalist nations like italy can be happy and have a greater role . 
  this is the only way to counter-balance the franco-german relationship considering britain and italy are the third and the fourth biggest states in the eu as well as g8 nations . 
  i 'm not sure if the uk and italy could really work together for a similar vision of a two-speed eu , even if there is some truth that this is what they both want . 
  it is an interesting idea , but i think the whole brexit referendum and the uk 's renegotiation has meant that the uk government has been entirely focused on that . 
  perhaps if a couple of years ago the uk and italy had together presented a reform package which suited both of them , then something could have happened . 
  however , cameron knows that the longer he waits the more likely the uk are to vote to leave . 
  that is why he is in such a rush . 
  cameron 's reform package really did not go far enough . 
  when the titanic starts sinking , there is no point re-arranging the deckchairs ( which is basically what his stupid `` ever closer union '' opt-out and his stupid no in-work-benefits for eu migrants ideas are ) . 
  the most sensible thing to do is to get on the life-boat . 
  they should mainly take a look in the mirror . 
   this is about desertifying villages and small towns . 
  this happened in the uk in the industrial revolution . 
  we now have big farms and nobody works in villages , they just commute . 
  i am really sympathetic to france wanting to maintain their tradition , but it is totally irrelevant to the uk . 
  i just think it makes sense for france to do this on its own and the cap not to be in the eu anymore . 
  it makes no sense for the uk and france to be in the same common agricultural policy . 
  we have profoundly different views on what makes sense . 
  we are happy to import our food ( and have been since around 1760 ) . 
   i have developed a general , non personal , hatred for england . 
  it shows . 
  as a matter of law and normal semantics , i do n't consider an agreement not to tax to be a benefit . 
  i also note that the uk/portugal double taxation arrangement is separate from the eu treaties and that the uk and portugal have had a double taxation treaty in place since 1968 , before either the uk or portugal were in the eu . 
  if portugal would like to end that treaty ( they can terminate it at any time on six months ' notice and it is not connected to any other issue ) then that is of course their right . 
  it would simply mean that far fewer british pensioners moved to portugal . 
  given that the portuguese government has been trying to encourage british pensioners to move to portugal , that would seem to be a strange move . 
  however , of course i think that it is up to you how you run your own country !, 
   all benefits the british retirees get when moving here what benefits do british retirees get from portugal ? 
  ( of course , i am more than happy for the question of what benefits british retirees get from portugal to be a question for the portuguese parliament and your own national democracy . 
  i think you are very capable of making this decision . ), 
  sharing terrorism information is obviously a global activity and the uk should work with partners around the globe in this regard . 
  the idea that the uk and france would stop collaborating in relation to counter-terrorism information is of course nonsense and scaremongering . 
   yet we are still not using that opportunity to put solar panels on every roof some of us do n't live in very sunny places ... :( the london sky is , once again , dense with cloud again today . 
   central europeans will probably go for an opt-out from justice and home affairs issues of the kind denmark or the u.k. have good luck with that . 
  the eu ca n't be reformed . 
  david cameron went round begging every eu country to repatriate powers with a referendum scheduled . 
  what did we get back ? 
  confirmation that we do n't have to join the euro . 
  wow , thanks !,
