  it is made by the people elected nationally . 
  i 've no idea . 
  i 'm saying that tax should be aligned . 
  the eurozone might not be able to fix this , but it is still necessary . 
  yes , the tax systems must be aligned as soon as possible . 
  now do switzerland !, 
   you are talking about an axis that threatens democracy . 
  obviously that axis is democratic , represents a far larger electorate , so is no threat to democracy at all . 
  if the greeks vote a particular way in their election but that vote has no impact on greeks then that is a failure of democracy . 
  if rajoy refuses to give concessions to greece , because he is motivated by domestic concerns , that is very worrying for the eurozone . 
   dijsselbloem as much as we might like dijsselbloem , the greeks did not vote for him . 
  in fact , they just voted for policies which he objects too . 
  this is a failure of democracy . 
   syriza 's government was n't trying to pass any message to the troika . 
  it was intending to spread that message around the world , for all investors to hear . 
  this is n't how investors behave . 
  investors already consider portuguese debt a risk and in the event of a grexit , they would regard portuguese debt as more risky . 
  honestly , the longer the spanish , italian and portuguese economies perform poorly and the longer the eurozone is not reformed , investors will consider these countries to be risky , especially with new unknown political parties doing well . 
  it is probably worth you looking at a longer period of time . 
  i 'm not saying that all debts should be paid by printing . 
  i am saying that a single sovereign borrowing in its own currency has more monetary policy options in relation to its debt and we see this with the usa . 
  it would make sense for the eurozone to copy this . 
   where do people get this narrative that only greece has elected representatives ? 
  read my comment again . 
  i am obviously not saying that the only democracy that matters is the greek one . 
  however , surely you must accept that one of the consequences of the euro , is that domestic governments have hugely limited their economic options ? 
  yet voting structures for economic options still rest with national governments and this has worrying implications for democracy . 
  what the eurozone must create is a single governement with a single finance minister . 
  take a look at the current inflation levels of the usa and those of europe . 
  we are so far away from high inflation it is not even funny . 
   but it 's a one economy , not fractured like the eurozone . 
  because differences between the different euro countries gdp and credit ratings , there 's a big chance that the eurozone wo n't be able at all to have the same level of debt vs gdp . 
  the eurozone needs to integrate further . 
  if it issued debt jointly , the credit ratings and gdps of the individual countries would not matter . 
  the only relevant thing should be the credit rating of the eurozone and the gdp of the eurozone . 
  this would allow a lot more borrowings . 
  also , the usa is not borrowing too much . 
  its currency has not devalued . 
  it does not have high borrowing costs . 
   investors also read the news . 
  if they start to read that portugal may be next from the guys currently crashing and burning , they certainly pay attention and will keep it in mind when deciding where to invest . 
  if greece were to leave the euro , investors will require a risk premium for portuguese debt whatever greece says . 
  i think the greek government were right to point it out as a message to the troika . 
  but it made zero difference to investors . 
   and this axis is lead by spain and portugal ? 
  luckily for the current governments of spain and portugal , there are enough other governments in the eurozone that also need to ensure , for local domestic political reasons , that syriza fail , and of course germany , the netherlands , slovakia and finland spring to mind . 
  rajoy did not need to wield the knife and was happy to let schauble to that . 
  but rajoy made it extremely clear that he wanted no concessions to syriza at all . 
  he did not lead the axis , but he was a key part of it . 
  are you living in the same world as me ? 
   rather a closing of the disparities between fiscal , economical and other disparities between euro countries . 
  the eurozone countries are not converging . 
  worryingly , they are continuing to diverge . 
   while denmark and swiss will show that different coins has no future . 
  denmark and switzerland with their own currencies will continue to outperform the eurozone . 
  they will not give them up . 
   the usa has an insanely huge economy . 
  so they can have an insanely huge debt . 
  but if they continue this path , they will fail to be able to pay their debts . 
  when that happen , the results will be huge . 
  until now the usa is able to pay their debt . 
  remember that . 
  no european country is able to do that . 
  if a country ca n't pay it 's debt , they are bankrupt . 
  the usa economy is not that much bigger than the eurozone economy . 
  the reason why the usa government ultimately does not need to worry about repaying debts is because all of its debts are in dollars and it can always print more dollars . 
  eurozone countries do not have this luxury . 
  it makes no sense for eurozone countries to continue to raise debts separately . 
  the eurozone needs to issue debt jointly . 
  then it could act in the same way as the usa does . 
  tsipras is of course correct . 
  there is an axis that is against syriza . 
  this is extremely worrying for democracy . 
   the party in power is inmensely scared and pretty much the complete opposite of podemos , so it makes sense that they 're treating the greek podemos like they 're the devil . 
  for reasons that relate entirely to domestic spanish politics , it has become politically necessary for the pp to ensure that syriza are seen to crash and burn . 
  the economic arguments made by syriza are totally irrelevant as far as rajoy is concerned . 
  if the greek people suffer further economically , that is irrelevant to him . 
  it does not really matter how the greeks vote : they only have the power to change their own government , not the spanish , portuguese or german governments . 
  the spanish government can make decisions that impact the greek people without having to answer to them . 
  the fundamental principle of democracy , the link between the governed and the governing , has been broken by the euro . 
  for countries outside the euro , governments still answer directly to their electorates . 
  it does not make sense for there to be different finance ministers in the eurozone , there can only be one finance minister . 
   and there are a lot of things which both regions take proud of : the tintin comics , the architecture , the food etc. 
  and poirot , of course . 
  shit just got real . 
  yes , i think spain wo n't do this . 
  ( i had dinner with a spanish friend this evening who explained some of the reasons for this . 
  spain 's constitution is complicated . 
  the pp will not allow their leaders to grant it . 
  it would cause a chain reaction with the basque country next . 
  in short it was an easier thing to do for the uk . ), 
  can you give me an example of an interest connected with an identity ? 
  in my mind these are very few and specific . 
  the vast majority of political interests strike me as being disconnected to an identity . 
  unfortunately i do n't know anything about the policies of those parties or the motivations people have for voting for them , so it is hard to comment . 
  what policies would the hungarian party in romania have that would lead ethinic hungarians in romania to vote for them ? 
  the scottish campaign was also a very intense one . 
  i 've not followed the catalan one closely enough to do a proper comparison ... 
  or , in the uk 's case , make bad members , but sill had to go through the application ;-), 
   is n't it ?
