  the uk is helping the eu - we are one of the major contributors to the eu budget and in the last two years the uk created more jobs than the rest of the eu put together . 
  that 's why so many people leave the eurozone to come and work in the uk . 
  i 'm not sure why you think the uk needs help from the eu . 
  no - i only carry a passport if i am going abroad . 
  i do n't have a drivers licence . 
  i never carry any photo id . 
  why would people ever need to know who i am ? 
  i 'm not a criminal . 
  people can just ask me , but the reality is they never need to know . 
  france already has id cards does n't it ? 
  it does n't seem to solve the problem at calais . 
  i do n't see how making british people carry id cards would solve that problem !, 
  as i said , why does n't the rest of the eu make an id card compulsory for the rest of the eu ? 
  i would be happy for you to do that . 
  but i would protest in the streets if anyone tried to make me carry one in the uk . 
  actually , the uk 's opposition to id cards is nothing to do with the eu : we just have a different legal and civil liberties tradition from you . 
  note that australia , canada , usa and new zealand all also do not have id cards . 
  personally i am glad i can walk the streets in london free of being required by law to carry documents . 
  i would be incensed by that - i am absolutely against compulsory id cards in the uk . 
  you can make it compulsory for everyone in the rest of the eu if you like , if you want to be required to carry id at all times , but not the uk . 
  perhaps the next french government ( currently looking most like ump lead by sarkozy or jupp\u00e9 ) will do something , though i personally would not put money on it . 
  what do you think france should do ? 
  the current policy does not seem to be working . 
  working illegally in the uk may still be a better option than any other option they have . 
  what do you think the french government should do ? 
  what they 're currently doing does not seem to be working . 
  there are people from all over europe coming to london to work for about seven pounds an hour , legal immigrants . 
  this is a choice that a lot of people seem to want to make - presumably this is better than their previous lives . 
  why are n't they asking for asylum in france ? 
  are they not genuine asylum seekers ? 
  is france not safe ? 
  what do you think the french government should do about them ? 
  i actually have a lot of east african friends ( somalians , ethiopians , eritreans ) and they do seem to have done pretty good in london ... 
  i know , right ? 
  have they not read r/europe and the guardian to find out that the uk government wants to leave the european convention on human rights , reduce benefits , have a vote on eu membership and censure the internet ? 
  yet they still seem desperate to leave europe and get to the uk !!!, 
  maybe you should tell them how bad the uk is ( like sending money from banks in the uk to germany or sending personal terms by mail ) !, 
  it is a bit surprising that the current french government does not seem to be doing this : the rhetoric from the mayor of calais has been about closing the port rather than following dublin 3 . 
  i 've not seen comment from the french government on this , which is a bit odd . 
  what policy would you propose ? 
  giving asylum to all the migrants in calais ? 
  is there any political party in france that is proposing this ? 
  the whole point about schengen is that it gives rights of movement to everyone currently in the schengen area , and is nothing to do with being originally from the schengen area . 
  it 's not wrong , but most of the comment i have seen online has been to blame the uk for this problem , which obviously is n't the country which is letting anyone into schengen ... 
  these people are asylum seekers are n't they ? 
  how did they get into france ? 
  should n't their asylum claims be processed ? 
  if that is your view , then i am assuming you blame whoever let them into schengen . 
  france specifically did let them come into france - the deal with schengen is that anyone in the schengen area can go to france . 
  how do you think the migrant crisis at calais should be solved ? 
  is france not able to process their applications for asylum ? 
  the guy you were responding was a parody , no ? 
  i think it is fixable if they agree to a permanent ongoing massive transfer of funds from germany , netherlands , austria , finland to portugal , italy , greece and spain . 
  it does n't currently look like europeans want that . 
  why were you a supporter ? 
  i was never a supporter of us joining . 
  i think `` severe crisis '' might be a bit of an understatement here . 
  in my mind a le pen presidency has far bigger implications for the eu than a brexit does . 
  maybe brits complain the most and ukip and the conservatives make the most noise , but the success of le fn in the european elections was more of a turning point . 
  of course , the final results will be different . 
  however , this poll is still phenomenally surprising and has made massive news in france . 
  it does look like marine will be in the final round , which is , of itself , something that will have big implications . 
  dude , i am really not questioning the uk 's obligation to defend poland . 
  i 'm simply saying it is not dependent on eu membership . 
  as for ww2 , what did you want us to do differently ? 
  invade russia just after we 'd destroyed ourselves against germany ? 
  you created an account just to write this ? 
  i lived in italy for a couple of years and have many many italian friends . 
  i agree , politics is complicated there . 
  in britain we do n't tend to have political extremes and generally we like continuity in politics - which is why we have never had significant communist or fascist movements and instead we have mostly had the conservative party for the last 300 years ... 
  i think distrust of the italian state institutions is one of the reasons why italians have been happy to become proeu - and the opposite is true of the uk . 
  but we 're all in uncertain times now , even the french ... 
  you are right about military budgets . 
  you can be casinisti and furbetti , but i never find you to be fickle and litigious . 
  but i suppose it would be hard to be the italian government , now that i think about it . 
  but i do n't think you 're cativelli and testardi like the french or the brits can be ... 
  the percentage of uk exports going to the eu continues too fall each year . 
  germany now exports more to the uk than it does to france . 
  ireland 's trade goes overwhelmingly to the uk . 
  the idea that the eu would not organise free trade with the uk is obviously ridiculous : german industry would never allow it , especially after how reluctant germany has been to sanction russia . 
  the jobs created by the uk are not low-wage or precarious - this is why so many hundreds of thousands of europeans continue to leave europe to come to the uk to work here !, 
  which countries do you mean by comparable ? 
  the uk 's unemployment rate is higher than austria 's and germany 's but lower than france , ireland , sweden , italy , spain , belgium , finland and the netherlands . 
  are only germany and austria comparable ?!, 
  also , the eu was not created to get rid of tax dumping - good luck with forcing ireland , cyprus , netherlands and luxembourg to put up their tax rates !, 
  maybe you should put imports on their goods !, 
  the uk plays a very positive role in europe - which is why the uk is by far the most popular destination for all those fleeing the crisis caused by the euro and then the policies of the european central bank . 
  exactly . 
  in italy , governments seem to be designed to be weak , while in france they are designed to be strong . 
  however , if bad economic news , protests by the public and ministerial resignations continue , it does start to look tricky for hollande . 
  perhaps you 're right , but i think once we get to the stage where he has to make press conferences confirming that he intends to finish his term , then the question is in doubt . 
  i think it is most likely he will finish it , but i do n't think it is by any means certain any more . 
   the right in france hates the left and always sees their arrival to power as illegitimate . 
  from the perspective of an outsider , it seems that what is currently happening in france seems a bit different from what has happened in recent decades . 
  i hope the uk pulls out and after that i not too fussed what happens to it . 
  ;-) however , if marine continues her rise , she will kill it for sure . 
   if it was between hollande and le pen , then ump supporters and working class voters who voted for the left wing parties in spite will both vote for le pen over hollande , perhaps resulting in a bare le pen victory . 
  and this is utterly stunning . 
  i 'm starting to wonder if hollande will be able to finish his term . 
  if the economy does n't start to pick up ...
