  i think they are right , it is a better deal . 
  however , i think the uk can do even better than that . 
  switzerland is not in the single market for a lot of financial services legislation . 
  london is a global financial centre , not a european financial centre . 
  given the choice , the global financial trade is more important than european financial trade . 
  london is not interested in being a european financial centre . 
  it is interested in being a global financial centre . 
  switzerland like their current deal far more than being in the eu . 
  joining the eu is not a popular option in switzerland . 
  i think this deal is a better deal too . 
  the city will be divided on the eu question . 
  i work in the city and will vote to leave . 
  it is likely that most hedge funds will vote to leave too . 
  you are talking about physical size ? 
  what relevance is that ? 
  you do realize that when british people refer to `` the city '' they do n't just mean what is located within the historic city boundaries , but financial institutions generally , even if they are in another part of london ? 
  switzerland adopts some eu laws but not others . 
  i see this as preferable . 
  if swiss people like this deal , why would n't brits ? 
  however , my preference would be to leave the single market completely . 
  it works pretty well for switzerland . 
  it can work even better for the uk . 
  paris is not a global financial centre . 
  it is in an entirely different league from london . 
  london 's only competitor is new york . 
  it does smell like merkel is the only one having a say in this . 
  however , that is how eu seems to work . 
  once you persuade merkel , everyone else falls into line . 
  why would cameron 's position be undermined ? 
  he just won a re-election . 
  the economy is doing well . 
  he will likely be on the winning side of the referendum , as a substantial amount of conservatives , the swing voters , will follow him . 
  you think the uk should give up control of its national democracy , its borders and monetary policy ? 
  this is insane . 
  fortunately no political parties in the uk want this and almost no other british people want this . 
  the eu is becoming less relevant as we move into a globalised world , not the eu . 
  if cameron does not get his demands , he will lead the leave campaign . 
  however , cameron held talks with merkel yesterday . 
  why do you think these demands were released today ? 
  merkel must have agreed to them . 
  do you think the uk should have to join the euro and join schengen , become part of a federal europe , create a common eu foreign policy and a common eu army ? 
  do you think the uk should accept the eu 's asylum policy ? 
  should the uk give up its rebate ? 
  the uk cherry picks because the rules are shit . 
  even if he achieves this , i will still vote out . 
  i think it would be very hard for cameron to sell this as a successful negotiation to the conservative party or the british people . 
  we 've already seen the dutch and the french vote no . 
  since then they have become more eusceptic . 
  a two-tier eu is an interesting idea , and provided it got the uk out of ever closer union , the cap , the common foreign policy and so forth i would consider it a considerable improvement . 
  however , i see there being considerable difficulties selling this to the dutch and french populations . 
  i suspect one or both of them would vote no . 
  in greece 's case , it would have been far better to default and devalue . 
  they would have done far better that way . 
  this is one of the many good things about a brexit . 
  it will force british politicians to take greater responsibility for their decisions . 
  this is a good thing to look forward to . 
  iceland is a lesson in how to manage a sovereign debt crisis . 
  greece ? 
  not so much . 
   the fact that people in britain are generally uninformed on how the eu works , who 's in charge , why , and how they can change it is the problem . 
  it is never the people that are the problem . 
  if the people and the organs of power do n't match , we should change the organs of power rather than trying to change the people . 
  you remind me of 1950s east germany . 
  [ on reflecting that the people are n't understanding the wishes of their leaders , you are disappointed with the people . 
  perhaps it would be easier to replace them , rather than replace their governing structures ?!, 
  kate 's constituency is vauxhall in london . 
  it is already more or less independent from the uk . 
  people in european elections vote largely on the basis of national reasons . 
  the british people can change the government easily : we just booted out the lib dems for example because we were collectively sick of them . 
  the british people can not get rid of `` the government '' of the eu . 
  most british people do n't even know who the government is in the eu in fact . 
  it is utterly remote from them . 
  what are germans complaining about ? 
  the uk 's population has increased due to migration over the last ten years far more than germany 's . 
  the uk also needs to limit immigration as the strain on infrastructure is massive . 
  kate hoey is not only incredibly sensible , she also used to represent northern ireland at high jump . 
  the fact that you are now arguing that the working time directive is necessary both ( i ) for human rights and ( ii ) for the single market makes me think that you are not really sure why you are arguing for it . 
  if you do n't think 48 hours maximum per week is the limit for human rights , which bit of the working time directive is the bit of it which is necessary for good human rights ? 
  some other bit of the working time directive ? 
  and which part of it is necessary for the single market ? 
  when you talk about `` minimum '' what are you referring to ? 
  i was referring to hours worked per week , which has a maximum , but not a minimum . 
  is your position that if the uk changed the maximum from 48 to 49 the uk would have worse human rights ? 
  do you therefore wish that the eu should reduce the maximum from 48 to 47 to have better human rights ? 
  your choice of hours and linking them in this way to human rights seems very abitrary , particularly if a particular democracy wanted to change them . 
  it is also not true that the the working time directive is necessary for the single market . 
  switzerland does not implement the working time directive and is part of the single market . 
  a market ( even for workers ) does not require there to be a maximum number of hours that people can work , just as it does not require there to be a minimum . 
  :-) i guess i am just uncomfortable with the notion that muslims need their own representation . 
  it implies that muslims can not be represented by non-muslims . 
  i , for example , do n't care whether or not i am represented by a muslim , provided that that muslim shares my political views generally . 
  if we take the view that muslims need their own representation , we are kind of making a statement that they are incredibly other and not integrated into wider society . 
  in the uk we do n't really have any christian parties that remotely impact politics . 
  i think christians vote across the political spectrum . 
  so i would expect muslims to do the same . 
  muslims do n't have different political interests from the rest of the population . 
  so i would not expect them to need their own political party . 
  there will be green muslims , liberal muslims , conservative muslims and communist muslims like the rest of us . 
  the uk is a signatory to the echr is a commitment by the uk to the rights set out in that convention . 
  the working time directive does not relate to rights set out in that convention .
