  the uk economy also did not recover fast . 
  i agree with you in relation to private salaries though . 
   she should just die on live tv . 
  this is the progressive left i guess . 
  agreeing with me will get you lots of downvotes . 
  just a warning . 
  it is n't patronising . 
  it is just being honest with the electorate . 
  low earners are not antagonised by this . 
  low earners also recognise that there is no magic money tree . 
  this is why low earners in their millions will vote for the tories . 
  corporation tax reductions have not reduced the taxation intake in the uk . 
  it is n't vile to point out that the uk has limited money and therefore have to make difficult choices . 
  this is the same everywhere . 
  i agree that corbyn is a better campaigner than may . 
  may is very boring and not a good debater . 
  however , the british people will not want a campaigner in downing street . 
  they will go for the boring option . 
  i am predicting 100 seat majority plus . 
  no , these comments will increase her majority . 
  there wo n't be a coalition . 
  there will be a tory majority . 
  the tories will win a landslide . 
  the `` no magic money tree '' line goes down well with swing voters . 
  i agree that a lot of building needs to take place in england . 
  there has of course been massive immigration without the necessary massive house building . 
  corbyn is incompetent . 
  may is simply average so far . 
  it was the labour party that bailed out the banks , not the tories, 
  you need to take the threat seriously , because here in southern england we never see red squirrels any more . 
  there are very few left even in wales or scotland ... 
  the `` magic money tree '' line is very deliberate . 
  this line has been extensively focus grouped and polled and it wins votes for the tories . 
  landslide tory victory here we come . 
  not to provide services in the uk generally . 
  the uk has generous overseas persons exemptions for the provisions of services . 
  there are regulatory barriers , hopefully we can set about removing these barriers to trade . 
  please stop your ad hominem posts . 
   i 'm not proud how the supposed eu leadership is choosing their words , ca n't they just get on with it quietly and professionally ? 
  brexit is emotional . 
  these people are butthurt . 
  i am not german and do n't know what the german constitutional requirements are here , but expect if merkal wants it she can make it happen provided it does not contradict german constitution . 
  look at their economies as a whole . 
  the eu does not have 700 million people . 
  also , why are you so sure that the eu will have an illiberal visa policy ? 
  also , travel for conferences is only a relatively small part of academic life . 
  also , it is already the case that getting a visa in the uk is not the same as getting a visa for the rest of the eu . 
  so this point is completely not relevant for brexit anyway . 
  but already the uk has the best academic sector in europe . 
  the usa and canada is an example of incredibly close and integrated trading without harmonised regulation . 
  lack of harmonised regulation does not automatically lead to protectionism or ntbs , it depends on the attitude to regulation and openness . 
  obviously , in a democracy if a population require a particular standard , and that standard acts as a ntb , that should be respected . 
  but that does not mean that harmonisation is the only way of removing ntbs . 
  mutual recognition can also work . 
  take for example eu and u.s. legislation on the clearing of derivatives . 
  the laws are different , but each recognise each other , thus removing ntbs . 
  and i am explaining how that barrier can be removed without harmonisation - if there is sufficient political will . 
  brexit means downvotes , getting told you should move to stormfront , moderators deleting your posts etc. 
  i completely agree that a lot of people do not want to change their certainties . 
  note that i am a modern liberal though not a bremoaner . 
  i am not going to force them , i am simply explaining that harmonisation is not required to remove ntbs and that mutual recognition can work instead . 
  this is a hypothetical example . 
  not really . 
  for example , australia could say that eu exporters had to meet either eu standards or australian standards . 
  this removes the australian barrier , without the harmonisation . 
  yes , this is not a function of eu membership though . 
  as you mentioned , noneu us has a different system . 
  i personally would vote in favour of a liberalised visa regime for academics . 
  i know , right !, 
  i feel like people do n't want me to post here anymore !, 
  not really . 
  you can have mutual recognition of standards , without harmonising standards . 
  the point is that harmonisation is not needed here . 
  if your country does n't think defending baltics and poland from russia is important , it sounds like nato is the wrong place for you . 
  it depends which country they are from . 
  wow - when did i become this person it was weird to agree with ? 
  i have no idea what you are talking about because the uk is not allied to russia , exactly because russia is not democratic and is aggressive . 
  i think the uk should stay allied primarily to liberal democracies , like usa , france and germany . 
   `` stick with '' in this instance meaning what ? 
  remaining , in the case of the uk and france , militarily allied to . 
   but do n't you accept that without harmonisation what 'll happen then would be a race to the bottom over food standards and safety ? 
  no , i do n't . 
  liberal democracies can solve these questions via the democratic process . 
  look at australia for example . 
  how are their food standards and safety ? 
  they do n't have harmonisation . 
  i am talking about sticking with the united states as a country and a liberal democracy rather than sticking with a particular government of the united states . 
  if germany were to elect schultz i would say that the uk should stick with germany . 
  this does not mean i support schultz 's administration . 
  i do n't support trump 's administration . 
   supporting the administration that got 48 % of the popular vote . 
  what administration got 48 % of the popular vote ? 
   but now that they have a crazy wacko president and start making demands , they have not just started making demands , the 2 % goal has been around long before trump was a thing . 
   the only reason we allow the usa in europe is because they pay for our protection . 
  if they do n't want to pay anymore , which is understandable , they should just get out . 
  actually , they are also a liberal democracy and as such we have a great deal in common with them . 
  in a world without enough liberal democracies , you have to stick with them ... 
   why give somebody eu money if they violate eu rules ?!?!, 
  the rule of law is an inherently difficult subject to adjudicate on as it relates to a whole set of principles/theories that can be argued about and discussed . 
  while you and i might both agree that we want to live under the rule of law , we might also recognise that each others ' countries have different constitutional and legal traditions and different histories and thus the way that the rule of law might operate in each of our countries might look different .
