  and you kindly learn how to stop resorting to ad hominem attacks . 
  you need to stop editing your posts after posting them . 
   you 're actually happy that the politcians you 're elected are lying cheating criminals . 
  that 's a difference . 
  you are completely exaggerating what has happened . 
  you need to accept that there are eusceptics around and they have just as much right for their politicians to use taxpayers money as you do . 
   no , you 're happy that they embezzled money . 
  the entire eu parliament is one big corrupt shit show with ridiculous rules with politicised rules . 
  ukip were simply part of that shit show and i am glad that they used the money that eusceptic taxpayers sent to brussels to help pull the uk out of the eu . 
   you want me to debate whether it wass okay for ukip to steal that money ? 
  i am more than happy for money that eusceptics sent to the eu going to eusceptic causes . 
  you are not . 
  this does not mean that you should be able to resort to insults and ad hominem attacks . 
  this kind of attack has no place here . 
  / u/afirejar you need to learn how to debate with people rather than simply resorting to attacking them . 
  if you are not able to do that , i suggest you kindly stop posting here . 
  many thanks . 
   to be such an unpricipled narcissist . 
  / u/afirejar making statements like this is completely against the rules of this sub . 
  please learn how to debate without ad hominem attacks . 
  many thanks . 
  i do n't hate the eu , i just do n't want the uk to be part of it . 
  i am more than happy for taxes that i sent to the eu to be used to pull the uk out of the eu . 
  i am even more happy that now that the uk is leaving the eu we will not need to deal with things like the eu parliament or ukip . 
   eu 's money taxpayers money . 
  eusceptics also pay taxes . 
   being paid by the eu to piss on it in brussels ? 
  being paid by taxpayers . 
  as a tax payer i wanted ukip meps to piss on brussels . 
   but this will just ends up with a fine and public shame , not that the british cares about anything anymore lately . 
  this just proove that the people they thrusted to exit the eu are actually as crooked as they get . 
  the whole eu parliament is an expensive sham . 
  fortunately we wo n't be involved with it soon . 
   and new zealand 's economy tanked when the uk entered the eu and their biggest market was n't as available to them as it used to be . 
  this was a big mistake by the uk , putting up barriers . 
  the uk should stay an open economy , open to all countries in the world . 
   what 's going to be your china ? 
  uk will do free trade with as much of the globe as possible . 
  if eu does not like free trade , then that was a good reason for the uk to leave . 
  we will be fine . 
  the eu does n't make much difference to economies . 
  look at greece in the eu or new zealand out of the eu . 
  the key to having a good economy is being in a liberal democracy with good laws and regulations . 
  thanks very much . 
   the eu is about to show a 60 billions euros bill to the uk for their brexit , this is small change . 
  the bill is not for brexit , but for things that the uk already owes . 
   it is the ultimate hypocrisy and they should be thrown out of parliament it is voters who choose who is in parliament . 
  i am not a protectionist . 
  i voted to leave the eu because i believe in free trade , not protectionism . 
   only that you suddenly do n't compete with other eu countries but with china or kenya . 
  have fun deregulating to their level . 
  the world is already global . 
  we are already competing with all countries around the world . 
  the way for the uk economy to compete with china and kenya is not to try do things that china and kenya can do better than the uk can do , but to focus on the things that the uk is better at . 
  uk will probably become more competitive once we leave the eu as we will deregulate and lower taxes . 
  this is a good thing . 
  source - i am a tory . 
  yeah - it is kind of crazy how bad they are tanking !, 
  i have spent a lot of time in croatia lately and weirdly the croats i speak to seem to like serbs , but just joke about them ... 
   you as a voter can have more influence on the layout of the government . 
  in germany the coalition is formed after the election , and it is hard for the voter to know what bits of a government programme will be kept and which will be abandoned . 
  in the uk , the coalition is formed before the election and the various factions have to agree their positions prior to the election . 
  in my mind it is the uk system that gives the voter a bit more certainty over what they are going to get . 
  but i think we had this discussion before !, 
   and the uk - well i am a bit concerned about your political weight in such a decision given the circumstances . 
  in terms of weight , we will see what weight we have . 
  brexit does not mean that the uk has somehow exited the international community generally . 
  you are all still going to have to deal with us . 
  but it does mean that there will be a shift in the balance between the hawks and the doves within the eu 's own structures and this could potentially impact eu sanctions etc. 
  in these circumstances i think that the uk should just continue to sanction russia anyway ( i am pretty sure that eu law does not stop this ) . 
  i think it would be difficult for angela to steer the internal eu discussions what with the various radically different opinions that would be there . 
  one interesting thing about uk system versus german system is that partly as a result of fptp our labour party always has to be in an exhausting coalition between our social democrats and our linke because the furthest left bits of the uk electorate have nowhere else to go . 
  and now suddenly the linke faction ( corbyn and his allies ) have taken control over that coalition ... 
  i am assuming that linke do n't even really want to be in government in germany ... 
  i liked it when hollande declared his enemy was finance and then the cameron trolled him by saying that london would roll out the red carpet for french bankers . 
  now he is trying to troll the uk again after brexit . 
  anglo-french rivalry never gets old . 
  while hollande has not been good for france , i am very worried that fillon seems to be quite pro putin . 
  this could potentially put both the uk government and the german government in very difficult positions . 
   if the fdp does n't make it , we will have a cdsu/green majority i did read some people think that if fdp do n't make it there could be a chance of a spd/linke/grune majority , however , in my opinion that seems to be looking more and more unlikely and also not a good result for germany . 
  it would be massively interesting tho . 
  poor serbs , they get such bad press ... 
  well , we can still buy popcorn and watch the chaos that will be the french and dutch elections and if we are really lucky there will be italian ones !, 
  ( not that i want bad things to happen to any of them ... ), 
   either cdu/csu/spd or cdu/csu/greens or cdu/csu/greens / fdp . 
  those are the most likely scenarios all of these scenarios have a very common theme to them . 
  this makes the next german election a somewhat boring one in my opinion - we already know that angela is going to stay in charge . 
  that sounds depressing . 
  i guess if fdp make it you could get cdsu/fdp/green government ? 
  the gbp did take a dive . 
  but , prior to the referendum , experts were saying that the gbp was overvalued . 
  also , the dive in the pound has been theorised as one of the reasons why the uk economy has stayed strong after the referendum . 
  there were experts that said that there would be immediate negative consequences of a leave vote . 
  those seem to have been wrong and actually nobody yet really knows why . 
  even though the referendum was just one step in the process , it was a very important one . 
  one theory is that british people just did not stop feeling confident and did not stop shopping . 
  a majority of british people , having voted for brexit , seem to be happy about it . 
  i personally was so happy about brexit that i spent massive amounts over the last six months . 
  are british people going to start regretting brexit ? 
  so far it seems not .
