  we know that for successful academia eu membership is neither necessary nor sufficient . 
  we do know that academics tend to be very hysterical about eu membership for the uk though . 
   people are disagreeing with an argument i am more than happy for people to disagree . 
  what is happening is that unpopular views are being downvoted , in breach of the rules of this sub . 
  is this something you want ? 
   you hold a dishonest and damaging political viewpoint that is a matter of opinion . 
  if you do n't want to debate with eusceptics , then this is not the right sub for you . 
   there 's little to be gained in dealing with fans of the nationalist socialist german worker 's party if people are expressing bigoted or racist views , this is the wrong sub for them . 
  but that is not relevant to this debate . 
   i 'm not sure what this has to do with fom if norway wants to give freedom of movement rights to nordic citizens , it can do this unilaterally . 
  norway giving freedom of movement rights to nordic citizens has to do with freedom of movement . 
   unless you currently believe norway restricts the internal movement of nordic citizens within norway , i do n't believe this . 
   nor why you stipulate `` nordic '' when you should be stipulating `` eu . '', 
  read the thread . 
  some norwegians want to preserve freedom of movement for nordics if they were to leave the eea . 
  yes , you can get all that information on the electoral commission website . 
  the uk 's future is not destroyed . 
  look at this thread . 
  a dane who does not want to join the euro is being heavily downvoted . 
  apparently i am the one who is stifiling debate ? 
  i am a person with a minority opinion on this sub , i go against the grain of received wisdom . 
  if you want to actually discuss things rather than have a circle jerk , you should be trying to make me particularly welcome . 
   in order for norway to leave the eea and schengen in terms of passport free travel , norway 's membership of schengen is separate from its eea membership . 
  if norway leaves the eea , schengen stays in place ( if that is what norway wants ) . 
  as for freedom of movement of workers , if norway wants to give inward free movement rights to nordic citizens , it can do this by itself . 
  it does not need to negotiate with anyone on this . 
  if nordic countries want to give free movement rights to norwegian citizens , then they can . 
  where is the backpedalling ? 
   uneducated people wanted brexit , both poor and wealthy . 
  uneducated people are poorer than educated people . 
   you are unusual as a shameless rich person celebrating how brexit will damage everyone but yourself . 
  brexit wo n't damage anyone . 
  it is normal for countries to govern themselves . 
  what opposing thought am i trying to stifle ? 
   tune in later for when he talks about how brexit 's fine because it makes sense for 1 % ers like himself . 
  it was poorer people that wanted brexit . 
  wealthy people wanted remain . 
  i am unusual as a wealthy person that voted leave . 
   and why is he giving zero reasons as to why he feels the way denmark does ? 
  he has given reasons , read the thread . 
  i am agreeing that the comment should be downvoted . 
  we should not accept that people do not want their country to not be part of the eurozone . 
  that kind of comment should be downvoted !, 
   why ? 
  same reason as it would be unpopular in the uk . 
  quite rightly you are being downvoted by the r/europe users for your [ badthink ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/newspeak ) . 
  please consider editing your post with a suggestion that denmark joins the eurozone . 
  this will get you upvotes . 
  you are welcome . 
   do you have any elements backing that up , or is it just an educated guess/feeling ; or a lot of wishmaking for your dear torry officials to crush their rivals ? 
  i would say the following : - last general election in the uk the polls got the result wrong . 
  they understated the tories and overstated labour . 
  we have to consider this when looking at polls in the uk . 
  - i am an activist for the tories and therefore have exposure to some campaign data for my local area . 
  i think from speaking to people there is a lot of scepticism about corbyn . 
  it is possible that the tory data is wrong , but i think it is largely correct . 
  - according to the polls , may is trusted over corbyn for the position of pm and the tories are more trusted than labour on the economy , both by significant amounts . 
  these pieces of data are pretty historically accurate in determining results . 
  but we will see . 
  politics is exciting here , just as it is over there !, 
  none of us really can predict anything i guess !, 
   so yeah , a new referendum would probably have zero impact , would simply be ignored and would therefore be a huge waste of funds . 
  this is the wonderful thing about brexit . 
  we forced our government to change its position . 
  they did not ignore us . 
   different kind of racism . 
  the state of this ... 
   may does n't want a ( hard ) brexit , but can not realistically cancel the veto in the current political climate . 
  she called for snap elections and deliberately sabotages her own election campaign in the hopes that the tories at the very least lose their majority , if they do not lose outright , so that parliament assures a soft/no brexit . 
  the tories will win a landslide majority . 
  i expect them to have more than 100 seats more than all than all the other parties combined . 
  also , the labour party are also campaigning for the uk to leave the single market . 
   edit : did i end up in / r/fascism or what . 
  in a democratic system you respect the democratic outcome . 
  in the eu of course there is a lengthy tradition of ignoring the results of referendums . 
  the brexit referendum is highly unusual in that our government is respecting what the people wanted . 
  there are worse places in the world than south korea !, 
  if the uk is north korea and france is south korea , does that represent an improvement in anglo-french relations ? 
  i afraid you are wrong here . 
  almost no euphiles in the uk want to create a federal europe which is the clear aim of euphiles in continental europe . 
  i agree there have been misunderstandings . 
  the uk did not understand the eu ( and still does not ) . 
  equally , the eu did not understand the uk ( and still does not ) . 
  tl ; dr - policy makers on both sides should spend more time on r/europe , the only place where we can actually start to understand each other . 
  yes - but there are n't any other kinds of british euphiles . 
  so they were run-of-the-mill . 
  nobody in the uk ever believed the underlying aims of the eu . 
  especially not the electorate . 
  as you know , the only countries in the world are either in the eu or north korea . 
  therefore , once the uk leaves the eu , it will be the same as north korea . 
  they are run-of-the-mill british europhiles . 
  nobody in the uk ever really understood the eu project . 
  euphiles in the uk simply saw it as part of british foreign policy . 
  pakistan is the reason why india will never be a permanent member of the unsc . 
  businesses all over the world trade with businesses in the single market . 
  they have access to it . 
  well - it sounds like we are in agreement . 
  businesses outside the single market trade with businesses inside the single market . 
  that is access . 
  obviously , the uk does not want to be a member of the single market .
