  how good is your maths ? 
   and you checked them ? 
  rather than being unsurprised and accepting them because they `` seemed true '' to you ? 
  because people are very willing to accept as true what agrees with their preferences . 
  i did n't do the maths myself , but the analysis seemed robust . 
  others have looked closely at them , including euphiles on here , and not found fault with them . 
   there 's a bit of very flaky logic in there . 
  the attitude of members of a union to someone who rejects that union , and their attitude to the same people not rejecting that union , are n't going to be the same thing . 
  you ca n't therefore use how the rest of the eu might react to a uk that has rejected the union as their attitude to it if they had n't . 
  to be honest , there is already so much anger and snearing at the uk from the rest of the eu for having the referendum , for daring to stay out of the euro , for daring to stay out of schengen , for not wanting to be a single federal state and i agree that if the uk votes out the anger with the uk will be extraordinary , just as there is massive anger against greece now . 
  you only have to read the constant `` lazy greeks '' comments on here to understand what our partners think about the greeks . 
  in the long run , though , the uk and the reu will likely put in place a new trading relationship . 
  sweden are not in the euro , so i guess they wo n't be involved ... 
   if you 're not the # 1 export market for any eu country , then you ca n't be the # 1 export market of all of them together . 
  this , as a matter of logic , is just not true . 
   i can only conclude that you have already done this exercise , and will have your figures to hand once you 're off your mobile . 
  and i do mean your figures , rather than some journalist 's article . 
  i did n't do that maths myself , someone else did it and some journo picked up on it . 
  however , after reading the discussion , it did n't surprise me . 
  the journo sourced the maths involved . 
  also , this is not just some legalistic turn of phrase . 
  it is actually somewhat interesting as a statistic and adds significant weight to the argument that the reu would want to put in place a new trade agreement with the uk , post brexit . 
  of course , there is always a risk that the reu would want to punish the uk and refuse to do a free trade deal with it ( much as we are seeing the reurozone currently punishing greece ) and thus the uk must be prepared for the reu to try and put maximum tariffs on exports from the uk etc. 
  but do you know what ? 
  if that is the attitude of the reu , then do we really want `` ever closer union '' with them ? 
  of course not . 
  i 'm on a mobile phone right now . 
  however , if you think that the uk is not the reu 's largest export market , why do n't you say which country is the reu 's largest export market ? 
  why is that so difficult for you ?!, 
  i 'm not twisting and turning . 
  i am using the exact same words and positions that i have used all along . 
  which country do you think is the reu 's largest export market ? 
  if you removed the uk from the eu , you are left with the reu . 
  which country does the reu export the most to ? 
  it is the uk . 
  this means that the uk is the reu 's largest export market . 
  the uk is the largest export market of the reu . 
  are you saying that it is n't ? 
  greece did make some mistakes , the biggest was joining monetary union with countries that were economically very different from them that did not want a fiscal union with them . 
  like the uk , they should have stayed out . 
  by far the largest mistake was made by the people that designed the euro and the subsequent mistakes have been by the reurozone who refuse to create eurobonds and a fiscal union , the only possible solution . 
  i am astounded at how selfish they are . 
  the uk is the reu 's largest export market . 
  two of the three institutions managing the greek crisis as eu institutions , the european commission and the european central bank . 
  it has been a disaster . 
  the eu has been an embarrassment . 
  in the uk we like queues and are proud of them so seeing orderly bankrun queues overseas is somehow soothing though also somehow concerning . 
  same here . 
  greece needs to get back its national democracy and it can best do this by voting `` no . 
  thanks for posting this . 
  hopefully order is maintained . 
  the deal that the uk gets is a matter of negotiation . 
  we can not know that in advance . 
  it is not a reason ultimately to vote for or against the eu . 
  actually , of course we should look at what is happening in greece to reflect on our own position . 
  it would be quite wrong to ignore it . 
  it is fundamentally the most clear exposition of how the eu in practice operates . 
  it would self-centered not to consider this evidence . 
  if you are unhappy with how the eu has handled the greek situation , do n't be surprised that i am also unhappy about it . 
  the uk is voting on eu membership , not free movement . 
  separately , even if there is no agreement on trade , it is still best to vote out . 
  the reu ( and particularly ireland ) is heavily reliant on the uk 's trade . 
  the eu is not fundamentally an institution that works well . 
  look how it is handling greece . 
  it is an embarrassing failure , causing misery and unemployment . 
  there is a procedure for negotiating an agreement in article 50 . 
  no , i do n't feel very strongly about immigration and tend to be pro high levels of immigration . 
  getting out of the eu is about much more than immigration . 
  getting control of borders is simply as added advantage . 
  separately , since the a8 accessions , there has been huge net immigration to the uk from the eu . 
  different member states are going to have very different views , making the outcome unpredictable . 
  however , whatever happens , the uk needs to leave . 
  as a greek guy i am astonished that you are defending the eu right now . 
  they are destroying your country . 
  frankly , it is better to restore national democracy and dignity than stay inside . 
  no , they can essentially do one quickly given the current relationship . 
  i think it is great that scotland had a referendum and if they want another referendum i think that will be great too . 
  the reu can of course be petty and vindictive as we are currently seeing with greece . 
  this is even more of a reason not to be in a political union with them though . 
  not really . 
  we do n't want to be in a federal superstate thanks . 
  trading is fine , but not the trappings of statehood thanks . 
  not really . 
  a new agreement will be made . 
  the uk is the reu 's largest export market . 
  trade will likely continue as before . 
  if we vote out , it will place ireland in a very interesting position . 
  all mainstream media in the uk are showing queues outside atms . 
  it is too late not to spread panic . 
  how much trust does this give you in the eu as an entity ? 
  our legislature never passes unconstitutional laws as we do n't have a constitution and if we did have one it would say : `` what the legislature passes is constitutional '', 
  it 's not yet certain whether or not the creditors will grant them an extension . 
  this is not stalling , this is giving the decision to the people . 
  many thanks . 
  other countries , not in the euro , that also grossly overspent , have not had their national democracies undermined in quite the same way . 
  look at iceland : their democracy seems to be invigorated , with the pirates on the verge of power . 
  ( i seem to recall you are a fan of the pirates . 
  perhaps you 'll think that the icelandic approach of managing the crisis : early referendum on debts , early capital controls , immediate collapse of currency , somewhat short term dramatic austerity , but without a massive serge in unemployment , returning spectacularly to the bond markets , and now the pirates close to power , all outside the eu , has some merits . ), 
  the fact that the eurozone has wasted the last five years not putting in place a transfer union and eurobonds in place is indeed regrettable . 
  had they done that , we would be in a far better situation than now .
