  and the other parties have also been using carefully selected statistics based on fear . 
  the lib dems have said that 3million british jobs would be lost if the uk left the eu . 
  really ?!, 
  still , i would have preferred ukip to have a different campaign . 
   do you really trust a party which relies so heavily on propaganda to get it 's votes ? 
  ukip are never going to be in power . 
  the purpose of ukip is to get the labour and conservatives to change their position . 
  that 's the reason to vote ukip : to force the labour party to offer a referendum . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , what happens to ukip ? 
   i 'd have describe britain as a moderately homophobic country 20 years ago . 
  today even attitudes are very different . 
  it is something where the population has changed faster than the law . 
  britain is n't really unusual in this though . 
  a lot of the west has had a largely similar journey over a largely similar time-scale . 
   http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16104275 why should the uk sign this ? 
  it is not in the eurozone . 
  the treaty went ahead anyway , so the uk not signing it had no ill effects . 
  also , the uk did not get protection of the city in this treaty , so signing it would have been a mistake . 
   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/10532152/ill-veto-new-eu-states-unless-we-deal-with-mass-migration-pledges-david-cameron.html the uk is not unusual here . 
  the french and the dutch , for example , have been much keener to veto new states . 
  are you calling them out on this too ? 
   http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/cameron-is-a-coward-european-politicians-slam-british-eu-veto-a-802823.html this is the same as the first one . 
   http://www.thelocal.ch/20140416/uk-blocks-swiss-deal-with-eu-on-croatia this is n't a veto , is it ? 
  it is just a procedural step , saying that government should sign off on what the uk agrees to . 
   portuguese general opinion about the uk is very positive , even if the media is not , on occasion . 
  lots of brits also are very positive about portugal . 
  the uk might come out of the eu , but one thing we never want to end is [ the anglo-portuguese alliance : more than 600 years old ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-portuguese_alliance ) . 
   so why is ukip doing so great ? 
  why do they have that much support ? 
  a lot of ukipers ( like me ) want the uk to be in control of borders , but still to welcome immigrants ( obviously depending on factors like the needs of the economy , the ability of infrastructure to cope with population changes and so forth ) . 
  living and working in central london i am in daily contact with many many immigrants and have many immigrants among my close friends . 
  i 'm a ukip voter because i want the uk to leave the eu . 
   per person ? 
  factored in the rebate ? 
  not per person . 
  i think total net contribution ( including rebate , obviously ) . 
   how about veto\u00edng eu agreements to game voters sympathy . 
  citation needed . 
   and then i guess you 're ready for some more bacon . 
  we are !!!, 
  many thanks :-), 
   `` self-employment '' what does that mean ? 
  many self-employed likely have a salary near zero , several people in my social circle are in this situraion . 
  i 've no idea why you are asking me this question , but it means that you have your own business . 
  i 'm not sure why you think this means that your salary will be near zero : this all depends on how profitable the business is , how much you decide to pay yourself and how much you decide to invest etc. 
  if you do n't want to be self-employed , go and work for someone else ? 
   in comparison , it 's easy to be cut off from a food source half-way around the world - by accident or on purpose . 
  there is some value in this safety . 
  i think it is better to have maximum sources and the uk to have freedom to be able to buy grain from whichever country produces it cheaper though . 
  if france wants to subsidise farmers so that their grain is cheaper than african grain , that is a shame but there is nothing the uk can do about it . 
  however , certaintly i do n't want the uk to have anything to do with this protectionism , so hopefully the uk can pull out of the cap . 
  as you say , there are many different reasons for the uk recovery . 
  i should probably have been clearer than that . 
  do you think quantative easing had any impact on the recovery ? 
  which bit are you challenging ? 
  the fixing the economy part ? 
  or the because of quantative easing part ? 
   hopefully the uk economy doing well will help speed up our recovery . 
  i am sure it will impact the irish economy soon . 
  the uk recovery only really got going 12 months ago and there will be a time-lag before this is felt in ireland . 
   good luck securing working conditions , quality , and health concerns . 
  what , like australia , canada and new zealand struggle with ? 
   i agree it 's going to be a major issue , although curiously , the early figures from the entry of romania and bulgaria into the visa-free-movement zone indicate that there are fewer of them in the uk now than there were post-entry . 
  net immigration from the eu is on the up . 
  more and more people from the eu are coming to the uk for work . 
   eu has , a lot of farmers would be put out of business by cheaper imports , from countries that also subsidize their farming . 
  if those countries want to subsidise their farmers , then there is nothing that the uk can do about it . 
  this is not a reason for the uk to subsidise farmers though . 
  without subsidies , uk farming would become more efficient . 
   `` when '' ? 
  i know that this story is mostly a `` uk politics '' type story , but in my view this kind of thing has significant european implications : - the uk has fixed its economy better than most of europe and this is partly because the uk has gone for quantative easing . 
  surely the the eurozone will increasingly want to be able to do this too ? 
  - immigration from the eu is already a massive political issue in the uk . 
  i expect net immigration from the eu to the uk to increase significantly over the next 12 months and continue to be one of the main issues for the general election . 
  if you are unemployed in spain or greece , why would n't you move to the uk ? 
  surely any work in the uk is better than being unemployed in spain , once you get used to the bad weather and the bad food ... - good economic news means that it becomes much more likely that a conservative goverment , committed to an eu referendum and a repatriation of powers from brussels to westminster , gets relected in 2015 . 
  obviously , the main opposition parties , labour and ukip , are both having to rethink their strategy . 
  when the uk leaves the eu it will make sense to put in place ftas with africa that do n't make the cost of producing food unviable for africa . 
  i do n't agree that there is more security using european partners rather than african partners . 
  also , i am just as happy to help the african economy than helping the european economy . 
  it would make more sense for the uk to import food from countries in africa . 
  this would be cheaper for the uk and also would benefit african food producers . 
  free trade between europe and africa is a good thing , protectionism is a bad thing . 
  in my mind strasbourg is a bit like the cap - something that everyone knows is a bad idea , but that we will have to keep forever because of france . 
  it is a bit of a shame that margaret thatcher did n't negotiate the uk getting a rebate for the costs of strasbourg in fact . 
   yeah i know , but for some reason i got downvoted so i thought what the hell ... haha !, 
  in that case you are forgiven ... 
   ok , i take that back , it is not possible to meet people from all over mediterranean , eastern europe , nothern europe and pretty much all over the world in other british cities apart from london . 
  london still stands out , but a lot of the uk is increasingly cosmopolitan . 
   where is this coming from i do n't even . . ? 
  if you look at the thread you will see that one redditor suggested that a nordic union would be a good idea and another then suggested that it could lead to conflict , like with russia and ukraine . 
  i do n't think it is a good comparison . 
   but thing is ... you ca n't really know . 
  back in early 20th century , it was thought that the growing dependencies between countries were making war very unlikely . 
  they were proven horrifically wrong . 
  i agree that the possibility of war is always going to exist . 
  however , i find it extremely surprising that anyone thinks that a nordic union would increase the possibility of conflict . 
  i really do n't think it makes sense to think that a mooted nordic union is remotely similar to current russian agression . 
   they are all immigrating to the uk now . 
  where i live is full of them .
