  the judge only looks at those questions . 
  wow , people still vote labour ? 
   it was assumed that the process would begin shortly afterwards , rather than a lengthy delay of this extent . 
  be more precise . 
  not by vote leave it was n't . 
  they were correct that planning would need to be done first . 
   for example , during the euro-crisis ireland decided to guarantee the loans of their banks without asking the rest of the countries . 
  no , ireland was forced to guarantee the loans of their banks by its eurozone partners . 
   i really wish , someone would oranize march for europe in every country on the same day , so that millions of people would show some support . 
  another great option would be to organise referendums in every country on the same day , so that we could check the level of that support . 
   see our other conversation . 
  i 'm done here wasting time on you , good day . 
  you are misrepresenting me . 
  i am not saying that the government should not be held to account . 
   one politician . 
  no , multiple politicians . 
  i am not sure how closely you follow politics , but there was massive speculation that cameron would resign if we voted leave . 
   history has not proved them correct , just that they said one thing that was right . 
  stop making sweeping statements then . 
  this is an important thing that they got right , because you seem to think that economists were right to assume that article 50 would be triggered . 
  immediately . 
  we now know that this did not happen . 
   but now trucidator is trying not to hold the government to account because they were not vote leave !, 
  this is not my position . 
  of course the government should be held to account . 
   i 'm getting tired of this , you never learn . 
  the eu commission has had to revise up its predictions because the uk economy turned out not do even better than they thought it would in november . 
  that is great news for all of us . 
  voting leave has had great consequences . 
   and there was no indication that we would have a new government at the time . 
  there were multiple politicians that said that cameron would not last if we voted to leave . 
  perhaps you do n't follow politics closely , [ but here is ken clarke ] ( https://www.thesun.co.uk/archives/politics/1131809/david-cameron-wont-last-30-seconds-if-we-vote-for-brexit-says-ken-clarke/ ) for example ,  no it has n't , and that you think so illustrates how much of a bubble you have trapped yourself in . 
  vote leave both advocated and predicted that article 50 would not be triggered immediately . 
  they were correct . 
  this is not me living in a bubble . 
  this is a fact . 
  you can have your own opinions , but you can not have your own facts . 
   you know , because data takes time to gather and predictions are made on data . 
  yes , the data has shown that the uk economy performed very well at the end of 2016 . 
  this is despite the predictions made in november 2016 that it would not perform so well . 
   no , i was talking about how you hold different groups accountable and unaccountable when it suits you . 
  we can not hold vote leave accountable for actions taken by the uk government at any stage , because vote leave are not the uk government . 
  however , when vote leave make claims , we can assess the likelihood of those claims occurring . 
  in considering whether or not the uk government would trigger article 50 immediately , economists should certainly have considered the position of vote leave , as it was likely to have some bearing on what would occur . 
  history has proved vote leave completely correct . 
  as a matter of fact , what predicted turned out to be what actually happened . 
   uk 's uncodified system would n't be able to handle being part of a codiefied union like the eu . 
  you are correct that the uk 's particular constitutional arrangements made it a poor fit for the eu and in fact were one of the reasons for the leave vote . 
   well let 's hope that with brexit some preconcevied notions will be challenged and that the lessons will be learnt lessons will have to be learnt . 
  the eu now has no option but to start learning lessons . 
  this is one of the good things about brexit . 
  it forces all of us to challenge our preconceived notions . 
  this exercise is going to be good for all of us . 
   except i 've explained how the circumstances changed and there was more uncertainty about dates and the impact those alone would have at the time . 
  in what way have circumstances changed since november 2016 ? 
  at that time the uk government 's timetable was the same as its current timetable . 
   the point is that you are self contradicting about accountability . 
  i am not . 
  i am pointing out that economists should make reasonable assumptions . 
  you seem to think they should only limit themselves to assumptions that might later turn out to be false . 
   your dodging the point , again . 
  the point is that economists should make predictions on the basis of reasonable assumptions . 
  to the extent that economists only look at some assumptions ( which turn out to be wrong assumptions ) then their predictions are unhelpful . 
  we all want economists to be helpful . 
   not really , there was a lot of uncertainty . 
  do n't mistake hindsight for knowledge at the time . 
  the relevant time was november . 
  at that time everyone knew that article 50 would not be triggered immediately . 
   hey , so i remembered the idiom imprecisely , no need to rub it in . 
  i am actually impressed by you knowing this idiom at all . 
  ( as a lawyer , it is an idiom i really like . ), 
   eh , it made little sense to obsess about immediate impacts . 
  i am not disagreeing with you that immediate impacts only have a limited value and that long term things are more important . 
  but note that the `` experts '' on the remain campaign claimed before the referendum that voting to leave would cause an immediate recession . 
  so the fact that this turned out not to be correct is worth noting , because it has implications for the credibility of those `` experts '' . 
   and depends on a multitude of factors . 
  i agree that there are so many variables at play . 
  brexit is simply one variable among others , trump , china , middle east and oil prices , greek crisis , policies of uk government etc etc etc. 
   the jury is still up the jury is still out on some things , but not others . 
  the jury is not out on whether or not the uk would trigger article 50 before doing any preparation . 
  we know that the uk is doing preparation before triggering article 50 . 
  the jury is also not out on the immediate impact of a vote to leave on the uk economy . 
  we know that the uk economy grew strongly after the vote to leave the eu . 
  this is why all experts have revised up their predictions about the uk economy . 
   i 'm sorry , but you have not accounted for the fact that you have contradicted yourself on one of your key lines , and one of the key lines for leavers . 
  i have not contradicted myself . 
  economists should make predictions based on reasonable assumptions . 
  it was reasonable to assume that article 50 would not be triggered immediately . 
   besides , you miss in the article that the predictions are for 2017 , and the delays to article 50 that became clearer in november was a key part of this . 
  it was clear by 24 june that article 50 was not going to be triggered immediately . 
  by october , it was clear that may was looking at a '' before the end of march timetable '' . 
  as at november , it was very clear to all economists ( even ones working at the european commission ) that the uk government was preparing before triggering article 50 . 
   funny , you contradict your previous stances where you would not vote leave to account because they were not the government , now you do n't hold the ( then ) government to account because they were not vote leave . 
  it is already a fact that vote leave were correct that article 50 would not be triggered immediately . 
  you are entitled to your own opinions , but not your own facts . 
  while it is true that vote leave did not have the power to ensure that article 50 would not be triggered immediately , they did have the power to recommend that it would n't be . 
  given that we can all agree that this recommendation was a sensible one , i think we should agree that economists , in making their predictions took it into consideration . 
  as mentioned , if economists limit themselves to false assumptions when making their predictions , those predictions will have far less value . 
  presumably none of us want this . 
  edit :  your previous stances where you would not vote leave i did vote leave .
