  i agree it is very hypothetical . 
  however , the fact that this has got so far as cabinet talks is of itself pretty interesting . 
   you ignore the fact that this agreement would include securing the outer borders of this mini schengen . 
  when refugees show up at the borders of germany and austria , which they will , what is the german government really going to do ? 
  build a fence and say they have to stay in czech and slovenia ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  however , it would be interesting watching germany build a fence with poland and czech . 
   earlier this summer german chancellor merkel warned that the agreement is dead if other countries do not accept more refugees . 
  `` if we ca n't divide them equally then we must talk about the future of schengen , '' she said . 
  the primary reason schengen is being challenged is because of the refugee crisis . 
  merkel herself is linking sharing refugees with schengen . 
  if you have fewer countries in the new-schengen-zone , this could turn into the same number of refugees shared between fewer countries . 
   will there be racial profiling during those checks ? 
  yeah , if you look like a slav or mediterranean or a viking you will not be welcome . 
   well , they 're doing it because of france , which does n't want to remain in schengen it seems . 
  i 've been trying to work out what official french government policy is currently on schengen . 
  seems like hollande just wants to temporarily instate borders , but within the current schengen arrangement which allows temporary borders in a national emergency . 
  interested if anyone has different information on that . 
  i know that sarko wants to scrap schengen and put in place a new thing . 
  also , why have they not invited the rest of the countries that are currently in schengen if the problem is just france ? 
  what about italy ? 
  [ edit - okay it seems that guardian is reporting that current french government does not want out of schengen but just wants to toughen up schengen . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/18/eu-travellers-tighter-id-checks-french-clampdown-borders-paris-attacks ), 
  also , it is somewhat interesting that france is not in these talks . 
  it is hard to know if those countries do n't trust france any more or whether it is france that does n't trust those countries . 
  maybe both . 
  maybe they are waiting for sarko . 
   lets build things in the correct order . 
  start from the foundation and build upwards . 
  correct order is to check with the people via a referendum before beginning the building . 
  as you say , you should put in place the common structures to make an open border work before you actually open to borders . 
  this parallels the eurozone discussions . 
  what kind of crazy union creates a common currency before creating a common treasury and fiscal transfer mechanisms ? 
   the dutch cabinet is in talks with belgium , luxembourg , germany and austria about a mini-schengen area . 
  i do n't think it makes sense for the netherlands to get into some mini-schengen relationship with germany . 
  who knows what additional costs will be introduced at a later stage . 
  this kind of discussion shows just how fragile schengen has become ... 
  yeah , we dropped the ball on that one . 
   oh yes , because clearly most eu agencies are supranational and not complemental , amirite ? 
  all eu agencies are surpranational . 
   the amount of mental gimnastics and double standards you created right now to justify these things is astounding . 
  there are no double standards . 
  plain and simple the british people are happy with shared intelligence with the five eyes but would not happy with giving control of our intelligence agencies to brussles . 
  accept this and move on . 
   did british people vote for a common secret service wih usa , canada , australia and new zealand ? 
  thought so . . no , they did not vote for it directly . 
  however the five eyes arrangements are essentially bilateral whereas the eu arrangements would be supranational and require eu treaty change and a referendum . 
  british people trust usa , canada , australia and new zealand with intelligence . 
  we do n't trust europeans generally with this ( though some we trust more than others ) . 
   maybe , but you could just mess up the relationship with the us for a change . 
  in relation to spying , that would not make sense . 
  other stuff should be considered on an issue by issue basis . 
   sure , but you wanted to leave anyways , so just do n't disturb . 
  it 's europe !, 
  we do n't need to disturb , it will still be a chaotic mess !, 
   as long as we do n't have to join , i doubt we 'd care . 
  in some ways it would be easier for us to spy on them if they just had one united secret service . 
   did i trigger you yet ? 
  she does n't sound my type , but i am happy for you to date whoever you want !, 
  thanks orban . 
   well france can not scrap schengen . 
  france can leave schengen . 
  it ca n't leave schengen without breaching eu law . 
  france can of course ignore eu law and just leave schengen [ i guess a bit like france is currently ignoring eu law in relation to the fiscal compact ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11999544/france-swats-aside-eu-budget-rules-in-rearmament-blitz.html ) . 
  this is what i love about you french . 
  you are happy to sign things and then ignore them once you realise they are stupid things . 
  we brits feel obliged to refuse to sign things in advance if we think they are likely stupid . 
  * vive la difference !, 
   le pen will never even pass in the second round . 
  never ever . 
  i will delight in seeing her supporters seethe . 
  how le pen does in the second round depends on who her opponent in the second round is . 
  against sarko/juppe she fails . 
  against hollande/valls , not so sure . 
  even if she fails in the second round but gets some high score , there will be consequences . 
  is she pre or post ? 
   i like my women : trans what kind of trans ? 
   hollande wants to reform schengen . 
  sarkozy wants to scrap it and try something else . 
  le pen wants to leave the eu . 
  so that 's the spectrum . 
  i think we need to think about what these people would actually do if they won the next french presidential election rather than just their rhetoric : hollande - maybe talk about reforming schengen , however probably not achieve anything . 
  sarko - maybe talk about scrapping schengen , but personally i do n't think he would . 
  it remains legally impossible ( within eu law ) for france to scrap schengen . 
  it would only be possible to scap it with treaty change and it is not clear to me that this would really be possible . 
  treaty changes opens up all kinds of other headfucks . 
  le pen - all bets are off . 
  not only can we not really predict what a le pen presidency would look like , we can not predict how france 's partners would react ... 
   common secret services guys . 
  i 've been saying it for years now . 
  can you imagine how far could we reach like that ? 
  ? we could increase security everywhere!it makes no fucking sense to not have a common secret services organization !, 
  the uk already has a common secret service with usa , canada , australia and new zealand . 
  there is just no way the uk would swap that relationship for an eu one . 
  obviously the uk secret service collaborates extensively with various european secret services , but transferring power of the uk secret service to brussels is not something that british people would ever vote for . 
   the main cause is without the doubt the continued , absurd and unjustifiable refusal on behalf of national and european authorities to take advantage on what is probably the main benefit of quantitative easing -- the ability to run higher deficits while keeping borrowing costs down -- to pursue a fiscal expansion , as the united states did in the aftermath of the financial crisis ( and as advocated by growing number of mainstream economists and commentators ) . 
  as always with the eurozone , the politics and the economics pull in opposite directions . 
  fiscal expansion in the eurozone is economically necessary , but it now not only politically impossible because of the number of national governments that are committed to austerity , but it is also legally impossible because of the fiscal compact ( the one that cameron `` vetoed '' ) . 
   i really hope that soon we will be able to call each other names again !, 
  i think the special mixture of love and hate that exists between the english and the french is something that we do n't have to suspend even at this time .
