  so instead what we have are very subtle changes that will one day hopefully result in de facto federation . 
  this is very dangerous in the long term . 
  politicians should be honest with people about their intentions . 
  if people wouldl n't support something , it should n't happen . 
  trying to do something in a subtle way so that people do n't notice something holds the elctorate in contempt and will end up causing massive problems . 
   what kind of treaty change does cameron want ? 
  [ he wants a looser eu with fewer powers . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/10700644/david-cameron-the-eu-is-not-working-and-we-will-change-it.html ), 
   rather than straight up lending money through the imf , having the ecb buy toxic eur denominated debt is n't a terrible idea , except nobody would be willing to sign on to it ... but you know . 
  yeah , it is that continual paradox with the eurozone . 
  everytime you find a solution that works economically , you realise that it does n't work politically . 
   but that , in my opinion , is still much better than dissolution of the eurozone , which would be devastating . 
  therefore the only option is unification of the fiscal policy ( i.e. 
  this option is only better if it has a really clear democratic mandate , treaty change , national debates , referendums and so forth . 
  if this is the plan , then it is a bit odd that nobody is really moving it forwards . 
  only one eu leader really seems to want treaty change and that is cameron !, 
  if anyone runs it , the guardian will run it ( they are the only news source really interested in snowden and related fall-out ) . 
  i searched the telegraph and the express and could n't see it ... 
  because russia annexed crimea and is fighting in ukraine . 
  western leaders should not do anything that could be construed as endorsing russia 's current actions . 
  my strong expectation is that this story gains no traction whatsoever ... we shall see . 
  no , it could potentially be the start of the rebirth of the european economy . 
  with the eurozone , many countries are simply unable to compete with the core , and unable to devalue and export their way to recovery . 
  instead they are left to permanent austerity , deflation and high unemployment . 
  another option would be for real reform of the structure of the eurozone : that would also help . 
   whose votes ? 
  that kind of attitude only panders to the hardline conservatives whose vote is already locked-in anyway ( or swinging between tories and ukip ) . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  i think this makes lab/lib/con floaters more likely to vote tory . 
  as mentioned , mass surveillance is not a concern for the vast majority of voters . 
  however , national security and defence is generally an issue which cons do best at . 
   promising to `` give intelligence services more to keep the country safe '' he would n't need to promise to give the intelligence service more . 
  he would simply need to promise to stop the european courts from taking away their current powers . 
   `` we want british human rights '' embarrassment . 
  in what way was this an embarrassment ? 
  this is n't something that the electorate seem to care about a lot , but on balance it seems more brits than not want to withdraw from the echr  it 's pretty easy for that to look as if cameron 's quelling individual liberty and privacy at every corner . 
  is it ? 
  this has been a non-story so far during the election . 
  nobody is discussing it . 
  cameron can say to that that he ensured that there would be no id cards . 
   now , this is n't a subject that majority of voters normally consider , but if it becomes a news story it generally looks pretty bad for the pro-surveillance state side . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't think brits either believe they are in a surveillance state or care . 
   if this does become a news story , nicola is going to have a field day . 
  nicola will have a field day anyway , but this makes a conservative government more likely . 
  this is not one of nicola 's big issues . 
  i searched for this story in the uk press but could not find any references to it . 
  mass survelliance ( and related issues ) generally is not something that seems to be on the uk public 's mind when it comes to the elections . 
  if this does become a news story , cameron can run an argument along the lines of `` i 'm prepared to give our intelligence services the tools they need to keep our country safe and i am prepared to fight this in the european court '' . 
  this kind of thing gains votes . 
  i 'm afraid this really is not acceptable . 
  i think the thread should be deleted because you editorialised the title . 
  if you just left the title as it was , it should n't be deleted . 
  there is no rule that titles need to reference europe . 
  there is a rule that titles should not be editorialised . 
   just curious on your thoughts on the matter . 
  [ given that you asked this same sub an almost identical question less than 24 hours ago , i would have thought that your curiosity would already be satisfied . 
  ] ( http://ua.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/321nkr/should_germany_pay_greece_war_reperations/ ), 
  please do n't editorialise headings . 
  this is in breach of the comminity rules and guidelines . 
  if this becomes election fodder ( i do n't think it will be a big news story amd ca n't see the main media outlets running this story ) then it will be a vote winner for the conservatives and ukip . 
   what makes the plan `` absurd '' in 2010 , but reasonable in 2012 ? 
  europe 's banks were much better capitalised in 2012 than they were in 2010 . 
  arguably , had the greek restructuring happened during 2010 , when europe 's banks were not well capitalised , there could have been a succession of bank collapses and other sovereign defaults , bringing the european financial system to its knees . 
  personally i do n't believe this is the case though . 
  i tend to agree with the imf view described in the paper mentioned in the article and think that the imf should have insisted in greater private sector bail-in and insisted on early ecb intervention . 
  i think this would have lead to a far better outcome for greece in the long term ( though it might have meant the end of the eurozone ) . 
  given that england was not a party to the treaty of tordesillas , i find it a bit surprising that anyone should argue that the uk should be bound by it ... 
   one of the arguments used by argentinians is the treaty of tordesillas ( and their successors ) which are made by portugal and spain , and in fact they never ceased , which means that if tomorrow spain tried to colonize a country that could n't be , for example , brazil unless they want to break the treaty with portugal . 
  out of interest , how does this impact uk , argentina and falklands ? 
   but in other hand portugal is a very long ally with the brits and it 's hard to believe that portugal would be against uk in any matter/thing in discussion . 
  anglo-portugese alliance dates back to 14th century . 
  :-) [ the portuguese embassy in the uk says that during the falklands war , the uk were able to use the azores for re-fuelling of aircraft on the basis of the anglo-portugese alliance . 
  ] ( http://portuguese-embassy.co.uk/en/bilateral-relations.html ) this indicates that portugal supported the uk . 
  it all kind of depends what constituency you live in . 
  i live in [ bermondsey and old southwark ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bermondsey_and_old_southwark_ ( uk_parliament_constituency ) ) , which this time round is likely to be a labour/libdem marginal . 
  labour are saying that a vote for any party other than them is a vote for the conservatives . 
   where and when this `` vote for yx is actually vote for xy '' originates ? 
  this has been an extremely common feature in uk politics for many years ( and it is partly an inevitable feature of a fptp voting system ) . 
  for years we have seen things like : - labour in scotland saying that a vote for the snp is a vote for the conservatives ( they are saying it this election too ) . 
  - the conservatives saying that a vote for ukip is a vote for labour ( they are warning people that they might go to bed with nigel farage and wake up with ed miliband ) . 
  - the conservatives are also saying that a vote for labour is a vote for alex salmond . 
  - the libdems in every single constitutency they have a chance in , saying that only they can beat they can beat the conservatives/labour , depending on whoever else is competitive in that seat ... 
   really tho , it 's the first time i 've heard of an operational range for nato as well . 
  it has always been a fundamental principle of nato that it did not cover legacies of the colonial powers . 
  this is why article 5 of the nato treaty was drafted in such precise terms , to cover attacks in europe or north america :  '' * the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that * '' this makes complete sense in my mind . 
  colonial legacies are very specific to individal countries and do n't directly concern other nato allies . 
  in the event that argentina were to invade falklands , i expect that france would likely provide support to the uk . 
  however , there really is no reason why various other nato allies , like the baltics or spain and portugal need to get involved . 
   well , yes , we know how to remove kebab , but removing ze rosbif ... that 's an entire new can o ' worms ... rosbif here , please remove us , thanks !, 
  according to this map , ireland supports argentina 's claim to the falkands . 
  does anyone have any other source on this ? 
   edit : the law that you are pointing has not been relevant until now . 
  unless the creditor has goodwill is hard to get a clean up yeah , looking at it i did n't think it will work very well . 
  i guess i just found it interesting that by making changes to the previous law it is an acknowledgment that the previous law needed reforms . 
  it is a bit of shame that they did n't take the opportunity to do a real reform . 
  i can not understand why they did n't consider bankruptcy laws in other countries more closely . 
  from the paper :  the fund was coming to the rescue not just of greece , but of the euro ; even the rich countries that never needed imf money were , in many respects , supplicants , using the fund to help save their terribly flawed system of monetary union . 
  this is where the imf went wrong in my opinion . 
  a traditional imf rescue has a single clear focus , rescuing a country from its debts .
