  whether or not we stay in the single market is a secondary question as to whether or not we stay in the eu . 
  now that we have decided that we will leave the eu , we can and we are have a national debate as to whether or not we stay in the single market . 
  personally i think we should leave it , others think differently . 
  we should welcome this debate , not fear it , for it is the hallmark of a healthy democracy to be able to debate political issues . 
   and thus we still months later do n't know what we voted on . 
  we voted to leave the eu . 
  now it is the job of the government to implement our decision . 
   it 's not rocket surgery , many places have ballot iniatives rather than our advisory but actually binding referendums . 
  yes , those countries tend to have entirely different constitutional and legal frameworks than the uk . 
   some are claiming there is a need . 
  naturally the government does n't see it that way . 
  funny what a non-binding vote can become . 
  while as a matter of law the referendum was not binding , it should of course be binding . 
  this is because the way the referendum was sold to the british people is that it was binding . 
  the uk government specifically told the british people that it would implement the decision of the british people . 
  the british people therefore are entitled to expect the uk government to implement their decision . 
   what will have to pass parliament in any case is the withdrawal agreement . 
  i guess that includes the house of lords too , then . 
  as a matter of constitutional law , the uk government can sign the withdrawal agreement without having to check with parliament first . 
   and more than a million more scottish people voted to remain . 
  not quite . 
  while more scottish people voted remain than leave , the difference was not a million . 
   and lets be fair even after the brexit a lot of sovereignty with regard to product standards ( for example ) and financial regulation wont lie in british hands or they wont be able to sell any products to europe . 
  unless the uk wants to loose half its economy overnight they will still follow eu standards for pretty much anything . 
  product standards are increasingly set globally . 
  the uk will have a seat at the table at which global standards are set . 
   there is : it 's far from trivial to change eu member status . 
  just a fluctuation within a 5 % margin ( rather small ) would flip the support back and forth . 
  better be sure before embarking on what will amount to a decades-long shakeup . 
  remaining in the eu is not the natural state of being for the uk . 
  it is simply an option , and equivalent to leave in that respect . 
  just as we should be sure that we want to leave , we should also have been sure that we wanted to remain . 
  on this basis there is no reason why remain should have had an inbuilt advantage . 
   seems unlikely as may does not put article 50 to a vote in parliament for fearing it may fail . 
  the main reason it would be difficult to get through is because of the house of lords . 
  the reason why theresa may should not put it to parliament is because there is no need to . 
  one of the reasons why a lot of conservatives supported remain was because they were loyal to david cameron and the conservative leadership . 
  now there is no need to be loyal to him , instead there is need to be loyal to theresa may and the new leadership , who support brexit . 
  also , many conservatives are mps for constituencies with leave majorities . 
  to support remain in these circumstances is hard . 
  also , leave won the referendum nationally and conservative voters as a group voted to leave . 
  conservative mps are going to be reluctant to stay on the side of remain . 
  also , the may government would likely not give conservative mps a free vote - they would likely be whipped to vote leave . 
  also , it is worth remembering that even if some conservative mps rebel and continue to support remain , there are a number of other mps who will support leave , including probably around 10-15 labour mps , 8 northern irish mps , one ukip mp . 
   leave did n't have to put up a plan so they could just bs about whatever . 
  scotland had to publish a white paper , the situations are not comparable because snp , who dominated the independence argument for scotland , were the scottish government so could have implemented any plan . 
  vote leave were not the uk government and thus even if they had written a plan they would not have had the power to put it in place and any plan that they wrote could have been contradicted by the uk government . 
  it is the job of the uk government to come up with a plan now that we have voted to leave . 
  it is not the job of vote leave to do this , given that vote leave were not elected and have no mandate to do it . 
   people in my country had no interest in one , 98 % of mps were opposed to one , we then voted to remain in every single area of the country . 
  the british people did n't want one , the english and welsh people did . 
  more than a million scottish people voted to leave the eu . 
  scottish mps do not as a whole represent the scottish people on this question . 
  i 've not seen any polling that suggests scots had no interest in there being an eu referendum . 
   makes me very thankful for not having fptp here . 
  what is your stance on this anyways ? 
  i am in favour of fptp . 
  i like the strong constituency link , the simplicity , the strong government it results in . 
  it means that people decide governments rather than coalitions behind closed doors forming , meaning that governments have to comply with manifesto commitments . 
  it means that a government can be destroyed quickly on an election night . 
  it means that political parties need to try and seek out the central ground of british politics if they are to succeed . 
  i voted to keep the fptp voting system in 2011 when we had a referendum and this has always been my preferred system . 
  i can see why other countries like other systems , but i do n't think they are right for the uk . 
   how important do you think nigel farage was to the success of ukip ? 
  not talking about his work in the last decade , talking about the last elections . 
  he was important in taking ukip to a place where they could win the eu elections in 2014 and come third in the vote share in the uk elections in 2015 . 
  without him , those developments would not have happened . 
  but farage had a ceiling and by the end he was a barrier to the progress of ukip . 
  he did not win his own seat in 2015 , thanet south , because he was not able to reach the central ground of british politics , even there . 
  this was the ultimate evidence for vote leave that they had to keep farage off tv and away from their campaign in 2016 . 
  farage helped bring about the referendum , but had the british people considered the referendum a proxy on whether or not they liked farage , uk would have remained in the eu . 
  sadly , farage did not probably have the self-knowledge to know that he repelled the centrist voter , that vote leave needed to attract . 
  he risked destroying everything he had worked for . 
  it was not enough for him for the goal to be scored , he wanted to be the goal scorer . 
  this makes farage a somewhat complex person . 
  he was helpful to british politics at a particular time , but now that time has passed and we can all be glad that he will no longer be in front line politics . 
  funnily enough , the person who scored the goal in the referendum was not boris , but a german , [ gisela stuart . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gisela_stuart ) without her we would not have won i do n't think . 
  with her soft and charming german accent and her knowledge of uk law and eu law ( ! ), 
  she convinced many floating voters . 
   we have a different relationship to nationalism than these countries . 
  i 'm not saying you are wrong here and i defer to your knowledge of your own country . 
  for me the questions that arise are `` why this difference '' and `` how different '' . 
  afd equivalents in dk , sw , fi , nl etc can get 20-25 % of the vote and have a massive influence politically . 
  perhaps in germany afd will settle at 8-10 % and have a lesser influence . 
   it seems that you are actually much faster in adjusting to the consequences of the brexit votum than your own government brexit was never going to be a quick thing . 
  brexit was not an event that took place on 23 june 2016 , instead it was a process that began when the uk negotiated an opt-out of the maastricht treaty and you will have to enjoy dealing with us for many many more years ... vote leave , the official campaign for the leave vote were clear that article 50 should not be triggered immediately . 
  it was a shame that cameron 's government lied about it , saying that if there was a leave vote it would be triggered immediately . 
  it was always going to be a long process . 
   i was actually surprised about the variety of topics ukip touched in their last election programme despite being widely regarded a single-issue party . 
  their name does n't really help in finding a new purpose i guess . 
  yes , their 2016 manifesto was surprisingly interesting for something that was more or less a glorified pressure group . 
  however , first past the post is very very punishing to small parties . 
  ukip only did well in the eu elections . 
  it is going to be a different kind of ukip in a couple of years time when all the competent people have left , the uk is leaving the eu and they have no elected representatives . 
  i think if we think of afd is primarily a reaction to the migrant crisis then presumably afd will fall as memories of the migrant crisis ( which seems now under control ) pass . 
  however , i am not sure in the long run if afd are really a reaction to migrant crisis , but instead to the kind of political class that caused the migrant crisis and that political class will still be there after the migrant crisis disappeared . 
  think of it this way , in austria there is the fpo , in france there is fn , in netherlands there is pvv , in the rest of north west europe there are similar parties that existed long before the migrant crisis was really a thing . 
  perhaps germany has been different because of germany 's particular history , but for long is that history going to be so strong in people 's minds ? 
  is germany really that different ?
