   i fundamentally disagree with this point , why do you think the european union has been encouraging ex-soviet countries to join ? 
  is a peaceful , unified , non-corrupt and lawful europe not a pan-european interest ? 
  peaceful , non-corrupt lawful countries is in the interests of the entire globe . 
  this is not some particular european thing . 
   this imo is a big problem i agree , the language barrier is what really holds it back . 
  i 'm personally in favour of a pan-european `` first '' language . 
  but obviously the french want it to be french , and so will reject anything else ; most assuredly english . 
  rather than trying to artificially create an eu media ( the absence of which signifies the absence of a common demos ) to hold an artificial parliament to account , it would make more sense for us to make better use of our existing parliaments , which are already held to account by existing medias . 
   of course a ukip supporter thinks that , i was hoping for something more substantiated . 
  they are remote . 
  they are never on tv . 
  nobody knows what they discuss . 
  nobody understands their powers , their agenda , their constitutional function . 
  people vote for them on the basis of national issues rather that eu issues . 
  they weirdly travel from brussels to strasbourg monthly on an expensive jolly . 
   but it 's definitely democracy . 
  for democracy to function well , far more important than the structures is the democratic culture . 
  if we impose supposedly democratic structures on peoples that just do not feel a commonality , we do n't get democracy . 
  we get a mess . 
   never said the opposite , but people agreed to do it . 
  people should read the agreements and think a bit . 
  uk thankfully opted out of the euro . 
  with luck we will leave the eu completely soon . 
   by being in the euro , you give up a lot of sovereignty too , for example . 
  with terrifying consequences . 
   yeah , who are those guys in the european parliament ; we did n't vote for them ... 
  there was an incredibly low turn-out . 
  there is no pan-european consciousness or demos , no concept of collective european interests , there is no pan-european media holding the eu parliament effectively to account , they are a remote and expensive talking shop . 
  this is not democracy . 
   do you remember the fight about eu constitution ( later lisbon treaty ) ? 
  czech republic was the last country to sign it , being pushed and blackmailed by the brussels . 
  now everyone can see the consequences . 
  in the uk , the prime minister of the time gordon brown was so embarrassed about this treaty that he did not appear in the official photograph . 
  i think ireland opted in and voted for ( but we 'll see ) . 
   and i bet people like dalia grybauskait\u0117 will not vote for the plan . 
  they will mainly capitulate in the end . 
  [ they 're a weak lot , some of them in europe , you know . 
  weak !, 
  feeble !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbzawro8m90 ), 
   same : it apparantly is limited to voting weights instead of procedure . 
  i wonder what is next : will those opposing four accept it ? 
  or will they accept to pay damages and just keep on refusing ? 
  easiest way out is to give the refugees slovakian etc nationality . 
  that way they can leave easily to e.g. 
  uk and ca n't be forced back . 
  nothing that the uk can do about this ( other than leave the eu ) . 
  but , it will be interesting to see what happens in practice . 
   so tally was 23 for , 1 abstain , 4 against . 
  i think you mean 21 for , 1 abstain , 4 against and 2 opt-outs . 
  dk and uk will never give up their opt outs . 
   what about countries like the uk and denmark who have opt-out agreements , i can not find anything information about this ? 
  they opted out and thus did n't vote . 
   no , unanimity is required if a nation asks for the nice standards to be used . 
  this is still possible until the end of 2017 or so and i would be extremely surprised if not a single eastern european nation asked for this . 
  this push for unanimity in the eu is n't there just for solidarity . 
  i understand it has just gone through by qmv . 
  given that some countries voted against , i can only assume that nice could n't be used ... 
  but , correct me if i am wrong !, 
   should n't this need to go through parliament in at least a few countries ? 
  what makes you think national parliaments should decide things that impact the nation ? 
  the european parliament already approved this . 
  that 's all that matters / s, 
   then it 's a pretty meaningless statistic not to the refugees . 
   i wonder if the proportion of people who do actually read these things has changed , though . 
  after all , the difficulty in the 70s was really of the same form - an opportunity cost of time and effort - and while treaties are 10 seconds and a google away , so are many many other things . 
  the tradeoff may not be as dissimilar as one assumes . 
  personally i would have thought it is very different . 
  while in both cases there is an opportunity cost , the quantum of the opportunity costs are very different . 
  the number of things i personally read because of the interent that i would n't read were it not for the internet is vast ... 
  in this age , knowledge is very democraticised compared to a previous age . 
   mind you , the uk did have a referendum , and the text of the treaties was available to read . 
  in this current age of internet , it is very easy for us to read treaties . 
  we 're all 10 seconds and google away from them . 
  back in the 1970s , treaties were harder to come by for most of the public . 
  effectively , people would have had to go to specialist libraries and so forth . 
  the `` ever closer union '' provision was not focused on in the uk government 's official literature relating to the referendum on the common market . 
   why the heck would you pick up refugees in the middle east when there is millions already in europe wripe for picking up ? 
  the purpose of giving asylum is to protect those who are most vulnerable . 
  the ones in europe are not vulnerable . 
  they are already safe . 
   flying is a bit overkill , just send them on a bus/train . 
  why do they need a plane ? 
  the cheapest , safest , most efficient way of getting from refugee camps in the middle east to germany is by plane . 
  the current system is utterly chaotic . 
   indecision of the eu of course . 
  normally this problem gets circumvented by qmw , but that is n't applicable here . 
  qmv is applicable here . 
   but unlike the uk switzerland 's successes are not at all based on powerful direct to indirect foreign influences . 
  to the contrary really . 
  the uk has , in my opinion , much more to lose than many realize . 
  the uk also has more to gain . 
   so because the uk does it , it becomes a good idea . 
  right . 
  that seems logical ? 
  if you think it is a bad idea , feel free to explain why . 
  by dropping the fine , this becomes effectively unenforceable . 
   and an axe at the foundations of the eu . 
  let 's hope so . 
  i never saw this on tv , i only read the books .
