  the fact that you conflate the two things indicates that you are financially illiterate . 
  there is no such thing as a `` normal transaction '' . 
  all transactions involve buying and selling . 
  a quick transaction is just as normal as a slow one . 
  as technology changes , methods of trading change too . 
   an eu-wide one should have much more efficacy than one just in sweden . 
  this tax is not meant to be eu-wide as only 11 member states are formally participating . 
  however , those non-participating member states , and particularly those with large financial centres , will be affected . 
  no , new york and hong kong have made it clear that they will not be taxed in this way . 
  if london does get taxed in this way ( being in the eu will mean that london will be required to co-operate ) , london will be disadvantaged . 
  certainly it will mean that trades that can take place anywhere in the world might be structured to avoid london . 
   leaving the eu does n't open you more to the rest of the world . 
  it does . 
  the uk will be able to make free trade agreements with the rest of the world . 
   true , there 's obviously a conflict since the uk 's biggest economy is based on leeching money off other markets and countries . 
  finance is not leeching money . 
  it sounds like you do n't understand finance . 
   it addresses trading , especially high frequency trading . 
  it addresses slow frequency trades in the same way as it addresses high frequency trades . 
  it does n't distinguish between trades that are dangerous and trades that are n't dangerous . 
  there is n't any evidence showing any trades are dangerous though . 
  can they do that ? 
  can they tax the uk office of deutsche bank for example if they trade with sweden ? 
  how , i do n't really see how that would be legal . 
  or tax a uk bank dealing with a danish bank ? 
  it 's a while since i read the draft directive ( and i understand that the text of it is likely to change a lot ) but i recall that it would apply to trades that take place between the deutsche bank london branch and swedbank london branch or stockholm branch ( given that the main db entity is a german one ) , but not london based trades that take place between barclays bank and danske bank ( given that neither barclays nor danske are from participating member states ) . 
  the uk will likely continue the legal challenge . 
  i do n't think the uk will win the challenge though : this will make it more likely that the uk leaves the eu . 
  after all , what is the point of being in the eu if the eu is able to damage our biggest industry and we ca n't stop it ? 
  no , the uk challenged it because , as currently drafted , it would apply to transactions that take place in london , if one of the counter-parties were incorporated in a participating member state . 
  so trading wo n't move to london . 
  trading will be reduced everywhere . 
  this will affect the uk the most , because the uk has the biggest financial centre . 
   i think this is a great tax . 
  not that i believe in it , but those countries who want it can try it , the other ones can opt out . 
  just as it should be the tax is likely to have extra-territorial impact though . 
  ( this is why the uk is challenging the tax . ), 
   england to be a country fooled by nationalism and isolationist policies . 
  leaving the eu is not isolationist . 
  there is the rest of the world out there . 
  the stakeholders within the eu are not all completely united though . 
  different nations have very different positions . 
  look at the eu 's response to russia annexing crimea : it is a case study on the eu not being united . 
  there will be several nations that will want to trade with the uk . 
  the uk leaving the eu will be good for the eu . 
  the eu will be able to become federal much quicker . 
  i agree : some other countries also go for gradual change too , including yours . 
  the french like to do thinks quicker !, 
  the uk , by not having a written constitution , has an easier time being flexible though . 
  i think that the a/v referendum did not help the move towards p/r . 
  however , it is currently an interesting time in uk politics . 
  we have had the same two political parties for 100 years without many changes . 
  for most of the last century , almost everyone in the uk has voted for one of these parties . 
  the fact that this pattern is changing , means that it becomes a bit more likely that electoral reform will be discussed . 
  but the discussions for this will likely not begin until after the next election . 
  yes , reddit is going crazy . 
  i think my account is doing multiple posts . 
  if you look at the history of constitutional changes in the uk , the pattern is for changes to take place with gradual steps . 
  unlike some other nations , which have experienced quick revolutionary constitutional changes , changes in the uk have been evolutionary . 
  examples of this have been the gradual widening of the franchise , the gradual decrease in the power of the monarch , the gradual changes to the structure and role of the house of lords , and , most evidently , the gradual changes in the entire uk constitution , which is n't even written down . 
  the belief that a/v might lead to eventual p/r , was thus seen in these terms by much of the uk . 
  just a step that was part of longer constitutional change . 
  i ca n't remember who said it , but the expression : `` in the evolution of our constitution there shall be no resting point '' is often quoted and widely accepted by uk constitutionalists . 
  if you look at the history of constitutional changes in the uk , the pattern is for changes to take place with gradual steps . 
  unlike some other nations , which have experienced quick revolutionary constitutional changes , changes in the uk have been evolutionary . 
  examples of this have been the gradual widening of the franchise , the gradual decrease in the power of the monarch , the gradual changes to the structure and role of the house of lords , and , most evidently , the gradual changes in the entire uk constitution , which is n't even written down . 
  the belief that a/v might lead to eventual p/r , was thus seen in these terms by much of the uk . 
  just a step that was part of longer constitutional change . 
  i ca n't remember who said it , but the expression : `` in the evolution of our constitution there shall be no resting point '' is often quoted and widely accepted by uk constitutionalists . 
  if you look at the history of constitutional changes in the uk , the pattern is for changes to take place with gradual steps . 
  unlike some other nations , which have experienced quick revolutionary constitutional changes , changes in the uk have been evolutionary . 
  examples of this have been the gradual widening of the franchise , the gradual decrease in the power of the monarch , the gradual changes to the structure and role of the house of lords , and , most evidently , the gradual changes in the entire uk constitution , which is n't even written down . 
  the belief that a/v might lead to eventual p/r , was thus seen in these terms by much of the uk . 
  just a step that was part of longer constitutional change . 
  i ca n't remember who said it , but the expression : `` in the evolution of our constitution there shall be no resting point '' is often quoted and widely accepted by uk constitutionalists . 
  if you look at the history of constitutional changes in the uk , the pattern is for changes to take place with gradual steps . 
  unlike some other nations , which have experienced quick revolutionary constitutional changes , changes in the uk have been evolutionary . 
  examples of this have been the gradual widening of the franchise , the gradual decrease in the power of the monarch , the gradual changes to the structure and role of the house of lords , and , most evidently , the gradual changes in the entire uk constitution , which is n't even written down . 
  the belief that a/v might lead to eventual p/r , was thus seen in these terms by much of the uk . 
  just a step that was part of longer constitutional change . 
  i ca n't remember who said it , but the expression : `` in the evolution of our constitution there shall be no resting point '' is often quoted and widely accepted by uk constitutionalists . 
  the sentence before the sentence you have quoted explains the rationale of the yes to av campaign . 
  nobody thought that av and pr were the same . 
  people thought that in order to reach pr that av could be an intermediate step . 
  this blog post explains it . 
  a vote for av could have lead to further changes in the future . 
   wasting eu funds , wasting eu time ( and spots ) ... you need to remember that eu funds and eu time and spots on committees belongs to eusceptics just as much as they belong to euphiles . 
  eusceptics pay into the pot too and with that taxation should come representation and money and time too . 
  you might think that ukip meps is a waste of funds , i might differ . 
  that is why both of us get a vote , so both of our opinions can be represented . 
   why not just not sign up to be part of the committee in the first place then , instead of guaranteeing worse outcomes for the rest of the eu and wasting eu funds ? 
  you 've not shown that it does guarantee a worse outcome for the rest of the eu . 
  and i 've already made the point about funds . 
  these are the funds of everyone in the eu , both euphiles and eusceptics . 
  it would be unfair if only euphiles had access to them . 
  the committee spots are for everyone , not just for euphiles . 
  excluding part of the electorate from them would be very undemocratic . 
   i know you ca n't get the outcome you want through your national political system . 
  so fix that , instead of imposing waste and inefficiency on the rest of the eu to send your message to your national politicians . 
  this is a national problem for the uk , and i know you 're a big proponent of subsidiarity everywhere else , so why not here ?
