  it sounds like this issue is the same in the uk as germany . 
  which title do you think is more accurate ? 
  even with the current title , the uk still looks hypocritical though , does n't it ? 
  out of interest , it there currently a parliamentary debate in germany about arms sales to russia ? 
  or is this something that german parliamentarians are happy about ? 
  also , are you downvoting me ? 
  and if so , why ? 
   i took the title the bbc originally used . 
  they changed it . 
  why they did it , i do n't know . 
  they changed it to make the title more accurate . 
   german media reports today that the uk keeps sending small arms ( german ) to russia . 
  maybe stop that first ? 
  yes , the uk is urgently looking into this issue and there have been strong calls within parliament for all sales to stop and hopefully that happens as soon as possible . 
  [ see for example the letter written from the chairman of the arms exports select committee to the foreign secretary ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/documents/commons-committees/arms-export-controls/140721-philip-hammond-russian-export-licences.pdf ) . 
  is there an equivalent debate going on in germany ? 
   the austerity was applied in many other countries , not the uk with his huge deficit , still the uk is the country with the best results . 
  i 'm not sure if the uk is a useful comparison point with countries like portugal , italy , greece and spain . 
  the uk has a different currency and an independent monetary policy and has done aggressive quantitative easing . 
  the uk also has very flexible labour laws . 
  also , the uk 's economy is more geared towards services . 
  also , the uk currently has higher inflation than the eurozone . 
  there has been austerity in the uk , but not remotely on the same scale as much of europe . 
  i read one incredible statistic last week : over the last two years more new jobs have been created in the uk than the rest of the eu combined . 
  however , the uk still has a massive deficit . 
   those who visit the thread are alreadyy on my side , just not as `` out there '' as me . 
  i regularly visit this kind of thread but am not `` on your side '' . 
  the main reason i visited this particular time was to make the point about the editorialised title . 
   that is why i assumed certain liberties in regard with circumcision , but god forbid i take a neutral approach toward russia , or moderate aproach toward junker . 
  and try to generate a discussion over them . 
  i 've not seen your posts on russia . 
  i 've seen your posts on juncker and they struck me as interesting and moderate so i upvoted them . 
  yes , but the sovereign debt crisis generally has not been about complex financial products . 
  what are the negative outcomes of the shale gas earthquakes in the usa ? 
  you can make any comments in the thread in my view . 
  also , the discussion of ethics of circumcision is an extremely frequent one on r/europe . 
  i do n't therefore think it is helpful to make an additional thread about it when the linked article was not about it . 
  i agree about the russia and the juncker frenzies ... 
  it would be really helpful if you did n't editorialise titles to further your agenda . 
  how many people have died in the increased earthquakes in the usa ? 
  genuine question ... 
  greece 's main problem was the sovereign debt . 
  this sovereign debt is not complex structured financial products , but plain vanilla sovereign bonds . 
  ultimately the blame here is greek governments . 
  they were n't forced to borrow . 
  the uk for a start needs to get serious about shale gas . 
  other parts of europe ( i think romania and poland ? ), 
  also have shale gas i believe ? 
  i agree , this will take a while . 
   are you serious ? 
  is this the example of uk hawkishness in comparison to berlin or paris ? 
  the article shows that the uk has been pressing for the third stage in sanctions on russia since before the mh17 tragedy . 
  these third stage sanctions still have not happened , because of opposition from other eu countries . 
  this is an example of uk hawkishness . 
  however , i agree with you that ultimately the uk should act alone and just impose sanctions on russia unilaterally . 
   so my question to you is : is there no eu-wide accountability for politicians ? 
  and if you agree that this is a bad thing , how do we change it ? 
  i 'm sure this is n't the answer you 're looking for , but in my mind the answer to this problem is to reduce to a minimum the amount of power that someone who is not ( and can never be ) accountable to you has over you . 
  hollande should not be able to interfere with the ability of the netherlands to put in place sanctions . 
  in this specific case , the purpose of sanctions is put pressure on putin 's regime . 
  this policy will work more effectively with the greatest number of countries participating in the sanctions and at times like this it makes sense not to just to be thinking on an eu level , but on a global level , with a view to achieveing heavy eu sanctions that are substantially equivalent to us , canadian , australian sanctions etc. 
  if it becomes the case that strong eu sanctions are impossible ( after the eu diplomatic process has been exhausted ) it should not be the case that sanctions hawks in the eu just give up and go home . 
  the policy objective remains the same , after all . 
  it should be the case that the sanctions hawks within the eu ( baltics , poland , romania , uk , sweden , the netherlands etc ) put in place sanctions anyway . 
   this is n't the first anti-putin statement he made . 
  honestly i do n't care which country made the accusations first . 
  i 'm just glad he has made a firm stance . 
  i agree . 
  whether a leader makes the statement yesterday ( like basescu ) or today ( like the lithuanian leader ) or monday ( like cameron ) does n't make loads of difference . 
  the important thing is having a firm stance on russia and being clear about it and being ready to enact legislation . 
   i just dont like the english mate , nothing personal . 
  you do n't like the english ? 
  you do n't want people to be moderators on r/europe because of their nationality ? 
  are n't you embarrassed to show your bigotry openly ? 
   thats where i disagree , i saw no such indications ( not gon na count the telegraph ) , they were hawkish when there were no uk interest at stake , same as france and germany . 
  so i dont see how they were more hawkish in general , or through which specific moves . 
  [ see this uk hawkishness in the guardian . ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/18/ukraine-uk-push-sanctions-russia-crimea ) . 
  maybe you do n't count the guardian either ? 
  requesting that other eu member states do more is not some strange british disease : most of eastern europe has also made equivalent statements , so has the united states . 
  i find it odd that you want to try and pretend that this is about cameron presenting the eu as a failure . 
  if the eu does not come up with convincing sanctions , this wo n't be cameron 's fault . 
   i would be very surprised if their contract has a clause that lets them abandon agreements because rebels goes nuts somewhere far away and shoots civilians ... none of us have seen the contract so we ca n't speak specifically about the legal consequences of it . 
  however , many commercial contracts and financing contracts ( including between sovereign entities ) have provisions in them that are along the lines of the following : `` a party is not liable for failure to perform the party 's obligations if such failure is as a result of acts of god ( including fire , flood , earthquake , storm , hurricane or other natural disaster ) , war , invasion , act of foreign enemies , hostilities ( regardless of whether war is declared ) , civil war , rebellion , revolution , insurrection , military or usurped power or confiscation , terrorist activities , nationalisation , government sanction , blockage , embargo , labor dispute , strike , lockout or interruption or failure of electricity or telephone service ... '' these provisions are specifically designed to ensure that in certain circumstances the contract does not need to be honoured and ( as a lawyer i would always insist that my client includes some kind of clause like this in their contracts ) . 
  in my mind this is one of those circumstances . 
  your point is that the uk is on the same page as france and germany in relation to sanctions . 
  it is true that the uk has not been hawkish enough . 
  however , all press reports indicate that the uk has pushed hard for stronger eu sanctions and has done this long before the mh17 tragedy . 
  for you to imply that cameron is using this tragedy to gain votes from eusceptics is wrong . 
   jealousy of what ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  jewish cultural achievements over the last couple of thousand years , which have been wildly out-of-proportion of the size of the jewish population . 
   some ( positions ) rather depend on economic ties , trade , especially energy reliance on russia . 
  certainly , these countries are less vocal about their position , because the threat is not direct . 
  but if european states continue to act as indecisively as they have until now , this could be interpreted as an invitation for the aggressor to step up its aggression . 
  just like nazism was not stopped in the 1930s , so we see now the advent of great-russia chauvinism , which translates into actions like shooting down a civilian plane . 
  this constitutes direct aggression against the entire european union , all european states , against humanity . 
  those who organized , who ordered and supplied weapons must stand before the hague tribunal . 
  i 'm liking her statement . 
  more european leaders need to making equivalent statements . 
   all i hear is bitching and whining though .
