  i have a strong preference for countries making decisions using their own democracies . 
   because it 's nature is something you are against . 
  i 'm not sure why you said you were against something you then stated you were for , but that 's your choice i suppose . 
  dude , my case does not rest on ever closer union . 
  even if there were no ever closer union i would still be campaigning to leave . 
  `` ever closer union '' is a separate concept and i have not used it in my arguments . 
   you will no longer be part of a powerful multinational body with it 's plethora of trade , diplomatic , military and political ties and agreements the eu is not powerful . 
  many countries outside the eu do better in terms of trade and unfortunately the euro has caused terrible unemployment . 
  the important military body is of course nato . 
  as for losing diplomatic capital , what are those countries really going to do ? 
  be pissed off because of the way that british people vote ? 
  honestly , if that is their attitude then that reflects poorly on them . 
   the question was : please go into detail on how lowering the tariffs on african agricultural produce will help british farmers . 
  take your time . 
  leaving cap generally will allow the uk to operate a radically different farming policy . 
  however , if you are asking me whether i think the uk should artificially protect uk farmers , by imposing tariffs on african imports , then my answer is that i do n't think the uk should do that . 
  i believe in free trade . 
  inefficient parts of the economy should not be protected . 
   yes , it is . 
  furthermore , you are arguing theoretics . 
  furthermore , you are arguing theoretics that you intentionally leave vague . 
  no , i was specific . 
  i gave a specific example , the eu 's trade agreement with canada and its relatively weak provisions on services . 
   furthermore , there 's no reason for the opposing governments to agree to new terms when the uk unilaterally changes the contract rather than seeking redress . 
  furthermore that is all couched in what we 'd lose by losing the eu . 
  the aim is to put in place new agreements that suit the uk 's specific economy . 
   the conservatives are , of course , broadly for staying this is not true . 
  the party is neutral . 
  mps are split down the middle . 
  party members are broadly for leaving ( though split ) . 
   there are either 2 major parties , in which case ukip is irrelevant , or there are the ones listed earlier , in which case ukip is irrelevant . 
  for the last general election and eu election ukip has had major party status . 
  only 36 of 100 ftse companies signed a letter saying that they disagreed with brexit . 
  a majority of ftse companies did not sign that letter . 
   it 's correct . 
  you are lying . 
  no , the conservative party are neutral and ukip are for leave . 
   citation needed . 
  the person that is alleging that they have a position has to back up that allegation , not the person who is disputing it . 
   no it was blatant truth . 
  you claimed : `` all major parties are firmly behind the stay campaign '' . 
  this is wrong . 
   can we thence agree that your objection is a blatant attempt at deception and smearing of your opponent ? 
  no , i simply showed you that you were wrong . 
   yes , they have skin in the game , the imf does not . 
  they have an opinion . 
  the fact that they have an opinion is not , of itself , a reason that the opinion is dishonest or incorrect . 
   i 'm done indulging this . 
  you 've been reported for abusing subreddit rules to shut-down dialogue . 
  calling people obtuse is shutting down dialogue . 
  calling people out for it is n't . 
  ( you are also calling people out for being insulting too . ), 
   not claims , simple facts . 
  the leave campaign has a vested interest in lying to you , the imf does not . 
  this is a mischaracterisation of what `` vested interest '' means . 
  otherwise you would say that anyone who has an opinion should not be listened to . 
  also , you should acknowledge that the imf has both been wrong in its predictions in the past and acted in a political way ( compromising its economics ) . 
   you intentionally dodged my and / u/buckthefast 's question repeatedly and you 're continuing to be obtuse about that fact . 
  his question was why are we having the referendum . 
  you asked why i wanted one . 
  that is a separate question from why i want to leave the eu . 
  some people want the referendum but do not want to leave the eu . 
   chiding you for being obtuse resulted in you answering the question . 
  no , asking the question lead me to answer it . 
  i am not shy of answering this question . 
   it was something you agreed to the uk agreed to it , but it was not clear to the people of the uk the last time they voted . 
   you have a larger-than - average ability to influence effecting a massive variety of people and businesses that you would normally not have access to on the level you are being given . 
  i do n't want to influence other people 's countries . 
  i am happy for them to make their own decisions . 
   the evolving nature of the eu 's ever-closer-union is what you are personally crusading against . 
  no , this is not the case . 
  even if the eu were not going to integrate any further i would still campaign to leave . 
   it will be a markedly reduced member of these bodies if brexit passes . 
  that 's the simple truth , and there 's no equivocating it . 
  you need to argue this point rather than simply asserting it . 
   please go into detail on how lowering the tariffs on african agricultural produce will help british farmers . 
  i am not a protectionist . 
  i do n't believe in trying to protect inefficient parts of an economy . 
  this is one of my reasons for wanting to leave the eu . 
   it does . 
  if you are arguing otherwise based on personal preferences you 'll need to be much more in-depth and much more persuasive . 
  no , this is not the case . 
  for example , the eu trade agreement with canada is not comprehensive in relation to services in a way that would suit the uk . 
  this is regrettable for the uk . 
   this is a reason to claim they are being dishonest no , you can not conclude anything about dishonesty just because some who is part of a campaign group makes a claim in accordance with the views of that campaign group . 
   stop trying to shut down discussion . 
  i 've told you before about this . 
  calling people obtuse shuts down dialogue . 
  surely you accept this ? 
   i 'm tired of arguing the sky is blue so i 'm just going to repeat myself : repeating claims does not make them more correct . 
  the imf makes mistakes when it makes economic predictions . 
  we should therefore be cautious before relying on them . 
  separately , in the recent past the imf has done things for political motivations rather than economic ones and lost a lot of credibility because of that . 
   `` because i want to leave the eu '' is not an answer to `` why do you want to leave the eu . '', 
  you asked why i wanted a referendum and i answered that question . 
  then you called me obtuse . 
   a dishonest attempt to shut down dialogue . 
  calling people obtuse shuts down dialogue . 
   how ? 
  eu law has supremacy over our laws .
