  the fact that the job is difficult should not stop macro-economists from trying to address it . 
  otherwise there is no way the eurozone can test whether or not they were right to join and the non-eurozone can not test whether or not it was correct not to join . 
  [ the eu commission claims that the euro brings more jobs and more prosperity . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/why/index_en.htm ) claims like this should ideally be linked to evidence , if possible . 
   i do not trust the average joe to make a good decision on a topic that is that complex i 'm the opposite . 
  i trust the average joe more than i trust politicians !, 
  that 's good , we did n't want the spaniards . 
  they have loads of scores to settle with us . 
  we 'll take the danes as well . 
   there was a spectator debate last night , and the cbi director of campaigns andy bagnall just blanked out and did n't answer repeated questioning about whether they were wrong to campaign for joining the euro . 
  according to twitter , that went down like a lead balloon with most people in the audience . 
  i was in the audience . 
  i do n't think bagnall handled that question well . 
  i think he should have said `` we were wrong about the euro and in light of recent events we have changed our position . 
  our current view is that the uk should never join the euro . 
  however , that is irrelevant to ... '' by trying to dodge the qeuestion he looked very slippery . 
  the worst moment for the remainers was when straw accused the leave campaign of `` talking down the uk '' . 
  the audience cried out `` shame '' . 
  i am sure that the remainers will cease making this claim because it is very toxic . 
  we need more countries involved . 
  we want the portuguese . 
  who do you want ? 
  i do think we should have another one , for old time 's sake ... , 
   the ez has a combined gdp that is larger than the one of china , second only to the us . 
  why should its long-term future be endangered by some countries not joining it ? 
  national currencies have not failed because they were not joined by other countries . 
  the internal threats to the euro are far bigger . 
  i agree with you that the internal risks are much bigger than the extenal ones in the case of the euro . 
  however , there are a number of political risks to the eurozone project related to poland and i see them as follows : - it is incredibly difficult to do good comparisons between the economic performances of the eurozone and the non-eurozone , but it is a necessary exercise to judge whether or not the eurozone has been a success . 
  if the non-eurozone is seen to out-perform the eurozone , then this will end up having negative political consequences for the eurozone . 
  - part of the uk 's renegotiation is aimed at trying to ensure that the eu is a multi-currency union and that no currency has official status within the eu . 
  i see this aim as very unlikely to succeed , but apparently it is the aim of the uk government . 
  from the uk 's perspective it makes sense if sweden moves from having a * de facto * opt out to a * de jure * opt out and perhaps other eurozone outs might want this to . 
  it does n't really make sense for poland to continue to have a legal obligation to join the euro if the polish people do not want to . 
  a change in the relationship between the eurozone and the non-eurozone will have , in the long term , some unforseeable consequences . 
  - the polish government seems to be putting in place a series of tests before joining the euro , including the referendum and the wages test . 
  this reminds me of the tests that we in the uk had at the beginning of the last decade , when blair was at the height of his powers and wanted the uk to join the euro . 
  brown constructed a series of tests that that were very subjective and meant that the uk almost could n't join . 
  the moment a country starts deciding for itself what kind of tests must be met ( and poland 's tests are different from the eu 's own tests ) then things get complicated . 
  once people start getting an idea about a referendum , it is hard to take that idea away , even if it takes a long time to come to fruition !, 
  a polish `` no '' vote to the euro would have significant consequences politically . 
  last time i checked sarko he was sounding like he was no longer in favour of schengen . 
  ( i understand that this position is electorally advantageous to him . ), 
  it will be interesting to see some more detail here on what he proposes . 
  given that schengen is part of the acquis , the legal issues are a minefield ( and have a parallel in cameron 's renegotiation ) . 
   talks between the government and the parliamentary parties , except sd , to reach a broad agreement on the acceptance and establishment of asylum seekers and refugees continues . 
  the next meeting will take place tomorrow , thursday . 
  the interesting thing here is that even though the sd were not present at the talks , the agreement seems to be a nod in their direction . 
  this is unsurprising , as other parties , faced with losing voters , inevitably have to reconsider some policies . 
  political power is an interesting thing . 
  even if you are not part of government , even if you are not at the talks , if people start voting for you ( or in the case of sweden , if opinion polls start indicating that people will vote for you ) you do end up with some indirect political power . 
   so i can pay 60 % of my salary living and working in london , towards rent alone ? 
  i 'd rather not . 
  while i 'm not disagreeing generally with everything you have written , i would like to point out that salaries rise faster in london , there is a lot of flexibility in the labour market , and if you are good at what you do you can earn large amounts quite quickly . 
   so my employer and i can pay taxes there , to the benefit of british children , schools , hospitals , etc , while without eu-wide fiscal redistribution the educational and healthcare systems in romania ( who need to be provide for my children and parents left behind ) are bleeding ? 
  will westerners ever see things from this perspective ? 
  i think not . 
  as a westerner i certainly understand this perspective . 
  large flows of people impact both departure countries and destination countries in different ways . 
  the long-term economic impacts of the brain-drain from southern and eastern europe will be extremely harmful . 
  there are obviously a variety of different impacts here too : including impacts on housing prices , infrastructure etc , that are generally not considered by most studies which look purely at tax receipts and benefit payments . 
  they came over to us during the olympics , in groups of 20 and 30 , all wearing matching orange clothes , all of them at least 2 metres tall , taking over the entire london underground network . 
  the uk is n't really crying about the calais situation . 
  also , france does not seem able to do anything about it or perhaps just does not care . 
  this is not a new situation , it has been going on for ten years . 
  if france does not want to deport them or process their claims , there is nothing the uk can do short of invading . 
   but leaves it to the first substitute on the list this is why i hate the `` list '' system . 
  we hardly have that system in the uk , fortunately . 
   cameron supported turkey in the first place . 
  it was ( especially ) germany and france that held turkeys process back . 
  it makes sense for the uk to suppport turkish eu membership . 
  there is an upside ( better relations with turkey ) without any downside ( turkey is never going to join the eu as other countries wo n't let it ) . 
  added bonus of mildly annoying the french . 
  this is standard british foreign policy . 
   both , beeing a minister and beeing a mayor ( or similar ) are supposed to be full-time jobs . 
  to the extent that these positions are decided by the electorate , i think ultimately the electorate can and should decide whether someone should have concurrent mandates . 
  there is no reason why mandates should necessarily by full-time mandates . 
  in fact , there are many good reasons why elected representatives should continue to do something else with their time . 
  it is supposed to be realistic . 
  thanks . 
  does anyone know when this paper was published ? 
  i could n't see the date of it . 
   so she 's selling out europe now . 
  i thought the dutch wanted a country in the eu to balance against the franco-german axis ? 
  well , you 're going to get a country to do that , it will just be turkey instead of the uk . 
   the decline is too abrupt , unless they did something shaddy . 
  they built a fence and croatia put in place plan c. 
   france and the uk together are unable to do anything with a camp of 6000 . 
  what should the uk be doing ? 
  boris johnson is not only giving himself the option to campaign for a brexit , he is starting to remove the option to campaign to remain . 
  this is big news . 
  boris is very charismatic . 
  in what kind of way would the uk want to influence countries like latvia , slovakia , denmark , portugal ? 
  provided that they are democratic , i ca n't think that we really need to influence them . 
  certainly , they should decide their own laws . 
  the uk 's gdp is larger than france 's . 
  the uk does n't want to influence other countries . 
  the uk is happy to let those countries govern themselves , with their own democracies . 
  people get across by truck , but not by boat . 
  it is not an easy sea to cross .
