  exactly because of this , it could be a difficult area for the eu to get involved in , and it has the potential to be politicised . 
  the consequences of this rule may end up entrenching regimes that are not committed to the rule of law ( which would be regrettable ) . 
  no , i am not saying that . 
  it would be possible to remove internal barriers and not put up an external barrier . 
  when i use the term internal barriers , i use it to cover both tariffs and ntbs . 
  take something like the prospectus directive . 
  this harmonises rules for offering securities to the public in the eu and removes internal barriers . 
  but it also creates an external barrier , as companies outside the eu can only offer securities inside the eu if they comply with the prospectus directive , even if they have already complied with similar legislation in their own country . 
   do you have any elements backing that up , or is it just an educated guess/feeling ; or a lot of wishmaking for your dear torry officials to crush their rivals ? 
  if you want , we can bet redditgold on this ? 
   your rationalization is that it is creating external barriers by removing internal barriers ? 
  the removal of internal barriers does not , of itself , create external barriers . 
  but the eu does in practice often end up creating external barriers . 
   create an area which minimises internal market barriers at all costs if it were simply this , i would agree . 
  however , in addition to removing internal barriers , it is also harmonising as much as possible and creating external barriers . 
  i do n't think harmonisation is always the right tool ( and prefer mutual recognition/deference ) . 
  the discussion is about norway leaving the eea , not schengen . 
   no , but i trust that the uk will require visas from foreigners , particularly non-eu ones ? 
  not for things like attending conferences ( in relation to academics from many countries ) , as it currently does n't . 
   the uk has a far more complex and expensive application process ( it costs around a thousand pounds unless that most people simply ca n't be arsed with . 
  this is not to do with eu membership though . 
  the uk could , if it wanted , do away with this . 
  ( i personally think it should . ), 
   it 's about the schengen zone which mandates a common visa policy . 
  norway 's schengen membership is separate from its eea membership . 
  the comment has not been removed . 
   flying to europe for conferences and the like is pretty much a hard requirement if you live in any single european country the uk is not going to stop people flying to it for conferences . 
   none are large enough to sustain an attractive research scene without collaboration , because realistically , this is one domain where `` per capita '' is n't very important . 
  obviously , the uk will collaborate with countries all over the entire world in academia . 
  i have not breached any rules of this sub and my comment has not been removed by the moderators . 
   but your insinuation that everyone who downvoted op is a fascist engaged in orwellian badthink is acceptable , is that right ? 
  if you think i have breached the rules of the sub , please report my post . 
   are you implying that everyone who goes to stormfront is a racist bigot ? 
  i am saying that you are implying that i am a racist/bigot and that is completely unacceptable on this sub . 
   experts who needs them / s we all need experts . 
  but when it comes to whether being in the eu is necessary for a country to have a good academic sector , we can see that it is not necessary as we know that there are countries , e.g. 
  us , which have phenomenal universities/research which are not in the eu . 
  as mentioned , if norway wants to give free movement to nordic citizens , it can do this unilaterally if it wants . 
   have the right to freedom of speech the same as anyone other man , i merely suggested a rightwing political forum which shares many of your views , especially those on brexit i am afraid you do not have the right to imply that i am a racist bigot , which is what i take your suggestion that i post on stormfront to be . 
  i have reported your post . 
   but it does not , nor does anywhere on earth . 
  the hypothesis being discussed is norway wanting to leave the eea but allow free movement with the nordics . 
  a bit like the uk and ireland having free movement both prior to and subsequent to the uk 's membership of the eu . 
   it gets by prioritising the needs of its member countries over the needs of third party nations , as norway , in this hypothetical would be . 
  i agree that the eu is not committed to free trade - one of my main reasons for voting to leave it . 
  however , prioritising free trade helps both parties . 
   you know as well as i do that the eu considers the four freedoms to be sacred and indivisible . 
  switzerland has free movement of workers and goods , but not services and capital . 
  somehow the eu managed to forget the sacred and indivisible nature of the four freedoms with switzerland . 
  however , i am talking about trade . 
  if the eu wants free trade with norway , or any other country in the world , it can do this without them being in the single market , provided that it is committed to it . 
   we already have the esm to stabilize the debt crisis . 
  for the eurozone to prosper in the long term , pooled debt is necessary and becoming more so . 
  this has been obvious since the very start . 
  it is rational to want to end monetary union and it is rational to want to complete economic union . 
  it is not rational to want to keep things as they are . 
   that sounds a lot like a switzerland-style deal to me . 
  we know that the eu does not like the switzerland deal and we also know that switzerland are increasingly becoming sick of it . 
  thus , norway moving to the swiss model seems a bit of a stretch to me . 
   meanwhile there 's no kind of exit from the single market which would n't hamper trade in some form or another . 
  we do n't know this . 
  it really depends on the extent to which both parties remain open to trade , committed to removing barriers to trade . 
  this is exactly why we need to ensure the integrity of nato and that means those nato members who do not contribute 2 % of gdp to defence to move towards that figure . 
  should out to estonia which already meets that target . 
  if they can do it , others can too . 
   i assume that 's what the norwegians against eea membership mean as cutting off 84 % of your export industry sounds a lot like economic suicide otherwise . 
  leaving the eea for norway would not cut off 84 % of norwegian exports . 
  if norway wants to leave the eea , it is exactly because it wants to leave the single market . 
   i hope that possible incoming ( god forbid ) failure of socialism will finally prove that the system inevitably leads to disaster . 
  thanks for your kind remarks , i would rather that we were n't the experiment to prove your point !, 
  in my view corbyn 's system has already been proved . 
  i am confident that the tories will win a landslide majority . 
  you wrote :  this is precisely the problem switzerland encountered when they had a referendum on restricting inward migration from the eu and the swiss government 's response was to shelve the entire referendum result because they had no way to carry it out without being unceremoniously dumped out of the single market and beaching the entire swiss economy . 
  we are talking about a scenario in which norway leaves the single market . 
   if norway left the eea then it would be in exact same situation as switzerland would be if it severed its bilaterally-negotiated deals with the eu . 
  switzerland has not severed its bilaterals though and the response from the eu is based on the bilaterals being in force . 
   in which case it would still be negotiating with the eu . 
  for norway to give free movement rights to nordic citizens it does not need to negotiate with anyone . 
  it could do this unilaterally if it wishes . 
   sure but if norway imposes movement and work restrictions on non-nordic eu citizens then the eu can and will respond . 
  what responses can it do ? 
   this is precisely the problem switzerland encountered when they had a referendum on restricting inward migration from the eu and the swiss government 's response was to shelve the entire referendum result because they had no way to carry it out without being unceremoniously dumped out of the single market and beaching the entire swiss economy . 
  switzerland is bound by the bilaterals with the eu . 
  in the scenario in which norway leaves the eea , it would not be bound . 
   you are clearly not , hence you crying about it . 
  my specific complaint is not disagreement , which i welcome . 
  it is downvoting in breach of rules of this sub . 
   if you are unfamiliar with the rules of reddit perhaps you 'd be more comfortable at stormfront ? 
  please retract any insinuation that i would be interested in far right subs . 
  otherwise i will be forced to complain to the moderators . 
  i have no words !!, 
   norway does not give out fom unilaterally to anybody . 
  it gives it to the eu because the eu has made that a core pillar for it 's citizens . 
  if you want to participate in this debate , it might be worth you reading my posts in the context in which they were written . 
  read the entire thread . 
  the hypothesis is norway leaving the eea . 
   obviously not possible as it discriminates against non-nordic european union citizens . 
  if norway were outside the eea it would not be bound by a eea law . 
   from my perspective as an academic , though , the uk is going to sustain quite a bit of damage in this domain specifically . 
  the extent to which the uk is successful in academia , is within the control of the uk and decisions made by the uk .
