  that term is designed to offend . 
  i do n't want to debate with people who want to insult . 
  there was a broad economic consensus that the very act of voting would cause the uk to enter into recession . 
  almost no experts said that six months after voting leave , ftse would be at record high , the uk would be growing strongly and unemployment would be falling . 
  i am afraid that economists made some serious mistakes in their predictions as has been acknowledged by the chief economist of the boe . 
  we know that single market membership is not sufficient for economic success - look at greece . 
  we also know that it is not necessary for success - look at singapore . 
  if anything polls in the uk have tended to underestimate right wing views and overestimate left wing views . 
  my expectation is that brexit and leaving the single market will make the uk more prosperous . 
  all polling evidence indicates that most people do not regret their vote and that if the referendum were held again , leave would win again . 
  the most recent polling on the single market ( the sky poll of weds ) indicates that a majority of brits want to leave the single market . 
  that is certainly my strong preference . 
  yes - on / r/unitedkingdom i got so many downvotes that my posting rights got reduced . 
  there is zero desire for discussion there . 
  on / r/ukpolitics there is a wider range of opinion and less hostility , but i still prefer here . 
  even if each does veto each other ( and i think that is unlikely , given the uk 's clear commitment not to try and gain an advantage ) my understanding is that each can trade on draft schedules . 
  i think the eu 's current schedules ( which include for example croatia ) have not been signed off by every wto member , but that does not stop the eu . 
  if the uk were wanting to increase tariffs , everything would be much more difficult . 
  this sub has always had higher quality discussions than / r/unitedkingdom and / r/ukpolitics . 
  there are just more people here who are prepared to discuss ideas and issues without resort to insult . 
  that is why i prefer it here . 
  having said that , posters here who argue in favour of brexit do tend to experience downvotes , being called racists and a hostile attitude at times . 
  fortunately the moderators here are supportive and most regular posters are polite and open to discussing ideas with people who have different views . 
  eu members can not block as a negotiation tactic , because the eu will also need a new schedule of commitments and the uk could block that as a negotiation tactic . 
  uk has already indicated that it is happy to start with its current share of eu commitments but move in a more open direction . 
  i do n't think the eu has confirmed its position . 
  both uk and eu will need new schedules of commitments for wto purposes upon brexit , both requiring consent . 
  uk 's membership of wto is not conditional on eu membership and is a member in its own right . 
  that video - made by open europe - got widely panned by andrew neil on the sunday politics . 
  hannan consistently said that while he preferred the norway model to the current uk model , he did not think the uk should try and get it . 
  if you think it is so easy to google , find a single serious leave campaigner arguing during the campaign that we should follow the norway model . 
  i would be interested to see it . 
  i disagree . 
  australia and new zealand do quick trade agreements because they have open cultures and believe in free trade . 
  like the uk . 
  the eu takes years . 
  outside the eu we can do trade agreements quicker . 
  i did not threaten you i simply asked you not to make posts which imply i am racist . 
  that is not a threat . 
  if you do n't want to talk about my own personality , do n't quote what i am writing and then imply there is some link between my own words and a preference for immigrants based on skin colour . 
  if you think what i have written is offensive , please contact the mods about it and report me . 
  i try and ensure that i never write offensive about people i am communicating with here , as that is against the rules of this sub and also not part of civilised debate . 
  which significant leave campaigner argued during the the referendum campaign that we should follow the norwegian model ? 
  uk is going to make new trade agreements . 
  eu is not only entity in the world capable of trade agreements . 
  you quoted a sentence that i had written and then immediately started saying that for brits the eu is too brown . 
  that is completely unacceptable . 
  i am not harassing you - i am simply asking you not to imply i am racist and to keep your comments within the rules of this sub . 
  that way we can all get along . 
  luckily , now we are going to leave the eu , we can start reducing tariffs on trade with the rest of the world . 
  this was one of the reasons i voted leave . 
  a lot of the debate was about the norway model . 
  that 's what a lot of people thought they were voting for . 
  during the referendum campaign there was not one significant leave campaigner arguing we should follow the norwegian model . 
  the one you are replying to has five upvotes at the time of writing ... 
  by financial services i am talking about legislation covering finance eg market abuse , capital requirements etc. 
  i want the uk to leave the single market . 
  it is not leaving the single market that naturally causes the introduction of tariffs - turkey is in the customs union but not in the single market . 
  the brexit campaign was not xenophobic . 
  i love europeans - i just do n't want the uk to be in the eu . 
  no - uk does not consider food security as important . 
  uk has not been food secure since 1760s . 
  even when hitler was blocading us we never really thought we should be food secure . 
  ironically we think we will be more food secure by just adopting world markets . 
  i will find you links to global food prices tomorrow . 
  which bit of my post do you disagree with ? 
  if you want tariffs going forwards , that is a shame but we will live with it . 
  i do n't recall which treaty , but single market legislation is part of the ordinary legislative process which means qualified majority voting which means uk can get outvoted . 
  there are currently no tariffs between the uk and the eu , so it is not a question of eliminating tariffs , but the eu wanting to add some . 
  uk did not have veto rights on eu financial services regulation . 
  outside the eu , the uk can control its own financial services regulation . 
  barclays were n't bailed out by the uk government . 
  i am not distorting what you wrote . 
  you quoted me and then implied that that quotation showed i preferred people based on skin colour . 
  you tried to distort what i wrote . 
  there was nothing in my post that was anything to do with skin colour . 
  i did n't attack you , but simply asked you to stop attacking me . 
  fortunately your attack has been deleted . 
  please make sure you never make any posts to me again implying that i am racist . 
  please choose your words carefully . 
  i see that the moderators have kindly deleted your post which suggested i was racist . 
  please try and respect the rules in future . 
  this sub is unsurprisingly extremely pro-eu . 
  i do n't try to shut up that opinion , but i wish that we could have that discussion without you implying people are racist . 
  just try and write posts without mentioning people 's skin colour - it is not relevant . 
  i actually quite like his comments and think there is some truth in them . 
  he is saying basically that brexit is not the end of the world and people are talking too much about it . 
  also , he seems quite amusing in a funny kind of way ... 
  yeah - it is going to be complex and interesting !, 
  i think in the uk ukip are falling , but we will see ... also , i think your fdp are not really like our lib dems , who are perhaps a bit more like your greens in ideology . 
  i would say that people that vote fdp in germany would vote conservative in the uk mainly ... 
  but i agree that we are both quite conservative countries !, 
  i think this one will be hard to agree because uk will want out of cap and to reduce tariffs on agricultural goods from the rest of the world and to regulate farms in a different way . 
   i would rather stop communicating with you that would be perfect . 
   because you are determined to misinterpret what i said . 
  you quoted a post from me and implied that it indicated a preference of nationalities based on skin colour . 
  that is completely unacceptable . 
  you need to stop doing this . 
   i already explained that it is a general comment about british attitudes and does not refer to you personally . 
  if you want to write a general comment implying that british people are racist ( as you seem to want to most days ) just make sure do n't do it in any post that implies that i am racist .
