  almost all eu regulation ( mifid , emir , mar , crr , cra etc etc ) applies to uk . 
  only banking union does n't apply . 
  in many areas uk regulation is more stringent ( e.g. 
  ring-fencing ) . 
  where is the `` half '' figure you mentioned ? 
   i do however already understand that it 's very unlikely you will ever see anything wrong in the british immigration system which is why i do n't think continuing this discussion is a worthwhile endeavour . 
  i do think there is something wrong with the uk immigration system . 
  i do want to change it . 
  currently the uk immigration system gives priority to unskilled people from the eu over unskilled people from outside the eu . 
  i want to change this . 
  however , are you arguing that the uk should have a higher level of immigration ? 
  what figure do you think it should be ? 
  ( iirc latest figures is net approx . 
  300,000 immigrants a year . ), 
   like that 35k income policy which threatened to deport half the nhs nurses ? 
  citation needed . 
   how 's that different from right now trucidator ? 
  currently the uk 's immigration policy is to prioritise unskilled people from the eu over skilled people from outside the eu . 
  once we leave the eu we would clearly change this . 
   we listened !, 
  but every time we tried to move our border closer to england to better fight them , you got very angry !, 
  got ta love belgium !, 
  reasons for its existence : - uk trolling france - uk having a buffer state against germany ... 
   but you would not at all understand that some foreigners leave the country precisely because of the immigration system . 
  case in point : i left the uk when i married my wife because it was not at all welcoming . 
  ( and i 'm not talking about the monetary requirements ) of course a few foreigners do n't like the uk 's immigration system or the uk 's weather or do n't like british people or something . 
  but each year the uk welcomes hundreds of thousands of foreigners , who stay in the uk . 
  there is no shortage of people wanting to get to the uk to enjoy the job prospects . 
  there are literally thousands of people in calais desperate to leave france and get to the uk . 
   now i realise why we do n't get along . 
  you do n't like lawyers ? 
  you sound quite closed minded . 
   what makes you think that all people will be welcomed ? 
  the fact that most british people are very open and globalist and the british economy depends on high immigration . 
  just like canada , australia and us , which are all not in the eu have very high immigration . 
  obviously , the uk will not have completely open borders , that would be insane . 
  but no country does that . 
   so then you must admit the likely outcome is a closed immigration system that would be economically harmful to the uk . 
  in what way would it harm the uk ? 
  are the us , australia and canada harmed by their immigration systems ?!, 
  why would the uk be . 
  their economies are doing well . 
  they welcome many many immigrants every year . 
  the uk would do that too !, 
   as to the xenophobic nature , your perception on this probably depends where you grew up . 
  i was born in a poor and deprived part of the country that is heavily eurosceptic , people do n't like foreigners here . 
  eusceptic does not mean not liking foreigners . 
  i am eusceptic and i love foreigners . 
  i vote ukip . 
  however , i am essentially basing my views on studies : [ every time attitudes to different people are studied , the uk always does well . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/05/15/a-fascinating-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-racially-tolerant-countries/ ) if you have any data that shows the uk to be more xenophobic than other countries , i would be interested to see it . 
   uhm ... the uk has already almost cart blanche on immigration matters by being out of schengen . 
  the point is that the uk inside the eu prioritises eu citizens over other citizens in terms of right to work in the uk . 
  once we leave the eu it will make sense to treat you all equally . 
   that 's why they made their own country . 
  with blackjack and hookers and weed . 
  but i guess that explains why for a country that has so many good things going for it , they 're still super fuckin petty against the ukrainians . 
  let 's face it , if there had been a referendum in france or the uk on the same terms , the result would have been the same as the one in the netherlands ... , 
   you really believe so trucidator ? 
  why would the uk public suddenly change their mind on immigration ? 
  why would we suddenly let in even more immigrants ? 
  the amount of immigrants would be decided using our parliament considering a range of factors , housing , infrastructure , needs of the economy , skills etc. 
  what people want is the uk to have control . 
   if we leave our immigration policy will be driven by the xenophobic attitude of it 's citizens , not what is actually best economically . 
  it will be driven by the democratic process . 
  people like you and me that think that the uk should have high immigration should not fear democracy . 
  we should be happy to make an argument and win it in our democratic structures . 
  also , i think your view of british people is profoundly depressing . 
  very few people in the uk are xenophobic , we are extremely open as a people , which is one of the reasons why so many people from overseas want to come here . 
   well , you see , when other people say `` reform '' they mean the exact opposite , things like direct election of an eu president , and giving power to elected institutions like the eu parliament , in order to make it a better functioning new country . 
  no thanks , most people do n't want that . 
  we should have referendums all over eu to confirm it . 
   well , as a german i. . . whatever . 
  the dutch hate you guys too !, 
  the dutch are triangulated between uk , france and germany . 
  must suck to be them , in the middle of europe 's triangle of hate , 
   it 's great that we can all travel around the eu freely and help each other out . 
  this spirit of international cooperation is heart warming . 
  yes , the uk , once it leaves the eu , will collaborate internationally with the entire world . 
   there 's no majority in favour of either joining or remaining outside in recent polling . 
  a vast majority of people want to continue negotiating so they can see what deal they get . 
  most people are backing pro-eu or neutral parties in the general election polls ( about 60 % of the electorate ) . 
  the moment it goes to a referendum though , the no side will win . 
   private debts - the ones impacted by the icesave scandal . 
  they wrote off billions and essentially crushed confidence in their private banking sector forever . 
  the ability to take out sovereign debts is different . 
  not forever . 
  money market investors have short memories . 
   they have their own currenc though which gives them flexibility . 
  and this is why they will never join the eu . 
  they want the flexibility of having their own currency . 
  in the end , the currency issue is why the uk will leave . 
  it does not make sense for countries that are never joining the single currency to be in the eu . 
   the people who organized the dutch referendum on the association treaty with ukraine are already working on organizing a referendum on the ttip . 
  some of them are also coming to the uk to help out with the brexit referendum . 
   their application is frozen at around 50 % completion and the vast majority of people wish for negotiations to continue . 
  the difference between pro-europeans and eurosceptics is within the margin or error with a large number of people undecided ( because they want to see the terms ) . 
  this is the major problem with the `` nobody wants to join the eu '' narrative - it is n't really true . 
  obviously some people want to join , but a majority appear not to want to join . 
  very sensible people , the icelanders ...  they defaulted on their debts , and failed to underwrite private debts as well .
