  i do n't think the uk would object to the eurozone doing this without the uk . 
  if anything , this could be good for the uk as it gives the uk more opportunities to renegotiate other things that the uk cares about . 
  the question with france is a bit more complex , but generally the french governments have been more keen on fiscal transfers than the german governments . 
  the french were the ones that wanted the euro and the french have , traditionally , believed more in the european `` grand projet '' than the germans have . 
  the main difficulty with france is that their economy is decoupling from the german economy and also they are increasingly voting for extremists ( more than germans are ) . 
  i think you might have a problem with the dutchies too , they are becoming some serious eusceptics !, 
  however , almost everyone in the eu now does what germany does . 
  that 's why everyone is looking at merkel and waiting . 
  and waiting . 
  and waiting . 
  and waiting . 
  how much longer ? 
  pope jp2 somehow managed to make poles feel very positive towards italy . 
  they are now up to 100 supporters , lol . 
   no taxation without representation . 
  there will be no transfer union unless the `` giving '' countries have a strong say on what is done with `` their '' money . 
  if you want the eurozone to be successul , you will be able to put in place a system for reprensentation whereby countries have a strong say on what is done with their money . 
  it just depends on whether or not you want it . 
  merkel could tomorrow say she is in favour of there being a full transfer union with full political union in the eurozone . 
  it is just a political barrier ( and i guess potentially a constitutional problem for the german courts ... ) . 
  obviously , there is no way in hell that brits will sign up to this kind of stuff !, 
  they are different . 
  for example the uk is not part of schengen , but is part of free movement of workers . 
  thus , the uk still maintains border controls ( [ hence calais situation ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/30/calais-mayor-blames-uk-approach-europe-migrants ) ) but does not control immigration policy in relation to other eu citizens . 
   as i said previously , new bills for the rest of the ez would solve all these problems , i 'd argue that the coins are neglectable ( even though there are a lot of them , but reissuing new coins would a bit over the top ) . 
  also , nobody hoards enormeous amounts of coins . 
  if the rest of the eurozone were really interested in helping greece , they would be guaranteeing all of greek debt and putting in place a transfer union . 
  greeks need gifts from germans , not loans . 
  this would be the actual solution to the crisis . 
  easing the process of breaking up currency union does not seem to me to be part of the script here , however sensible it might be . 
  people do things in relation to the eurozone for political reasons . 
  sense does not seem to have been relevant from the very start . 
  i agree that the rich will profit . 
  here in london we have the new trading desks ready and waiting . 
  schengen is simply about being able to cross borders without passports . 
  it is free movement of workers that allows people to live in other eu member states . 
  i think you are thinking about the latter rather than the former . 
  i agree with the other redditor who said that the issue of currency is different from the question of free movement , but there is also a potential for an acrimonious break up . 
   as little as possible ? 
  i 'm not sure what your point is here . 
  yes , lets start moving towards a political union immediately , you wo n't find any opposition from me . 
  i understand that you want to move towards a political union immediately . 
  however , as you know , many of the people that you want to be in a political union with do not want to be in a political union with you . 
  and they are the ones with the money . 
  how long are you going to wait for them to change their minds ? 
  the status quo is obviously very painful for greece and greeks . 
  how much longer are you prepared to see this pain continue ? 
   but just because that is n't happening right now , you 're not going to get me to say that the alternative is to start tearing up the eurozone right now . 
  it is rational to wait for a political union if you think it is realistic and you see evidence for it happening . 
  i just do n't see the evidence . 
  instead , i see plenty of evidence from the rest of the eurozone saying that greek austerity must continue and that the memorandum must be respected . 
  the steps towards a full transfer union are nowhere near . 
  there is a risk that if they do that then there is massive capital flight . 
  this would be very bad for the greek state . 
  the last thing greece needs if it is setting up a new currency is massive capital flight . 
  i think pulling greece out of the eurozone is not designed to benefit the eurozone , but designed to benefit greece and greek citizens . 
  it was a big mistake of the greek state to believe it was going to work . 
  in my mind the longer greece waits the worst it will get . 
  this is a tragedy unfolding in front of our eyes . 
  not only was this predictable , it was also predicted . 
   eu has always taken their time to implement the necessary steps , but in the end has mostly been successful . 
  i think it really depends on how you measure success . 
  obviously , the euro has been very successul for germany , which has had very strong growth and very low unemployment . 
  however , i do n't think we can really say that things have been successful for greece . 
   considering the pure economic might of the eurozone , they can delay that for a decade or more . 
  the problem is not so much the economic might of the eurozone , but the fact that there are huge imbalances within the eurozone . 
  there is no point in having a mighty currency in germany if germans do n't want to guarantee the debt of the greek state or transfer huge amounts of their wealth to greece . 
  i 'm not sure if they can delay things for a decade . 
  there are massive potential political problems , with extreme political parties gaining strength in many countries . 
  there is a risk that more of these gain power . 
  we 've already seen what happens when syriza gets voted in . 
   it 's not really fair , but politics has looked at the ecb to do what is necessary to save the eur . 
  and the ecb has done what was needed . 
  we need to wait and see before we can judge the success of the ecb 's actions . 
  qe has only just started . 
  so far it has not succeeded in its goals . 
   i think you will not get through with this . 
  this would be outlawed by the greek and european courts pretty quickly . 
  really ? 
  i think the greek courts would enforce new greek laws . 
  i 'm not sure how much attention a greece that has just left the eurozone is going to pay to the european courts . 
  i suspect not much . 
  if they are prepared to breach their treaty obligations to stay in the euro , i think they are also prepared to breach other aspects of european law too !, 
  growth is picking up in ireland . 
  but is it really picking up in greece at the moment ? 
  i know it was picking up before syriza , but it is still picking up ? 
  ireland and greece are totally different economies . 
   except for the part of greek loans issued under eg . 
  british law in london . 
  i have no idea if greece has issued obligations under foreign law , but i have the nagging suspicion that they have . 
  all greek international sovereign debt is governed by either greek law or english law , most of it greek law . 
  there is nothing that the greek government can do about the english law governed greek debt as there is no way that the uk parliament would change english law here . 
  also , the law of international debt in the uk is all `` common law '' , i.e. 
  developed by judges and the courts rather than parliament . 
  ( this is why greek debt governed by english law trades at a premium to greek debt governed by greek law . ), 
  the english courts would definitely judge that greece 's obligations in euros were due and payable . 
  however , that does not necessarily help the bondholders get paid - it is notoriously difficult to extract payment from an unwilling sovereign . 
  it might still make sense for greece to default on these debts and just ignore the london judgments that follow . 
   if they did , this will totally blow up - they ca n't unilaterally redenominate them , so they will have to default on them . 
  ask argentine how that went for them .
