  your system seems to outside the court system . 
  or did you want this to be part of the court system ? 
  ( if so , no need to have a statutory body . 
  just have a court ) . 
   the `` fully free press '' has no real justification bar its contribution to public debate through informing the public . 
  injecting lies into the public debate is clearly something that vitiates that justification . 
  rectifying that seems a worthwhile goal . 
  i think having a function of holding the government ( and others ) to account is its main function . 
  while injecting lies into public debate is not something i welcome , i do n't see it as a big problem . 
  i 'm not alware of instances in which it happens which cause harm on a significant scale . 
  i 've engaged with everything you have written . 
  i agree that debating tests ones own thinking ( in fact it mainly does this ) , but if there is another person involved in that debate , you might as well get two for the price of one in my book . 
   to be honest , it 's much more likely that hollande , of all people , will be able to sap her strength by stealing her thunder on those items . 
  with his war drums rhetoric and his new though policy on security as it relates to immigration , he 's leaving her without much in the way of arguments . 
  he wants to bomb isis and get though new rules on border checks : that 's 90 % of what le pen 's voters really want now . 
  i think the hollande bounce will be temporary . 
  i just can not conceive of him making the second tour . 
  i still think it will be a le pen v sarko final , with sarko winning . 
   and there goes most of the support she could have gotten in the way of the paris attacks . 
  so far there has n't been any polling in france since the paris attacks . 
  personally i do n't agree that this news item will change much in the way of polling . 
  if anything , i think she tends to be seen as a credible media performer . 
  the people that think she is a crazy far right candidate that ca n't be trusted were already not voting for her . 
   i do n't have a problem with whether any particular substantive point is dealt with in an immediate post or later - it 's not a race , after all !, 
  personally when i make points i want them to be noticed . 
  if you make points in edits they might not be noticed , that 's all . 
  i do n't see the point of making points if they will be missed . 
   which , as i said , would ideally involve a jury decision i missed this in your earlier post because you editted it in after posting . 
  i 'm still not comfortable about a jury making decisions about the truth of what newpapers say . 
  out of interest is there any country in the world which has such a system ? 
  there would in my mind still be various problems : there is a question over what to do about newspapers operating online and in a cross-jurisdictional way effectively operating outside the same rules , there is a problem with who decides which cases should be tried , there is a problem with whether the decisions of the juries could be appealed , there is the problem of newspapers changing their behaviour and being less inclined to aggressively attack before they are certain about the truth , there is the problem about having to imprison media people who do not comply . 
  these problems vastly outweigh in my mind the benefits of a fully free press . 
   it would be nice to think that it takes more time than that minute to think about what i actually wrote , and the lack of it does rather lends itself to my impression that that does n't happen . 
  here is another substantive edit , not marked as so , which i might have missed . 
  it is n't really about the time that it takes to think about what you wrote . 
  it is more the case that i respond to the first thing you write ( and this does take more than a minute ) and then wo n't necessarily realise that you then write something different . 
   at no point do i edit after seeing your replies , if that 's your concern . 
  i do n't mind much , but i do notice you adding some substantive new points as edits , e.g. 
  i noticed your point about newspapers already self-correcting was added in this way . 
  it just means that there is a risk that i might not see these substantive new points . 
  if it is just tidying up i do n't care . 
   not a `` body established by government '' but a `` body established by statute '' . 
  there is a meaningful difference . 
  your version implies that it 's the government who will have the final say on what is true , but only because you apparently can not conceive of an independent body being independent . 
  the statute setting out the responsibilities and duties of the body will be a statute enacted by legislature . 
  you 've not said whether the new `` truth rules '' that newspapers will have to comply with would be within that same statute or under regulation created by the body . 
  you 've also not said who would run it : presumably governments would appoint this person ? 
  in any case `` indepependence '' when it comes to the media is not a notion i find convincing . 
  we all have our positons , our biases , our opinions , our beliefs . 
  i 'm not convinced that a statutory body regulating the press , however indpendent we might want it to be , would really be independent of such biases and opinions . 
  there is a massive risk that they would regulate in line with their preferences . 
  there is also a risk that the media would be disincentivised from aggressive journalism attacking politicians and regulators , which i believe is fundamental to a functioning democracy . 
   why not wait slightly longer ... ? 
  nothing in my edits changes my points . 
  from when you post your post i have no way of knowing whether or not it is finished or whether you are going to edit it or how long it is going to take you . 
  it is easier for you to do your edits before you post ( or , worst case scenario ) set out clearly what the edit is . 
   we already have a system which imprisons people if they do n't pay fines , making this a deliberate misrepresentation of my position in emotive terms . 
  you want a system which imprisons people if they do n't pay fines administered by a body established by government to check the truth of what papers write . 
  i only want a system which imprisons people if they do n't pay fines administered by a court adjudicating on whether there has been defamation etc. 
  there is quite a difference . 
  please stop editing your posts after i have responded to them , or , as suggested by rediquet , explain the edit . 
  it does make response more difficult . 
   please stop responding to me if you 're not going to deal with what i actually post . 
  we 've now had a several post conversation which consists primarily of you arguing against your own straw man , and me trying to prevent that . 
  i 've dealt exactly with what you have posted . 
  these are not strawmen . 
  i am dealing with your positions . 
  you want a system which imprisons the press if they do n't pay fines . 
  i do n't . 
   it 's perfectly normal to imprison people for not paying fines . 
  and in some senses it 's hard to imagine a worse non-violent crime than feeding lies into public debate . 
  the definition of lies when it comes to the media is hugely contentious though . 
  we already have defamation legislation , which newspapers are subject to . 
  thus these types of lies must be something above and beyond that . 
   it only becomes orwellian if you let the government say what constitutes truth . 
  i have tried to explain to you how one avoids this , but you 've kept clinging to your original limit of two options - market or government - and since what i 'm proposing is n't the former , it must be the latter . 
  it is either the government or instead a quango that is established by government , operating under government made legislation , paid for by taxes extracted by the government , and run by people appointed by the government . 
  no , i do n't like that either . 
   impressive if it were n't more probably the result of limitations rather than cunning . 
  attacks on other users are against community rules . 
  please stop doing this . 
   that 's not what `` answerable '' means in a political context . 
  a duty to keep politicians informed of what you 've done is different from those politicians holding power over you . 
  you are also appointed by politicians and can be fired by politicians depending on how well you achieve your mandate . 
  it is effectively an organ of government . 
   oh , please , enough hysteria about the straw man you 've created . 
  i 'm arguing for something , you 're getting all `` muh liberty '' about something else which you came up with . 
  not much point my responding if you wo n't even understand what i 'm actually saying and argue with that rather than what 's in your own head . 
  this is not a strawman . 
  there are already newspaper editors in the uk who have gone on record saying that they will refuse to comply with any government established regulator and will go to prison if they have to . 
  this is already part of the debate . 
  fining newspapers for writing lies and imprisoning people that do n't pay fines is the system that you are advocating . 
  it is pretty bleak . 
   of your straw men . 
  it 's actually `` threat of fines '' resulting from a refusal to accept a ruling . 
  imprisonment only becomes an issue if people are refusing to pay lawfully levied fines . 
  given that imprisonment follows on from not paying fines , the two are connected . 
  i 'm not happy about imprisoning owners of media organisations , simply for printing a lie and then not paying a fine . 
  it is orwellian . 
   i was chatting to a cabbie once about how drunk people ruin entire days of productivity because they 'd puke and he 'd have to spend money and time getting it cleaned properly .
