  across almost the whole of britain , guy fawkes celebrations have lost any sectarian or anti-catholic imagery or influence : the lewes tradition is just a weird historical hang-over from a different age . 
  catholics across enlgand and wales ( apart from lewes ) have therefore for a long time celebrated guy fawkes in the same way as protestants . 
  sectarianism in england and wales hardly exists any more : even the last bastion of it in the liverpool v everton rivalry is now more or less gone . 
  even in glasgow , it seems that sectarianism is on the decline . 
  catholics in england and wales are politically and culturally almost interchangeable from non-catholics and in this context it is very hard for catholics to even summon up the energy to be annoyed by the lewes goings on . 
  i think we regard it as a bit of a curiosity . 
   also , imagine if the target where any other faith , say judaism or islam . 
  the whole of the media would go into meltdown . 
  the guardian 's comment is free pages would light up like a christmas tree . 
  the police would be called . 
  politians would make statements . 
  all minorities are equal . 
  but some are more equal than others . 
  the article explains that his divorce had not been finalised ... 
   and it 's working according to the polls ( purple ) and the eu elections . 
  out of interest , how accurate are opinion polls in spain generally ? 
  when is the next real electoral test that podemos will face ? 
  are there any local or regional elections coming up , for example ? 
  the polls indicate that sentiment has changed dramatically since the eu elections ( and the success of podemos was extremely surprising in that election , to outside observers ) . 
   the only countries that are done right are ireland , the uk and spain . 
  traditionally the uk has always coloured herself red or pink on maps , so i am always a bit surprised when they use a different colour ... 
   so out of all the life partners you 've ever had , you 've never formed an interpersonal relationship with any of their parents and none of their parents were sad to see you go when your relationship with them ended ? 
  i 've no idea why this question is relevant . 
  marriage is not for just any interpersonal relationships . 
  it is for a specific kind of interpersonal relationships . 
  this is n't just the case in the uk . 
  it is the case all over the world . 
   the uk seems to me relatively xenophobic . 
  this is irrelevant because sham marriage legislation is entirely unrelated to xenophobia . 
  [ also , a whole range of studies have indicated that the uk is less xenopobic than italy . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2013/05/15/a-fascinating-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-racially-tolerant-countries/ )  i honestly see this as no different from marrying a long-term cohabitant for tax purposes if you think that marrying someone you are in a relationship with is the same as marrying someone you are not in a relationship with , then you have probably not understood the reason why societies have any marriage legislation . 
   you 're aware that italy and the uk have different legal systems ? 
  that 's presumably why he finished what he wrote with a question mark . 
  it surprise me somewhat if italy did not have any rules on sham marriages whatsoever . 
  the uk position would , i expect , be the more common position . 
   unlike other countries french politics fears its own people more than anything else . 
  this sentiment in my mind is ultimately a good thing . 
  after all , politicians are there to serve the people , rather than the other way round . 
  however , ideally the power of the people and the will of the people should be expressed in the voting booth , rather than through vandalism ... 
   i thought the actual bail out package was a multilateral one but with the uk being a larger part than we normally would have been . 
  [ from a technical , legal perspective ( which i know is boring but is how i look at things ... ) the uk 's loan to ireland is bilateral in that there are only two parties to it . ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/220641/int_loan_to_ireland_amendment_041012.pdf ) . 
  as you say , the uk-ireland bilateral loan formed part of a wider rescue package , that involved numerous other parties , including the eu ( via the efsm ) and the imf and the fact of the uk-ireland bilateral loan impacted the terms of ireland 's rescue package generally . 
  at the time of the uk-ireland loan , the uk was not obliged to participate in the eu loan and was not part of the efsm mechanism ( and there was no appetite for the uk to be part of it , knowing that it would involve loans to greece and portugal ) , so there was n't really a correct share of loan from the uk . 
   britain more or less offered ireland a sizeable low rate loan immediately . 
  i do n't think it was taken up ( obviously ireland does n't want to be in the position of being massively indebted to britain ) but the mere offer alters the playing field . 
  i think that ireland did take up the uk 's offer ( which was on better terms than the eu loan and the imf loan ) and this reduced the amount that ireland was required to borrow from the eu and the imf . 
  i think ireland did n't actually mind being massively indebted to the uk that much . 
  interestingly , in the scotland independence debate , the `` yes '' campaign used the ireland loan as an example of why the ruk would bail out iscotland / iscotland 's banks if need be and there was probably some truth to that argument . 
   you could make the argument that we had an easier decision to make because the irish really are n't in a bad shape overall . 
  i agree , the uk loan to ireland did not represent a massive risk to the uk . 
  also , given the greater interconnectivity between the uk 's and ireland 's financial systems ( compared to interconnectivity between uk and a greece or a portugal ) , ensuring the financial stability of ireland was very much in the uk 's interests . 
  agreed , that is the theory . 
   if the banking union was in place at the time , i presume they 'd have just had orderly restructuring in the banking sector without incurring any excessive debt , and a significant recession , but nothing more . 
  banking union is not designed for the debts of the irish financial sector in 2008 and irish banks under banking union will not ( i understand ) be able to be so over-geared and under-capitalised as they were in 2008 exactly because of this ... 
  however , i agree , if banking union works as it should , the irish government would not need to stand behind the debts of its financial sector and would allow an orderly restructing ( i.e. 
  burn some of the bondholders ... ! ), 
  and so forth . 
  i 'm not sure whether or not you know what `` unit labour cost '' means , but if not , that might be the first place to start . 
  [ this is the oecd explanation ] ( http://stats.oecd.org/glossary/detail.asp?id=2809 ) . 
  it is a way of describing the efficiency of the workforce in an economy or how much you need to pay in labour costs to achieve a given level of production . 
  relative unit labour costs have been something that economists analysing the eurozone have focused on . 
  prior to the financial crisis , unit labour costs in ireland increased massively compared to germany , though since then ireland has had what economists call an internal devaluation , bringing it much closer to germany . 
  in some other parts of the eurozone , unit labour costs remain massively high compared to germany ( italy in particular ) and this harms their exports . 
  if these parts of the eurozone were to leave the euro , their new currency would depreciate relative to the euro . 
  ireland is n't really in this position any more . 
   an amazing achievement considering the problems caused by the financial meltdown and banks collapse . 
  the irish government has done a phenomenal job . 
  as i 've mentioned before on here , we should n't really be surprised by this recovery from ireland . 
  - the reasons for the irish financial crisis were different from the reasons for the greek and portuguese financial crises ( though the symptoms were similar ) . 
  - ireland unit labour costs are competitive with germany 's and the euro is therefore not overvalued vis-a-vis ireland . 
  ireland does not therefore find it difficult to export . 
  ireland does not need any currency devalutation ( other than , perhaps to reduce debt ... ) - the irish have not really protested against austerity . 
  it has been politically very easy to implement austerity in ireland compared to elsewhere in the eurozone . 
  - the skills of the irish workforce are excellent and the irish services sector is extremely good . 
  this ( and of course the english language ) means that ireland 's economy is well-placed to benefit from the uk and usa recoveries . 
  - ireland 's workforce ( english language and high education ) found it far easier to move to the uk , australia , canada etc and find skilled work compared to some of the rest of the eurozone . 
  interestingly , irish people i know in london are now thinking about moving back . 
  - ireland has outstanding corporate tax rates , legal system and so forth . 
   it was n't founded as a continent but the eu was founded . 
  i do n't think he was talking about the eu though , as he goes on to say that we are 50 countries . 
  he surely means the continent of europe . 
  this is r/europe , not r/europeanunion . 
  out of interest , does the sentence `` l\u2019europe est fond\u00e9e sur le multilinguisme ! '', 
  make sense in french ? 
  i see you write it a lot . 
  in english , the expression `` europe is founded on multilingualism ! '', 
  does n't really make sense . 
  it would make more sense simply to write : `` europe has many languages '' or `` europe is multi-lingual '' . 
  europe as continent was never really `` founded '' in any meaningful way . 
   i think you are putting to much importance into those words , juncker had to say something at that point , but i do n't think they mean what you think they mean nor do i actually think that junker even if he 's honest about it has the power to pull any such changes through the pe or the council . 
  the political situation has changed in the uk and the reu since juncker said those words : the political and economic situation will develop further in unforseeable ways over the coming couple of years . 
  so i think all bets are off in terms of negotiations . 
   if by that you mean a deal where the uk gets an exemption from free movement while still being in the single market than i think that is less than unlikely , it 's basically an political impossibility . 
  in my mind it is n't even desirable and i would vote against it in any referendum . 
   there 's a plan here , even if we ca n't really tell . 
  in my mind the main part of the plan is simply to win the general election next year . 
  [ as the uk economic recovery continues , the opinion polls make this seem more likely , though this will be the oddest uk general election since the war . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_united_kingdom_general_election ) . 
  the key constituency to win the general election for cameron are people like me , who voted conservative in 2010 but have defected to ukip because the conservatives were being too wet on europe . 
  if cameron does enough strongly eusceptic things between now and next may , people like me might vote for him . 
  if he wins the general election , the plan is obviously to begin a gigantic bruising and exhausting game of negotiation between the uk and the reu and then for a referendum to take place .
