  we have more in common with the u.s. and unlike most of europe they do n't resent us . 
  the u.k. and france are n't weak anyway . 
  we have good militaries , nuclear and global soft power . 
  bulgarians are n't stupid . 
  if brits , swedes , norwegians and icelandics can create a currency that works , so can bulgarians . 
  being in an incomplete monetary union will be far more harmful for bulgaria than the minor risks from trade with different currencies . 
  it is profoundly sad that you trust foreign institutions more than your own national democracy . 
  i do n't want the uk to have influence over germany and france and other european countries . 
  i am happy for those countries to make decisions on the basis of their own national democracies . 
  i have no idea why some people crave relevance . 
  this is not a desire of mine . 
  it is essential that the uk leaves the eu as soon as possible for the sake of our national democracy . 
  keeping control of monetary policy is not `` muh sovereignty '' . 
  it is basic economics 101 , that you should n't join a currency union if you are not aligned perfectly with the other parts of that union and there are insufficient fiscal transfer mechanisms . 
  a peg is easy to break , unlike a currency union . 
  the advantages are being able to have a monetary policy more suited to your circumstances . 
  having different currencies is not a barrier to international trade . 
  yes , having an unwritten constitution that evolves organically seems to me to have some advantages ... 
  currently it is nowhere near being finalized . 
  obviously it makes sense to put in place the common structures , like fiscal union and eurobonds first , before putting in place the single currency . 
  bulgaria should wait and see if the eurozone gets finalized before joining . 
  when i read about this i am glad that the uk does not have a constitutional court or politician judiciary . 
  wanting to keep control of your own monetary and fiscal policy and not give those things to brussels is sensible !, 
  very sensible people , bulgarians . 
  it is a very special thing !, 
  i am entirely happy for anyone to say `` anyone who practices christianity is an abomination '' or whatever . 
  the idea that such a thing should be criminalised is very illiberal . 
  i do n't like the state criminalizing the voicing of opinions . 
  perhaps you do like this ? 
  even if we choose not to control certain of our actions and do not believe we should control them , there is still a meaningful distinction between the action and the inclination . 
   oh so the distinction is more meaningful when it matches your views ? 
  no , i am just talking about how language is used . 
  is english your first language ? 
  as it happens i am not religious . 
  generally when we say someone is religious , we are saying someone `` does '' something . 
  whereas when we say someone is gay , we are saying someone has an inclination . 
  however , of course , in every circumstance we must as humans recognize that we are able to control our actions . 
  any suggestion that we can not control whether or not we have sex is absurd . 
  our entire legislation around rape for example is based on our belief that people can choose not to have sex . 
  even if i decide to drink coffee this morning , this does not mean that the action and the inclination are the same . 
  there is a meaningful distinction between them . 
  i can not control my inclinations . 
  i can control my actions . 
  whether or not i believe i should control them and whether or not i do in fact control them is irrelevant to whether or not i can control them . 
  in the case of religion , anything like praying or going to church is something that can of course be controlled , whereas the inclination to do those things ca n't . 
  it is meaningful to make the distinction between the inclination to religious activity and the participation in religious activity . 
  however , when we talk about a religious person , we generally mean someone who participates actively in religion . 
  when we talk about homosexuals ( or any other sexuality ) we generally mean the inclination rather than the action . 
  your expanation seems to think actions are not separate if the person doing the actions does n't think they are wrong . 
  this is clearly mistaken . 
  for example , this morning i have an inclination to drink coffee . 
  i also do n't think there is anything wrong with coffee . 
  however , i have a clear choice whether or not i decide to drink coffee . 
  i am capable of abstaining from it . 
  a person still has an inclination towards sex even if a person does not have sex . 
  the inclination and the action are not the same thing . 
  the inclination is inherent . 
  the action is a choice . 
  i really appreciate this gesture . 
  it is up there with the belgians and the last post ceremony at menin gate . 
  it means so much to brits . 
   for instance a user here called / u/trucidator ( i think that 's the spelling ) is a proud eurosceptic ( whilst i have almost unwavering support for the european project ) . 
  that is too kind , thanks very much and merry christmas !!, 
   british people have been force fed `` the evil eu '' narrative for a better part of a decade now . 
  there is no doubt eu has many flaws and needs a lot of fixing , yet i 'm sure the brexit issue would n't be as big as it is today , had it not been for the constant scapegoating by her majesty 's government . 
  i disagree . 
  the brits were never very willing participants in the eu project . 
  euscepticism in the uk is real and genuine and a grass-roots movement . 
  the attitude of the british government towards the eu reflects the will of the people rather than being a cause of the attitude of the people . 
   yea except for the fact that people like you who lie and misinform about what the eu actually is/does . 
  either source that lie or kindly retract that comment . 
   he forced himself into it by his pathetic and desperate begging for ukip votes during the last week of the last election . 
  a referendum is a good thing , not a bad thing . 
  british people want a referendum . 
  this is n't pathetic , this is good politics . 
   ok so what about homosexual person that does n't think that having sex is wrong , and has homosexual sex . 
  good luck in separating his sinful actions from him . 
  what about that person ? 
  what about the heterosexual person that has sex outside marriage and does not believe that such sex is wrong ? 
  it is a common position of many religions that such acts are wrong . 
  do we really want to criminalise those religions ? 
  it seems extremely illiberal to me . 
   if i were a public figure and say `` judaism is an abomination '' in front of a big audience , do you expect it to have no consequence ? 
  there is a difference between consequences and criminalisation . 
  of course there should be consequences . 
  that is different from thinking that the action should be criminalised . 
   and what makes this distinction meaningful ? 
  that would be like not being against religious people but just the act of praying , going to church , and reading the bible . 
  you see a complete separation of who they are , and what they do . 
  the distinction might not be a meaningful one to me or you , but as a matter of intellectual honesty we can separate actions from inclinations . 
  we are happy to do this with pedophiles after all . 
  what we criticise is the action rather than the inclination . 
  pedophiles can not help their inclination after all . 
   buying a prada shoes instead of adidas or a ferrari instead of a bmw is lowering your living standards ? 
  if italy had its own currency , that currency would devalue and of course i would buy prada and ferrari . 
  but italy is now too expensive relatively . 
  buying italian is pointless now . 
   but just saying something is shit , is absolutely not needed . 
  this of itself is not a reason to criminalise it . 
   there 's no homosexuality separated from homosexuals .
