   our constitution are absorbed eu law and it ca n't unchange that without constitutional referendum eu law is silent on this point . 
  eu law does not say anything at all about whether ireland decides to let third country nationals work there . 
   we 're not giving access to uk workers because the irish government has already stated we re not following the uk out of the eu . 
  get over it . 
  that is not the same thing . 
  whether or not ireland decides to let british workers work there remains an open question . 
  your government it seems has said nothing about it . 
   wroc\u0142aw : uber has problems competing with local taxi corporations - at least one developed their own app and provides similar quality and convenience for less money . 
  this is an excellent outcome . 
  failing businesses copying innovation . 
   do you really expect each individual eu member to give uk workers free access to their labour market after blocking off your own ? 
  no , i do n't expect each individual eu member state will do this . 
  however , the question over whether or not ireland does this is a different question . 
  until i have seen any statement from your government on this , it remains an open question . 
   it 's bad enough that you dictate that your border security will move to irish ports , show me the irish consent to that ? 
  this is a question for the irish government . 
  if your government does not want it , then it wo n't happen . 
  if the irish people do n't want it , they can vote in a different government . 
  we only just got plastic notes and they look weird ... 
  i guess we will get used to them, 
   we are not giving uk citizens unrestricted access to our eu market . 
  has your government made any statement about this ? 
  i have not seen anything about this . 
   ireland needs the eu to agree to any agreement we make with the uk . 
  actually , the eu only has competence in relation to certain kinds of agreement . 
  passport free travel between ireland and the uk is not an eu competence . 
   you repeatedly ignore our laws which are eu laws in our constitution . 
  we are not a part of the uk anymore ? 
  ok , got that now ? 
  there are no eu laws which stop ireland giving uk nationals the right to work in ireland . 
  eu law is not relevant here . 
  this is nothing to do with the eu . 
  it is simply a question of irish law . 
  ireland has no commitments to the eu in this regard . 
   successive eu treaties into our constitution . 
  after the uk leaves irish laws will be brought into line with the constitution . 
  there is no eu law which is relevant here . 
  eu law does not say anything at all about whether member states allow nationals to work in their countries . 
  eu law is completely irrelevant here . 
  it is totally up to the irish government . 
   you seem to have a hard accepting that the republic is a member of the eu . 
  this is not relevant to the question of whether or not ireland decides to let british people work in ireland . 
  eu law is not relevant here . 
  it is just a question of irish law and the decision of the irish government . 
   most voters in the uk did n't give two shits about peace in ireland where they voted to leave . 
  i voted leave and i did give two shits about this . 
  but , i do n't think there is any reasonable likelihood that passports will be required when crossing the border . 
  given that this is a shared wish of the irish government and the uk government and the irish people and the british people i think we will easily work out a solution . 
   our eu commitments take precedent eu law does not have any stance on whether or not ireland lets uk workers work in ireland . 
  it is nothing whatsoever to do with the eu . 
  it is a question for the irish government and irish democracy . 
   you ca n't dictate access to our eu labour market . 
  no , the uk is not dictating it . 
  nor can the eu dictate it , because the eu has no competence here . 
  it is a question for the irish government . 
   constitutional law takes precedent . 
  the rest is non binding , even the cta is non binding . 
  it 's just a load of working arrangements cobbled together by civil servants of nations that were n't talking to eachother . 
  do you seriously think the republic or ireland would go the polls to change their constitution to rule themselves out of the eu just for the uk sakes ? 
  the irish constitution does not prohibit ireland from allowing british nationals to work in ireland . 
   but that would require nin , no ? 
  ca n't you stop them on that stage ? 
  yes , this is the stage at which they are stopped . 
   irish law is the constitution , the rest is commentary . 
  you 'd actually have to have a constitution referendum that would create a special status for brits . 
  no , you would n't need this under irish law . 
  brits already have a special status under irish law . 
  the eu treaties do not stop ireland from giving the right to work in ireland to nationals of a third country . 
  this is a question for irish law . 
  the uk was right to opt out of banking union . 
  the ecb is not a credible regulator . 
  uber is the future and is the best way of delivering for the consumer . 
  as far as i know the uk government is pretty much accepting this ( which is my strongly preferred position . 
  the taxi lobby is not a very strong one in the uk . 
  ireland and uk co-ordinate which nationals they both require a visa for . 
  both ireland and uk agree that turkish nationals should not enter the cta without a visa . 
  ireland and uk share information on security threat . 
  if uk intelligence find out that someone who is a security risk intends to travel to the uk , they will give that information to ireland so that ireland can stop relevant person at the borders if need be . 
   we 're in the eu , which part of this do you not understand ? 
  eu law does not extend to the rights that a member state has to allow nationals of another member state to work there . 
  this is a question for irish law . 
   it 's not a matter for the irish government to decide who gets to work in the eu no , that is not the case . 
  this is a competence of member states . 
   grand . 
  we wo n't be stopping anyone from crossing the border . 
  ireland already stops people just entering ireland without a visa and stops people that are threats to security enter ireland . 
  this is going to continue because it is in irish interests . 
  edit - typo . 
   but you 'll be outside the eu job market has your government made any statement about this ? 
  the extent to which ireland gives nationals of third countries the right to work in ireland is a question of irish law . 
  the eu does not have competence here . 
  it is up to your own government . 
   we wo n't be doing your policing for you , that would make us a target for the enemies you 've created . 
  uk and ireland already do policing of borders for each other . 
  if the uk and ireland want to have open borders between them , it is imperative that both of them share policing of their external borders . 
  this will continue in the same way that it currently works . 
   nah , anyone an a valid eu document can come and continue up to northern ireland if they want , we wo n't stop them . 
  the uk is not planning on stopping people with valid eu documents enter the uk . 
  obviously , most of them will come via heathrow or the eurostar . 
   but there are 26 countries that might be concerned by migrants using irish border as backdoor into the eu .
