  obviously , the uk is never again going to be what it was in the 19th century - but i think most brits would rather be happy as an independent middle-ranking power , than unhappy in a federal eu with delusions of super-power ranking . 
  however , i do n't think the uk will be quite like a singapore , as long as we retain things like a large military , nuclear , unsc permanent membership , g8 and a large financial centre . 
  also - the uk is still good at cultural exports and soft-power in a way that singapore will never be . 
   but perhaps you could team up with the anglosphere instead . 
  a lot of eusceptics in the uk are atlanticist / anglosphericists and i have some sympathy with this position . 
  personally i think the uk should try and take a via media between old and new europe and also the anglosphere / the developing world . 
  it is odd that the uk has tied itself to europe , when a lot of europeans seem to hate us !, 
  there 's the rest of the world out there !, 
   denmark only joined the eu because the uk did ( the bacon export ! ) . 
  hopefully when we leave you will still be happy to sell us bacon !, 
   it 'd be interesting to see what denmark would do in such a situation where the uk leaves the eu . 
  it 'd probably stay , but not if the eu turned much more anti-free trade . 
  it 's hard to know , because the eu will not be quite the same entity without the uk in it . 
  the eu will change as a consequence of a brexit . 
  arguably ( and ironically ) , a brexit will make the eu become much more open and flexible ( and thus much more what the uk wants it to be ) in an effort to ensure that no other states want to leave and in the face of an increasingly sceptical electorate . 
  alternatively , the push for a federal europe might go full speed ahead with the removal of the only significant obstacle . 
  most of the danes posting on r/europe seem to be very pro euro , pro federal europe and somewhat uksceptic . 
  it seems that the danish reditors here do n't reflect closely the danish voting public . 
  you seem to be somewhat more sceptical . 
  based on my own dealings with singapore , it is in some respects already doing much better than hong kong . 
  singapore arguably has better long-term political prospects than hong kong does . 
  singaporeans seem to be more efficient at doing business than their chinese rivals . 
  but maybe others have different views . 
  hong kong has english language and legal system , an independent judiciary , decades of being seen as a centre for trade and finance , perceived low levels of corruption , a high concentration of professionals , a well-established stock exchange etc. 
  shanghai does n't really have these things yet . 
  it might get them , but it is n't currently very close . 
   whataboutism . 
  silly attempt to switch the topic from uk-es relations to es-pt . 
  really ? 
  is n't the olivenza situation a direct parallel with gibraltar ? 
  it is intellectually consistent to apply the same set of principles to very similar situations . 
   some parties in efdd are not as mainstream as ukip . 
  ukip are now mainstream ?!, 
  this is going to annoy them ...  if anything , you should blame farage for forming a group with quite questionable people . 
  i kind of agree , i think it might have been more intellectually coherent for ukip to stay non-inscrits . 
  ukip does not really have many ( any ? ), 
  natural ideological bedfellows in the eu parliament after all . 
  most of the eurosceptic right ( e.g. 
  ecr ) wants to stay in the eu but change it . 
  even most of the parties in le pen 's planned grouping are n't explicity in favour of leaving the eu quite to the extent that ukip are . 
  of the extreme right parties ( jobbick , golden dawn , german npd ) , i think they might be in favour of leaving the eu , but they come from very different political traditions from ukip , which is essentially a glorified and successful pressure group . 
   because he 's french i think he is a she . 
   but the `` debtor '' countries have already made huge concessions , sometimes even against their own constitutions . 
  i agree with you , they have made huge concessions . 
  ultimately the concessions made by the debtor countries have been far greater . 
  however , they really have not had a choice . 
   i do n't think the technical/institutional issues are less of a problem for either side . 
  the creditor countries , by being in credit can call the shots here . 
  maybe i am wrong and we will start to see a change in approach from the creditor countries , but merkel being in power in germany it does n't look like it will come soon . 
   well , first of all , it is from 2009 this is n't something wrong with the article . 
   but more to the point olivenza ( that 's the official name of the place ) this is the castillian name , not the portuguese name . 
   is n't a notorious tax haven and smuggling hotspot , and does not have more registered companies than inhabitants . 
  this is n't , ultimately , relevant in terms of sovereignty and the self-determination of people though . 
  in terms of the historical background for the existence of olivenza , the parallel with gibraltar is close . 
   this said , what is most wrong with the article is the slapworthy , grinning mug of daniel `` the nhs kills people '' hannan mep . 
  incidentally , gibraltarians should perhaps remember that they are represented at the european parliament thanks to the european court of human rights ... you know , the one from which hannan would like britain to withdraw from . 
  none of this is to do with the article , is it ? 
   i do n't understand how all these big countries ( italy , spain , france and so on ) can not find a way to cooperate , stand their ground , and force some concessions out of the austerity-minded countries . 
  because any serious concessions require treaty change and the consent of all member states . 
  and the electorates of the netherlands , germany , finland etc do not seem minded to to make any concessions . 
   so why would you vote to leave the eu ? 
  what areas besides the city do you expect the uk to get powers back , which will be so significant that a brexit will be worth it ? 
  sovereignty . 
  ultimate control over uk legislation . 
  certainty that the uk would not become part of a united states of europe . 
  ability for the uk to control its own borders . 
  ability for the uk to set independent policy in relation to agriculture . 
  ability for the uk to produce its own human rights legislation . 
  ability for the uk to refocus diplomatic and trade relationships with the rest of the world . 
   i 'd say it should be both , but i 'm sure its much easier for politicians in both countries to stubbornly blame the other country than to actually resolve the issue . 
  politicians in the uk are not blaming france . 
  politicians in france are not blaming the uk . 
  this is not a question of blame . 
  also , there is n't really a reason why it is the uk 's responsibility much more than it is the usa 's responsibility . 
  i am sure these migrants would be just as happy to go to the usa as the uk . 
   besides , the migrants are not citizens of either country , so why should the politicians care about people who are n't french/british ? 
  because the refugees are currently on french territory and france therefore has obligations ( under international law to those refugees ) and also a more direct moral responsibity ( in my view ) . 
   could you specify why ? 
  is this all about the city or are there other things where you want opt-outs ? 
  different people in the uk want different things . 
  personally i would vote to leave the eu and i am not really interested in the uk trying to gain further opt-outs . 
  the city is simply one factor among many others . 
  the reason it is all up for debate in because a brexit is something that will cause the biggest existential crisis in the eu project to date . 
  neither the uk nor reu will be able to stay the same . 
  thus it is somewhat hard to predict how each would respond . 
   what do you base that on ? 
  the fact that the uk has not got its way on bankers bonuses , short-selling and financial transactions tax . 
  this shows that the uk has not succeeded influencing these areas . 
   the uk at the moment has veto powers , it has a seat at every council meeting , it has meps , who also have seats in the various committees , it has influence on the appointment of the leadership in the eu , it has an eu commissioner , and it can create alliances with other eu countries to further its own position . 
  none of that applies if the uk leaves the eu . 
  the uk does not have a veto on most matters concerning financial services . 
  there is no point having a seat at council meetings if the uk does not achieve its policy objectives and gets outvoted by 26-1 , as happened with bankers bonuses . 
  creating alliances for the uk is very difficult already and will become increasingly harder as the uk is outside the eurozone and plans to stay outside and has a large financial sector . 
  the uk is unique in this respect . 
   not getting all your policies passed does not mean that you do n't have influence . 
  in a club of 28 compromise must be expected . 
  there is a cost and a benefit , i agree , and there comes a point at which the costs outweigh the benefits . 
  however , support for eu membership in the uk is currently balanced on a knife-edge with opinion polls being extremely close . 
  the more that the uk does not get its policies passed , the more that the uk loses in litigation against the eu , the more that public perception and city perception of these costs and benefits changes and thus the more likely a brexit becomes . 
   the only thing the uk gains by leaving the eu is losing influence and perhaps getting a few insignificant opt-outs .
