  norway does not need to implement everything that the eu does . 
  it implements things related to the single market , but the eu does more than that . 
  also , the difference between low influence and zero influence , over things that you might not feel strongly about , it minimal . 
  the eea could be used as an intermidiate stepping stone by the uk , to a better deal . 
   if you want to exit the eu and regain sovereignty over certain things , then that 's understandable . 
  wanting norway 's deal is just unfathomable , it does n't give you any upsides whatsoever . 
  as mentioned many many times , i do not think that the uk should copy norway 's deal . 
  i 've simply said that i think it is better than the uk 's current deal . 
   you 're extrapolating a trend clearly based on a union in trouble . 
  no , i just asked you for data . 
  it is n't my fault that the data seems to support me !, 
  yes , the union is in trouble , another reason to leave . 
  the greek problem is not closer to being solved unfortunately . 
  but it seems odd to discount the views of people just because they base their views on the current trouble !, 
  to me this is a reason why we should consider their views . 
   people also consistently say that they do n't have enough knowledge to make up their minds about alternatives to the eea , which also lends strength to the argument that they are simply happy with the way things are . 
  i think we can agree that norwegians are happy the way things are . 
  this is why i find it suprising that you seem so surprised that a brit might also prefer that deal !, 
  if norwegians are happy with it , why would a brit not look at it seriously ? 
   norwegians are incredibly positive towards being close to europe , and the fundamental concepts of the eu , much more so than the british . 
  i love europe and being close to it !, 
  but as you say , brits do n't like the fundamental concepts of the eu as much as norwegians , which is a reason why the uk should leave . 
   that 's what i asked for . 
  i know what 's in the report , but i wanted your take . 
  my own person preference would be for the uk to take the `` go it alone '' approach outlined in the report and negotiate a fta with the reu along the lines of the candian one of the south korean one . 
  however , i think many of the other apporaches outlined in the report would be better than eu membership too . 
   you 've got it a little backwards : for the eu as a whole , the proportion of trade with the uk is much smaller than the uk 's trade with eu : if there are trade difficulties between the uk and eu , those will disproportionately be felt by the smaller party than the larger party , and in this case , the smaller party is the uk . 
  the uk is more dependent on eu trade than the eu is on uk trade . 
  that , in fact , makes the uk 's bargaining position weaker . 
  i think the uk 's economy is better able to deal with a shock than the reu economy , especially one that seems entirely incapable of dealing with greece and the rest of the periphery . 
  while reu trade as a whole for the uk is of course much bigger than uk trade for the reu , the point i made was that the trade deficit is in the uk 's favour . 
  another interesting point is that with each year that passes , the share of the uk 's exports that goes to the reu relative to the rest of the world falls . 
  each year the uk becomes less dependent on reu trade . 
   not to any significant extent . 
  the uk will end up paying pretty much the same amount without any of the benefit of having a say . 
  this is the way it is for norway , the much touted example of how things would be for the uk . 
  as mentioned many times , i prefer the norwegian model to the current british model . 
  norwegians seem fine with it too . 
  there is no point trying to threaten me with norway or switzerland . 
  they are among the most prosperous free people on the planet . 
   exactly how do you think the uk will negotiate that ? 
  efta and eea exist explicitly for half-in-half-out countries . 
  there is no benefit to the eu - and this is the overriding point - to treating the uk any different from any efta or eea members . 
  the same way that canada and south korea managed . 
  there is a lot of benefit for the reu to reach a deal with the uk . 
  on a whole range of diplomatic matters and military matters and trading matters , we will continue to have a relationship . 
   in doing so , you 're restricting that ` huge number of peple move from the eurozone to the uk to live every day ' : you 're putting an impediment in their way . 
  to be honest , i do n't see them not wanting to come !, 
  the uk is not short of people that want to come here . 
  i welcome the high number of immigrants we will continue to have . 
   you 're also leaving out the huge number of people from the uk who move to live in other eu member states every day : if the uk leaves the eu , any responsibility the member states had to uk citizens as eu citizens vanishes . 
  i 'm cool with this . 
  huge numbers of brits have gone to live in non-eu countries and in fact four of the five main destination choices for brits are outside the eu already . 
  what are the reu countries really going to do to brits that is worse than what australia currently does to brits ? 
   and as a bonus , i 'll hugely complicate ireland 's relationships with the eu and the uk regarding both freedom of travel and the common travel area . 
  why ? 
  i think the cta should continue and i think ireland want it to continue too . 
  to clarify , i think irish citizens should enjoy all their existing rights ( e.g. 
  voting in uk elections , being able to serve in the uk military , live and work in the uk without a passport ... )  the difference between those and the uk is that they are n't considering leaving the eu because their not members . 
  they 're not marginalised because they 're in no position to marginalise themselves in the first place . 
  i do n't really understand what you 're saying here . 
  i think we can both agree that many countries outside the eu are not marginalised . 
  in what way would the uk be marginalised if it left the eu ? 
  people would stop wanting to go there on holiday ? 
  no diplomatic relations ? 
  it would be kicked out of nato and the un ? 
  i 'm not really sure what you are saying ? 
   it seems to me largely a selfish move that will end up backfiring on the uk . 
  why selfish ? 
  the uk should do what is in the uk 's interests . 
  i think the uk can do great outside the eu , like many countries in the world do . 
   most big financial companies that are foreign that are headquartered in london have already said that they will move from the city if britain leaves the eu . 
  no , they have n't said this . 
  some have said they will move some of their operations . 
  and as mentioned , the extent to which they move depends on the new relationship that the eu and the uk have , which is uncertain . 
   singapore is not the eu financial centre neither is honk kong neither is zurich or new york . 
  singapore , hong kong and new york are global financial centres , as is london . 
  london 's ambition is not to be the eu financial centre , but to be the most significant global financial centre . 
   the financial centre of europe is london , followed by frankfurt and paris . 
  different people have different views here . 
  note that the global financial centres index places zurich , geneva and luxembourg before frankfurt and paris . 
   you think france and germany aren \u00b4 t going to compete with britain to be the financial centre by imposing trade barriers to london economic activity in europe if they leave the eu ? 
  germany exports far more to the uk than the other way round . 
  germany is not very protectionist either , differently from france . 
  there is a limit to their ability to exclude finance from the uk and attract it to the reu , because finance is inherently global . 
  protectionist measures might not have a good outcome . 
  london has many advantages . 
   the investors aren \u00b4 t interested in britainl ... it \u00b4 s financial activity is nothing compared to the whole eu market . 
  financial centres are n't big because people want to invest in the country of their location . 
  this is not how finance works . 
  singapore is not good financial centres because people want to invest there . 
  it is great because of its outstanding legal and regulatory regime . 
  finance in london is not about investing in the uk . 
  it is about bringing together global financial trading opportunities , with borrowers and lenders located globally . 
   norway and switzerland who aren \u00b4 t in the eu comply with 90 % of what the eu tells them to do . 
  yes , and they prefer that to being in the eu . 
  i agree with them . 
  however , i think that the uk can negotiate a better deal . 
  justice works best when it is transparent . 
  the general public , in order to believe that justice is done , must see that it is done .
