  it takes time and hard work though . 
  thanks - your distinction between anti-eu and eusceptic makes sense to me . 
  by your definition i am anti-eu because i would like my country to come out of the eu . 
  ( i guess i would want the uk to stay in if the eu was just a single market - but that does n't seem to be what most other people want . ), 
  anyway , my point still stands . 
  anti-eu people like me should still have representation at eu level . 
  ( in the uk parliament for years we have had representatives from northern irish sinn fein mps , who want to leave the uk . 
  i think that the people who vote for sinn fein should be entitled to representation . ), 
  i agree with you that it is interesting to see the other parties affiliated within the eu etc. 
  i will research the slovak national party etc. 
  however , this will not impact the way i vote . 
  yes , but nobody in the uk is calling for germany to change its labour laws . 
  the entire discussion is in the context of the way the european sovereign debt crisis has forced the debtor countries to implement austerity and reform its labour market . 
  the uk is n't relevant to this discussion as the uk is not in the eurozone and did not get bailed out , did not sign the fiscal compact . 
  i agree that a direct comparison with the us does n't make sense . 
  that 's why i am surprised that you introduced a comparison with the us . 
  i think it is important to have eusceptic people elected to be meps . 
  otherwise eusceptic people like me do n't have representation . 
  i guess with immigration , i am happy with the fundamentals of ukip 's policy , which is for the uk to welcome immigrants from around the world depending on the needs of british business etc. 
  this is similar to the likes of canada / new zealand etc. 
  i guess you do n't think that canada and new zealand have extreme immigration policies ? 
  there are some ukip policies that i really disagree with , for example , they used to have a policy of banning the face veil for women ( like is the case in france ) . 
  however , the reason for voting is not because i agree with every issue , but because ukip is the least worse choice for me . 
  i do n't know anything about the slovak national party or mpv . 
  anyway , i am not voting for them , i am voting for ukip . 
   well that does n't change much from my perspective . 
  if anything that seems more like a problem with your national election system . 
  i 'm not defending the uk national election system . 
  i 'm just explaining why if you are an eusceptic it makes sense to vote ukip in eu elections . 
  in summary , it affects uk domestic politics . 
   i think some of those might be present in the ecr i mentioned earlier actually . 
  i 'm talking about mps in westminster here . 
  when we vote for mps in westminster , affiliation to the ecr is irrelevant ( to us ) . 
   by sitting in parliament listening to debates about . . what is it this evening ? 
  occurrence reporting in civil aviation nigel farage is n't sitting in parliment in brussels listening to debates though , it he ? 
  he is in pubs in britain and on tv in britain campaigning . 
  so this helps ukip a lot . 
  if other ukip meps spend most of their time in the uk campaigning ( as i hope they do ) then this does help ukip in the uk . 
  personally i am happy if they do n't go to brussels at all but spend their whole time in the uk . 
   one is expected to do what he 's elected for . 
  but what is this thing exactly ? 
  for me , i elect nigel farage to spend his time in the uk campaigining . 
  i do n't elect him to spend time listening to debates in brussels . 
  i am the one electing ukip and i am happy with what they do ( and what they do n't do ) . 
  if you are not happy with them , then i suggest you do n't vote for them ...  on a sidenote why ca n't they just push this agenda without pulling immigration into it ? 
  personally i am largely pro immigration and so forth . 
  however , the reason why ukip push it is because it is a big political issue in the uk . 
   i do n't want this to be a sub filled with satire pics . 
  i guess you are happy that this sub is not filled with satire pics . 
  it just has one satire pic . 
   germany has a surplus with countries like the us and the uk , which have let their manufacturing industry decline in order to concentrate on services , while germany has maintained a strong manufacturing sector through innovation . 
  countries that manufacture less export less . 
  germany is not responsible for the erroneous industrial policies of other countries . 
  but the problems are n't in the uk and the us . 
  both the uk and the us have much lower unemployement that the eurozone and have growing economies . 
  the problems are obviously portugal , italy , greece and spain . 
  also , there is nothing inherently better about the manufacturing sector than the services sector . 
  both can exported and imported . 
   personally i think we should introduce more elements of direct democracy to the eu , its institution and its member states . 
  this is the constant irony of the eu . 
  the only way it can become more democratic is by forcing democracy on an unwilling people . 
  are the people of europe really going to vote for the kinds of treaty change required to give direct democracy to the eu institutions ? 
  i do n't see it happening . 
   what about scones ? 
  i actually think whiskey is more helpful than scones when you 're in a bunker . 
  though i 'm not sure if we will have access to whiskey any more if scotland votes for independence ... 
   the whole point of a single market is that the same rules and regulations apply for everybody , regardless from or in which member state . 
  since said rules and regulations have to be decided collectively , members ca n't decide them on their own , and therefore lose sovereignty over the aspect in question . 
  you ca n't maintain full sovereignty and at the same time be a member of a common market such as the eu 's . 
  if you want full sovereignty , you 'll have to leave the eea . 
  essentially i agree with you here . 
  for full sovereignty , the uk has to leave the eu . 
  personally i do n't mind the uk giving up some sovereignty in relation to the majority of single market issues ( though i think there are certain difficulties with the single market for workers ) . 
  if the eu were simply a `` single market '' then that would probably be fine for a lot of ukipers / uk eusceptics ( and certainly i would be much less reluctant to want to leave - instead i would want every nation in the world to join ... ) . 
  but the eu is n't just a single market though . 
  and there does n't seem to be an easy way for the uk to be part of the single market , but not part of everything else the eu is . 
   in any case it is fascinating to see international law work for a change . 
  assuming they actually find yanukovych . 
  surely he will get to russia ? 
  my bet is that this trial never actually happens . 
  ( i agree , fascinating though . ), 
   would n't ukip having a local share in the votes not be much more effective . 
  i mean sure it sends a message but it 's like standing near parliament with a big pamflet all day . 
  sure they will notice but they are n't necesarily bothered by it at the local level as much shoving them a bit out of their chair would within the parliament . 
  yes , ukip having representation at westminster would be much more effective than ukip having representation at the eu level . 
  however , because elections in the eu are on a proportionate basis while elections in the uk are on a `` first past the post '' basis , it is much easier for ukip to succeed in the eu than succeed in westminster . 
  that 's why ukip are already represented in the eu and why ukip are focused there for the time-being . 
  also , in westminster there are some labour and conservative mps who regularly vote eusceptic within the house of commons . 
  so , arguably , if you are eusceptic it might make sense to vote for these individuals who ( who already have some power in westminster ) than `` waste '' a vote for ukip when they have less chance at getting power in westminster . 
   they ca n't focus their efforts on the brexit debate in the uk . 
  well , they can . 
  that is kind of what nigel farage does all day every day ...  his point was that stalling the eu was justified because he wanted it destroyed and gone becase apparently his country being out of it was n't enough . 
  apparently that was his justification for them taking pay for but not doing a certain task and certain other stuf . 
  really ? 
  which poster was this ? 
  when was the discussion ? 
  i am a bit surprised by this because most ukipers i know really do n't care about what the rest of the eu do once uk leaves . 
  personally i do n't think what other nations choose to do is anything that the uk can control/care about . 
  if france and germany want to federalise , provided that is fine by the french and the germans , that is fine by me too . 
   apparently that was his justification for them taking pay for but not doing a certain task and certain other stuf .
