  ] ( http://www.ansa.it/english/news/2014/05/28/m5s-chief-grillo-to-meet-ukips-farage-in-brussels_4dc51e4f-94a5-445b-b008-70490de95b98.html ), 
   the retort i was treated to was `` sir , we are not european , we are british . '', 
  which in retrospect , was hilarious in the english language one of the most common meanings/usages of the word `` europe '' is to describe continental europe , distinguishing it from the uk . 
  this is how the english language has been used for centuries . 
  i 'm not sure why you find the english language hilarious ... 
  i agree , there is probably a cost / benefit relationship here and if you put some investment into francophonia and the francosphere you will likely get a return on that investment . 
  i have had somewhat similar discussions here in the uk . 
  while i do n't see any need for us to spend money on anglophonia ( which manages to market itself for free , partly thanks to our usanian friends ... ) it is worth the uk raising investment generally in the anglosphere and focusing on diplomatic and cultural and trade links with those countries , rather than spending that money on european countries , many of whom are somewhere between hating us or viewing us with deep suspicion . 
  the uk government has more or less outsourced the entire management of anglosphere relations to elizabeth , charles , william and kate . 
  while everyone recognises that these generally do well , the rest of the government ought to focus much more . 
  i mean : india is on course for incredible economic growth and the uk needs to get in there fast . 
  lots of indians are still very well disposed brits in a way that nobody in a way in which nobody in italy , spain or greece etc will ever be . 
  i agree with all , but promotion of the french language ? 
  i thought that was already french government policy for decades , but that effectively english had already won that war ? 
   only if a qualified majority of the council wants this to happen , which i find rather unlikely . 
  cameron can only try to build a blocking minority willing to block the council permanently , which would cost quite a bit of good-will though . 
  plus , the ep can decided to block other projects as revenge . 
  maybe projects important to cameron , i 'm sure there 's something . 
  i agree , cameron 's strategy here is unlikely not to work in relation to the commission president . 
  these negotiations are just an ongoing part of cameron 's efforts to build alliances - key to whether or not the uk stays in the eu . 
  but this is still extremely interesting because cameron 's main strategy here is to build alliances on people that want to reform the eu in his direction , for a renegotiation beginning after the next uk general election . 
  quite often the uk is peceived as being in a minority of one . 
  in actual fact , there are many other governments that are sympathetic to the uk government position ( but less keen to be seen to say it ) . 
  the uk has already got netherlands , sweden and denmark on side . 
  other potential reformers are ireland , finland , poland , baltics . 
  the key , as ever , will be germany . 
  cameron is doing whatever he can to flatter angela . 
  [ she gets to address both houses of parliament and have tea with the queen . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/gallery/2014/feb/27/angela-merkels-one-day-visit-to-the-uk-in-pictures ) [ he has taken his whole family to stay with her in a german castle . ] ( http://www.theweek.co.uk/europe/52472/david-cameron-angela-merkel-german-castle-meseberg ) . 
  constantly praising her in speeches . 
  but the council can keep putting forwards new candidates . 
  not remotely in the same league as nyc / london . 
  are you german ? 
  we will see what happens . 
  cameron should try and do what is in the best interests of the uk . 
  juncker is an-\u00fcber federalist . 
  he is not in the best interests of the uk . 
  or maybe he is . 
  maybe this just brings forward the day that the uk leaves the eu . 
  edit - also , it is n't ultimately the ep that decides . 
  it is ultimately the council and the parliament that decide . 
  looking difficult for ukip , but i understand they think they will maybe keep the danish people 's party and the finns . 
  they might get the italian five star movement too . 
  there will be others desperate for a group ... 
  also , if afd do n't join ecr then where do they go ? 
  they join efd and ukip . 
  and that is a bad result for cameron too . 
  so perhaps you 're right . 
  i think it is a complicated issue . 
  i 'm not dismissing your view , but there is no good outcome here . 
  it is true that juncker 's group got the most votes . 
  but we should not pretend that the treaties say something different from what they actually say . 
  if we want them to say something different , we should change them . 
  i understand the desire to make the eu more democratic . 
  but that journey should be at the correct speed and occur with the proper process . 
  otherwise we would just be undermining the democracies of the various member states that signed the treaties , presumably on the basis of what they actually said . 
  under common law legal systems like england and ireland , to interpret the law you only look at the law and not the materials . 
  but as you say , eu law is not a common law system . 
  however , my understanding of civil law is that you only need to look at the materials where the law is unclear . 
  and what cameron is doing here , in conjunction with helle thorning-schmidt , is clearly legal . 
  the eu is not a country , it is a union in which specific powers have been granted to it by the members . 
  these powers are specifically set out within the treaties . 
  there is no convention whereby , under international law , the rights of the member states , as specifically set out in the treaty , should be undermined . 
  various countries and national parliaments ratified the treaty , some even had referendums on it . 
  to pretend it says something different from what it actually says , however much you might want that , undermines the democratic and legal processes in which the member states ratified the treaty . 
  cameron should stand his ground . 
   `` you do n't like democracy . '', 
  i was harsh there and apologies . 
  i know that you are committed to democracy . 
  however , my understanding of your position is : ( 1 ) i am entitled to my opinion that uk should pull out of the eu . 
  ( 2 ) i am morally entitled to vote ukip on behalf of that opinion in uk elections . 
  ( 3 ) i am not ( morally ) entitled to vote ukip on behalf of that opinion in the eu elections , because , properly speaking , the eu is not the organ of government where this decision is made . 
  i understand your argument , but i still disagree with it . 
  i do n't believe that there are moral limitations on voting . 
  i voted this way in order to achieve a political outcome . 
  this is , fundamentally , what voting is about . 
   they are on a roll . 
  next on the list for us is better weather than rome . 
  terrible rain here all day :-(, 
  yeah , london is doing great . 
  this is a good thing , but , obviously , has some difficult consequences . 
  prices are crazy high !, 
  but i guess salaries are high too . 
  i think `` taking into account '' gives the council considerable flexibility . 
  perhaps they could say : `` turnout was terrible and there have been dramatic and odd results in a number of countries and that an entirely new candidate should be chosen rather than a diehard federalist , otherwise the show will come off the roads '' ? 
   is this wishful thinking from the guardian who have always hated that the tories left the epp ? 
  it is hard to tell . 
  on balance i think there is likely some truth in this . 
  if afd join ecr then angela will be annoyed . 
  and cameron does not want this to happen . 
   i did not downvote you . 
  sorry - this was aimed at whoever it was , not you !, 
   choosing one of the spitzenkandidaten would be observing the law , though . 
  it 's following the spirit as well as the letter of the law . 
  i 'm not sure if i really agree with you here . 
  if only the spitzenkandidaten could be chosen , then that should have been written into the treaty itself . 
  the fact that this was n't in the treaty makes me think it is n't the law either in letter or spirit . 
   the ep may still refuse to elect a commission president that is n't one of those we 're talking about . 
  with all the various crazies in the ep it is somewhat unpredictable , i agree . 
  i agree that the law is not the whole story .
