  no , there is specific evidence of the conservative party not fragmenting . 
  all candidates for the leadership are advocating brexit of some form . 
  prominent remainers are backing leave candidates ( e.g. 
  morgan is backing gove ) while prominent leavers are backing remain candidates ( e.g. 
  grayling is backing may ) . 
  i am not seeing any fragmentation . 
   modern scots are lazy , always looking for a handout , quick to blame it all on the english , never wanting to accept responsibility . 
  i believe that leaving the eu and forging new deals across the globe could be the kick up the arse scotland needs . 
  i also think that this is a wonderful opportunity for scotland . 
  the ones i know do n't seem to be lazy and i have a lot of confidence in them ... 
   his comments are almost always factual and i 'm sure he is an intelligent person . 
  i disagree with his views but i like reading his comments . 
  hey , that is really kind , thanks very much !, 
   if the uk is out of both eea and the eu they might have to . 
  just like there 's a physical border with ukraine , russia and belarus . 
  actually , i do n't see why . 
  it would be like the border between norway and sweden . 
  ireland is not in schengen after all . 
   and have you thought about how that will affect northern ireland and scotland ? 
  yes . 
   people in both parts of ireland will not like a physical border . 
  i do n't think ireland will put up a border . 
  yes there is . 
  all leadership candidates , whether they were remain or leave are now arguing for leave . 
  there are leavers supporting remain candidates and vice versa . 
  what makes you think the opposite ? 
   the funny thing is : your next pm will have extremely big legitimacy to negotiate the brexit but relatively little personal legitimacy ( compared to e.g. 
  i agree that they will have a question around personal legitimacy and i think it may be wise to seek elections sooner rather than later . 
  however , that will not be easy because of the stupid fixed term parliament act ( which will hopefully be overturned ) . 
  the conservative party are not going to collapse . 
  the conservative party are going to start looking more united than at any time since the uk joined the then eec . 
   do you really think that these processes are extremely democratic ? 
  i do not think so . 
  you will have a prime minister that did not get elected by the electorate , prime ministers never get directly elected in the uk and , even without this referendum we were likely to get a new pm this way , just as we did with brown and major . 
  cameron was not going to finish the term even if he had won the referendum . 
  if the electorate do not like the next pm , then they can make their wishes known at the next elections . 
   even you can not pretend that this is `` business as usual '' for a currency . 
  despite the boe throwing cash at the markets , the drop has been immense . 
  the drop has been immense partly because the boe has been throwing cash at the market . 
  the boe and the british government want a weaker pound right now . 
  it is n't business as usual to leave the eu , it is , i agree , a special momentous time . 
   but instead of just focusing on the negative , you see possibilities . 
  perhaps i could learn something from you . 
  so let 's hope you 're right . 
   i think there are incredible exciting opportunities , even for your country and we should embrace them with enthusiasm . 
   do n't you think that many leavers will now flip shit , because according to them staying in the eea means that the uk keeps all the bad stuff ( immigrants ) and loses all the good stuff ( money from eu funds and the like ) . 
  i do n't think we will stay in the eea . 
  however , i think most british people will prefer it to the eu ( just like most norwegians do ) . 
   so if i write on a leaflet that all whites are being killed on the streets by blacks , the police `` should n't waste taxpayer money '' on refuting my lies ? 
  if you write something that is criminal then obviously the police should be involved . 
  however , this is not something that we are talking about . 
  that 's great that you hired a good person , but the uk has a very dynamic job market . 
  businesses open and close all the time . 
  i am not convinced that there needs to be any urgent rush . 
  let 's wait until after the summer . 
   this is spreading of misinformation . 
  authorities are interested that misinformation is at least refuted . 
  how is this weird ? 
  it seems weird and somewhat orwellian to have a ministry for truth . 
   agreed . 
  but it seems that you do not even know what you want yet . 
  yes , we will now decide that using our democratic processes . 
  no need to rush this . 
   for all the eu citizens in the uk , for the uk citizens in the eu , for the markets , for the businesses on both sides of the channel . 
  for your regular citizens as uncertainty usually causes job creation to be postponed . 
  for your citizens as the pound will likely not recover until there is certainty . 
  currently we have low unemployment and relatively steady growth , so we will see if this changes . 
  as for the pound , it has risen and fallen against the euro and other currencies over the years . 
  it is good to have a currency that can float as this is a good way of absorbing shocks . 
   i think your leaders should waste no time celebrating . 
  they should start working . 
  actually , i have starting working too !, 
  i have joined the conservative party and i have also joined an exciting new think tank !, 
  it is n't a country 's propaganda it is just the free press . 
  yes , we will probably start in few months . 
  i voted leave and actually immigration was n't a big point for me . 
   although ... http://foolsgold.international/new-research-competing-aggressively-on-tax-reduces-growth/ the interesting thing about this blog , which i skimmed , seems to be that lowering corporate tax is n't parasitic though . 
  no , it sounds like beginning a great new exciting journey to me . 
   due all respect this is not good , this is attempt to economic suicide . 
  uk will pay price for uncertainty and longer it persists heavier price it will be . 
  i think we will be fine !, 
  elections in which a government and a parliament are chosen are obviously very different from referendums in which a government and a parliament are not chosen . 
  that 's the distinction here . 
  out of everything other than single market ( e.g. 
  cap , external action force , cfp . 
  cfr etc ) . 
   you do n't need to have any power in order to be able to have discussions . 
  not having any power never stopped farage about campaigning and arguing against eu membership . 
  if he was so vocal about leaving , why ca n't he be vocal about what he thinks , or what he party thinks , would be the best action for the uk government ? 
  he definitely had many eyes on him , now more than ever . 
  we will see how vocal he is now . 
  however , he does n't need to be leader of ukip to be vocal . 
  perhaps this kind of waste of money they can now stop doing ? 
   so what now - will you leave the eea as well ? 
  that would be my preference , but we will see . 
  however , the eea is of course much better for the uk than the eu . 
  just as most norwegians are happier in the eea than the eu , most brits will be too . 
   are you saying brexit is too complicated an issue to plan for ? 
  how is it we can have a plan for nuclear war then ? 
  that 's even more unpredictable .
