  we can not change german governments . 
  to minimize influence of german governments , we need to leave the eu . 
  this is going to go down well in the context of the uk referendum . 
   how many spaniards/brits/portuguese move to their former colonies ? 
  there are 1.3 million british people in australia apparently . 
  there are also many in us , canada , ireland , south africa and nz . 
   the french see their nation 's ideals of liberty , equality and fraternity as universal values , and something that could be exported . 
  although they will all admit that in daily practice there are always problems in their country , these universal core ideals are in essence good , not something specifically french , and something that all nations could actively strive for . 
  the things that are fundamental to the french constitution , liberty , equality and fraternity are idealistic notions . 
  good notions , but idealistic ones . 
  the uk constitution has no real concept of these things . 
  the fundamental bits of the uk constitution , which are rule of law and parliamentary sovereignty are basically organisational principles . 
   we had daily riots in hungary in july-august because the migrants did n't wanted to be registered here . 
  if this happens , then it would be a big mistake for slovenia to register them . 
  people could get injured . 
  slovenia should just transport them !, 
   i did n't say it related to anything you wrote . 
  i used it as an example , since most would refer to australia etc , being the closest countries related to britian culturally . 
  given that earlier on this thread you had already said `` french or german culture is just as western as ours '' and i had already said i agreed with this i have no idea why you need to make this same point again . 
   since most would refer to australia etc , being the closest countries related to britian culturally . 
  the uk is , on balance , closer to australia than it is to most of continental europe . 
   however , western culture is european culture . 
  they 're the same thing . 
  what we call ourselves is irrelevant , unless it 's patriotism . 
  culturally we are similar to europe ( the continent ) and to the rest of the western world , because the west is an extension of european culture . 
  european culture does n't mean one specific culture , because there is n't one . 
  using the word western is just as helpful as using the word european . 
  the word `` western '' is far more widely used to refer to the culture of all of the countries in the western world . 
  the word `` european '' is generally used to refer to things that are specific to europe . 
  if you are referring to every country in the western world it makes more sense to use the word `` western '' . 
   well , because the others do n't do their job does n't mean slovenia should n't do it either , does it ? 
  i ca n't see how it benefits slovenia , the refugees or the schengenzone generally to be honest . 
  if it was fine for refugees to cross turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia and croatia without registration , i do n't think slovenia being added to that list makes a blind bit of difference !, 
  i do n't feel strongly about it , i just do n't know if slovenia even has the resources to do that . 
   except that greece registers only ~ 10 % so it 's the next schengen state on the route - croatia - who should do it . 
  the ones upstream do n't have to do it anymore , of course . 
  croatia is n't in schengen , but slovenia is . 
  however , slovenia is the second schengen country , the third eu country and the sixth safe country that refugees pass through . 
  to me it seems absurd for them to be doing the registering . 
   french culture is just as `` western '' as australian . 
  this is a strawman , i am not arguing that french culture is not as western as australian . 
  french culture is western . 
   western does n't soley belong to the `` anglosphere '' as european culture is western culture , and vice versa . 
  another strawman . 
  i am not saying that western belongs solely to the anglosphere . 
  i have no idea why you are making this point as it does not relate to anything i have written . 
   how is it less helpful ? 
  when using a word to describe british culture , it is most helpful to use the word that also describes all other countries that share that culture , rather than use a word that describes just some of them . 
  that is why i think `` western '' is preferable to `` european '' in this context . 
   i respectfully disagree . 
  i do n't want just about anyone roaming around europe without a minimum of name , age , country of origin and fingerprints . 
  what it the point of slovenia doing the registering ? 
  everybody who reaches slovenia has come via croatia . 
  everyone who comes into slovenia leaves via austria . 
  there is no point slovenia being burdened by registration . 
  in my mind the country where they end up ( not slovenia ) should register them and i can just about understand why the first eu country they enter ( greece ) should register them . 
  but it is pointless them being registered by each of turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , croatia , slovenia and austria . 
  this just seems like duplication of work . 
   you missed my point . 
  the idea of europe is a cultural construct and british culture , has been a part of european culture for over a thousand years . 
  australia , canada etc , are an extension of british culture ( and others ) , and therefore an extension of european culture , as european culture encompasses many different cultures within itself . 
  these nations have also developed cultures that are unique in their own way , apart from british culture . 
  no , i understood your point . 
  i am arguing that the word `` european '' to describe britain 's culture is a less helpful word than `` western '' . 
  the word `` western '' is used to describe all the countries that share culture with britain . 
  the word `` european '' is used to describe some of them , but not all of them . 
   if all they do is transporting then yes , doable . 
  if they want to do a proper job and also register everyone that might be trickier . 
  this exercise is largely pointless . 
  the aim is transporting , not registering . 
  everything that interferes with efficient transporting is unhelpful . 
   anyway , the big question is for how long germany can keep their doors wide open ... 
  if germany shuts its doors , there will be a chain reaction across austria , slovenia , croatia , serbia , macedonia and greece . 
  ( hopefully i have n't missed out any countries ! ), 
  all slovenia needs to do is make sure it can close the border with croatia before ( or at the same time ) as austria closes its own border . 
  i think they can !, 
   i 'm just having a bit of fun here i was also having a bit of fun , however , i think under the fun there is an element of truth in what i have written . 
  it is n't just in gardens , literature and law that the english are pragmatists and the french are idealists , we can see it in many other things too . 
  look at the attitude to the monarchy - the english monarchy evolved and the english accept the monarchy for pramatic reasons and because they do n't believe in change for the sake of change , whereas the french monarchy did n't evolve and the french were keen to put in place an ideal state . 
  or we might even consider what napoleon said about the english : that they were a nation of shopkeepers ( compared to the french , a nation of artisans ) . 
  things like commerce , finance and shopkeeping are not creative , they are practical and that is why english people love them . 
  this is why the financial capital of the world ended up in london and not paris . 
  differently , the french are better than us generally at manufacturing . 
  or we even see it in attitudes to the eu . 
  one of the reasons why the french have liked the eu more than the english is because it is , at its heard an idealistic '' * grand projet * '' and there is nothing that french people like more than that . 
  differenly , the english have always hated things that seem to be a * grand projet * - the only thing that the english liked about the eu was the common market . 
   concerning law : there is one soothing aspect of the continental , civic law tradition versus the anglo-saxon common law tradition : if it is n't in a continental law , you ca n't be sued for it : the lawyers must be able to point to `` the law of november 15th 1989 , third paragraph '' if they want to convince the judge . 
  we have a very weak `` i 'm going to sue you ! '', 
  tradition because of that . 
  judges can create new laws in the common law , but they only do it in very unusual circumstances . 
  the story of common law development is one of slow , pragmatic , incremental development , so that changing concepts of justice and certainty can be balanced . 
  in our minds this is a very soothing thing !, 
  slovenia can apparently cope with transporting 8,000 a day from croatia to austria . 
  i guess they do n't need to worry much because nobody wants to stay in slovenia . 
  they just need to make sure that their transport systems are efficient . 
   european culture is still distinct from those cultures . 
  just as european culture has various cultures within itself . 
  as i said , our culture has ties with other european cultures . 
  calling it western still does n't change the fact that we are european , or mean that we are more `` western '' than european . 
  it makes far more sense to call britain 's culture western than european , because the former implies that britain is culturally similar to the entire western world ( which is correct ) whereas the latter implies that britain shares cultural traits with europe which it does not share with the rest of the western world ( which is largely incorrect ) .
