  however , people who do follow eu politics and know what the eu parliament is up to will of course have heard of the ecr . 
  this is major trolling . 
  syed kamall mep is the leader of the ecr , the third largest grouping in the european parliament and he has just declared for brexit . 
  tories now basically in open warfare with each other and this is now going to continue for months ( maybe years ) . 
  mods - i took the title from the current title of the telegraph 's political blog , but these blog titles change during the day !, 
   so , did you win ? 
  here in spain we are interested in knowing your general military readiness for ... reasons . 
  hahaha you guys are the exact reason for the anglo-portuguese alliance . 
  mess with them and you also mess with us !, 
  actually , some of us are looking closely at your vote and hoping you vote `` no '' to inspire us . 
  we also noticed the danish `` no '' last year . 
   there should be a `` does the eu suck ? '', 
  referendum this is what the uk is basically doing . 
   eea i think the eea would be temporary for us . 
  it is a stepping stone for full exit . 
   are there any perks within the current portuguese and uk relationship ? 
  does portugal get in on any commonwealth deals , other uk dealings or vice-versa ? 
  traditionally the uk seems to get the perks rather than portugal !, 
  portuguese people in the uk ca n't vote in uk general elections , unlike commonwealth/irish nationals in the uk . 
  it is still worth keeping as a diplomatic alliance though because you never know what the future holds and it has certainly helped in the past . 
   you 'd think there would be a pretty strong friendship between the two nations with an alliance dating back to the 14th century ? 
  i 'm not sure if england/uk and portugal are friends , we just have had very aligned interests for many centuries . 
  to quote one of our 19th century prime ministers : `` we have no eternal allies , and we have no perpetual enemies . 
  our interests are eternal and perpetual , and those interests it is our duty to follow ... '' in the case of the uk and portugal our common interests were mainly the french problem and the spanish problem . 
  in some respects portugal and uk are similar in the way that for much of their history they have considered themselves to be maritime nations and more focused on the oceans than the continent . 
  thanks , portugal !, 
  you never know when we will next be reminding you about our ancient diplomatic alliance , it could be sooner rather than later !, 
  this table puts oxford , cambridge , imperial and ucl in your top 28 . 
   and since belgium was a neutral country in the past and the country has excellent relations with france , we 'd veto an intervention . 
  i think it is important that belgium stays neutral !, 
  the whole purpose of belgium ( in our eyes ) is to be our buffer state and annoy the french ... 
  it is going to get bigger because it has to get bigger . 
  they just need to get on with it ... 
  it is crazy that it takes the ecb years and years to do things that the fed and boe decided on over night . 
   the uk will be sorry when they restrict italians from entering the good thing is that we can leave and still accept loads of italians ;-), 
   i think at least the french , germans and spaniards we will have the dutch and the portuguese on our side though ... 
   united continental navy we 've seen all the pictures of continental navies last week . 
  not worried right now !, 
   i do n't think anyone is suggesting you could n't function but you would have to accept a considerably lower standard of living . 
  i 'm not scottish i am english . 
  in the long-run borrowing costs and services relate to actions of government rather than the size of a nation . 
  i therefore do n't think it makes sense to make claims about the standard of living of an independent scotland . 
  this is just a function of how well scotland is governed - an open question . 
  in the long run a 10 % budget deficit is not possible for scotland and that would need to be cut . 
  however , that is not quite the same thing as saying that tax rises and spending cuts would be required as budget deficits can also be cut by raising economic growth and raising the tax take that way . 
  also , spending cuts do n't necessarily reduce quality of life because some of the things governments do are wasteful and pointless . 
  also , this is primarily a short term thing . 
  we ca n't predict long-term economic growth in an independent scotland as that depends on many unknown variables . 
   the quality of life , and the answer is likely that it would decrease in the short to medium term and be the same in the long term . 
  i plain disagree . 
  quality of life in scotland depends primarily on how well scotland is governed in the future . 
  there is no reason to believe that outside the uk scotland would not be governed very well indeed . 
  it is simply scaremongering to say that quality of life in scotland would suffer if they were independent . 
  i am a very strong supporter of the union and strongly hope that scotland stays in it . 
  however , if i were scottish and were continually told by english people that quality of life would go down if scotland were independent i would be minded to vote leave . 
  it is both insulting and not true . 
  the case for the union must be a positive one or there is no case . 
   the oil price crash has simply wrecked the snp independence model . 
  that required oil prices in three figures , well far higher than now . 
  scotland will just have to accept brexit if it happens . 
  in relation to the snp 's own model i agree with you . 
  in the long-term though i think we can be far more optimistic . 
  obviously it no longer makes sense for the scottish economy to have as much focus on oil as it previously did , however , scotland is a well-educated work force with an entrepreneurial mindset and many natural advantages ( e.g. 
  language ) . 
  it is well-placed to adapt its economy and could if it wanted thrive as an independent country . 
  this is n't what i want , i personally support the union between england and scotland . 
  however i think it is insulting to scottish people and basically just not true to imply that scotland could n't function well as an independent nation . 
  i think the `` no '' campaign during the referendum was very negative and harmed the union . 
   apart from the official indirect support for the allies , many irish served in the british armed forces or worked over there during the war . 
  it is good that both britain and ireland are increasingly recognising and paying tribute to the irish servicemen during ww2 and having a joined up reaction to that . 
  also , i think the last couple of years have been very good for anglo-irish relations generally and the way that we are both looking at various aspects of our common history . 
  i think qe2 's visit hit the right note there . 
  i suppose rugby is always going to be a problem though !, 
   france and britain are and have been very similar in many other aspects . 
  population , size , army , economy , cultural power , empire , geographical proximity , cuisine , ... france and britain consider each other to be equals and we have for centuries . 
  neither of us consider any other country in the world to be our equal . 
  because of our shared history and our geography we will always have a love/hate relationship . 
  the comparison between french idealism and british pragmatism impacts every aspect of our societies : law , commerce , constitution etc. 
  even our ideal of what makes a beautiful garden is different . 
  even our methods of receiving immigrants ( uk : pragmatic multiculturalism , france : idealistic integration ) reflect our different philosophies . 
   i think you 're a little too late for that , mate . 
  the french are in bed with the germans now , sorry . 
  france and germany might be married but we are pretty sure they no longer share a bedroom . 
  it is a loveless marriage . 
  they both secretly are in bed with us and they both secretly find us more fun than they find each other , but for different reasons . 
   in most big centers you can smell traffic , but even in the worst day of the year you 'll know when there 's a bakery nearby . 
  now i am reminded of living in milan and having a brioche and a latte macchiato for breakfast . 
  i agree that germany took hate that it should n't have had to take . 
  however , i think the point that germany has significantly more power than other countries in the field of economic governance is a significant point . 
  one of the consequences of this is the amount of underlying tension . 
  it is n't germany 's fault , it is just a situation that causes problems . 
   but ofcourse its only germanys fault bullying everyone !, 
  germany is n't bullying anyone . 
  however germany , unique among other countries , has a political power to make some fundamental changes . 
   getting rid of daylight savings time , which has been proven to be a bad idea ( a big increase in things like accidents happen during this time for example ) , business is for it due to have an extra hour of access to foreign markets ( european and i think asian but not 100 % sure there ) . 
  there is no problem with access to european markets because there are multiple working hours in the day in which both gmt markets ( london , lisbon , dublin ) and cet markets ( paris , frankfurt , milan , madrid , amsterdam etc ) are open . 
  there are few hours in the day in which london markets as well as both asian markets ( hong kong + singapore ) and american markets ( new york , south american markets ) are open , but gmt works best in this regard . 
  i do n't think business wants to move away from gmt , but would be interested in any sources . 
   how far right are these guys on a european scale ? 
  i 'm not really sure if there is a european scale .
