  that was immensely damaging to their credibility . 
  the inability to underwrite the debts of foreign investors as a sovereign state means that people are unlikely to trust their banks again eh ? 
  the icelandic state has been borrowing money on the international bond markets for a couple of years already . 
  they are already trusted again . 
  they will be very welcome . 
   i 'm not sure , but i think things will get worse for norway over time relative to the eu , standards of living in norway will rise , just as swiss standards of living stay well ahead of those in the eu . 
   because the uk is known for it 's lenient and sensible immigration strategy . 
  once the uk leaves the eu the uk will put in place a sensible immigration policy that treats people on the basis of skills rather than nationality , a bit like canada and australia do now . 
  both these countries have very high net immigration , because of their good job markets and the english language . 
  the uk will be like that too . 
  returning to a collaborative trading system rather than trying to become a new country . 
   it 's likely to be localised to norway honestly . 
  their sovereign wealth fund is n't especially sustainable once the oil runs out and in the event of general resource exhaustion . 
  the oil is n't running out and even when it does their sovereign wealth fund is incredible . 
  the chances of them having a localised economic downturn are incredibly low and even if they do they will get out of it much more efficiently as an independent country with an independent monetary policy . 
  that 's why iceland 's financial crisis has not lead to a move towards the eu , but in the long run cemented euscepticism in iceland . 
  as an independent country with an independent monetary policy , iceland recovered far quicker than portugal , spain and greece and now has very low unemployment . 
  it is of course far better for norway and iceland to be out than in . 
  thankfully the uk has an opt out of this . 
   do you have any evidence that these people and parties are supporters of putin ? 
  just because people are anti-eu does n't mean they are in league with other people who also happen to be anti-eu . 
  same as here . 
  there is huge euscepticism in the uk , but we are also very anti-putin . 
   now i know how the british redditors here feel . 
  this is quite insightful . 
  voting `` leave '' is the only thing that the eu will actually listen to . 
  that is why it is so important for the uk to vote to leave . 
  it is by far the best chance that the eu has of reforming . 
  anything else can be ignored . 
   if brexit happens , ironically , i see that as a trigger for norway tzo join as the uk was always a friend `` on the inside '' . 
  if brexit happens , then norway will have a friend on the outside though , which will also be useful to norway ... 
   it could be made more likely by a financial crisis or economic downturn in norway , especially if it damages their maritime industries beyond repair . 
  no , this is not conceivable . 
  any financial crisis or economic downturn that impacts norway will impact the eu in a much worse way , which would entrench euscepticism in norway even further . 
   i 've never been of the opinion that the norwegian status quo is sustainable even if the two main parties there think otherwise . 
  i agree that the status quo is not sustainable . 
  it is likely that norway moves further away from the eu , particularly once the uk leaves . 
   so , it would have to be a country where they simply do n't ask many questions , not just one where the more shady intermediaries accept moderately well done forgeries to get your business . 
  unfortunately , if you have id from a country that does not ask many questions , then you will get more questions from uk lawyers ... for example , if you have nigerian id ( because for example the nigerian authorities do not ask you too many questions ) and a german accent and a delaware company , then you will get many questions from london lawyers . 
  my firm would go through an extensive compliance procedure before giving you any advice and likely you would not get through it . 
  we have too much to lose in terms of our reputation !, 
   are these people wrong ? 
  yes . 
  they are basically conspiracy theorists . 
  the city of london is heavily regulated . 
  the vast corpus of global laws related to finance , most eu law and also uk law applies to the city of london . 
  do you think you would be able to get government authorised id in germany ( or another respectable country ) using the sim card , the debit card ? 
  i do n't think you could get a passport or drivers ' licence in the uk that way and they are the only uk forms of id that are acceptable . 
  ( we do n't have id cards . ), 
  i think without that it would be very difficult for you to do business with any london lawyers , even if you did manage to incorporate a company in delaware . 
  if you create fake id and get a german lawyer to certify that it is real , then most uk lawyers would feel obliged to consider that to be valid . 
   france has been telling for centuries that england is evil but no one listen to us !, 
  that 's because you say it in french . 
  if you say it in english , some people might understand . 
   if the laws are no different then what makes the city of london such a large tax haven ? 
  the city of london is not a tax haven . 
  it is a global financial centre . 
  corporation taxes in the city of london are the same as in the rest of the uk . 
   so , i 've established how i could create a fake persona with a telephone number and a debit card , and how this avatar could set up a company in delaware without an id or a physical address . 
  i have n't looked into bank accounts yet , any hints ? 
  if you contacted me in a professional capacity and i became aware that you had set up fake identity i would be required by law to report you to uk anti-money-laundering authorities , even if you were not planning on doing anything illegal i am afraid . 
  ( if i did n't do this there is a risk to me that i would be debarred and unable to practise as a lawyer . ), 
  i do n't think it would make sense for you to open a bank account in the uk , because to do that you require things like certified copies of passports . 
  do you have that yet ? 
  the city of london has been a financial centre since medieval times . 
  it just is n't a secret at all !, 
   do you have to run through a train station wall like harry potter ? 
  in my case i walk over southwark bridge , which is in fact one of the most beautiful bridges over the thames . 
   i know that it 's not a secret , but i think you 'd be hard pressed to find people outside of the uk that know that there are actually two different londons in the same location that adhere to two different sets of laws . 
  the city of london does not have a different set of laws from the rest of the uk . 
  it just has a different ceremonial local government structure , that does not have the power to make different laws . 
  source : am a lawyer working in the city of london . 
   for anyone that does n't know the difference between london and the ( secret ) city of london . 
  the city of london is not a secret . 
  i am working there now . 
  as are hundreds of thousands of other people from all over the world ... 
   there are big problems going on in france with the farmers . 
  the ambassador can do nothing about that . 
  the french government can though . 
  the ambassador represents the french government . 
  it is good to read that some dutch still believe in their sovereignty . 
  yes , that is a better system . 
   looks like we made it , take that brussels !, 
  brussels is not interested in how people vote . 
  they are busy experts doing important things . 
   one thought i had about this referendum was that the pro- and contra-brexit camps in the uk should really pay attention to this we are paying attention . 
  though we are an island , european politics has always caused impacts here !, 
  when paris has revolutions , london takes note !, 
  when the danes voted against maastricht , there were celebrations among eusceptics in the uk and it was the turning point in the discussions that kept the uk out of the euro . 
  hard to predict how this dutch vote will impact us , but it will have an impact ... 
   a good question : there was a lot of fuss about the 30 % threshold lately , with just about every legal authority that was asked his/her opinion being against it . 
  we better just place it at 50 % + 1 voter or remove it altogether : it 's difficult to see what added value 30 % got for an advisory referendum . 
  i was dealing with a dutch lawyer today on a professional matter . 
  we spoke on the telephone a few hours ago . 
  he was uncertain whether or not to vote as he wanted the turn-out to be below the threshold . 
  he wanted the `` voor '' side to win , because the people that organised the referendum are eusceptic , whereas he is euphile . 
  to me , the fact of the threshold makes people who would otherwise want to vote , consider not voting in order to try and ensure something will not be valid . 
  this seems to have some bad incentives . 
  i think the fact of the threshold will in the end make the `` voor '' side lose much worse , as some of their voters will have tactically stayed at home , whereas all of the `` tegen '' side will have voted . 
  thanks , this is really helpful and interesting .
