  ] ( http://europa.eu/legislation_summaries/internal_market/living_and_working_in_the_internal_market/em0025_en.htm ) ) the protocol with croatia never got signed . 
   croatia is the eu 's youngest member and their citizens ' free movement falls under the agreements between the eu and the swiss . 
  the agreement between switzerland and the eu specified particular countries , rather than any member state of the eu from time to time . 
  this means that in order for the agreement to apply also to croatia , an additional protocol was required , rather than the agreement applying to croatia automatically . 
  switzerland have not signed the additional protocol extending the agreement to croatia . 
  therefore , as a matter of law , switzerland are not in breach of an agreement here . 
   now barring kroatians is breaking earlier agreements , so let them face the consequenses . 
  which agreement does this break ? 
  technically the agreement on free movement between switzerland and croatia never entered into force as it was n't signed . 
  so switzerland barring free movement with croatia does n't break any agreements . 
   you do realize that you can exit the eu any time you want , right ? 
  yes , i do realise this and personally hope it happens soon . 
  my remark was obviously tongue-in-cheek . 
   i agree , but only because i think it 's too early to tell . 
  in the case of greece , given the recent extensive comment that they might need a third bailout and/or a debt restructuring , i think `` it 's too early to tell '' is something of an understatement . 
  ireland is of course in a way different position . 
   with all due respect , this is the most bizarre theory i have ever heard . 
  yes , and as i have said it is not my theory . 
  i do n't believe germany needs to change . 
  worryingly for germany , though , this does seem to be the theory of michael roth , state secretary for european affairs and worryingly for portugal , greece and spain , their political elites also do n't accept that they need to change their own economies . 
   a healthy market leads to economic stimulation which leads to job production . 
  i agree that there is generally a coincidence between a booming stock market and a growing economy and job creation . 
  but i do n't think it is the case that the two necessarily and always go hand-in-hand . 
  personally i do n't think that the data cited in this article of itself is indicative that `` the bailouts worked '' . 
   did somebody say that the bailouts will help to fix the economies or reduce the unemployment ? 
  well - i guess this was just me then . 
  i thought the point of the bailouts was about fixing economies etc rather than just fixing stock markets ... :-(, 
   so the eu bailouts worked ? 
  what happened , telegraph ? 
  worked for whom ? 
  this article shows what works for investors in the stock markets , not what works for the high numbers of unemployed in portugal , italy , greece and spain . 
   however there are voices that if the uk is dismantled england wales and northern ireland should also reapply . 
  these voices are english voices , hoping that if scotland votes for independence , england can escape the eu by the backdoor without anyone noticing ... 
  unfortunately ruk ( england , wales and n. ireland ) will be seen as the successor state , so we will have to stay in the eu for the time-being ... 
   if slovenia annexed russia ... where and when ? 
  i 'd pay good money to watch this . 
  just one piece of advice to slovenia - it is best to invade russia in summer rather than winter . 
   both the czech republic and slovakia remained parties to all the treaties signed by czechoslovakia . 
  noted , thanks . 
   it 's hard to say what would 've happened if czechoslovakia were an eu member , though . 
  for example , both countries had to reapply for un membership , as neither of the countries was recognized as a successor state . 
  on that basis i tend to think that both cz and svk would have had to have re-applied to the eu , though , as you say , have a much easier accession process . 
  ( though of course all other member states would have the right to veto , as they will with scotland and catalonia . ), 
   live interpretation and/or subtitling are crucial regardless of which language the politicians choose to speak in . 
  obviously , there will need to be some way for the those people that do n't understand english to get translations etc , as you say . 
  however , it will be interesting to see if some of the non-native english language politicians choose to debate in english . 
  language is such a political thing that all language choices can be seen as political choices - and this complicates things . 
  when west germany and east germany merged , then east germany automatically got the benefit of west germany 's eu membership . 
  if moldova becomes part of romania , then , as / u/taenk stated , as a matter of law , the former moldova would automatically be part of the eu . 
  however , in international law political considerations always weigh as heavily as legal ones . 
  i believe that when czech and slovakia split , neither of them took on the existing treaty rights and obligations of the former czechoslovakia . 
  thus , hypothetically , if romania were to split into transylvania and ruritania , then arguably neither of them would be part of the eu automatically . 
  but , as always , there would be political factors that would be very dominant . 
  when european people speak to each other , they mostly choose to speak in english , to maximise the audience ( look at this thread for example , many nationalities and all using english ) . 
  given this choice by european people , it is not surprising that european politicians would make the same choice for similar reasons . 
  speaking english allows the politicians to reach directly the widest audience . 
  having said that , i think the choice should be one that the politicians make . 
  if a schulz wants to speak german ( or estonian or catalan ) in the debates , he should be free to do so . 
  the comments made by michael roth relate specifically to germany 's european partners and a perceived advantage that germany has over those european partners . 
  also , if germany is able to export outside the ezone more easily than the rest of the ezone , than that self-evidently is at the expense of the ezone . 
  the reason why germany 's competitors are japan , us and korea , rather than spain , portugal and greece is because the latter are priced out of the competition with germany whereas the former are n't . 
  but essentially i agree with you . 
  the german model works . 
  it is spain , portugal and greece that need to change their economies so that they can compete with germany . 
  scotland voted for blair though . 
  england did n't force blair on a reluctant scotland . 
  scotland wanted blair and re-elected him three times . 
  by all means vote for independence , but scotland ca n't blame london for the policies of a government that scotland voted for . 
  those thatcherite policies that the last labour government had ? 
  those wars in iraq and afghanistan ? 
  they happened when the uk had a prime minister born and educated in scotland and a scottish chancellor who then became prime minister . 
  scotland overwhelmingly voted for that government three times . 
  scotland is reaping what it sowed itself here . 
  scotland is kind of a tricky issue . 
  personally i am on balance in favour of the uk staying united . 
  however , the union can only be successful if the people in the union want to be in it , which is why i think it is good that have a vote on it . 
  the interesting thing about the uk is that it is n't really a nation state , but an early example of a state made up of various nations , thus in some ways a prototype of eu . 
  spain is another example of this and perhaps also belgium . 
  if scotland and england ca n't stay together , then long-term the eu has no chance !, 
  if scotland leaves the uk , hopefully the relations between england and scotland will stay good ( like e.g. 
  czech and slovakia rather than former yugoslavia ) and i expect that england and scotland will always share a lot of things ( like the queen , television etc and maybe other things to , like embassies , the army ) . 
  the uk for example already shares a lot of things with ireland ( common travel area , voting arrangements ) , and the uk also shares a lot with the commonwealth and the anglosphere ( especially us , nz , oz , ca ) so scotland is just another english speaking friendly nation . 
  i think it will be in the uk 's interests for scotland to be in the eu if the uk stays in it . 
  but unfortunately the decision does not just depend on the uk and all the other member states can veto scotland too . 
  i am not sure if the rest of the eu will allow scotland to keep its opt-outs of the euro / schengen etc. 
  so it could get difficult for us . 
  scots are n't really more proeu than the english . 
  we 're all very suspicious of europe !, 
  ouch . 
  downton abbey is really shitty in my view . 
  however , i lived in italy for a few years and really struggled to like italian tv ... 
  the uk and the us are not worried about their trade deficits with germany though . 
  they are not calling on germany to change labour laws . 
  the uk and the us are not relevant to the discussion at all . 
  even though germany might not have a surplus with the eurozone , this does n't of itself mean that germany 's economic model does n't harm the rest of the eurozone . 
  for example , to the extent that it were true that germany were able to undercut the salaries of other eurozone nations , then arguably germany would be able to export outside the eurozone more easily than other eurozone members ( and this arguably have an unfair advantage ) . 
  i 'm not saying this is my argument , just that intra eurozone trade is not the whole picture . 
  haha !, 
  just because i am a lawyer it does n't mean i am intelligent !, 
  i think ukip is slowly moving towards professionalism and respectability in the uk .
