  ukip 's position is not that the eu ( or the vast body of eu law or the current eu institutions etc ) is illegitimate as a matter of law : their position is more that they want , by operation of law , to remove the uk from those institutions . 
  for example , ukip do n't say that the uk should n't receive the rebate or that ukip meps should n't receive any allowances . 
  their position on this is ( correctly in my view ) that this is their money just as much as it belongs to anyone else and they have equal right to receive it . 
   are you a junkie or something ? 
  seem pretty desperate for this money . 
  as far as i am concerned it is free money . 
  what 's not to like ? 
   in my experience , they have not done so in the past anytime there was a situation where they could transfer funds to their constituencies , or allow for funds to industries from their constituencies . 
  i am sure you know the detail better than me here , but if you have any links to show me this it would be interesting for me to see . 
   does their mandate go as far as refusing funds or not ? 
  this did not come up specifically in the campaign i do n't think . 
  do you think a transfering funds from the eu to the uk counts as a transfer of power from the uk to the eu ? 
  this does not strike me as a transfer of power , so i do n't think in ukip 's case they are required ( by their mandate ) to refuse the funds . 
  but if you have any arguments to the contrary i would happily listen to them !, 
   which is exactly the reason why ukip will never actually do anything substantial in strasbourg . 
  agreed . 
  this is all about westminster . 
  strasbourg and brussels are a side-show in this debate . 
   it might be the only way to count something and break the house . 
  obviously , on some issues ukip and fn will end up voting in the same way as ukip have a mandate to vote against any power transfers to the eu , as per their campaign . 
  i 'm not sure what the fn 's mandate is , but some of it will overlap . 
  however , farage specifically campaigned on not joining a group with the fn in the parliament and was questionned on this repeatedly during the campaign . 
  if he were to join it , i will join you in those protests we discussed yesterday !, 
  farage is aiming to get into westminster . 
  he can not do this if he joins marine in brussels . 
  so what is the highest figure you want to bet ? 
  or will you go higher ? 
  so yes or no ? 
  you want to bet 34p ? 
  i thought you were being serious about wanting to bet . 
  thanks . 
  i just checked exchange rates and it is a bit less than that . 
  i thought i was getting some serious money for a while !, 
   like 50p maybe ? 
  ok , it is 34p on today 's exchange rates . 
  why do n't we do a more serious amount of money ? 
  how about gbp100 ( or btc equivalent thereof ) ? 
  how much is 0.001 btc currently in gbp ? 
  how easy is it for me to open a btc account ? 
  i see this as easy money . 
  can we raise the stakes please ? 
   you think i 'm going to give my bank details to a pseudonym on reddit ? 
  if you are seriously think that ukip will join fn and want to bet i will private message you my bank details and phone number etc and we can agree to this bet . 
  people do this kind of thing all the time . 
  if you do n't really believe that ukip will join fn and/or are not serious about betting i find it a bit odd that you pretended you were . 
   given that we 'll never be able to exchange real money . 
  why not ? 
  you do n't have any real money or a bank account ? 
  how do you buy things ? 
   anyone who thinks ukip just want ` to give britain back to the people ' and then leave is kidding themselves . 
  really ? 
  personally i will leave ukip once the uk leaves the eu . 
  i do n't see them surviving after that . 
  also , i am prepared to take you up on your bet about whether or not ukip join a group with the fn . 
  i do n't have btc , but how much will you bet in gbp or eur ? 
   0.001 btc says farage will renege and join the fn . 
  what makes you say this ? 
  it is not going to happen . 
  if ukip join fn it loses a dramatic amount of support in the uk instantly . 
  this would be a deal breaker for me for example . 
  ukip are prepared to go non-inscrit if need be , but i understand they are fairly confident of getting their own block . 
   switzerland voted to introduce immigration caps and so far the only change has been that switzerland has been shut out off some eu programmes . 
  i suggest we all wait to see how it turns out . 
  i expect the eu 's wishes to be respected as well . 
  it is easy to know what switzerland 's wishes are here because they asked the electorate . 
  it is much harder to know what the eu 's wishes are because the electorate have not been directly asked and you and i might disagree about `` what the eu wishes '' . 
  however , speaking from the uk , where we have just voted overwhelmingly for parties that want to limit immigration , it seems like our wishes are the same as switzerland 's . 
  i expect the uk to make a strong case to accept what switzerland wants here and i expect others in the eu to agree with the uk . 
   switzerland has free trade agreements , but that says nothing about their quality . 
  you can have ftas with any country as long as you give in to their demands . 
  the number alone tells us nothing of the quality -- we can assume that swiss representatives agreed when they felt they had the best possible result , but that does n't mean it 's the best possible result for the eu . 
  yes , perhaps they are better , perhaps they are worse . 
  i see the argument being that the uk can agree something that specifically suits the uk ( rather than being in the interests of the eu as a whole , which might not be the same as the interests of the uk ) and do it quickly . 
  inside the eu we ca n't do that . 
  there are costs as well as benefits to this , but you have not convinced me that the costs outweigh the benefits . 
   representatives from the us , from japan , from australia , from many places have made it clear that they 'd rather have britain in the eu than out . 
  there is absolutely no reason to assume that britain would get any better deal from them after they 've explicitly said they do n't want britain to go at it alone . 
  yes , and what the uk should do is what is in the uk 's interests , not the interests of japan , australia and the us , none of whom are ( conveniently for them ) in the eu themselves . 
  i think the idea that these countries are somehow not going to want to trade with an independent uk or have worse relations with a brexited uk somewhat odd . 
   i ca n't believe you are on the one hand decrying red tape and then demand britain to introduce more : one set of regulations for intra-uk businesses , one for uk-eu businesses , one for uk-us businesses , and so on . 
  the eu 's economy is big enough , when it sets a standard , many others follow . 
  the british economy on its own will just have to follow whoever it wants or needs to to business with . 
  a brexit would just be counter-productive in that regard . 
  the uk already has to follow standards of other economies when we trade with them , whether they be standards set by the eu , the us , china or russia . 
  this is the case whether or not we are in the eu . 
  however , what the uk can do is remove red-tape by getting rid of a lot these standards for our own internal trade . 
  there is no reason why the regulatory burden will increase . 
   finally , you can of course be interested in the opinion of whoever you want to be . 
  i just thought you want to make fact-based decisions and not base them on the comparably uninformed opinions of an elusive electorate that believes its country to be oh-so-independent when it really is n't . 
  it is a fact that switzerland and norway , outside the eu , have to comply with certain amounts of eu legislation without influcence and this is not a fact i deny . 
  however , you can not conclude from this single fact that switzerland and norway are worse off outside than inside as there are ( obviously ) other relevant factors , many of which can not be measured easily or are subjective . 
  that 's why the opinions of the electorate matter in this question . 
  the position for a brexited uk is up for negotiation and there is no reason why the uk can not get a better deal than it currently has . 
  remember that what constitutes a better deal is ultimately a question for the electorate . 
  finally , you might recall that some months ago i asked you , as a federalist , what you would choose , faced with the choice between ( 1 ) a federal eu , without the uk , or ( 2 ) a divided and difficult eu , with the uk in it , which is the one we currently have . 
  you did n't want to make that choice . 
  is n't it time , and particularly after seeing how the brits have just voted , that you now accept that your goal of a federal eu with the uk in it is not possible ? 
  does n't it make more sense for you and i to join forces and together campaign for a brexit ? 
  this is the only way you will achieve your goal of a federal eu . 
  it strikes me that our interests are aligned .
