  interesting times . 
  eur1 .2 trillion from the european tax payer ? 
  hopefully the uk opts out of this one ... 
  uk : - `` the sticks '' - `` the back of beyond '' - `` north of watford '' ( this last one is a kind of joke as waford is only just north of london . 
  to londoners , oftentimes the whole of the rest of the uk is sometimes seen as provincial . ), 
  yes , but i 'm not sure if the analogy with the uk works , given that the constitutional arrangements and laws are different . 
  in the eu , the starting point is article 17 ( 7 ) of the teu , which requires taking into account the elections . 
  if this were meant to mean that the spitzenkandidat of the largest party were to be nominated by the council , then the treaty ought to say that . 
  but it does n't . 
  the fact that a voting process is envisaged among the council members implies that they do n't all have to vote the same way . 
  i find it odd that you are criticising a british pm for responding to how brits voted . 
  is n't this something he should be doing ? 
  as for treaty change , yes , it is regrettable that it is very unclear , but this is n't really cameron 's fault . 
  what cameron is doing is consistent with the treaty . 
  so sweden and the netherlands have capitulated / been bought off ? 
  typical . 
  you can never trust europeans ... oh well - fog in the channel , continent cut off . 
  splendid isolation . 
  keep calm and carry on . 
  the materiality threshold for disclosure in eu prospectuses is not significantly different from the usa materiality threshold . 
  take a look at article 5 ( 1 ) of the prospectus directive . 
  the ability to sue in the uk and the usa are unsurprisingly very similar , what with the two countries having very similar legal systems . 
  you 're right that it is harder to sue in civil law jurisdictions , but that is not really london 's fault , is it ? 
  most derivatives are n't listed either in the us or the eu . 
  for the listing of stocks , there are a range of considerations : investor base , jurisdiction of issuer , issuer sector and so forth . 
  for example , energy/mineral companies come to london while technology companies go to new york . 
  a strong single eu regulator is n't necessarily what london needs . 
  good regulation is required , rather than simply strong regulation :-), 
  i think the lib dems would definitely have gone down the renzi/hollande route of concessions in exchange for support . 
  it is harder to say with labour , there are real eusceptics in the labour party and i think it would have been hard for them to support a centre-right politician . 
  but , i ca n't really think about politics outside the context of elections and the views of voters - the two things are too connected in my mind !, 
   he even said `` london is an old boys club if one ever existed . '', 
  i think you should get a job in the city to find out if this is true . 
  it really is n't true . 
  there are people working in the city from all over the world and from all backgrounds . 
  it is very meritocratic and getting more so . 
  the old boys network died out in the 90s . 
   europe has thresholds that allow a company to avoid disclosure for an issuance . 
  so companies simply structure each offering so they effectively have to disclose very little or nothing material at all . 
  this really is n't true . 
  europe has thresholds for disclosure for issuances , but not for listing securites on a regulated market . 
  so , generally , there is no way round the rules and most offerings get full disclosure . 
   sec rules aside there is an incentive to over-disclose in the us because shareholders have the right to sue an issuer if they make a material misstatement or material omission . 
  this is not the case in europe , and even less now with these new watered down rules . 
  this is not true . 
  for example , in the uk there is a right to sue for misrepresentation or negligent mistatement under the common law as well as various statutory causes of action . 
  there are rights to sue across the eu . 
   so , who of the top candidates would have been accepted by britain ? 
  cameron would have voted against any of the spitzenkandidaten . 
  of all of them , his preferred choice is likely juncker . 
  cameron would have preferred someone like thorning-schmidt or perhaps lagarde . 
   if they were still in the epp the conservatives could have had a say over who their candidate would be or whether the epp would even participate in the spitzenkandidat system . 
  while this is technically correct , the conservatives would have likely lost both battles . 
  i do n't see the conservatives being able to persuade the rest of the epp not to participate in the spitzenkandidat system . 
  also , given how ideologically opposed to federalism the conservatives are , in my mind it would have been very hypocritical to have stayed in the epp . 
  it might also not have been possible : the parliamentary conservative party would eventually had a gigantic row about it . 
   how did he get 0.2 % if the uk does n't have have any epp representation ? 
  [ the uk does have a new political party called 4 freedoms , which wants epp affiliation and stood in london . ] ( http://www.4freedomsparty.eu/ ) . 
  they got 0.2 % of the vote . 
  they were also top of the ballot paper in london , with the logo `` ukepp '' by their name . 
  a bit confusing with another uk party with a similar sounding name but a different political message , no ?!, 
   i 'm honestly staggered . 
  i 'm guessing you are new here . 
   upvote for honesty !, 
  thanks . 
   i am a avid supporter of the principles of the eu and the uk staying in it and strenghten it . 
  i understand this position , but i think it is starting to become somewhat unrealistic . 
  it is starting to look like there are two possibilities : ( 1 ) a looser , more flexible eu with the uk in it , or the uk having further opt-outs and a permanent `` special status '' within the eu ; or ( 2 ) an eu moving towards federalism , but with the uk outside it . 
  which of these choices do you prefer ? 
   why is cameron anti-junker ? 
  cameron is anti-juncker both as a matter of principle and as a matter of politics . 
  as a matter of principle , cameron is anti-juncker because : - cameron 's vision of the eu is a loose , flexible , accommodating eu , in which powers can move back from the institutions to the member states . 
  juncker 's vision of the eu is an `` ever closer union '' one , in which the eu gets more powers , moving towards federalism . 
  thus , they are ideologically opposed . 
  - cameron also believes , as a matter of principle , that the council has more democratic legitimacy than juncker . 
  he believes that national governments are elected by a greater turn-out , that very few people in the eu electorate had heard of juncker and that most people voted on national issues . 
  cameron is also anti-juncker as a matter of politics : - given that way the uk voted , with ukip topping the poll and cameron facing national elections in a year , he has no option but to oppose a federalist commission president . 
  - within the tory party , cameron is not very popular and many conservative mps are extremely eu-sceptic . 
  in the tory party , cameron is seen as very pro-eu . 
  the tory party 's own internal rules allow them to call leadership elections very easily and they have a history of destroying their leaders over europe . 
  if cameron were to support juncker , there is a chance that either the tory party get rid of him or cause him a huge amount of grief . 
  - last time cameron said a big `` no '' to europe , cameron 's poll ratings got a big boost . 
  saying no to europe makes cameron 's chance of re-election higher . 
   why do you think voting ukip for the ep increases rather than decreases the likelihood of a brexit ? 
  - voting ukip is all about keeping the tories , labour and the lib dems honest . 
  they are forced to change their own positions on the eu . 
  for example , there are now calls by lib dem mps to match the conservative pledge for a referendum . 
  labour are starting to move towards that position too . 
  - voting ukip also makes the rest of the eu be annoyed by the uk and start to lose confidence in the long term future of the uk in the eu . 
  this makes reuers start to resent the uk and it becomes politically acceptable ( and even advisable ) for mainstream european politicians to start calling for a brexit and less willing to compromise with the uk . 
  this then becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy with the uk becoming more and more isolated . 
  nobody thinks that divorce is going to be a good experience for us . 
  it will definitely be painful . 
  but in the end it is better than a loveless marriage . 
   shit like the astrazeneca law this is n't something that makes any difference to `` stagnation '' in france though , is it ? 
   deeper eu integration , with services sector for instance . 
  are you talking about anything specific ? 
  the uk ( having a large services sector ) , stands to gain more than the rest of the eu in completing the single market for services [ and has pushed for it harder than anyone ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/uk-europe/uk-report-calls-europe-single-ma-news-529519 ) . 
  this has been for a long while one of the [ key reforms that cameron wants to make in the eu ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/jan/23/david-cameron-eu-speech-referendum ) . 
   fn is not a result of federalism , but economic stagnation which was helped by uk and their opposition to everything .
