   they are n't likely to ever win a majority again as things stand . 
  they are probably fucked either way , but they will be even more fucked by doing a deal with the snp . 
  their best hope is that lab seats + libdem seats  con seats , allowing a liblab pact of some sort , even if not a majority . 
   is it ok to make up bullshit stories because lel its not about truth ? 
  or lie about an event because hurrr all journalism is biased ? 
  no , it is not okay to make up information . 
  however , journalism , like history , is not just about information , but is also about opinion and these two things can not really be completely separated . 
  a journalist needs to decide which information is important and which is n't . 
  a journalist needs to decide which causes are most important in relation to particular events , and consider what the consequences might be . 
  this exercise , by definition involves argument and opinion . 
   labour will cut a deal with the snp . 
  i think they wo n't . 
  i do n't think this deal is really in the interests of the labour party . 
  it looks like the labour party has lost scotland . 
  they wo n't want to risk losing england . 
   why is labour/tory outside possibility ? 
  the entire uk constitution and parliamentary system ( outside of war time ) depends on oppositional and adversarial politics . 
  the concept of `` her majesty 's loyal opposition '' has been around for about 200 years in uk politics . 
  i do n't think we 'd be able to do a grand coalition , german/italian/dutch style !, 
   or it could be the next germany , which means that the labour party died last night . 
  yes , this is a sound observation . 
  the labour vote is a weak vote , differently from the conservative vote . 
  the way that labour voters in scotland ( labour 's traditional heart-land ) have abandoned the labour party with such speed shows the difficulties that the labour party have . 
  ukip is already eating into the ukip vote in england and wales , with considerable success . 
  farage 's main aim in the coming years will be to attack labour in the north of england . 
  the only place where the labour party are doing really well is london . 
  labour are fighting a war on just too many fronts : against conservatives , ukip , libdems , snp , green and pc . 
  all of these parties can eat into the labour vote . 
  no other party in the uk has the same number of battles to fight . 
  labour in the uk are also experiencing the same intellectual difficulties that many of its sister parties in europe are facing . 
  at a time that the electorate believe in austerity , what is the point of the labour party ? 
  at a time when the conservatives have more people working in the uk than ever before , what is the point of the labour party ? 
  it is n't giving scotland far too much power . 
  it is giving scotland the right amount of power . 
  scotland has 59/650 seats , which reflects scotland 's population size . 
  arguably fptp will give the snp a lot of power . 
  but the snp is not the same thing as scotland . 
  many people in scotland will not be voting for the snp . 
   i was at an nus conference a number of years ago and there was a session specifically for bme people . 
  i went for a coffee instead , and slept like a baby that evening . 
  we value expertise in many regards . 
  we expect engineers to design better bridges than we could . 
  we expect surgeons to transplant organs better than we could . 
  what is so outrageous about expecting people who are victims of racism to have a greater understanding of racism than people who are n't ? 
  problems of racism are best solved by the joint efforts of people of every colour . 
  to try and address problems of racism by segregating people , even within a discussion , according to colour is potentially harmful on multiple levels . 
  it emphasises division on the basis of colour . 
  it indicates that racism can only ever be one-directional . 
  most harmfully , it indicates that bme people should not involve white people in combatting racism ( which is misguided ) . 
  it also indicates that white people would be unable to participate sensibly and maturely , knowing when to speak and when to listen , in a discussion about racism , which is obviously not true . 
   good journalism tries to show the truth , not just the truth that supports their narrative . 
  there is no `` truth '' when it comes to which party british people should vote for . 
  it is a matter of opinion and values . 
  to pretend that this is a question of truth is dishonest . 
   if the pro-european vote wins , which i firmly believe will , it would give the government the mandate to get more engaged with the eu . 
  no , it would n't . 
  journalism has never been neutral and never should try and be neutral . 
  a plurality of ideas and opinions is what i , as a consumer of journalism , want to consume . 
   this surprises me . 
  with a pr system ukip would get huge numbers of seats and you could probably get the brexit you want . 
  the least good reason for a change in an election system is to suit a particular party . 
  i am in favour of fptp as a matter of principle . 
  the fact that it does n't suit the party i will likely vote for does n't change that principle . 
   it does n't mean they ca n't make good governmental subdivisions though . 
  the way i look at it , if england were and independent nation then there would still be a desire for greater devolution . 
  while there might be some appetite for some devolution within england ( e.g. 
  london assembly , some elected mayors , potentially more beefed up powers for local councils ) i do n't think there is an appetite for any parliament other than an english parliaments . 
  i would be very against there being separate parliaments for somewhat artificial english regions . 
  i do n't think it really is a desire for parity of treatment with the other home nations , i think it is a desire for the parliament to be at the level of the idenity of the people . 
   the main objective of europe is to end the milleniums of wars by strongly uniting all our nations . 
  this is not a cost but a fair price to pay . 
  there is no relationship whatsoever between ending war in europe and the eu parliament meeting every fourth week in strasbourg . 
   i was simply making the comparison that your argument against italy being in the euro ( not germany ) was as logical as my argument for germany being in the euro . 
  no , these two things are not equally logical . 
  the eurozone has one monetary policy , one mandate for very different economies . 
  this monetary policy and mandate suits some economies better than others . 
  it suits the german economy better than it suits the italian economy . 
   the euro is undervalued in germany and as a result german firms are able to take advantage of this since they can easily sell their goods at lower prices , increasing their competitiveness . 
  germany had not difficulty exporting with the dmark prior to joining the euro and it had no difficulty exporting within the euro at various times that the euro has been valued very highly against a basket of currencies . 
   so by that same logic saying `` being in the euro is good for the german economy '' would be a valid argument for being in the euro . 
  ( not that i want to join the euro , i just think your arguments are silly ) . 
  no , i have not argued that being in the euro is good for the german economy . 
  the german economy would do as well as it currently does without the euro - just as it always did in the past with the dmark . 
  the german economy will do fine with or without the euro . 
  i have argued that being in the euro is bad for the italian economy . 
   germany 's successes are hugely connected to the euro germany was successful before the euro . 
  germany would be successful with whatever currency it had . 
  the euro is essentially modelled on the dmark , so it is unsurprising that germany does well with the euro . 
  my argument is not that italy is anti-eu , it is that being in the euro is bad for the italian economy . 
  italy 's problems are hugely connected to the euro . 
  you are in a currency which is too strong for you . 
  the uk would be insane to give up more sovereignty . 
  maintaining sovereignty gives more chances at prosperity . 
  look at italy with the euro . 
   right is what works best and is achievable under current conditions . 
  wrong is everything else . 
  not in terms of how people want to be governed . 
  if the people of england want an english parliament it does n't make sense to just call them wrong . 
  this is about as insane as an english person saying that the people of scotland are wrong to want a scottish parliament . 
   if they choose anything other than regional assemblies , they 're wrong .
