  if the eu decides to be protectionist , the people that will suffer will be eu citizens and eu companies . 
   leaving the eu & free market will mean the banks will send their personnal & currency accounts abroad because they wo n't be able to do banking from the uk anymore . 
  london is a global financial centre . 
  there is no such thing as european finance , there is only global finance . 
  the key to this is the uk being open and outside the eu the uk can be even more open . 
  just because the eu wants to cut itself off from a global financial centre , this does not mean that the uk should not continue to put in place rational , open policies , being open to the entire globe . 
   which means the pound will crash brutally to like 0.9 $ in a couple months . 
  do you want to actually bet on this ? 
  i am happy to bet with you . 
  name your amount and put your money where your mouth is . 
  the uk wants to have a floating currency . 
  that is why we stayed out of the euro , so our currency can rise and fall . 
  weirdly france does not want to be in control of its own currency . 
   it 's like you are self imposing the sanctions on russia but on yourself . 
  no , this is nothing like sanctions . 
  i am saying that the uk should reduce tariffs , because i believe in free trade . 
  this will benefit uk consumers , because they will have more choice and cheaper products . 
  uk economy is doing great and growing well with low unemployment !, 
  ( hopefully france elects fillon , a thatcherite , so france can also do great too . ), 
   i think i 'll just sit and watch and let that one play out , if you do n't mind . 
  it will be interesting watching the behaviour of french farmers if your government tried to stop them exporting to the uk , 
   brain drain could easily be the downside in the long term . 
  brain drain is potentially a downside , but currently the uk is one of the countries in europe that needs to worry about this the least . 
  if the uk economy holds up and the uk has an immigration policy aimed at attracting global talent , uk should not need to worry about this ( things like language , world leading universities etc will give uk advantages ) . 
   i see unsourced latently europhobic chest-thumping . 
  which bit was europhobic ? 
   but if other countries decide to use maximal wto tariffs ( 23 % ? ), 
  on you ( that is to let cargo leave their country toward england ) there is little you can do about it without an agreement ... 
  i 'm not sure if you fully understand the concept of tariffs . 
  they relate to imports and not exports . 
  there is no country in the world that puts tariffs on their own exports . 
   if you think you still control the entire world , there 's gon na be another dose of reality that is going to hit soon . 
  of course i 'm sure the queen 's reach is still very impressive , but that probably does n't extend to `` force everyone to apply 0 % tariffs on everything '' i am talking about tariffs that the uk puts on imports into the uk . 
  if the uk wants to reduce these to zero , it can . 
  that is one of the advantages of being an independent country and why i voted for brexit . 
  ( inside the eu , the uk can not unilaterally reduce tariffs . ), 
  you do n't currently know how much the cost of this citizenship is. , so it seems a bit premature of you to be precise in comparing it to other costs , which are also fluctuating . 
  but , basically i am agreeing with you . 
  from the uk 's position as a whole there are basically no downsides . 
   even if you manage to guilt trip the morronic french leaders into giving you a free trade agreement because they 're afraid to see you starve , i do n't think the rest of the world will follow . 
  hillary might have had , but now with trump and hostile powers around , you 're going to be awoken rudely abroad i 'm afraid :( the decision over whether to put tariffs on agricultural products and food that the uk imports will be a decision for the uk . 
  if we want to put zero per cent tariffs on food and agricultural product imports , we can do that without the agreement of trump or the moronic french leaders you speak of . 
  we do n't need an agreement . 
  we just unilaterally put tariffs at zero . 
  ( that is an advantage of leaving the eu , we can leave the customs union and reduce tariffs unilaterally . ), 
   you are benefiting of eu help to negociate lower tariffs from abroad , if you leave the eu you risk loosing the coverage automatic of our trade agreements with other countries ( except potentially if you stay in the eea and we stretch the law ) i am talking about uk imports . 
   well this is the problem with our policy making generally at the moment . 
  it is not uk policy . 
  it is not the uk 's idea or anything to do with uk policy . 
  it is a proposed eu policy . 
   from my perspective as someone working in the eu who is n't going to be on the end of price rises and stagnating wages this would actually mean that i 'd have to put my hands up as a remain voter and say that , for me personally , brexit had literally no downsides if you wanted eu citizenship , you would be paying a fee . 
  that is a downside presumably . 
  this strikes me as a good policy from the uk 's perspective . 
  i ca n't see any downside . 
  the british people were the ones that did not trust eu democracy . 
  the british governments over the years gave increasing powers to the eu . 
  when the british government finally checked with the british people , we told them it was not acceptable . 
  what do you mean `` take back control '' ? 
  only allow newspapers that approve of the eu ? 
  i did n't say that the euro was to blame , the problem is the lack of fiscal union . 
  in both the u.s. and the uk there is a fiscal union and disparity in wealth is less than disparity in wealth in the eurozone . 
  and crucially there are n't parts of the uk where there are vast differences of unemployment levels and so forth . 
  the fact that people do n't know about the eu is an indication of it not functioning democratically . 
  it was the right choice for people who do not want to outsource democracy to a body which does not function democratically . 
  it is a significant enough problem for a common currency without a fiscal union to be unstable . 
  with brexit , the right choice was leave . 
  there is also a north south divide in the eu . 
  which services are you talking about exactly ? 
  the uk will tax the companies it is currently taxing !, 
  look at the way so many companies have confirmed they are staying in the uk or increasing investment here - facebook , jlr , nissan , google etc. 
  the uk is still going to be a great place to do business . 
  i do n't particularly want the uk to prioritise financial services trade with the eu , but instead aim to be even more of a global power house in financial services . 
  the key is for the uk to be in control of its own legislation and open to the rest of the globe in terms of market access it gives the rest of the globe . 
  think singapore . 
  ukip got less than 4 million votes in the last general election ( 12 per cent ) . 
  compared to populist parties in many eu countries , that is a small amount . 
  if you define wanting to leave the eu as `` fringe '' that seems strange . 
  in the uk it is the majority position and the position of the uk government . 
  no , prices will fall . 
  the french food we import will have no tariffs on it . 
  but , crucially , we can reduce tariffs on agricultural produce from the rest of the world to zero . 
  the rest of the world produces food cheaper than france ... current global food prices are lower than food prices in the uk . 
  actually , there are n't many fringe voters in the uk , it is still the case that a lot of people vote for the main westminster parties . 
  yes , i prefer efta only . 
  prices will be cheaper in the uk without subsidies or tariffs . 
  there is n't an economy crisis in the uk . 
  personally i like high immigration in the uk , but staying in the eea would be crazy ... 
  uk is a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  also , i do n't agree with the uk taxpayer subsidising farmers . 
  they can become profitable or do something different . 
  this, 
  great , let 's sign . 
  nice to do business with you . 
  uk companies wo n't have to comply with eu rules . 
  they will operate under the law of the uk . 
  the only uk businesses that will have to comply with eu law are those that export to the eu and then only in relation to their eu exports . 
  i do n't want the uk taxpayer to have to subsidise uk companies . 
  i do n't care what eu law says about this . 
  i agree it is not the deal my government wants . 
  it is the deal i personally think is best for the uk .
