  yes , no question about it . 
  it seems that the french terrorist units have officially opened a terrorism investigation ... 
  an individual in his thirties known by the intelligence survices has been arrested . 
  and lepen just gained some more votes ... 
  this is extremely unlikely . 
  people paid far more attention to the general election . 
  i 'd be surprised with a turnout above 60 % . 
   for once we agree . 
  on the migrants issue , it seems that almost every country in the eu now agrees with the uk . 
  this is going to increase euscepticism in italy even further . 
  interesting times . 
  correct . 
  i am foaming at the mouth . 
  will definitely be voting for brexit . 
  ;-) i expect a lot of lazy euphiles to stay at home . 
  there are no mandatory quotas , so effectively this is not a binding agreement , but a mere `` agreement to agree '' . 
  this is totally unenforceable . 
  effectively each state is agreeing that the other states should accept migrants . 
  look at switzerland . 
  or new zealand . 
  or south korea . 
  if they can maintain national democracy , how much more so can the uk . 
   the legal base of their presence will be gone then . 
  are you going to introduce a grandfathered category of privileged immigrants , who inherit the right to enter the uk ? 
  in an ideal scenario , everyone who has moved to the uk prior to brexit will have their rights grandfathered . 
  everyone subsequent can be treated like the rest of the world ( other than the irish ) . 
  this is not drastic . 
  this is normal . 
  no , staying in the eu , a project aimed at ever closer union and a european state , is drastic . 
  this is very uncertain for the future and businesses . 
  look at greece . 
   oh , it 's the `` national democracy '' this time . 
  promising people vague notions like `` more democracy '' and `` more sovereignty '' is the exact kind of grand but ultimately bullshit reasons that i was talking about . 
  please , try and adopt a more polite tone . 
  i have always made the point about national democracy . 
  the eu can not function well as a democracy . 
  there is no demos . 
  there is no shared identity . 
  there is no shared media . 
  there is no desire to make the changes necessary for the eurozone to work . 
  legislation from the eu is necessarily and inevitably poor , costing british households huge amounts . 
  the uk will be fine outside the reu . 
  the reu will likely collapse once the uk leaves anyway . 
   and why would a trend that 's only true for a couple of years be a good reason to base the policies of the next half century on ? 
  this is not the reason to want out of the eu . 
  the reason to want out of the eu is to restore national democracy . 
  getting control of immigration policy is just an added advantage . 
  separately , if you look closely at the numbers , the trend is not just a few years old . 
  since the a8 accession the trend has been extraordinary . 
   so you want to change migration policies drastically , but expect that everything stays the same ? 
  control of borders is not drastic . 
  and i am not expecting everything to stay the same . 
  but the idea that reu nationals would be forced to leave the uk and vice versa is scare mongering . 
  nobody thinks this is the case . 
  nobody is arguing it . 
  when you say `` sticking with the nutjobs '' and `` distance yourself '' what do you mean ? 
  i 'm not a member of ukip . 
  in terms of voting i will keep voting by whichever means is best to ensure a brexit . 
  i 'm not with them and thus i ca n't really distance myself . 
  leaving the eu is not drastic . 
  it is however essential to restore national democracy in the uk . 
   i get the feeling they 're anti-immigration , and that 's all they truly care about . 
  i 'm pro-immigration and i vote ukip . 
  no , this is not true . 
  the vast majority of ukip supporters and representatives are not racists or bigots . 
  what on earth is unreasonable about my posts ? 
  are you seriously suggesting that ukip are far right ? 
   leaving the eu is a rather extreme measure in and of itself . 
  no , this is nonsense . 
  wanting to leave the eu is normal . 
   it 's an old story . 
  we already know putin backs right wing nationalist groups . 
  farage seems to think he 's some sort of footballer `` playing a blinder '' if you remember correctly how much farage thought putin would come out really well from `` not '' invading ukraine and annexing crimea . 
  seriously , dude , read the actual interview and be honest . 
   but there still is something like party discipline in the uk , even though less strict than we see here . 
  the eusceptics in the 1992 parliament were so out of control that they were prepared to destroy the government to ensure it meant staying out of the euro . 
  the eusceptics this time are going to be just as bad , except there are more of them . 
  buy popcorn now . 
   and even influences elections to some extent the media should influence elections . 
  the media are political , not neutral . 
  if the government can curtail media freedom , we will end up with a worse outcome . 
   i still enjoy reading about your view on all of this , even though it is so damn flawed when it comes down to the role of the media in my opinion . 
  many thanks and likewise !, 
   also , would you be so kind as to answer my second question ? 
  sure . 
   and 2 ) that it is n't better for the uk to use the union to have a better position in the trading negotiations ( higher standars etc. ) ? 
  i refer you to my switzerland example . 
  if switzerland can do trade deals without the union , why not the uk ? 
  the uk 's economy is much bigger than switzerland 's . 
  size is not everything . 
  a single country can make trade deals quicker . 
  it can also focus on the things it really cares about ( e.g. 
  nhs in the case of a lot of brits ) and not have to think about the stuff that some other country cares about . 
   i really consider this to be a bit peculiar , as it seems to be detrimental to the uk its very own democracy . 
  well , to throw in a random , but well meant insult : the uk can hardly be seen as a true democracy - as there are roughly two options to choose from in practice , which is one option more than north korea  . 
  the uk is the mother of parliamentary democracies !, 
  separately , i am not sure how well you follow politics in the uk , but within each political party there are a number of factions and parliament has a range of voices on many issues . 
  i also did not vote for one of the two main parties , i voted for ukip . 
   but back to the media : there should at least be some basic media guidelines ( if only self imposed ) with regard to bringing the news . 
  i think the media do have some of their own guidelines , but frankly i do n't really care about it .
