  there are plenty of people that want scotland to be a separate country . 
  i do n't know anybody that thinks it already is . 
  how would such a view be possible ?!, 
  i have no idea what point / r/luages is making . 
   the bbc does n't think we are a country . 
  they are correct here though , are n't they ? 
  this is what everyone thinks , not just the bbc . 
  scotland is a nation within the uk , rather than a separate country . 
  once you separate officially the bbc ( and everyone else in the world ) will consider you a separate country . 
  no , wales was never really an independent state in the same way that venice was . 
  wales never operated as a unified distinct entity separate from england . 
  i agree - britain massively misjudged ireland 's independence movement and made terrible mistakes after having midjudged ireland for centuries !, 
  the one thing in my mind that britain did get right was [ to legislate for ireland not to be a foreign country ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/geo6/12-13-14/41 ) which has some interesting implications even today . 
  however , on a more positive note britain i agree think did learn from those mistakes and ( as someone who has two irish grandparents ) it does please me that british/irish relations are probably now at an all time high . 
   independence movements rarely look on the laws and constitution of the country they 're trying to break away from with any serious regard . 
  it does n't really matter if a constitution does n't allow for a breakaway , those separatists wont see it as applicable given that they want to be independent of that same constitution . 
  scotland have been keen to secede legally and with regard to the ( admittedly very flexible ) constitution of the uk . 
  i suppose this is somewhat the exception though . 
  the uk 's relaxed and pramatic attitude to constitutional evolution ( in which dramatic constututional change can be effected by straightforward and speedy primarly legislation ) is the anomaly here i think . 
  it would n't really occur to anyone in the uk to try and use a legal or constitutional argument against the right of scotland to independence : but this is only really because we do n't have a written constitution with superior legal status . 
  in spain it seems like the legal and constitutional arguments against catalan independence are primary and presented as insurmountable and these legal arguments are likely to run and run . 
  the william and kate show has basically put back the cause of australian republicanism by another generation or so ... 
   really the country which is handling this best is the united kingdom , but as a american citizen , i do n't want to see our closest ally in europe and one of the largest member-states in the european union to be shattered , as it would be determinable to our own interests , but i do understand and respect the way they 're going about it in some ways the uk 's attitude to the scottish question might be the most successful in the long term . 
  by the uk offering scotland a legal process to independence , the scottish romantic desire for independence , which is in part based on the idea that they are not allowed independence , vanishes . 
  the attitude of spain to catalan independence i think does the opposite . 
  it makes catalans want independence all the more . 
  where in europe is doing better other than , say , switzerland , luxembourg , lichtenstein and norway ? 
  [ you can see the polling here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_independence_referendum,_2014#opinion_polling ) . 
  better together have been consistently comfortably ahead . 
   i can also see that the reforms are n't working . 
  i think it is a bit early to say this . 
  reforms take a long time to work . 
   you can reform the laws , but you ca n't become germany . 
  cyprus can not become a heavy industry hub , no matter how we try . 
  yeah , the uk also ca n't really become like germany either . 
  we 're good at services , not manufacturing . 
  the polls are also indicating that scotland does n't vote to secede . 
   currently , the south of europe is reconstructing their job market according to european mandates ( and we ca n't deny that germany is probably the sole strong voice in eu right now ) . 
  and in those countries , where the `` we must be able to compete with china , that 's why we do such and such reform '' is explicitly used , living standards are in a free fall . 
  the south of europe did chose to enter into a currency union with germany . 
  unfortunately , the south of europe now has a choice : reform to become as efficient as germany or face permanent high unemployment and low economic growth . 
  living standards might be in freefall in southern europe , but this is more or less what you signed up to when you joined a currency union with a nation that has a much more efficient economy than yours . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't speak german unfortunately . 
  i expect that the relevant sectors are low-skilled service sector jobs , like hotels , cleaning , restaurants etc. 
  unfortunately , even if germany puts in place a minimum wage , unit labour costs in germany will still be much lower than most of the rest of europe in key sectors such as manufacturing ( where germans are n't paid less than the rest of europe ) . 
  there really is n't much germany can do about this . 
  the responsibility is on the rest of europe to become as efficient as germany . 
   but how else are we going to compete with china , if we do n't let our living standards decline to levels we have n't seen since last century ? 
  living standards in germany are n't declining though , are they ? 
   wages under 5 $ per hour are n't uncommon in some sectors . 
  which sectors ? 
  any sources ? 
  also , how does this compare with elsewhere in europe ? 
  germany also has very low unemployment figures . 
  there is a risk that putting up wages will also impact employment figures . 
   at the moment most people are harmed by this . 
  in germany people have to work for wages that are too low to sustain themselves , in the rest of europe the economy is going down the drain . 
  i do n't think germans are really harmed by their low labour costs . 
  their low labour costs mostly reflect high german productivity rather than low german wages . 
  what germany is doing is working . 
  it makes sense for the rest of europe to copy germany rather than germany to copy the rest of europe . 
   on the other hand , you can argue that it encourages foreign travel we 're talking about the fiscal pact , not the euro here . 
   ( no more swapping out your money for euros if you want to hop over to poland or wherever ) poland is n't in the euro . 
   and also encourages businesses . 
  businesses are doing fine in places outside the fiscal compact zone and the eurozone . 
   obviously not , given the slap denmark recently got on the same issue . 
  [ citation needed ] . 
  is what denmark did exactly the same ? 
  or are there legal differences ? 
   you 're meant to treat eu citizens as if they were your own citizens . 
  it is actually somewhat more complex than that and there are a number of exceptions / detailed provisions which allow you to treat your own citizens differently . 
  i would expect that what the german government are proposing here would be in compliance with eu law . 
  society already has expectations about welfare abuse and it already takes up newpaper column inches . 
  the governement needs to consider that this is already a political issue ( and will continue to be one , whether or not they enact legislation related to it ) and will have implications in future elections . 
  i actually do n't think that the government 's proposed legislative programme here , is going to significantly impact the press coverage that this issue has ( other than in the very rarefied world of / r/europe , where it will be debated ad nauseam ) . 
   eh , i 'm a bit skeptical , evidence based approach to political policy is hardly popular , i think most politicians rather 'd do what 's popular than what 's effective . 
  or perhaps it does n't even occur to them that their policy of choice may not be particulary effective and that such things can be measured empirically . 
  this is really the fundamental problem of a democracy though i suppose . 
  a government , in addition to doing what evidence might suggest is good for people , must also consider what the people actually want . 
  and sometimes these two things will conflict . 
  anyway , i agree with you that the cost of these measures should certainly be taken into consideration and i would hope that they are being taken into consideration by the current german government . 
   so . . what about non-eu citizens doing the same thing ? 
  non eu citizens do n't get the same benefits in the first place . 
  so it is much harder for them to abuse those benefits . 
   it 's just that talking about an unimportant issue gets rid of space in the public sphere for talking about an important one . 
  i think there is plenty of space in the public sphere for the goverment to have a full political programme of reform / change across every government department . 
  it does n't really sound like you and i have a real difference of opinion here . 
  i agree with you that national energy grid updates are much more important that a discussion of welfare waste . 
  i think we just have different opinions about what the german state , when functioning efficiently , is capable of . 
   why would you exchange `` eu immigrants '' with `` jews '' ? 
  i expect you would usually do this if you wanted to discredit someone or imply that someone was a nazi or to try and end a legitimate debate . 
  i agree that germany need to think seriously about energy and get serious about it pronto . 
  however , i have huge admiration for germany and germans . 
  i think controlling welfare abuses and getting serious about energy are n't `` either / or '' choices . 
  in my view germany can do both these things at once . 
   the problem is germany prepares tighter controls towards immigrants . 
  it 's like increasing controls on jewish run shops even though statistics show that they are more compliant then others , but `` all abuses should be controlled '' . 
  it is very different from controls on jewish run shops . 
  distinction by the state based on ethnicity is always immoral .
