  i disagree , i think it will be good for both sides . 
  i do n't think that the eu will ever be able to properly federalise while the uk stays a member . 
  the uk , outside the eu , will get back control over its borders and legislation . 
  obviously , the eu and the uk will retain close ties and trade . 
  no , this is not true . 
  i 've travelled widely all round the world . 
  most chinese people know that sweden and germany are totally different countries . 
  they are seen very differently from us states . 
  only very uneducated people might not have heard that sweden and germany are different countries . 
  it is crazy to blame the worldwide financial crisis on margaret thatcher . 
  you do realise she left power in 1990 , do n't you ? 
  how many different governments in how many different countries were in power between the financial crisis and thatcher leaving office ? 
  do n't you think that the third term of a labour government has more blame in the uk ? 
  also , people in britain are mostly not feeling that pinched , compared to southern and eastern europe , where the economic situation is much worse . 
  yes , of course . 
  jobs are partly created by new migrants moving from the eu to the uk . 
  they are also partly created because the uk 's economy is doing well and the current government has got public finances more under control and reduced corporate taxes . 
  both factors are relevant . 
  it 's not sad at all . 
  it is good for the uk as we will get sovereignty back . 
  it is good for the rest of the eu , who will be able to integrate and federalise at a faster pace . 
  everyone is a winner . 
  farage has n't borrowed any expenses . 
  he gets an allowance , same as every other mep . 
  incredibly , meps are not required to provide any invoice or receipts . 
  the article you cite does n't claim that only 9 % of laws made in britain are from the eu . 
  it specifically states that it hard to give any figure . 
  edit - i see you have now edited your post , to include the word `` about '' . 
  it would be helpful to show these edits . 
  we 're not jobless at all . 
  employment in britain is at a record high and thousands of new jobs are created every week . 
  that 's why so many eu migrants move to the uk every week . 
  i hear you . 
  for me as well , europe is `` the continent '' . 
  pet political projects come and go , but the continent remains at a comfortable distance . 
  really ? 
  i think people do give a shit . 
  nobody thinks that germany and sweden are the same . 
  there are many europeans that respect farage and appreciate his ideology . 
  many europeans would like to be able to vote for ukip . 
  i 'm not sure we 're going to ever get to a stage in which there will be a europe-wide standard . 
  i do n't think the member states would ever hand over something like professional standards ( and also education ) to the eu . 
  certainly , the uk would never hand this over . 
  i think it is probably a case of making the transfer test somewhat harder . 
  you ca n't make an overseas doctor take the same exams as a british doctor has taken over six years . 
  i think it is a bit more complicated than that . 
  british doctors go through six years of exams . 
  making overseas doctors go through the same exams , when they have already passed equivalent exams in their home jurisdictions , strikes me as overkill . 
  it also contrary to the principle of free movement of workers , in which qualifications are to be mutually recognised . 
  multipolar world ? 
  otherwise known as the pax brittanica :-), 
  thanks , i almost feel sorry for the poor liberals . 
  3 per cent is the threshold for entry into the ep for germany , right ? 
  i suppose you 're right : however imperfect internet debating might be , it is better than no debating at all . 
  incidentally , any predictions for share of the vote in european elections in germany ? 
  i 'd say my views represent mainstream euscepticism in the uk , and that this view is increasingly widespread . 
  perhaps internet forums are not the best way of representing political positions . 
  the uk should also be participating in my mind . 
  i think it really depends on the eusceptic you speak to . 
  as you know , i am strongly eusceptic , but i strongly in favour of ukraine 's self-determination and ukraine playing a full part in the community of liberal , free and democratic nations . 
  if a democratic ukraine wants nato and/or eu membership , then i am supportive of that . 
  certainly , i prefer the influence of the eu than the influence of russia . 
  i would also be in favour of the uk taking a much stronger position on sanctions against russia . 
  that is n't to say that the actions of the eu and the west generally during this crisis have been a lesson in diplomacy and perhaps with the benefit of hindsight we might have done things differently . 
  t'was ever thus . 
  hopefully inflation in the uk does not continue to fall . 
  i think nato would act in a totally different way to russia trying to annex part of poland . 
  i am sure my own country would . 
  as someone from a rich city in a rich country with a good salary , please know that i am very aware that i am extremely fortunate . 
  when i was a student i was `` poor but in a rich country '' , but i know my poverty was unlike real poverty in much of the world . 
  i kind of agree with you . 
  i think it might make sense in the uk to connect receiving benefits with a requirement to learn english ( currently we do n't have this requirement ) but i am not sure if it makes sense in countries where you can participate fully without knowing the local language . 
   true indeed . 
  but at that point , someone may decide that moving to another english speaking country could be just as easy . 
  this makes sense to me . 
  if you do n't have work in netherlands , it would make sense to move to another country where you did have work . 
   ( 1 ) lithuania you are either stupid or you have balls of steel . 
  in my mind lithuania has balls of steel . 
  i also think that lithuania ( and also the other baltics / poland ) are correct to take a hawkish approach to russia right now . 
   ( 2 ) if uk withdraws eu , we are doomed . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  withdrawing from the eu may actually mean that the uk takes a more hawkish approach to russia . 
  it will also mean that the rest of the eu can integrate and federalise at a faster pace . 
  also , we 're just talking about withdrawing from the eu , we 're not able to move the uk into the middle of the atlantic ... we will stay in nato , in the p5 of the unsc , keep the nuclear deterrant , keep spending a lot on our military , keep strong trade and diplomatic relations with the entire free/liberal/democratic world . 
  i partially agree with your analysis . 
  in the uk in particular , and also in the wider anglosphere ( to a lesser extent ) , social interaction is less direct and more `` coded '' than it is in much of continental europe . 
  [ even in a business context , there are a whole series of rules for dialogue that might seem very strange to a non-brit , but reflect certain social stigmas in the uk . ] ( http://www.buzzfeed.com/lukelewis/what-british-people-say-versus-what-they-mean ) . 
  thus , it is true that in the anglosphere , because of social stima and so forth it is not always clear exactly what a brit might be thinking and a poll might not reflect the reality . 
  however , in terms of attitudes towards muslims and jews , i also think there is a bit of a cultural/legal difference between the anglosphere and much of continental europe , that is reflected in ideas of citizenship . 
  in much of the anglosphere , citizenship is related to the pragmatic concept of where a person is born ( jus soli ) while in much of continental europe , citizenship is related to the concept of blood and family , or jus sanguinis . 
  as you mentioned earlier , the us , canada , australia and new zealand are `` immigration/new world nations '' . 
  the uk has also been an immigration nation for longer than most of continental europe , and its immigrants have come from more diverse backgrounds . 
  ( this is one of the reasons why the uk does not have a strong european identity . ), 
  the uk obviously is n't perfect with its immigrants and there is a big ongoing debate about the level of immigration that the uk should have . 
  but in terms of individual dealings with immigrants/enthnic and religious minorities , my sense is that individual brits are very tolerant and pragmatic . 
   yeah , it 's been a while since last visit ... regardless , i 'm pointing out that , among thousand + comments , bbc editors picked those that question official data , exclusively . 
  in my mind this reveals more about the bbc editors , than it does about the uk job market . 
   a food bank charity says it has handed out 913,000 food parcels in the last year , up from 347,000 the year before . 
  i 'm still not really clear what you 're trying to argue here . 
  yes , it is true that more people use food banks in britain than at any time in british history .
