  i think there is quite a chance that attidudes of scots post referendum might be different . 
   well i do n't know how wales and scotland feel . 
  how do they feel about it ? 
  that 's why it is important to have a refendum , to find out . 
   can england get this over with already ? 
  you mean the uk . 
   yeah but is n't it looking like its going to come down to the wire ? 
  could we not have a situation where scotland 55 % against , wales 55 % against , ni 55 % against , england 55 % for a brexit . 
  that would be some sort of mess alright . 
  but sure we 'll wait and see . 
  figures like this would not mean an almighty mess in my mind . 
  there would likely be more varation within nations anyway . 
  we just saw some parts of scotland vote for the uk and others vote for independence and quite a bit of regional variation within scotland . 
   i think my grandad just came but yeah special case goes without saying , i think nearly all cta , good friday agreement and other such roi + uk co-operations criteria are all pretty much built upon the two being members of the eu . 
  it would probably all have to be renegotiated . 
  not to mention ireland not being in the schengen area was negotiated for us by the uk because of the cta . 
  i do n't think the irish are against joining the schengen area . 
  it works for iceland . 
  a brexit would not need to impact the cta though - the cta existed prior to schengen and eu membership . 
  the irish are not against joining schengen in itself , but i think given the choice between cta and schengen , the irish seem to have chosen cta already . 
  i agree that there would have to be specific renegotiations about some ni stuff , but i do n't think anything insurmountable . 
   i 'd say a lot of no voters also voted no because they thought it was their best chance of staying in the eu ( as a part of the uks membership ) do you know anyone who voted no to stay in the eu ? 
  ( they voted in the full knowledge that a brexit is potentially on the cards and that ukip are on the ascendency and that cameron has promised a referendum . ), 
   and some voted because of promises of more powers and its possible they envisioned that a say in the brexit was one of those powers . 
  they do get a say in it . 
  they get a vote . 
  that 's their say . 
  and then they also get the power to elect their own government and if that government wants another referendum they get it . 
  seems fair to me !, 
   i do n't see how voting labour would ever make brexit more likely . 
  they 're pretty adamant about not leaving the eu at all . 
  and this is exactly why a labour government would make a brexit more likely . 
  miliband in downing street would be very unpopular very soon . 
  also , a labour government would mean that cameron would be ditched by the conservatives and they might put in place a real eusceptic instead . 
   got a shiver reading that ... you can bloody well keep them hahaha !, 
  they 're not that bad from a distance ... 
  obviously , everyone in the city is watching for this and waiting for the financial transactions tax talks to collapse . 
  half of me hopes that it will go ahead to see what would happen . 
   this and the greenland/faroe islands precedent seem to be the fairest solutions . 
  personally i do n't think that the greenland solution would really work well in the case of the uk - i can not even being to imagine the legal and political complexity of such a plan . 
  i do n't see how england could leave the eu and scotland stay without splitting up the uk . 
   i think the real interesting thing if popular vote was for brexit but neither scotland , wales or ni wanted out of the eu . 
  currently it does not appear that there are vastly different levels of support for the eu within the uk , though of couse there are some differences . 
  northern ireland is obviously a very special case and obviously has the option of becoming part of the roi in the future , which is something i personally would welcome . 
  however , my feeling about roi is that a large number of people there would prefer to brexit and stay part of the uk rather than becoming part of roi . 
  i do n't see how ni could become part of the eu on its own . 
  scotland has obviously just had a referendum and people that voted in that referendum were already aware that the brexit question was on the cards . 
  i know some people voted `` yes '' simply because they thought it was their best chance of staying in the eu . 
  scotland could of course have their referendum again if there were a brexit , but i think that they would be disinclined to do that . 
  wales is stuck with england . 
  i do n't think they have any other options whatsoever ... 
   by the time we get a referendum at this pace , ukip might be the third party !, 
  ukip is not of itself the destination . 
  ukip is simply one of the vehicles some people are using to get to the destination . 
  it be that ukip stops being an efficient vehicle at some stage in the future . 
  personally i am open to the idea of voting labour or conservative or ukip at the next election , depending on which vote makes a brexit more likely . 
  currently this is not in my view a clear choice . 
  i read your entire comment , but just responded to the bit that was of most interest . 
  frankly people who are not able to work ( e.g. 
  some people with severe learning difficulties or severe physical difficulties ) should be in a completely different benefit category from people who can work . 
  i do n't think age or lack of education are particularly relevant : there are many jobs that do n't require any education whatsoever ( and many people come to the uk from all over the world to do these jobs ) . 
  having children can be a barrier to work if the children are not of school age , but again , it must be remembered that in almost every circumstance having children is a choice . 
  the uk also gives out generous benefits to people who have children . 
   i am a torn bit . 
  basically we move to the uk in droves , generally speak less english than people born there and pretty much everybody finds a dishwasher / hotel cleaner level job at least , which pays for a room , food and quite some savings / entertainment . 
  this . 
  if hungarians move to the uk in droves and can find work , why ca n't brits find work ? 
  we already speak the language and understand the culture and so forth . 
  brits need to be realistic and stop being lazy and go and look for work . 
   maybe some britons can tell me if it is possible that the system of social security in the uk can lead to situations as we see in this article ? 
  let us just refrain from talking about the number of people enjoying state benefits or the cost : that is another discussion . 
  obviously , the british social security system is not perfect and it is possible for people to slip through the net and errors to be made as per the examples in the article . 
  however , i do n't think that errors like this are particularly a british problem though : i think it is the case in all countries . 
  i also do n't think it is a widespread problem . 
  the growth in foodbanks does not really worry me and the fact that foodbanks are on the rise elsewhere in the world , like the netherlands , indicates to me that foodbanks are just a new development in welfare , rather than a particularly british thing . 
  also , conceptually , i am not sure why people are so against foodbanks giving people food . 
  in what was is this worse than the state giving people money to buy food ( which is presumably their alternative ) . 
  in my mind the process for ensuring that people with need get fed is not really so important as the outcome . 
  the other reason why i find arguments that the uk 's benefits system is ungenerous a bit unconvincing is because exactly the same time the guardian is running this story , [ it is also running a story in which th mayor of calais is criticising the uk 's too generous benefits and saying how people in calais are willing to risk their lives to get to the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/oct/28/calais-migrants-willing-to-die-britain-french-mayor-natacha-bouchart-uk-benefits-france ) also , in the uk we have experienced very high levels of immigration from some parts of the eu . 
  i know people that have arrived in the uk after being on a coach all night from bratislava etc , that speak very little english , that can find work very quickly . 
  there has been a huge increase in employment in the uk over the last couple of years . 
  if a slovakian can move across the whole of europe and find work in the uk , i have to be a bit less sympathetic to british people that choose not to work . 
  obviously , people with genuine special needs who are unable to work should be protected . 
   i think this is fair , i do n't see why we should be dragged out of the eu if england decided they want out but the rest of us do n't but due to the sheer numbers , it would show the uk as voting to leave as a collective rather than just as england . 
  in the event in which england , wales and northern ireland vote for a brexit , but scotland does n't , but that the uk as a whole votes for a brexit , then in my view it should be open to scotland to have another referendum about whether or not it wants to stay in the uk or not . 
  as an independent nation you could of course join the eu without us . 
  however , if a majority of the uk want a brexit , i do n't think scotland should be able to stop it . 
  at that stage scotland should simply make a choice about who it wants to be in a union with . 
   the uk is n't special . 
  it should n't get special treatment . 
  the uk public has different wants and desires from other countries . 
  for example , belgians want the euro and brits do n't want the euro . 
  in democratic countries , this leads to different countries having different currencies , or opt-outs . 
  you can call this special if you want . 
  however , i think the normal operation of democracy is a better explanation . 
   could you , just this once , please outline what the exact changes to uk legislation are impossible today because of the eu ? 
  for starters , the uk is not able to make free trade agreements with other countries . 
  or limit the amount of immigration from the eu . 
   words like `` renegotiation '' are getting thrown around , but nobody ever gets into what it is you want to renegotiate .
