  democracy requires a demos . 
  europe does not have that . 
   i will make a different point , however . 
  if liberal democracy fails to adapt properly to a globalized world , that will mean the death of liberal democracy , not the death of globalization . 
  i do not believe that to be true , however . 
  it is very much possible to maintain democracy in a large state-like entity . 
  liberal democracy can best function in a global world via the nation state . 
  trying to force liberal democracy into entities that do n't actually want to be forced together will kill liberal democracy . 
   i 'm sorry but saying a political and societal system is a failure because it does n't work for everyone is akin to saying every political and societal system is a failure . 
  no matter the system , not everyone will be happy with it . 
  i 'm talking about the euro . 
  it was meant to work for every country in the euro and the fact that it has n't worked for every country in the euro , is a failure on its own terms . 
   all you 're doing in every single post is of yours is break the topic at hand down to where it fits your pre-conceived notions . 
  that is ignorance . 
  we 're discussing the euro . 
  saying that it is not working for greece and there have been huge problems is not ignorance . 
  it is blindingly obvious . 
   then uk doesnt have anything to say about monetary-union as they are not part of it , right ? 
  the uk has been ( correctly ) almost silent on monetary union and should have no say in it whatsoever , i agree . 
   they could be correct but for the wrong reasons . 
  you can read their reasons in the online parliamentary debates . 
  they pointed out that the different countries would diverge economically , and that would lead to vast amounts of unemployment and low economic growth in the poorer performers , with no mechanism for resolving the imbalances . 
   it was meant to work for a whole bunch of different people and it still does for the vast majority of european citizens from eurozone countries . 
  if there are some countries that it does n't work for , it is a failure . 
  it was n't just meant to work for the majority of countries in the eurozone , it was meant to work for all of them . 
   you 're either ignorant or fear-mongering ( and judging by past conversations with you , you 're both ) . 
  in what way i am ignorant or fear-mongering ? 
  if you think that the five-years of greek sovereign debt crisis is a success for the euro , then i dread to wonder what failure would look like . 
  for the euro to work well , you need to create a transfer union . 
  it will not work until then . 
  the currency was n't just meant to work for germans . 
  it was also meant to work for greeks . 
   by that logic scotland openly discussing leaving the uk marks the uk as a failure , no ? 
  i think it is great that scotland had a referendum and certainly i would be happy for them to have another one if the same conditions which lead to the last one arise again . 
  however , i think we should note that a majority of scots voted to stay in the uk . 
  i do agree , though , that the level of support that scottish independence showed did demonstrate a deep uk failure . 
   i disagree . 
  the only thing that could end the european project is a hypothetical continent-spanning war that happened as direct a consequence of the european project . 
  even then , it would only be a matter of decades before the whole thing got started up again . 
  in my mind people that believe that global government is some inevitable march of history that can not be stopped are as wrong as those marxists who thought that marxist history was inevitable . 
  history is not that straightforward . 
   it 's useful , it 's convenient , it 's practical , and it is necessary to have enough political and economic clout on a global scale . 
  it does not lead to good democratic outcomes , which will be its death . 
   the euro has failed , hm ? 
  ah , to live in a fantasy world . 
  you call this a success ? 
  senior eu politicians openly discussing grexit is a failure . 
  brits and french have been different long before germany was even a thing . 
  we kept our monarchy , they got rid of theirs . 
  we have the common law , they have the civil law . 
  our literary tradition mixes comedy and tragedy , theirs sticks to the unities . 
  they make things , we just buy and sell them . 
  they have a culture of `` rights from the state '' we have a culture of `` liberties from the state '' . 
  we have parliamentary sovereignty , they have a written constitution . 
  the fact that we have different experiences of the war and different immediate histories is only part of the story for why we have different attitudes to the eu . 
   it 's soooo much easier to blame the eu for whatever is wrong than actually fixing it . 
  and solidarity is not really dans l'air du temps ( fashionable ) . 
  fixing it means sending huge sums of money south of the alps and the pyrenees . 
  this is why it is not fashionable ... 
   on an unrelated note , i disagree that the greek crisis is a slap in the face of the european project , but rather , a slap in the face of the parts of implementation of that project and recent leadership . 
  such a monumental endeavor is bound to experience quite a few serious set-backs , but to suggest that they undermine the overarching idea would be wrong . 
  i think you are underestimating the scale and consequence of the crisis . 
  in my mind this is existential for the european project . 
  if greece leaves the euro , then this can not be explained away . 
   but our political view are very faaaaaar away !, 
  ( especialy on the eu :p ) this is because we are pragmatists and you are idealists . 
  however , on the eu i think that the french are increasinly falling out of love with the eu . 
   all of those people do not understand what federalization entails , then . 
  federalisation entails a fiscal union and , if we are to be honest , speedy write-offs of greek debt . 
  if we have this definition of federalism , then very few governments in the eu are federalist . 
   and if the last few days have shown us anything , that federalization and unity of europe are certainly as far away for the eu as they 've ever been arguably they are considerably further away . 
   we hate the british . 
  the british are our enemy de toujours  your hatred for us is mixed up with your love for us and your recognition that we are your only equal . 
   says the guy who eats up farage ' and ukip 's bullshit about eastern europeans . 
  what bullshit do i eat up about eastern europeans ? 
  i feel the same way about eastern europeans as i feel about western europeans , africans , asians , americans ...  good old trucidator , / r/europe 's biggest populist . 
  british eusceptics , including farage , who for years have been saying that the euro was going to fail and cause division in europe have been proved correct . 
  calling out euphiles for being wrong about their currency remains the correct thing to do . 
  this is n't populist - this is economics . 
   those on board with ( what you describe as ) `` national democracy and sovereignty '' are those saying `` fuck greece '' - because only their sovereignty allows them to get away with not just saying , but doing it ( if europe were federalized , greece could not just be told to fuck off ) . 
  in fact , if we all had referenda tomorrow with one question : `` should we tell greece to fuck off ? '', 
  the result would be a resounding yes , both on this subreddit and outside of it . 
  there 's your national democracy . 
  not quite . 
  many of those people telling greece to fuck off on here still want a federal eu and they still want to stay in the euro and they still want power moved from their own parliaments to a federal eu parliament . 
  ( they just do n't want greece in it . ), 
  personally i hope that the uk has an aid package ready for after the grexit . 
  as a uk taxpayer , i think trying to help the greek state recover , once it has its own currency back , would be a very good use of our pounds . 
  yes , it will go in both directions . 
  but , allow me to be sympathetic primarily to the victims in this tragedy . 
  i think it will get worse once the grexit actually happens . 
  there is going to be huge amount of anger towards greece . 
   maybe that statement was true at one point but now that this is a default subreddit for anyone who signs up from within europe i think it 's fair to say many of us reject those views altogether . 
  obviously , there are some people like you and me that want the preservation of national democracy and sovereignty . 
  i just think that this opinion is still quite a minority opinion on here . 
   it 's mostly that we tightened our belts , greeks not so much , even while getting a considerably greater amount of money . 
  yet , they keep crying foul . 
  yes , i get it . 
  you 're good and they 're bad . 
  you 're different from them .
