  the city did badly out of the financial crisis and also the eurozone crisis , with many people losing their jobs . 
  the city is now booming again but this is despite the ongoing recessions in much of europe . 
  the uk and the city have no vested interest in this recession continuing or the eurozone crisis flaring up again . 
  there is nothing that the uk can do to stop it though if it does happen . 
   this is what he was saying and it 's correct . 
  if you really think that the uk caused the problems with the euro and benefited from the problems with it , then do n't you think it was a massive mistake to create such a vulnerable weak currency in the first place ? 
  the global financial systems are all linked , that is true . 
  but to say that the uk caused the financial crisis is really very misleading and not remotely the whole picture . 
  the specific problems with the euro : the fact that portugal , ireland , spain and greece borrowed too much and were shut out of the capital markets , would have happened at some stage anyway . 
  there was really nothing the uk could have done differently to prevent this . 
   `` but you still have financial gain to reap from the disorder you create '' yes , i found this statement basically wrong . 
  the uk did not create disorder in the euro . 
  and the uk does not gain from the disorder either ... 
   i would say that anti-eu people are n't really against the eu , but against globalization and internationalization . 
  i 'm anti-eu but pro globalisation and internationalisation . 
  i 'm also not poor , uneducated or unemployed . 
  i had understood that the funding of political groups was separate to the funding of political parties , but perhaps i am mistaken . 
   money for organising or for campains ? 
  i do n't know the exact rules here . 
  i looked on the european parliament 's website , but the rules for funding political groups did n't seem to be there . 
  thanks man , 
   how does having a group make you more effective ? 
  the eu gives groups money and positions within paliamentary committees , more speaking time within the parliament and so forth . 
  if you are not in a group you do n't get this . 
   i wish we used `` perfide albion '' a bit more often , personally  watch it !, 
  that entente cordiale can be broken you know ... we can give you some new reasons to call us perfide if you really want them ... 
  his lively opinion piece is not remotely offensive . 
  if you get offended by this type of thing , you really need to man up . 
  as for the widening versus deepening debate , i am surprised that you have ' t heard of it . 
  this has been a constant discussion in the eu for the last couple of decades : [ here is a book about it ] ( https://www.novapublishers.com/catalog/product_info.php?products_id=1488 ) . 
  as for the uk 's attitude , have you not witnessed the last 15 years of the uk not joining the euro ? 
  the word `` m\u00e9pris '' was not used in a threat . 
  i do n't have time to go through all of them , but i think it is fairly clear that you have n't understood rocard 's somewhat colourful prose and rhetoric style . 
  for example , when you write `` we had not understood your true motives '' in relation to enlargement , this is not a conspiracy theory . 
  it is widely acknowledged that part of the uk 's desire for a wider europe was to slow down the deepening of europe . 
  or when you write `` contempt '' , the original french is `` m\u00e9pris '' , and this has a different nuance from `` contempt '' and includes concepts like `` disregard '' and `` defiance '' . 
  using the word `` m\u00e9pris '' to describe widespread british attitudes to europe in an opinion piece is in my mind completely acceptable and somewhat accurate . 
  apart from the factual errors in your post ( e.g the uk has not ratified every treaty ) , the original french text expresses things in quite a different way from this translation and a lot of your misunderstanding comes from that . 
  for example , when you wrote `` english cheek '' , the original poster wrote `` the english check '' which is an americanism for `` the english cheque '' which is a direct translation for `` le ch\u00e8que anglais '' which ought to be translated as `` the uk rebate '' . 
  it is touch and go at the moment !, 
  and french ? 
  french is extremely learnable in my mind . 
  i 'm also a libertarian - you just have to want to learn it on your own terms !, 
  it 's never too late . 
  seems like m5s are going to be with ukip after all . 
  you do n't know welsh ? 
  as far as i am concerned you can have all these things , even support for the european dream provided that the uk is n't part of it . 
  i 'm pretty sure it would have been germany ( but have never looked into this ) . 
  the fiscal compact is not an example of the goals of the majority being sabbotaged since the majority signed the fiscal compact and are bound by it . 
  rather than criticising the uk ( who has not signed up to the rules of the fiscal compact ) would n't it make more sense to criticise the countries who have breached it , like spain ? 
  or is it more important to sign treaties than to comply with them ? 
  diplomacy and trade benefits everyone , not just the uk . 
  what else would you want from us ? 
  surely you are happy with the uk trading with you ? 
  yes , the uk can . 
   why ca n't they just print money ? 
  not only does it mean they get free money . 
  unfortunately life is not quite that simple . 
  printing money is n't really like getting free money . 
  as i understand it , the ecb does not have within its mandate ( that is set out within the eu treaties ) a legal basis for quantitive easing . 
  in this respect its mandate is narrower than the equivalent mandate of the bank of england . 
  i also understand that if it were to try quantitive easing it would be immediately subject of a legal challenge via a case brought in the german constitutional court . 
   `` next week i will announce a referendum on leaving the euro '' the uk is n't in the euro though , so i 'm not really sure what you mean by this ... cameron set out his plan for eu renegotiation and referendum a year ago ( and the contents of that announcement were not terribly surprising ) . 
  i do n't think that the announcement was price sensitive . 
  this was an interesting article ( and also not a bad translation ! ), 
  and i agree with rocard on almost everything he wrote and i agree that the uk ought to leave the eu for the reasons he states . 
  the uk really does n't benefit from financial chaos in europe . 
  he is something of a tyrant within ukip , but i 've not heard this extending generally across the old efd . 
  the move by the dpp and the true finns is not really surprising . 
  by having official policy of not wanting to leave the eu , they have always been ideologically closer to the conservatives and the ecr than the efd . 
  the only reason that they were n't in the ecr last time round was because the ecr would not have them . 
  similarly , the move by lega nord and vlaams belang out of efd and into le pen 's planned new group also strikes me as representing a move towards their ideological home . 
  ukip 's main policy position of pulling out of the eu entirely but without having origins in the old european far right just does not have many likely bedfellows in the eu . 
  but with trade covered too . 
  is n't euscepticism strong in denmark ? 
  i thought there was still strong opposition to the euro and the danish people 's party just did very well in the eu elections on something of an eusceptic ticket ? 
  what are denmark 's goals ? 
   i really hope britain will get its way . 
  you swedes , as well as the dutch and the danes , are starting to frustrate us !, 
  you seem to have broadly the same goals as the uk , but you leave us to do almost all of the the dirty work alone !, 
  what is life in the eu going to be like for you once we have gone ? 
   all organizations that are toothless and unnecessary , but this is another conversation all completely . 
  i do n't think all international organisations need to have no teeth ( look at nato or the g7 for example ) but i agree this is another conversation . 
   however once you go out you ca n't anymore complain if and when eu advances to become full blown federation including having common foreign policy and common army that will impact everybody and every global organization . 
  i do n't think anyone can stop us complaining - the complaints will continue whatever happens ... 
  however , uk foreign policy in relation to europe , after centuries of wanting europe to have a balance of power , is now starting to change . 
  i think the uk is starting to come round to the idea of there being a federal europe ( with the things you describe ) but not being part of it . 
  personally i am neutral about the desirability of this . 
  this is part of the conservatives strategy of freezing out ukip . 
  ukip are likely to end up non inscrit . 
   their goals are just completely different than ours . 
  and this difference is the crux of the matter . 
  personally i would want the uk to be in the eu , but only if the eu looked completely different and was much looser , more informal and more flexible and essentially just a forum for diplomacy and a set of enforceable rules to facilitate easy trade . 
  i absolutely do not want any move towards federation . 
  given that almost nobody in the rest of the eu wants what i want , i think that the best option for the uk is to leave . 
  also , i do n't think that the uk leaving the eu needs to be that drastic for anyone or provoke an economic crash anywhere or even interfere with the current recovery . 
  brexit just needs to be managed properly . 
   on the other hand , if it is private , then the result is rich people being overrepresented because parties defending poorer people just ca n't get the funding they need i agree it is tricky . 
  i think that the solution is to limit the amount of funding that political parties are able to receive so that the differential between funding for political parties is minimised . 
  i do n't think funding of political parties is a good use of tay-payers ' money .
