  i found this article and the related ft article to put too much of a negative spin on the question of equivalence . 
  currently the eu 's approach to equivalence is very confused and a re-examination of the rules and more coherence to them is very welcome for all of us . 
  this is one of the many good consequences of brexit - the eu is reminded that the world of finance is global and the eu needs to work out appropriate ways of dealing with financial regulation in this global context . 
  the eu should be mindful not to try and build a gigantic regulatory wall around the eu , because the people that pay for that wall will be the people inside the wall , not the people outside the wall . 
   it 's kind of sad that this the only argument brexit supports can fall back on . . `` muh democracy . '', 
  yeah , screw us for wanting democracy , right ? 
   w-why do you hate yourself so much ? 
  lol - i used to live in italy and reading comments below the line is one way of keeping up with colloquial language and perhaps also helps me understand italian public opinion . 
    and the growing power of germany in europe to what is perceived to be at our expenses has changed that . 
  the biggest surprise to me was how quick the change has been . 
  when i speak to italians about the eu , their replies remind me of the views that british people had about five years ago . 
  think about that . 
   there is a very undeground fascist right-wing way of thinking that apparently is expanding really fast , expecially among the lower classes . 
  i have a geeky hobby of reading comments below the line of some italian newspapers ( e.g. 
  il fatto quotidiano ) . 
  the thing that strikes me the most about these comments is the anger about germany , and this has changed fast . 
  i agree with you . 
  is this news story causing a storm in italy ? 
  given that you seem to hate the uk , i am sure you are better off outside the uk . 
  i 've not seen any national data , but i do have a lot of local data relating to my own part of london , for which i was a borough co-ordinator for vote leave . 
  we had a lot of british indian volunteers and a lot of leave voters . 
  as a matter of law , if the uk and the eu can not agree on the amount that they owe each other ( or any other matter ) then either party can take the other to the icj to resolve the matter . 
  contractual obligations do mean something . 
  the eu is not the only relevant party for deciding what those contractual obligations are . 
  the uk 's opinion is also relevant here . 
  nobody benefits from a trade war . 
  the people that lose the least are the people that engage in it the least . 
  the person who asserted that there was more racism in the uk needs to have a source to back up his own claim . 
  voting afd in germany is not the equivalent of voting to leave the eu . 
  voting to leave the eu is not xenophobic . 
  the brexit campaign did not increase racism in the uk . 
  people of all races voted to leave the eu . 
  the u.s. is not trying to start a war in europe . 
  i am not asserting the opposite . 
  the headline i get when i click on the link is `` labour mp '' not `` official '', 
  stop pretending there is more white racism in uk , aus , usa compared to the eu . 
  it is n't true . 
  the weather looks pretty similar though !, 
  the uk would not have vetoed it anyway because of the good friday agreement provides that the people of northern ireland decide themselves how they should be governed . 
  given that the eu has had enhanced cooperation provisions in their current shape in the treaty since lisbon in 2009 but they have only been used twice successfully ( the third use , financial transactions tax , is about to collapse ) i wonder if this will really get off the ground . 
  i suspect it will be hugely controversial . 
  personally i do n't think the french are arrogant , but proud of their country . 
  i am happy the french feel like that and agree they have a lot to be proud about in terms of culture . 
   yeah , it 's one of the best one i 've ever read . 
  let 's enjoy the next 1,000 years of war and peace and love and hate , with that beautiful 20 mile water between us !, 
   also , now that you have left , eu is less attractive . 
  yeah , this is why your euphile political parties were upset that we are leaving . 
   your prime minister seems like she wants to join she is n't able to though because the people wo n't let her . 
  this sounds pretty scary . 
  enter the continent and there are literally radioactive wild boars roaming around the place , 
  op - the headline has been editorialised ... 
  please do n't do this !, 
  it changes the meaning . 
   which is n't the same as what david cameron did and consistent to what nick clegg said in 2013 . 
  i am not disagreeing with you about what clegg 's manifesto was . 
  i am disagreeing with you about whether or not clegg would have refused to go into government with the tories if the tories insisted on a referendum . 
  here is [ open europe suggesting that there would be a referendum in the event of a coalition . 
  ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/today/blog/the-general-election-that-could-define-the-uks-membership-of-the-eu/ ) and here he states his red lines , but does [ not include a referendum in them . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/generalelection/nick-clegg-hints-that-pro-eu-lib-dems-would-accept-conservative-demands-for-a-referendum-10222282.html )  there is no mention in the politco article that was the reason for holding it as early as june as mentioned , i think the best sources on this are tim shipman 's book and craig oliver 's book . 
  but there was also lots of commentary at the time [ speculating that downing street wanted an early referendum . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/eu-referendum-expected-next-june-or-july-david-cameron-signals-a6779211.html ) downing street feared the government would become less popular , leave would become better organised among other things . 
   i thought that the official remain campaign was a terrible campaign i agree they did make some bad mistakes . 
   both articles you cited referred to uncertainty based upon the referendum decision , not to calamity . 
  if you read the underlying links they contain predictions about uk growth which they have since upgraded . 
   i think that it is you who is misremembering here . 
  `` our manifesto is clear that a referendum should only take place when there is a signicent change between britain and europe '' nick clegg : eu referendum not in national interest . 
  it is helpful for you to link something that dates back to january 2013 , but note that the general election took place in may 2015 . 
  the links i have you were from immediately prior to that period . 
  during the run up to the may 2015 general election , clegg had many opportunities to rule out being part of a government with a referendum . 
  [ he did not do that . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/b6db6970-ea95-11e4-96ec-00144feab7de ) his position changed between january 2013 and the run up to the general election . 
   and thinking that by holding it earlier would give him a better chance of victory is foolish beyond belief whether he was foolish or not is a separate question . 
  [ the fact is he did think it . 
  there are many many confirmations of this . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/how-david-cameron-lost-brexit-eu-referendum-prime-minister-campaign-remain-boris-craig-oliver-jim-messina-obama/ )  i was involved in the remain campaign and people told me that they wished that they had more time as well . 
  i have no doubt that some people in bse wanted a later referendum and i trust you when you say you wanted a later referendum , that is the nature of campaigns , people in them have different strategies . 
  [ but the leader of bse wanted an early campaign . 
  ] ( http://www.aol.co.uk/news/2016/01/25/david-cameron-urged-to-call-early-referendum-on-eu-membership/ ), 
   you are repeatedly making statements not based on fact purely to support your own politics . 
  on top of this you 've now moved the goalposts again to `` both before and after the referendum , '' under the presumption that your next post will contain predictions post-referendum to try and support your earlier statements which your own cited articles did not support . 
  both my earlier links contained economic predictions about the growth of the uk economy based on the vote to leave that have now been upgraded . 
   once again , please stop lying . 
  it is against the policies of this forum . 
  you are still being too hostile . 
   then you continue to intentionally mislead people and have now further doubled back your argument to predictions of vaguely defined `` harm '' which is not only pointlessly indeterminate but not supported by your own cited articles . 
  no , i am not misleading anyone . 
  economists made claims both before the referendum and after the referendum about the consequences of the vote to leave that have since proved false . 
   i think thats debatable . 
  but we wo n't come to an agreement here . 
  i am not sure what part you are disagreeing with . 
  that the tories are largely pro free trade ? 
  that the people in the tory party who lead vote leave are pro free trade ? 
  that vote leave was the reason why leave won the referendum ? 
  that those same people are the ones pushing may as hard as possible on free trade ? 
  to me all these things seem obviously and verifiably true ... 
   you 've acknowledged you were willfully lying about the basis of the economic predictions , now please see to it that you do n't repeat these claims in future . 
  no , i have not done this . 
  multiple economists predicted that the vote to leave would cause harm which it did not cause . 
  multiple economists have now admitted that they were wrong to do so . 
   i disagree with mixing the `` leave vote '' with `` free trade enthusiasts '' .
