  the uk wants to be able to be in control of its own laws and do trade deals by itself . 
  uk will not be checking migration from ireland . 
  ireland and uk have a common travel area . 
  the uk also does n't want a hard border with ireland . 
  the uk and ireland are on the same side here . 
   but in reality it 's all we want . 
  flexible uk and flexible eu . 
  exactly right . 
  i still think and hope it can work . 
   it seems likely that flexible cooperation with a third-country uk might be less weakening for the eu institutions than the uk 's push for flexibility from inside - flexibility by the eu , rather than flexibility within the eu . 
  i agree . 
  it is less of a threat to the eu so therefore more achievable . 
   eu institutions will be able to address the problems in croatia themselves directly this is going to start annoying people pretty quickly i reckon . 
  very good post and very good username too . 
  this was pretty rude from the us ... 
  i agree . 
  i do n't see it happening at the moment . 
  however , that is the interesting thing about history : it is uncertain !, 
  my comment related exactly to the one to which i was responding . 
   exactly and it 's up to each and every society to make their choices . 
  i do n't understand why people want to transform every country according to one single model . 
  agreed . 
  this is why the uk is leaving the single market . 
   it down to the uk government to make an assessment of the will of the scottish people to have a referendum , or is it down to the scottish one ? 
  under our constitution , the uk government and the scottish government have shared responsibility for making the decision about when to have a referendum . 
  but it can only happen if both parties agree to the details . 
  there have been some people in government that agree with you , that we should have the referendum now in order to win it . 
  but personally i think that this kind of opportunism is not what politics is for . 
  if a majority of scottish people do not want a referendum , the uk government should not give them one for some other motive . 
   but i feel like the queen cares about canada yes , she really does , this is very important to her . 
  she really gets it . 
   if charles becomes king , i would fight tooth and nail to see canada become a republic . 
  if william becomes king , i will fight tooth and nail to ensure canada remains under the crown . 
  the whole deal with monarchies is that you take the rough with the smooth . 
  i am not a charles fan by any stretch of the imagination , he is pretty foolish . 
  but the institution as a whole is much more than any particular individual . 
  hopefully the uk government and royal advisors will know how to manage the marketing sensibly ... 
  provided we can get the will and kate show on the road quickly , then hopefully the monarchy can endure in your country too !, 
  that 's if you guys want it , of course !, 
  there is going to be huge sadness when she passes away . 
   besides , would n't the uk want a ( somewhat ) sympathetic iscotland in europe arguing its arguments for it ? 
  we already have iireland for that role . 
  that is n't to say that if scotland became independent and joined the eu that it would n't also do that . 
  but i think the vast majority of brits prefer to have scotland in the uk . 
   is this true ? 
  i 'd have thought it would be more likely to paint her as the bad guy . 
  i do n't know this for certain , but my contacts within the tory party tell me that may 's strategy was tested and polled with scots . 
  this was the position of the uk government in indyref1 i recall . 
   do you mean this ? 
  no , i mean the statement within scotland 's future published in 2013 on page 279 that said `` scotland faces the possibility of leaving the eu because of westminster 's planned in/out referendum * '' . 
  this was the basis on which scottish people voted to stay in the uk in 2014 . 
   where was the united kingdom 's future outside the eu ? 
  oh wait there was n't because the eu referendum was an absolute shambles . 
  you seem upset that the uk is leaving the eu . 
  i am delighted . 
  sometimes in a democracy you are in the minority . 
  is your position still that it should n't happen at all ? 
   but if she starts straying into blocking it outright territory then that 's when things get very risky for her i agree , she should not block it outright - that really would not have my support . 
  i would be astonished if she did though . 
   and i even suspect sturgeon does too . 
  if sturgeon wants a referendum at a later date , it is irresponsible of her to pretend she wants the referendum at an earlier date . 
   the tories got the ball rolling on stupid referendums for politics and now they 're expecting everyone else to stop lol ? 
  in case you are forgetting , the snp wanted a referendum on scottish independence well before the tories wanted a referendum on leaving the eu . 
  so i am not quite sure how you conclude that the tories got the ball rolling . 
   it is not the same though . 
  catalonia is a region in spain that is forbidden by the constitution to be allowed to leave . 
  while scotland is part of a union and it can legally get consent from the uk parliament to leave . 
  while it is true that spain and the uk have different constitutions and histories , i do not think , in general terms , that we should hide behind these or use them as excuses when it comes to respecting self-determination of a people . 
  i was trolling / u/low _ discrepancy with that one , i knew she would enjoy that comment . 
   shh ... someone will try and whitewash that and say it was n't a big deal in 2014 it was a deal . 
  the scottish government specifically mentioned the possibility of brexit in their paper , scotland 's future . 
   how do you know that ? 
  i do n't know for certain , but there has been extensive polling done on this . 
  obviously , polling should always be taken with a pinch of salt , but it would be wrong to ignore it completely . 
   i 'm pretty sure that you favor parliament being the highest authority . 
  power in a democracy is balanced between a number of different formal institutions , legislature , judiciary , government and informal mechanisms , media , popular opinion etc , underpinned by the rule of law . 
  as a matter of law , the scottish parliament does not have the sole power to decide if and when to have a referendum : that power is shared with westminster and of course westminster must consider its constitutional and moral responsibilities and rights here . 
  i am really not opposed to scotland having another referendum if that is what the scottish people want . 
  i supported their last one . 
  however , it is important that it is done with the greatest legitimacy and this means in way that respects our various institutions so that the uk as a whole can continue to be an example of democracy for the rest of the world . 
   the scots already loathe her do you have evidence for this ? 
  [ the last evidence i have seen was that she was perceived to be doing a good job by scots . 
  ] ( https://www.ipsos-mori.com/assets/docs/scotland/ipsos-mori-scotland-spom-september-2016-topline.pdf ), 
   translation : bow down you fucking jock 's a majority of scottish people agree with theresa may . 
  she is right to consider their opinions . 
   preventing a referendum could very easily backfire . 
  my understanding is that this was done exactly because a majority of scots do not want another referendum and may obtained evidence that temporarily blocking the referendum would not be unpopular among swing voters or unionists . 
  i agree , though , that this is risky strategy . 
  the uk must ensure that it does not fall into a spain/catalonia stand-off , but personally i do n't think it will . 
  sampling and over-representation of certain groups . 
  the british polling council published on some of these problems after the general election in 2015 , i recall . 
  luckily we are able to vote by post . 
  i 'm not being condescending to germans . 
  i have nothing but admiration for the german people and german culture . 
  i am simply explaining that in the uk we have a different culture and one that is less adverse to uncertainty . 
  i am responding to a german who is claiming that the uk is in a mess and why ( from our perspective ) it is n't a mess . 
  the last time an exit poll got things seriously wrong was 92 . 
  in 15 the exit poll did understate the margin of the tory victory somewhat though . 
  vote early vote often as my irish grandmother says ... 
  dutch people - we know that really when you speak to each other you use english .
