  it 's as if they really do n't understand the greek psyche at all . 
  i must admit that on sunday afternoon i was worried that all the scaremongering from schulz , dijeselbloem , merkel , junker et al might start to make an impact on the greek people . 
  i called a greek friend in london who told me that he was even more convinced that it would make greeks angry and ensure a `` no '' vote . 
  i 'm so impressed by the courage of the greek people . 
  ( sorry to bring things back to the uk , but this is really going to impact the brexit referendum in some unforseeable ways ... ), 
  people are very angry with greece because they see that greeks have effectively sabbotaged their dream of a federal eu . 
  ( we brits have encountered this kind of stuff for years ! ), 
   i would n't call someone who wants a member country to leave the eu over an emergency referendum eu-phile . 
  one of the really ironic and interesting about the whole greek episode is that eusceptics and euphiles have surprising positions on greece . 
  eusceptics like me ( who want a brexit ) do n't want greece to leave the eu just yet , or necessarily even leave the euro . 
  a destructive greece that stays in the euro has the scope to cause an immense amount of damage to the eu project . 
  for this exact same reason , a lot of euphiles ( including many on this sub ) now want greece to be forced out of the euro and also the eu . 
  for them making an example of greece is the best way to save the eu . 
  this is what kelner is thinking now . 
   i think that the reasoning behind the corruption claims for the polls is the sheer amount of yes propaganda they played this last week . 
  there was also a document allegedly leaked from nd ( the party that ruled greece the last 4 years ) that called for constant propaganda by the private mass media , fake polls , scaremongering and the like . 
  if you are interested i think i can find some sources . 
  personally i am not too worried about the private media being biased . 
  this in my mind is part of free speech . 
  i think questions need to be asked when public money is involved or if a polling company breaks the code of conduct of greek polling companies etc. 
  but other than that , private media should be able to scaremonger as much as they like . 
  i have a lot of confidence in the greek people to be able to make up their own minds about things . 
   is the fact that all the major tv channels in greece owned by the economic elite of the country ( bankers , ship company owners etc. ), 
  considered a factor ? 
  it is not something i know anything about - i do n't know whether or not there is corruption in the polling . 
  there might well be . 
  however , i think it is relevant to point out that polls are not just going wrong in greece . 
  there are lots of other examples too . 
  i do n't know whether or not it is corruption , but we did see opinion polls being wrong in the uk elections and the israeli elections recently . 
  we also saw opinion polls significantly understate the score of the danish people 's party in the danish elections . 
  i seem to recall that opinion polls also misjudged the score in the polish presidential election . 
  perhaps there are other factors at play too ? 
   people pay attention to scandinavia just because the elections in denmark was preceded by a uk election . 
  i think what danes do is interesting in and of itself . 
  we in the uk are not immune to danish voters . 
  if you remember , the key trigger to british current euscepticism is the danish `` no '' vote to the maastricht treaty . 
  it is going to be interesting to see what the consequences of the grexit referendum will be in in countries like uk , denmark and sweden : in my mind if will boost euscepticism in those countries . 
   i think it would be extremely beneficial if france took on the role of the one building bridges and mending fences . 
  germany has painted itself into a corner , greece likewise . 
  it would be better for all if france tabled some kind of forward-looking plan that at least temporarily breaks the blockade and then helps everyone save face . 
  france has been much quieter than germany in relation to this crisis over the last couple of years partly because hollande is very unpopular ( compared to merkel ) and partly because france 's economic performance has not been as strong as germany 's and partly because the fn has been doing so well in elections ( compared to any insurgent parties in germany ) . 
  i agree that france is not in a corner in quite the same way as germany and greece are , but i think that there is a limit to what hollande can do ... 
   greece needs to revert to the drachma since it is to deep in shit with the euro and it will never ever recover with the euro now , maybe it was possible once but now it is 100 % impossible . 
  i agree . 
  greece 's `` partners '' are just going to continue to punish greece from now on . 
  there is no point pretending any more . 
  the emperor is wearing no clothes . 
   adoption of euro will depend only on political decision , nothing else . 
  it would be sensible also to consider economic factors too . 
   but you can see that exchange rate since the fall of 2013 has been very stable at around 27.50 czk for 1 eur . 
  this has been very much intentional by the central bank and it has been quite open about the fact that it wants the czk to be stable and slightly undervalued . . outside the eur you jhave the option to be slightly undervalued . 
  inside the eur you do n't . 
  this is a difference of monumental importance . 
   koruna is practically caped to 27 czk/eur . 
  and even after uncaping it , our cnb will make a lot of efforts to keep it in a very narrow corridor . 
  [ actually , looking at the last five years of exchange rates , it seems that the koruna does not have a very narrow corridor with the eur . 
  there have been very significant fluctuations and very sensibly , the czech koruna has devalued against the eur , something you could n't do if you were in the eur . 
  ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=czk&amp;to=eur&amp;view=5y ), 
  he should have written this before the result , rather than after it . 
  as it stands , it just looks like he is annoyed that greeks voted in a way he did n't want them too . 
  euphiles like kelner and his wife ashton just took one hell of a beating from the greek people . 
   sir humphrey would have worked also . 
  i mean the objective of uk 's foreign policy is a divided europe . 
  the eurozone crisis plays brilliantly into the uk foreign policy objectives . 
  it results in europe dividing itself , without the uk having to do anything . 
  there is going to be a massive blame game , but i ca n't see how any blame can get attached to the uk . 
  you can say what you like about margaret thatcher , but you should have listened to her before creating your single currency . 
  she told you it would all end in tears . 
  history has proved her correct . 
  nobody ignores it . 
  everyone acknowledges it . 
  that was always going to happen . 
  we do n't mind that we do n't have an empire . 
  oh , we did a few things . 
  we 're quite aware that europe is a problem for the uk . 
  it has been for the last several hundred years . 
  we 're used to it . 
  it kind of is now . 
  the greeks are n't going to pay you back . 
  that 's a fiscal union . 
  italy and spain are going to stop wanting to be in a union with you too eventually . 
  lol . 
  hopefully the eurozone does n't try and bill the uk for this ... 
  unfortunately for greeks , we are now going to witness the rather ugly spectacle of the reurozone trying to destroy greece to save the euro . 
  it was n't one from the start . 
  it was an illusion . 
  i predict that the franco-german joint position will be a call for solidarity and responsibility . 
  the titanic has hit an iceberg , but the band plays on . 
  no , i think my country leaves before yours ... 
  if you 're setting out to create a monetary union , you need it to be economically and politically viable from the start . 
  you ca n't just ignore economics . 
  that would be incompetent . 
  you can never just look at economics or just look at politics . 
  you always have to look at both . 
  if you have regard to political considerations without regard to economic considerations , you will not succeed . 
  a currency union can not survive with simple political considerations . 
  the economics need to work too . 
  we knew this 20 years ago . 
  this is not a surprise . 
  the uk parliament discussed this in the mid 90s and concluded that this would happen .
