  france is responsible for them . 
   first , you do n't , you have illegal immigrants too . 
  second , your side protects france from whom ? 
  illegal immigrants from iceland ? 
  yes , there are illegal immigrants in the uk . 
  however , there are zero refugees or illegal immigrants trying to escape the uk to go to france . 
  the uk therefore manages the situation . 
   i think france should stop spending money on the migrants in calais . 
  let them leave , not our problem . 
  either they are refugees in france ( in which case , yes , it is your problem ) or they are illegal immigrants in france ( in which case , yes , it is your problem ) . 
   if you want it to be our problem , get into schengen . 
  that 's covered in the agreement . 
  of course the uk will not join schengen . 
  the reason why france ca n't control its own borders is because france is in schengen . 
  the uk wants to be able to control its borders ( unlike france ) therefore it would be crazy for the uk to join schengen . 
  why would the uk want an open border with france , a country that has a refugee camp in calais for ten years that it ca n't control ?!, 
  schengen does not deal with this situation . 
  of course a fta is distinct from being in the single market . 
  my strong preference is for a fta . 
  however , in terms of the renegotiation , everything is on the table , including re-writing the rules of the single market . 
  the average brit is far happier about donating money to help ebola than giving any money to the eu whatsoever . 
  it is embarrassing for france because refugees do n't want to claim asylum in france . 
  it is also embarrassing that france can not control who enters france . 
  it is also embarrassing that this situation in calais has gone on for a decade and your government is unable to do anything about it . 
  as for the border being in france , this is just the same the other way round . 
  france relies on the uk to protect the french border the other side of the channel . 
  however , we manage our side fine . 
  there are a lot of reasons to question free movement . 
  most brits do not want free movement of people into the uk . 
  in a democracy , this is a good reason . 
  for the uk it will make sense to negotiate a fta with the eu rather than be in the single market . 
  no , it is n't making any assumptions . 
  it is just stating what the current data is . 
  currently the uk is the largest export market for the reu . 
  think about that before you try and screw around with the uk . 
  the uk 's values are as close to those of the usa and india as they are to other countries in the eu . 
  being united with the india or the usa is not in the uk 's interests , just as being the eu is not in the uk 's interests . 
  as for new zealand , why ca n't a comparison be made with the uk ? 
  in what way is being a small country bad for new zealand ? 
  they seem to be doing great : much better economic growth and employment than the eurozone . 
  the uk did sign up to lisbon , which was a massive mistake and one of the reasons why brits are so angry now . 
  you guys can create your superstate ( and germany can pay for it ! ), 
  but the uk will not be part of it . 
  it will all come crashing down eventually . 
  lots of countries have free trade without the rest of the package , south korea , mexico etc. 
  the uk and the rest of the eu do n't need each other . 
  in fact , for people who want a federal europe , it makes sense for the uk to leave as the uk is going to continue to be extremely obstructive , veto things , never join the euro or schengen etc. 
  in the uk we know we are not a super power . 
  however , there are many many independent countries in the world that are n't super powers - the uk will be like them . 
  if new zealand can survive outside the eu , i think the uk can do great too . 
  no , if the uk left the eu , based on current figures the reu 's largest export market would be the uk . 
  are the other countries paying for the new operation ? 
  or just the 8 participating countries ? 
  france needs to sort out the calais problem - it is extremely embarrassing for france . 
  the fact that france does n't control its borders any more is not a reason for the uk to change policy . 
  personally i consider people from the rest of the eu to be immigrants in the same way as other people from the rest of the world . 
  lots of countries outside the eu like the usa and canada attract bright immigrants . 
  the uk will be one of those countries too when we leave the eu . 
   wrong aproach by the uk , it 's their responsability as much as ours at the border , since they are the ones generating the pull effect . 
  the pull effect is mainly generated by the english language and the very good uk jobs market . 
  unsurprisingly , the pull factor towards the uk for a spaniard are very similar to the pull factor towards the uk for an eritrean ... 
  however , it does n't really make sense to say that the uk has responsibilities towards migrants is because of the uk pull factor . 
  the uk 's responsibilities to refugees arise out of humanitarian principles and these apply to all wealthy nations in the same way . 
  also , the uk is in a somewhat different position to , for example , germany , because the uk is not in schengen . 
  thus , while it is arguable that germany 's borders are the same as spain 's borders , this ca n't be argued in relation to the uk . 
   people will likely bet on the safer , less extreme option which is basically the conservative party , half of whom are already strongly eusceptic and are committed to a substantial renegotiation of the eu treaties , a repatriation of powers and a referendum ... 
  personally i think that the independent 's headline is not a great one . 
  it implies that there has been an immediate shift in opinion resulting from the funding row based on evidence from one poll , yet this poll does not demonstrate that . 
  - for one thing , the gap between this poll and the previous poll by the same polling company contains various other events and in particular the clacton by-election . 
  thus if there has been a shift in opinion , it might have been caused by other things . 
  - also , a four per cent movement is not really huge . 
  given the margin of error of most polling companies , this particular poll is consistent with there being no movement at all . 
  - also , as you correctly point out , while individual polls attract headlines , no serious political analyst cares about individual polls , instead they look at the trends in polls . 
  there has been a two-year trend in increased support for ukip . 
  - u/parabellumb8g 's point that this might not translate into votes un 2015 is correct . 
  there is a long way to go before then . 
  however , currently it is hard to conceive of ukip 's share of the vote going below 10 % . 
   moreover , we have even taken more measures to prevent the deranging of political arguments by architecture for example . 
  the house of commons got this very confrontational , side vs side layout . 
  the second chamber is a semi-circle , so more cooperative in outlook . 
  i think this is a real difference between the wesminster parliamentary system and various continental systems . 
  in the westminster system , politics and political debate is seen as being more inherently oppositional and not a collaborative process . 
  this is one of the reasons why traditionally in the uk parliamentarians have hated the idea of coalition government . 
   i am a fan . 
  it is a good place for an afterwork dinner with old friends , etc. 
  not great for lunch . 
  makes for a sleepy afternoon . 
  i tend to have lunch at my desk ... 
  however , new after work places are definitely worth discovering !, 
  actually , i have never been to that venue . 
  is it any good ? 
  no - lawyer . 
  but i know what goes on ... 
   what 's the popular drug presently ? 
  in my own case huge quantities of caffeine . 
  i think the peak of cocaine in the city was in the 1990s , though there was still a lot until 2008 . 
  the city has changed culturally over the last couple of decades : more international and diverse , more cut-throat and ruthless , more meritocratic . 
   what do you think those bankers in the city snort their cocaine on ? 
  cocaine in the city is much less prevalent now than in was a decade ago . 
  times have changed ...
