  at most `` in the euro with alternative policies '' means a default within the eurozone . 
  the charitable interpretation is that eurozone leaders believe there is no alternative - beyond the euro 's complete unravelling - to the policies they have rallied behind , which buy financial support from germany and other creditor countries in return for tight fiscal and monetary policy and structural reforms imposed from the centre . 
  mario draghi , the european central bank president , is the clearest exponent of this idea . 
  he argues that all eurozone members have an interest in reassuring that no member would be better off leaving the monetary union , and are justified in demanding structural reforms to make the euro work better . 
  the uncharitable interpretation is that having tied their credibility to policies that can fairly be blamed for holding back europe 's economic growth , the established elites can not afford to admit that they were wrong . 
  the claim that there is no alternative can not survive the demonstration of an alternative that works . 
  so the political imperative is to insist that the euro requires the cash-for-control consensus to be respected - and that challenging it is tantamount to abandoning the euro . 
  but it is not true . 
  early sovereign and bank debt restructurings in greece would have removed the need for massive official rescue loans . 
  the shift to austerity and monetary tightening in 2010-11 was a policy choice ; different ones could have been made . 
  and the reform agenda that now forms europe 's hegemonic ideology may or may not be good for long-term growth - the international monetary fund 's research gives a mixed verdict - but is hardly a sine qua non for the euro 's survival . 
  if one country chooses less growth-friendly policies than others , it must simply accept being a laggard . 
  this is as it should be in a union of democracies . 
  yet untold numbers of independent observers have uncritically bought into the `` no alternative '' rhetoric , without realising that if true , it is a terrible indictment of monetary union . 
  the euro 's goal was to smooth cross-border trade and investment and reinforce the political bonds that prevent a return to past enmities . 
  it was not to remove any choice over the economic models under which different nations wish to live . 
  the fact that alternatives exist is cause for relief , but also for despair . 
  by pretending they do not - and in greece , trying to make this true by closing down the banking system rather than forcing its restructuring - europe betrays its own values . 
  one of the most precious was articulated by voltaire : to defend someone 's right to express , and to live by , a view one deeply disagrees with . 
  europe should hold that principle more highly than its justified scepticism of syriza 's agenda . 
  doing the opposite is a betrayal that can only increase support for extremists left and right . 
   how high are the chances , that you will end up like in germany , where merkel and her band of bads ( the cdu ) became the only viable choice , because all the other options simply are even worse ? 
  one often quoted truism of uk political history is that the labour party never wins elections : the conservative party just sometimes loses them . 
  the conservative party considers itself the `` natural party of government '' and if you look at 19th and 20th century uk history , they did seem to govern for most of it . 
  so with the labour party currently disintegrating , the conservative party ( despite their own ideological internal struggles ) are able to get on with the business of `` government '' very easily . 
  in a sense we are just returning to uk normality . 
  however , there is a wider question that impacts the whole of europe , not just germany and the uk . 
  in an age in which we all accept to greater or lesser degrees that there must be some austerity , what is the point of the left any more ? 
   you would say that , you 're the most right-wing person i 've seen , you 're everywhere . 
  this is n't about what i want . 
  it is about who middle england is going to vote for . 
  if you have not understood that middle england will never vote for a hard left platform , including unilateral disarmament , you have not understood middle england . 
  you can not win an election in the uk without the support of middle england . 
  this is basic demographics and psephology . 
  this guy will never be pm . 
  he will turn people off labour in massive numbers . 
  the uk parliament spent 1000s of hours debating the euro . 
  i 've just been reading some of the debates . 
  essentially the conclusion to the debates was that the euro , as designed , would be unstable and would mean that the uk could not have an independent monetary policy and therefore the uk should not join . 
  i agree that the eurozone should add fiscal transfers to deal with assymetric shocks ... 
  imf should n't give a debt cut . 
  the people that should give a debt cut to the greece are people that decided to share a currency with greece . 
  just so you know , i 'm not downvoting you . 
  this article will be deleted soon . 
  the risk for labour with this strategy is that they will lose even more votes to ukip . 
  solicitors do this in the uk too . 
  source : i am one . 
   then why is it always brits doing it then ? 
  i do n't think we have this brit bashing at all in france . 
  we just have different ways of showing affection . 
  brits show affection by bashing . 
  french show affection by pretending not to notice . 
   every time there 's an interview with a band from glasgow , i listen for half a minute and then think `` right ... '' as i realize i wo n't understand a thing . 
  i also ca n't communicate with people with strong glaswegian accents or people using a lot of scots words ... 
  they can understand my oxford english but it gets embarrassing asking them to repeat themselves five times so i just smile and say `` yes '' . 
  ireland is the only other place in the world where i can ask someone for a cup of tea and they will know exactly what i am talking about . 
  that is kind of important !, 
   the rivalry joke is more of a british thing than a french thing ( our jokes are about belgians ) , probably because we are surrounded with countries we fought wars with while the uk , because of its geographical location , mostly fought france . 
  i agree with most of what you have written , but note that our irish jokes are the equivalent of your belgian jokes . 
  our jokes about the french and our attitude to the french is something else . 
  also , i do n't think it is very much to do with wars . 
  as you say , we have not had a war between ourselves for 200 years and in that time we have been on the same side of many wars . 
  the uk has also had lots of wars against others too , especially germany , spain , netherlands , though i suppose we do n't feel as geographically close to them as you do . 
  i think more than war it is to do with the much longer shared history and the sense of being historic and cultural equals . 
  the uk and france have no other equals in the entire world . 
  there is a certain type of confidence , that shouts out `` empire '' that is only present in the brits and the french . 
  there is a certain kind of beautiful but fallen grandeur that is only present in london and paris and these two cities have been wonderfully connected for centuries . 
  it is kind of strange that after this 1,000 year history we have ended up still somehow equivalent in so many respects . 
  i also think the `` french-bashing '' that we go in for is entirely tongue-in-cheek , though we know you are a tiny bit annoyed by it ( even though you do n't admit it ) and this makes us do it more ... 
  yeah , relax . 
  jews should be totally relaxed about people writing about jews on public buildings . 
  nothing to see here . / s i ca n't understand why people would n't find this concerning . 
  i 'm not sure if the bit of essex close to london is the nicest place on the earth , but glad you like it !, 
  hopefully you are enjoying living in the uk ? 
  no , you must touch terra firma . 
  all of your body being in the sovereign territory of for no minimum period of time . 
  yes , you 're right , this can not just be explained by religion . 
   so i 'm quite sure religion is n't the only thing to blame , and that we should look more closely on how the way muslims are treated and lived in france is likely to produce more criminals than the way they are treated in the uk . 
  or , maybe , we should at how the way the non-muslim population is treated and lives in the uk is likely to produce more criminals than the way they are treated in france ... statistics is a tricky business !, 
   did i said that ? 
  show me your posts where you consider the other causes of the greek crisis . 
  i 'd be interested to read them . 
  i ca n't see them in this thread . 
   if greece as a whole where competent in managing greece we would n \u00b4 t be in the situation we are now , where we ? 
  actually , we likely would be in a difficult situtation even now , as we are currently in not just with greece but multiple other eurozone countries including your own . 
  it simply does not make sense to explain the entire eurozone crisis with the word `` corruption '' . 
  while corruption is undoubtedly a problem , even with all corruption removed from countries like greece and portugal , they would not suddenly turn into germany and the netherlands . 
  there are just too many other factors that impact economic performance , many of which are connected to cultural , historical and geographic factors which are incredibly difficult ( and arguably impossible ) to change . 
  your government and media has over the last few years pursued a relentless `` hurr durr we portugesers are so much better than dem korrupt lazy ineffient greeks , our economy is so much stronger than theirs '' policy . 
  however , the reality is that you are simply the next domino in a monetary union that currently has systemic problems that are not very close to being fixed . 
   i recall applying to work in france but i do not remember them asking for french language as a job requirement . 
  there are jobs in france ? 
  london is pretty much easiest to access in terms of cheap flights . 
  everyone can come to my place . 
  i can feed you all some pizza flavoured english french toast . 
  fortunately the uk is not in the euro , so the uk is able , when its economic fortunes diverge from those of the eurozone such as now , to put in place monetary policy that differs from that of the eurozone . 
  this is just terribly , terribly sad . 
  however , it is more than just sad . 
  it is a consequence of policy decisions made by our governments and for this we should be angry as well as sad . 
  as long as we have a situation in place whereby dangerous boats set sail from libya towards italy , there will be many deaths by drowing .
