  keep calm and carry on shopping !, 
  brexit just killed that plan . 
  you are welcome !, 
   all experts i have seen are talking about the world after the uk leaves the eu , not about the world after the referendum before article 50 . 
  brexit should not be seen as an event , but a process . 
  in reality the referendum was simply one step in the process and not the first step or the last step . 
  article 50 is also just another step . 
  also , when we leave formally , that wo n't be the last step either as there will likely be transition arrangements and so forth . 
  however , economic agents ( individuals and businesses ) in the uk and elsewhere are now operating with brexit in mind and the fact that the assumption that the uk will leave the eu has not seemed to harm the uk economy is a very interesting one . 
  ok . that is interesting . 
  i guess it is a bit like a lot of people in the uk do n't know or care about stuff happening in either baltics or balkans . 
  as far as we are concerned baltics and balkans are basically the same thing and if they are different we still do n't know which is which or what the differences are ... ;(, 
  we used to have burns night parties at university ( cambridge ) . 
  also , my grandfather ( who was born above a pub in glasgow ) used to love the scots grace ( which i still think is very beautiful ) : `` some hae meat an canna eat , and some wad eat that want it ; but we hae meat , and we can eat , and sae let the lord be thank it . '', 
  after reading that i am revising upwards my opinion of scots !, 
  i would say that as a language it really lends itself well to poetry . 
  it is a lot easier to understand written down than spoken . 
   we can only tell the effect a few years after uk have completed the process we will never know for certain what the consequences will be , because ( i ) we will never know what would have happened if we voted remain and ( ii ) the consequences started happening as soon as it became clear that leave would win and will continue for generations . 
  in this sense it will be like asking now whether or not the french revolution was a success . 
  it is still too early to tell . 
  what we can say already is that those people who predicted a recession upon voting leave have been proved wrong . 
   we 've had quite a bit of mist the past few weeks fog in the channel ? 
  continent isolated ? 
  why do latvians have `` it 's complicated '' for the former yugoslavia ? 
  is it because that area is a very complicated area inherently , or is there some complicated side to latvia 's relationship with that area ? 
  username checks out . 
  i agree . 
  iceland is also looking closely to see what uk does next and will also start having questions about eea membership . 
   iirc her party is in favour of norwegian eu membership yes , she was devastated that the uk voted to leave the eu because it effectively kills dead the idea that norway will join the eu and also means that the question of eea membership will become much more potent in norwegian politics . 
   if you 're going to turn the currency into a policy tool , you 're going back in time to when every other government was playing around it , with no end it sight . 
  the ecb already has a `` general economic policies '' tool under article 127 of the tfeu . 
   you can argue that the pound is `` too strong '' for newcastle , so on and so forth . 
  you can and this is why the uk has national debt and large fiscal transfers . 
   and , when i was young , the only currency in the world was the dollar and everyone else was pegged to it . 
  friends and family striked to get their salaries denominated in dollars . 
  that is the reality of the world that people have forgotten , that the currency that people want is one that they can rely on . 
  so , are you suggesting that the ecb should not have undertaken monetary policy measures that would cause the value of the euro to fall relative to the dollar ? 
  and if the ecb should be able to do this , why not the central bank of portugal ? 
  do n't worry , a lot of people are still on suicide watch since brexit . 
   then what 's the point of having your own currency if your bank does what the ecb does and simply manages inflation ? 
  not all central banks have exactly the same mandate . 
  for example , the boe 's mandate places greater relative weight on supporting economic growth and jobs whereas the ecb 's mandate places greater relative weight on price stability . 
  also , even if the boe and the ecb had exactly the same mandate , there still might be need for different currencies if inflation rates were different in the uk compared to the eurozone . 
   a `` weaker currency '' means a fast devaluation of , to use a historical phrase , the pound in your pocket . 
  your salary is then worth less , your savings are worth less , and now you 've `` become competative '' by becoming cheaper labour . 
  are you arguing here that the ecb should not allow the euro to devalue relative to the dollar and that there should only be one currency in the world ? 
  you can be outside the euro but not give politicians control of monetary policy but instead vest that power in an independent central bank . 
  depressingly it seems impossible for the eu either to move forwards or backwards on the euro and instead now seems to be resigned to having an unfinished economic and monetary union on a permanent basis . 
  there is no escape . 
  i had hoped that brexit would provide wonderful opportunity for eu politicians , that they would effectively be forced to ask themselves the really difficult questions about what the eu is for and what to do about the euro . 
  unfortunately they seem not to be taking this opportunity . 
   but i really do n't see how he would be a good diplomat/negotiator . 
  he would be terrible at these things . 
  the good news is that he is not a diplomat or a negotiator and wo n't become one . 
   the funding was for ukip russia did not fund ukip . 
   i think the 27 % refers to the proportion of the population i do n't think it is at all useful to use a figure which includes new born babies who do not get to vote . 
  the turnout figure is a relevant figure as is the share of the vote that each side got . 
  leave won by a small but clear margin on a high turn out . 
   you seem incapable of believing that perhaps not everyone believes in direct democracy . 
  i agree that not everyone likes direct democracy to the same extent , but almost all of them accept that scotland should have had a referendum on independence and almost all of them accept that it works very well in switzerland . 
   actually the recession was thought to be more likely after leaving the eu , not just the vote . 
  no , hmt 's report specifically said that voting would cause a recession . 
   and will massively harm our financial sector . 
  we wo n't harm it . 
  you can have a great financial centre outside the eu ( see singapore ) . 
   my point is that there are far more countries in terrible economic situations with the same legal system as the uk than success stories . 
  india is actually developing fast , but suffers from corruption , that the uk , nz , aus and ca do not suffer from . 
  however , the common law is certainly something that the uk and india do share and , in the future , this could be a good shared asset . 
   we still fundamentally are surrounded by things , most of which come from abroad . 
  with brexit we will be able to reduce tariffs so get cheaper imports ( which is a good thing ) . 
   actually they argued that the vote alone would have a significant impact , which it has . 
  actually , they said there would be a recession . 
  uk is fastest growing economy in the g7 . 
   err yes they do . 
  they 've inherited common law from the uk . 
  they have dutch-roman common law . 
   both are city states . 
  if london were to go it alone and declare independence , then london would be comparable to hk and singapore . 
  but in addition to london there is a whole 4 more countries called `` england '' , `` scotland '' , `` wales '' , and `` northern ireland '' . 
  you ca n't possibly compare wales to hong kong , or even england to hong kong , outside of the south east . 
  i am simply pointing out that you do n't need resources to be successful . 
  there are successful countries without many resources and unsuccessful countries with them . 
   things still need to physically get there . 
  you ca n't send a car through a copper cable . 
  actually lots of things can be sold over the internet ( e.g. 
  legal advice , accountancy , music , computer programmes etc ), 
  they did n't fund farage . 
  as for media - all media sources heavily feature farage . 
  the media generally love him . 
  they argued that voting to leave would cause a recession . 
  ( sorry i miswrote the above . ), 
   and no , many have been making plans and preparations for when the uk does leave the eu . 
  but this has not harmed the economy , which is the important point . 
  things like a legal system have a lot do with economics actually /  zimbabwe shares all of those things with the uk except for head of state . 
  so really none of that shit matters when it comes to economic success . 
  zimbabwe does not have the common law in the same way that aus/nz and ca do . 
   we have no geological wealth any more . 
  we do have some ( shale ) but this is not needed to be a successful country ( see singapore or hong kong ) . 
   location does matter . 
  trying to replace trade with the eu with trade with other countries is a fool 's errand .
