  the two words are not entirely synonmous . 
  [ here is a good explanation of the difference ] ( http://www.grammarly.com/answers/questions/79-whats-the-difference-between-precise-and-accurate/ ) . 
  you 're welcome, 
   that does n't even make sense in english . 
  `` accurate '' is a synonym for `` precise '' . 
  how can something be `` precise '' and `` imprecise '' ? 
  `` accurate '' and `` precise '' are not exactly synonymous . 
  `` accurate '' can mean technically correct , but not the full picture . 
  `` precise '' means the full picture . 
   if you decide not to enter , you should not be surprised if you end left behind on the outside . 
  that 's true , except for the fact that the people on inside are being left behind , not the people on the outside . 
  she is n't very well known anywhere outside italy really . 
  i guess she will start being better known now . 
  i am not in scotland - i am in england ... 
  what do you think a nation is ? 
  a nation is a group of peoples with a defined and coherent culture and history and tradition , perhaps with a distinct language , distinct traditions , distinct legal systems , distinct religion and literature and so forth . 
  recognition as such has nothing to with it - being a nation is an objective thing , not a subjective thing . 
  scotland is evidently and clearly a nation . 
  it is not of itself a nation state , but a nation in a political union with england and wales . 
  but that does not mean it is not a nation . 
  thus , if one wants a europe of regions rather than nations , citing scotland is not a good example . 
  in the uk the role of germany is seem as crucial to the whole brexit debate . 
  the belief among some brits is that whether or not britain gets any concessions will depend totally on germany . 
  everyone is european apart from the japanese , i guess . 
  the anglo-saxons are the one true european race . 
  i am in athens and fly back to london tomorrow . 
  i think easy travel will continue for brits even without the eu !, 
  but you 're right about the french ... 
  no , brits are not isolationist . 
  we have had centuries of travelling round the globe !, 
  the uk will continue to play an active role on the world stage once it has quit the eu - with links to europe , the anglosphere and the whole community of liberal democracies . 
  so it is n't a shame . 
  i think the eu will work fine without the uk in it . 
  you can be a federal state in no time at all . 
  there wo n't be any problems at all and germany and france will get on great . 
  ( evil smile ... !!! ), 
  i 'm not really that supportive of ukip , they are simply a vehicle that is currently useful to achieve an objective . 
  however , i do think the uk should leave the eu . 
  this obviously gets me a tonne of downvotes constantly on this sub . 
  i was involved briefly in student politics and there were frequently processes to select people that i would describe as elections - result not known beforehand , secret ballot and so forth . 
  this secretion of tusk seems very different from that kind of process . 
  personally i am not really too fussed about benefits . 
  that is a bit of a detail to me that is n't really that important . 
  even once the uk leaves the eu i am happy for eu citizens to get some benefits in the uk . 
  i care more about sovereignty . 
  the uk can still be a great asset to europe , but if you want federation , you need to be realistic about the uk not being in it . 
  people who want a federal europe should encourage ukip . 
  the uk is the main obstacle stopping a federal europe . 
  if you want a federal europe you should support a brexit and join me in ukip . 
  that way we both reach our goals . 
  scotland is not a region , it is a nation . 
  the political party that wants scottish independence is called the scottish national party . 
  i agree . 
  personally i do n't consider that the word `` election '' is the correct term for this kind of consensus driven way of making a decision . 
  or , if election is the correct word , then the same word should also be used to describe the appointment of mogherini , given that the council process is identical . 
  the fact that there is a further parliament process in the case of mogherini does n't change what the council did . 
  i agree that the process is not unusual . 
  i just do n't think that this process is an election . 
  i think it is an appointment . 
  i think if you have a dinner and reach a consensus at that dinner , then there has n't really been a vote in any meaningful sense . 
  yes , it is . 
  i think it is an election if there is actually a vote . 
  also , if we are happy to use `` appoint '' in relation to mogherini , i think we should be able to use that word in relation to tusk ( not withstanding the fact that there is a further step for mogherini ) . 
  i agree the debate is a semantic one though . 
  i am interested in semantics and am happy to put energy into a discussion about that !, 
  i think in circumstances where there everyone agrees something after a discussion , then there has n't been an election . 
  i think appointment would be a better word to describe this process . 
  is what the council does in relation to tusk really an election ? 
  was there a vote ? 
  why did he use the word `` elected '' in relation to tusk , but then `` appointed '' in relation to mogherini ? 
  under what legal basis ? 
  is your claim that sweden does not have a fair justice system ? 
  under the european arrest warrant system , the uk has no grounds to reject the extradition request from sweden . 
  the allegations come from sweden . 
  it is not for the uk to question the allegations which are nothing to do with the uk . 
  asange should go to sweden and make his case . 
  she 's a woman , from a southern country and on the centre left . 
  that is three huge points in her favour , it would seem ... 
  the reason the left are more to blame here is because rotherham have been run by labour for years . 
  lower productivity but more employment is far better than the other way round though . 
  the left in the uk is so afraid of `` racism '' that they would rather people were raped than have to think about the ethnicity of the rapists . 
  liking the euro does not change the fact that it has not created the jobs or prosperity or trade it was meant to create , as this study shows . 
  thatcherism worked well for britain . 
  today 's thatcherite politics have created in the last two years more jobs in the uk than the rest of the eu put together . 
  the problems with the euro are not really thatcher 's fault . 
  she told greece etc it would cause you problems . 
  do n't blame the telegraph for reporting the views of a think tank . 
  blame the thinktank who did the study . 
  or , better yet , blame the euro . 
  britain is not in recession and thatcher left office 24 years ago . 
  comparing thatcher , someone who was elected in a democracy three times in succession , with stalin is deluded . 
  we had this problem in the 1970s . 
  then thatcher came and did battle with the unions and won . 
  unions can be beaten . 
  you just need a leader with balls . 
  please stop breaching rediquette . 
  it is n't me telling you what to do , it is the rules and regulations of r/europe . 
  if you do n't want to follow these rules , please go elsewhere . 
  not quite . 
  but he definitely wants the option to campaign to get the uk out if that is what is necessary to stay in power in the uk .
