  in my mind the reason why there is no media outcry is because there is no `` european public '' to aim this story at . 
  and thus there is no european media . 
  media is largely at the local or national level for people . 
  thus while italian taxpayers and british taxpayers are paying for maire geoghergan 's lavish lifestyle after she has stopped working , there will be nothing in the italian media or the british media about it and there is n't any european media . 
   humoring the delusions of british eurosceptics has proven toxic to any attempt at reasonable discussion . 
  however , if you ignore euscepticism and do n't respond to british concerns , they will increase and brexit comes ever closer ( which is great news for everyone ) . 
   for which definition of fairness ? 
  if everyone gets out of it roughly what they put in , redistribution becomes impossible , and that 's one of the key functions of a political instrument . 
  as mentioned several times already in this thread , i am not arguing that everyone should get out of it what they put in . 
  i agree that net contributions should be linked to gdp . 
  when net contributions are linked to gdp , redistribution is possible and the countries with greater gdp ( like uk and france ) will get less out of it than they put in . 
   it subsidises agriculture in europe . 
  it does exactly what it was intended to do : encouraging farming ( there obviously are improvements possible in the policy , but that 's not the point ) . 
  how is that unfair ? 
  it 's as if oxford would complain that they are not getting lighthouse subsidies from the central authority . 
  well , that 's because they have no harbour . 
  france and the uk have equivalent wealth . 
  therefore it does not make sense for the uk to be subsidising french agriculture . 
  france can do this . 
  i find it astonishing that you think that it is right that the uk gets much less out of the eu budget than france does . 
  i can only assume that this comes from a hatred of the uk . 
   but all i gave was an example how a general policy can disproportionally benefit one region within a political entity . 
  and this should only happen in circumstances in which the region benefitted is less wealthy than the region providing the benefits . 
   ... britons do n't need money ? 
  they do n't need to get money from the eu in relation to floods . 
  the brits have this money , brits can afford it already . 
   `` wait and see '' for a while or , as we say here in london , in relation to financial restructuring : `` amend , extend and pretend '' ... 
   other countries do n't spontaneously agree on everything either . 
  the difference is that they put their grieves on the negotiation table , get some concessions on these points from others , concede some points themselves and then you get an agreement , not everyone doing their own preference . 
  the uk has made huge concessions in the eu too . 
  lots of things the uk has signed up to are not remotely the uk 's preference . 
   it 's called cooperation . 
  just stop pretending you 're in favor of cooperation - actions speak louder than words . 
  i am in favour of all kinds of co-operation : nato , unsc , commonwealth , international trade , uk/french defence treaties etc etc. 
  it is odd to imply that because i want the uk to pull out of the eu i am not in favour of any international co-operation . 
   a political consciousness did n't exist between cambridgeshire and dorset either , but do n't you think it turned out okay ? 
  while cambridgeshire and dorset were not always part of the same kingdom , they never had indepedent political consciounesses from each other , in the sense that when they were separate there was no real democracy . 
  democracy got going in england in parallel with a joint political consciouness between dorset and cambridgeshire . 
   no , it 's an organizational principle . 
  one that makes many policies pointless . 
  you believe that the gross contributions should be related to gdp . 
  this is also an `` organisational principle '' . 
  why bother connecting gross contributions to gdp at all ? 
  why not just say that each country has to pay an amount connected to the population size ? 
  the answer to this is because that would obviously be unfair on the poorer countries . 
  it makes no sense for you to want fairness in relation to contributions , but to not want fairness in relation to benefits . 
   and ? 
  subsidies are for farmers . 
  less farmers -  less subsidies . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  personally i am against subsidising farmers at all , but that is another discussion . 
  however , obviously your proposal , in which the uk has to subsidise french agriculture , is totally unfair . 
   then you have a lot of work to do within the uk . 
  in what respects are there tax-breaks for financial institutions in the uk that are n't there for other industries ? 
   assuming it 's true , why is that relevant ? 
  i was responding to an analogy you introduced . 
  i 'm not sure why you introduced it . 
   they were offered assistance , but refusing it . 
  that does n't make sense , until you consider that they 're running a `` what has the eu ever done for us ? '', 
  campaign , and it would backfire politically if they gave their opponents such an easy way to disprove their assertion . 
  so they refuse help for britons just to solidify their own political position of power . 
  britons do n't need this help from the eu . 
  so the uk government was right to refuse it . 
   but you generally agree with the uk 's policy to nag for opt-outs and special negotiated arrangements for almost everything . 
  that 's inconsistent . 
  actually , my strong and repeatedly expressed preference is for the uk to leave the eu asap . 
  however , to the extent that the uk stays in the eu , the uk 's arrangements should reflect what the uk want , which is in many cases different from what others in the eu want . 
  for example , the uk does n't want the euro , while the rest of the eu does . 
  that 's why opt-outs are important . 
  however , none of this is inconsistent with my belief in general terms in international co-operation . 
  it should be in the interests of both parties and in many instances it is . 
  the uk can and will obviously co-operate with much of the world from outside the eu ( as many nations in the world currently do ) . 
   and there never will be as long as there are people who make a point of it to cultivate dislike against the eu . 
  so the question remains : why ? 
  actually , shared political consciousness is not to do with `` like '' . 
  i like the people in the eu , just as i like the people in japan and the people in ethiopia . 
  liking is not enough for forming a political consciousness . 
  i do n't believe that elites should try and force a political consciousness on peoples where one does n't currently exist . 
   there are plenty of backbenchers and other less important politicians willing to scapegoat the eu , even though it happens that they are forced into the same party due to the first-past-the-post system . 
  and then i 'm not even talking about the media ... 
  yes , those backbenchers ( with very few exceptions ) are still generally more pro-eu than most of the british public . 
  again , the uk media taken as a whole is more pro-eu than the british public . 
   bankers ' bonus tax , the financial transactions tax and the short-selling ban . 
  actually , i did n't speak out against them per se . 
  i spoke out about them being decided by brussels rather than wesminster . 
  however , when looking at the detail , i do think that they are poor policies because : - the bankers bonus tax just means that bankers get more money for non-performance related work . 
  the consequence of this has been that bankers have less incentive to perform well . 
  in general , taxation should not focus on the pay of people in specific industries or focus on specific components of pay , but look at the entire pay package and consider each industry equally . 
  - the financial transactions tax : financial transactions are helpful things so should not be discouraged . 
  the best way to tax banks is to tax the profits banks make rather than individual transactions of banks . 
  - and the short-selling ban : this one ultimately never works . 
  if the value of securities are going down , they go down . 
  stopping short-selling just gets rid of liquidity . 
   essentially if any one party can lie to get elected , every other party has to lie to get elected or they wo n't be able to appeal to as many voters as others - at least in single elections . 
  this is n't quite what i think happens . 
  as the electorate , we have multiple decades of experience with our current political parties and the extent to which they abide by their manifesto commitments . 
  we are able , in a democracy , to make voting decisions partly on the basis of our level of trust , which is partly a function of multiple years of experience . 
  we are also able to create new political parties if we are not satisfied with the current ones . 
   after 1 or 2 parliaments cameron will be gone anyway ( so little long term consequences of lying ) so we will have to decide anew whether we believe the next set of leaders or not . 
  manifestos are not just from the leader , they are from the entire party .
