  the uk has no eternal allies and no perpetual enemies . 
  things change . 
   if the uk wishes to remain in the common market uk is not staying in the common market . 
   is essential since the whole economy is built upon trade with europe it is not essential . 
  we will keep on trading with europe from outside the single market . 
   loads of countries not in the eu and exactly 0 countries worldwide who got into the eu , established the common market as the foundation of their economy , and then left . 
  we are pioneers in that respect , i agree . 
  but , do we really think that the uk is not going to be able to do this ? 
  that the only way the uk can be effective is in the eu ? 
  that just seems like nonsense to me . 
   as dan schmoe who spent his entire life studying economics [ dan schome , who spent his entire life studying economics , made some big mistakes . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/e94c96a2-d3e3-11e6-b06b-680c49b4b4c0 ) we need to give experts some credence , but also realise that they can be wrong . 
  in relation to the consequences of the uk vote , they got things wrong . 
   except for the fact that you think it is great when the vast majority are uneducated and have a vote on something based mainly off of lies and prejudice . 
  i do n't think the vast majority are uneducated or had a vote based off lies and prejudice . 
   do you really think that the public in the uk have a greater say now ? 
  yes . 
  things that were previously eu law will now be able to be changed more easily , heightening democracy . 
  it is wonderful that we both accept that people who have learning difficulties , people that are ill-informed or uneducated , old people , poor people , people that want to leave the eu , should all have the vote . 
  i am glad about this . 
   the threats now present in democracy i think being in the eu was a big threat to our democracy , but it now our democracy has been enhanced . 
   that agreed stance will be important in negotiations with the eu . 
  it should be there sooner rather than later . 
  the stance will evolve depending on the views of the eu . 
  but the uk will go into the negotiations prepared to walk away with nothing signed at all . 
   how many european countries are not in the eu ? 
  loads , but really , this does not matter . 
  being inside the continent of europe is not going to hold the uk back . 
  if new zealand can manage being at the back arse of nowhere , the uk can manage being a cold and windswept island 20 miles from france . 
   of these , how many countries want to be in the eu and have applied to do so ? 
  switzerland , iceland , norway are holding out . 
  but even if they all were to join , that is neither here nor there when it comes to the uk . 
   you clearly thought i wanted to destroy the uk 's democracy . 
  even if you did n't call me fascist by name . 
  your earlier implication was that ill-informed people should not have the vote . 
  i am glad that this is not your view and that you accept that people should be able to vote whether or not they are ill-informed . 
  the uk will put in place free trade agreements with the us and the eu . 
  ultimately it is best for the uk to do this itself . 
   and yet you persisted , in spite of clear evidence , in assuming i was a fascist , and using strawman after strawman . 
  i did not call you a fascist and i am glad that you agree with me that the franchise should not exclude people who are ill-informed . 
   failing this , leave it to parliament , our elected representatives . 
  our elected representatives wanted us to have a referendum . 
   that 's the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
  you 've scared me now . 
  if you are afraid of the uk not being in the eu , then perhaps get under your blanket and stay there . 
  have you ever been to a country that was not in the eu ? 
  was it scary ? 
   would you let economists vote on the best way to bake bread and crumpets ? 
  yes , i would . 
  i would let anyone vote on this . 
   there should be a test , are you competent enough , do you know what the fuck you are talking about yes/no ? 
  part of being a liberal democracy is having an open franchise where votes of ignorant people count the same as votes of right thinking people . 
   the public into shooting itself in the foot the public did not shoot itself in the foot , they voted to leave the eu . 
  there are lots of countries in the world not in the eu , we will be like one of them . 
  if you love the eu so much , your country can take our place !, 
  if you try and invade , we will fight back !, 
  be afraid !, 
   why is the public being allowed to decide ? 
  the public wanted to decide . 
  the government is there to serve the public , not the other way round . 
   remembering that it is expected to take 7-10 years for the uk to set up trade agreements outside the eu . 
  why ? 
  australia and usa put in place a trade agreement in less than two years . 
  why would the uk be so slow ? 
   i said do n't have a referendum when the vast majority of people are so poorly educated on a subject , and take measures to ensure that they are better educated . 
  the people wanted a referendum though . 
  that is the crucial test in my view . 
   is parliamentary democracy fascism in your view as well ? 
  no , of course not . 
  i simply wanted you to confirm that you accept that people can continue to vote however ill-informed they might be . 
  that was not clear from some of the things you have written . 
   but of course to you criticism of the state of education i agree that the state of education in the uk can be criticised . 
  i agree that a referendum is a different exercise from a general election , but they have some similarities . 
  they both allow the electorate ( who may or may not be informed ) to decide things . 
  leaving or staying in the eu is a policy decision and whether or not the decision is made by general election or by referendum , we are still allowing people to express a view on something they may not be informed about . 
  the uk referendum on the eu was not something that happened suddenly on a whim , instead it had years of build up , was passed under legislation , was a manifesto commitment for several political parties and is now part of an ongoing judicial and legislative process . 
  in my view this is exactly how that kind of issue should be decided . 
   problem comes when the vast majority are capable but are not informed . 
  do you think they should have the vote or not ? 
  i think they should have the vote . 
   except they wo n't know until it is too late . 
  they can decide whether or not to risk it . 
  if parliament does not want the government to exercise article 50 , they could stop it now . 
   actually the uk government has explicitly said they wo n't get one . 
  very shortly after may took office . 
  she did n't quite say that , she was careful with her words . 
  however , what is clear is that the scottish people do not want one . 
   i talk of the people collectively . 
  if the vast majority are completely ignorant then they do n't vote . 
  i have no idea what you mean concretely here . 
  we will have a general election at some time over the next four years . 
  some of the electorate will be more informed than others , but all the electorate can vote . 
  presumably you are not trying to remove some people from the franchise . 
   of course , because i dare criticise democracy in the uk you assume i am a fascist and want to destroy democracy . 
  that is pathetic . 
  you are more than welcome to argue about the nature of our democracy ( personally i think arguing about this kind of thing is a good and welcome thing ) but i wanted to find out exactly what you mean about the franchise . 
  do you accept that people who are poorly educated and ill-informed should still have the vote ? 
  no , i am telling you that some people in the uk are incapable of this and you seem to want to take away their right to vote . 
   how can anyone question the government 's views if the government refuses to talk ? 
  how can policy be democratically decided if the government keeps it to themselves like some dictator ?
