  therefore i draw the conclusion that the ez crisis helps the uk immensely . 
  it is true that the eurozone crisis and immgration into the uk from southern europe are linked and that the former has partly caused the latter . 
  it is also true that immigration into the uk and growth are linked , though it is less clear here if the former causes the latter or is a consequence of the latter or are they are two things caused by a third thing . 
  however , it really does n't make sense to say that the eurozone crisis caused immigration into the uk which caused the uk to benefit , therefore the eurozone crisis caused the uk to benefit . 
  you need also to consider that immigration into the uk is caused by other factors too . 
  and also that the eurozone crisis causes other things in the uk , like a reduced appetite for uk exports . 
  also , i only used six words , not seven . 
  he ca n't count the `` the '' as i would have needed to use it anyway to make the sentence grammatical . 
   upvote for saying variation or delta in 7 words . 
  i 'm a lawyer , not a maths guy ... ;-), 
   europe has a surplus of cheap labour , the uk is a growing economy that needs cheap labour in order to sustain itself and its aging population . 
  immigration into the uk has benefitted the uk , but immigration into the uk is not dependent on either the eu or the eurozone crisis . 
  the uk has had high levels of immigration at other times in its history ( e.g. 
  1950s ) well before we joined the then eec . 
  and we also had high immigration during the last decade , well before the eurozone crisis started . 
  separately , there have been other negative consequences for the uk economy that have resulted from the eurozone crisis . 
  low growth in the eurozone has meant less appetite for uk exports . 
   if the eurozone inevitably leads to fiscal union ( an hypothesis i 'm not entirely sure holds , but let 's consider it ) , then the choice for germany is whether it wants a single ( and weaker ) currency that helps its exports at the price of internal transfers , or its own seperate ( but stronger ) currency that disadvantage its exports but with not transfers to other states . 
  i agree that the hypothesis does not completely hold . 
  judging by the last few years , the eurozone does not really seem to be leading to a fiscal union inevitably . 
  germany has decades of experience of a strong hard currency called the deutsche mark . 
  they seemed to be relatively happy with their ability to export with the d mark . 
  i 'm sure that from a purely rational perspective , germans would not be worried about their ability to export high end products with a hard currency . 
  obviously the choice is much more complex than that and political factors outweigh economic factors . 
  the choice is more embracing the european project wholeheartedly or destroying the european project . 
  if germany reverts to the d-mark , the eu is finished . 
  that 's the choice ... 
   id say the main benefactor of the ez crisis is the uk and some smaller newer entries into the eu . 
  in what way has the uk benefitted from the eurozone crisis ? 
  ( the only thing it has given us is schadenfreude and we were smug enough already ... ), 
  whether or not it is an albratross , other countries are joining the eurozone , like the baltics . 
  seems like romania is getting closer too . 
  that is the interesting question . 
  why are different countries doing different things / different peoples wanting different things ? 
  very interesting , thanks . 
  at this rate i do n't think we will see poland join the eurozone in the forseeable future . 
  what do you think would be required for polish attitudes to change ? 
  i would have thought that both ( i ) eurozone to resolve the crisis ( i.e. 
  fix both growth and unemployment ) and ( ii ) polish economy to falter , would be required . 
  neither of these conditions are really looking likely at the moment . 
  i also think that the longer poland stays outside the eurozone and does fine outside it , the political appetite to join the eurozone will start to tire ( as seems to have happened in the uk and sweden ) . 
  in this respect it seems that the attitude of poles to their currency is a bit different from the attitude of the baltics , who i think see eurozone membership as another necessary condition for demonstrating that they are good europeans and outside russia 's sphere of influence . 
  it seems like something very different is going on in poland . 
  76 % is in roughly the same ball-park as sweden right now , is n't it ? 
  the interesting thing about this kind of poll is n't always the number , it is the direction of travel of the number . 
  how does 76 % compare with the same poll a year ago ? 
  are poles becoming more or less keen on eurozone membership ? 
  looking at your link , the uk is just above sweden . 
  any figures that are more recent than 2012 ? 
  yeah , the idea of turning britain into a kind of britzerland does appeal to a lot of eusceptics . 
  though the reality is that it would take generations for the uk to catch up with switzerland ... 
  there are around 500,000 people working in financial services related jobs in the city - so i 'm not sure if that is `` relatively few '' . 
  kind of incredible when you think about it ... 
  i never heard the longer version ... 
   do you think a no to a brexit referendum cause ukip to lose traction ? 
  the brexit referendum , whatever its outcome , could radically reshape british politics . 
  whatever the outcome , ukip will likely lose traction . 
   i think whats happened is ukip have been stealing mostly from the conservative voter base . 
  it did seem at first the ukip were taking votes mostly from conservatives , however , this no longer seems to be the case if you look at the data . 
  [ looking at the rise of ukip over the last 24 months , it does not seem to coincide with a fall in the conservative vote ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_united_kingdom_general_election ) . 
  in this time the conservative vote seems ( with a few blips ) to have been stagnant . 
  and instead the labour share of the vote seems to be falling . 
  something much more complex is going on than simply conservatives moving to ukip . 
  taking voters from labour 's core also seems to be ukip 's strategy going forwards , which is why they spent so much in the north on their eu election campaign and why they did their conference in doncaster . 
  in my mind this is one of the reasons why labour are now regularly below 35percent in the polls . 
  and this is going to make the next election very interesting . 
  i 've heard it a couple of times from argentinians - i 'm not sure if it really is a thing anymore or just something said to me because they knew i was a brit . 
   british ex-colonies . 
  the people that are desperately trying to get to england are from afghanistan , syria , ... not people from french ex-colonies like cameroon , senegal , algeria , ... from reports i have read the majority of the calais migrants are from eritrea and somalia and those from afghanistan and syria are in a small minority . 
  the reason that an eritrean or a somalian wants to get to britain and does not want to stay in france is not really a function of empire . 
  it is a function of other things ( employment prospects , family connections , perception of the uk , welfare state , english language ... ), 
  the relationship between spain and south america does n't seem to be completely straightforward . 
  i 'm not going to get into that , but your post reminded me of that classic joke that argentinians sometimes tell : `` an argentinian is an italian who speaks spanish who thinks he is british . '', 
   thats understandable but does n't changing position give ukip more legitimacy ? 
  which changed position are you thinking of here ? 
  for better or worse , ukip have managed to gain legitimacy irrespective of what the other parties are doing . 
  ultimately in a democracy legitimacy is derived from the ballot box . 
  ukip have been doing well at the ballot box since the middle of 2012 ( notably in the uk local elections in 2013 and 2014 in the eu elections in 2014 ) and it is these results give ukip legitimacy . 
  politics is about achieving power while balancing principle and pragmatism . 
  there is both an ideological principled element to it in which politicials seek to lead the electorate , but there is also a pragmatic element to it in which politicians should allow themselves to be moved by the electorate . 
  if the views of the electorate shift ( and , arguably , the ukip phenomenon is indicative of that shift ) then political parties ca n't completely ignore that shift . 
  ken clarke , with his scruffy appearance and heavy drinking and smoking lifestyle , is a nice enough chap i 'm sure and definitely cut from a different cloth than most of the current crop of westminster parliamentarians . 
  on europe , however , nobody is listening to him anymore . 
  his views on europe are completely at odds with mainstream opinion in the uk , let alone mainstream opinion in the conservative party . 
  his continued belief that at some stage the uk should join the euro now puts him on an extreme fringe within the conservative party , which shows just how much the conserative party has shifted on europe . 
  once ken clarke leaves westminster in 2015 , his branch of the conservative party will be lost forever : it is likely that the conservative party that is in westminster in 2015 will be more eusceptical than the current one . 
   that a civil right can lapse . 
  it lapses , but only if an individual chooses to let it lapse . 
  medieval seems somehow the wrong word here . 
   but it 's still quite different from other european countries ( france comes to mind ) in which citizens abroad are prized , indeed pampered constituencies . 
  this is just another of the classic differences between those countries with common law traditions ( e.g. 
  uk ) and those with civil law traditions ( e.g. 
  france ) . 
  in the uk citizenship ( and thereby right to vote ) has traditionally been more of a pragmatic thing , based on residence ( jus soli ) whereas in france citizenship has been more of an ideological thing , based on family ( jus sanguinis ) . 
  in general terms , doing things differently from other european countries is not , of itself , a bad thing . 
   restricting the right to vote of citizens abroad , even only after 15 years , is also difficult to defend . 
  it is n't as if they are n't affected by decisions in westminster . 
  the only possible justification is that they do n't pay british taxes , people that have lived outside the uk more than 15 years are , for the most part , hardly affected by decisions of westminster . 
  for the most part people that have lived outside the uk for 15 years wo n't be coming back and frequently they might have gained voting rights elsewhere . 
  i agree that voting should not be dependent on taxation , but i think a link between taxation and representation should not be severed entirely .
