  that is called getting a say . 
   you logic does n't seem to hold , a great number of your mps were voted for on a pro-european mandate , your pm was a remain candidate ?? 
  yes , but they get to do what the people tell them . 
   i think you know i was asking the `` why '' to voted the way you did , not the outcome of your vote . 
  tangible reasons for wanting out ? 
  to ensure that eu law does not have primacy over uk law . 
   this is not much of an argument . 
  stable does n't necessarily mean good . 
  while stable does not mean good , instability does mean bad . 
  however , not only have the uk 's democratic arrangements been stable , they have also produced good outcomes . 
  you sound butthurt that the uk did not want to be in the eu and is now doing better because we are leaving it . 
  good luck with your union !, 
  that is great news for ireland and the uk < 3, 
   the referendum day poll was wrong and was invalidated by the brexit vote . 
  polls do n't get invalidated . 
  they remain data points . 
  new polls , with equivalent ways of producing data , should be compared against like ways of producing data . 
   you 're comparing a present prediction with a past prediction that was proven to be false . 
  this makes no sense . 
  it makes exact sense because the way of making the prediction is the same way as the current poll . 
  i am comparing like with like . 
   again , brexit has n't happened . 
  yes , but all economic agents believe brexit will happen and are continuing to invest . 
   all of those investments are possible because brexit has n't happened and the uk still benefits from being an eu member . 
  those investments were made knowing that brexit is going to happen . 
  but they were still made . 
   you 're also trying to compare present day predictions with past ones that were disproved by the official brexit vote in order to create a false narrative . 
  the most recent poll is statistically in line with all recent polling . 
  it is also in line with the referendum result . 
  there has been no statistical change . 
   the eu is under no such obligation , whether it 's needed or not . 
  the eu can not just say `` oh , uk decided to leave , that 's fine , no need to make any changes '' . 
   is no other reason for circumventing an act of parliament and holding an early ge . 
  an overwhelming number of mps decided to vote for a general election . 
   the public will have no say on this , it will be too late . 
  we voted for mps promising a referendum . 
  then we voted in the referendum . 
  now we are voting again in a general election . 
  we have a say . 
   out of interest can you walk me through your thought process as you did n't vote for anything ( it was unknown ) , you voted against something , the status quo ( eu membership ) . 
  i voted to leave the eu because that is what i wanted . 
  i wanted the british government to take the uk out of the eu . 
  i am glad that the government is listening to me ( this is normal in democracies ) . 
   that poll was inalidated by the brexit vote result . 
  you 're comparing apples and oranges . 
  no , i am comparing polls against polls , i.e. 
  apples against apples . 
  you are comparing polls against a referendum , i.e. 
  apples against oranges . 
   if one poll was inaccurate , that does n't mean that all polls are . 
  if you want to really understand polling , you would understand that this latest poll is not statistically significant . 
   companies have already begun moving at least some of their assets to other eu countries . 
  uk continues to grow strongly and have low unemployment , and uk continue to generate inwards investment . 
   how did you reach that conclussion ? 
  [ yougov 's polling on the referendum day was 52 remain , 48 leave . 
  ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/06/23/yougov-day-poll/ ) today 's poll shows that if anything since referendum day , remain has become less popular compared to leave . 
   `` brexit is good both for the uk and the eu . '', 
  both the uk and the eu will be forced to make much needed reforms . 
   i think you understood what i meant , there will be no meaningful vote to give a mandate on the final deal . 
  parliament will get to vote on it . 
  if they vote against it , we wo n't get that deal . 
  if the people do not like it , they will make their views known at a subsequent election . 
   lets hope it lives up to the expectations of 17 million who apparently knew exactly what they were getting . 
  the 17 million did not know what they were getting . 
  as someone who voted leave i did not know what the outcome would be . 
  however , i made a judgment that it was likely to be better than what we previously had . 
   that 's why you left . 
  now be nice and pay alimony . 
  we need to work out what our share of the assets is first . 
   what is france like ? 
  it is a mixture between * la haine * , * la peste * , * la terreur * and * la jungle * . 
   i just find it utterly astonishing that those who voted to leave the eu have no wish to question the manner of exit as long as they still get to cry `` we won '' . 
  i voted to leave the eu and i am keen to question the manner of the exit . 
  this general election that we are about to have is going to have the different parties ' plans for brexit as an important part of that . 
  personally i think the tories have the best plan . 
   that was almost 1 year ago . 
  we 're talking about today . 
  yes , today 's polling , when compared to the referendum day polling in which leave won , shows that if anything there has been a move towards leave . 
   more and more people are regretting brexit . 
  not really . 
  this is not a statistically significant change . 
  compared to yougov 's own poll on the day of the referendum , if anything brexit has become more popular . 
   to policies that will do nothing but harm the uk ( and the eu ) brexit is good both for the uk and the eu . 
   why is there no general election or second referendum after the negotiation has been concluded ? 
  there will be general elections after the negotiation is concluded . 
  the uk is a democracy . 
  we are going to keep having general elections . 
  as for a second referendum , you ca n't have it both ways . 
  you were just now arguing against referendums . 
  either you are in favour of them or you are not . 
  which is it ? 
   they elect mps to represent them in parliament those mps were elected on the back of promises to hold a referendum . 
  then they overwhelmingly passed legislation for there to be a referendum . 
  then they campaigned in the referendum promising to respect the result . 
  then after the referendum those mps passed legislation giving the government power to enact article 50 . 
  and now the choice of the british electorate is about to be confirmed in a general election . 
  how much more legitimacy do you want ? 
  i do n't agree that fptp is a cancer to representative democracy . 
  as we have seen during the centuries the mother of parliaments has been an extremely stable parliamentary democracy . 
  however , note that even under a different voting system brexit would still get an overwhelming mandate simply because all the major parties , ukip , tories , lib dems and labour are all now pro-brexit parties .
