   i guess that being first ( i think that is likely ) would fill the eu hero void and create some eu pride . 
  british people are not going to start cheering for people wearing an eu flag or being pleased when french people win sporting events . 
  ( i 'd be a bit surprised if french people really started cheering for brits at sporting events too . ), 
   a lot of the most effective policy measures to protect agriculture rely on strict control of the market . 
  quotas on imports , tariffs , duties , hell even quarantine , etc. 
  i 'm assuming that in a single market there should be no quotas , tariffs and duties on the trade of agricultrual produce within the eu and certainly that would be my preference . 
  i 'm not sure why huge subsidies of agriculture are needed for this . 
   and in fact , are one of the fundraising mechanisms of the eu assuming we just removed what we take from and what we give to member states in relation to the cap and the rebates , should n't the eu budget be in a net identical position ? 
   and create ample ground for discord over varying levels of subsidization is n't it politically desirable , therefore , for each member state to agree a maximum level ? 
   if wto laws regarding agriculture were as stringent as they were for manufacturing , there 'd certainly be some scope for compromise . 
  but they 're not , and so any devolution of the cap to the national level would attack the heart of the single market as many countries are unwilling to trade away food security , the idea of multifunctionality in agriculture , or maintaining the rural character for ... what ? 
  a hard neoliberal wet-dream that ignores many political , social , economic , and security realities ? 
  this is simply politically unfeasible , and even from a cost-benefit standpoint undesirable . 
  if the concern is that some nations would subsidise agriculture too much , what is there to stop a rational eu agreeing limits ( above and beyond the limits imposed by the wto ) on how much each eu member state can subsdidise agriculture , with some member states being free to subsidise it less ? 
  i agree that some member states would not agree to this , but this in itself does not make it undesirable , it just makes it unfeasible . 
  why should n't those member states that are happy to trade away food security be able to do that ? 
  i 'm not following your argument here . 
   there is the eurp . 
  thanks - i did n't know about this . 
  it looks interesting , but it supports citizens basic income . 
  whatever your views of this , it is an extremely controversial idea and certainly has an ideology that is n't pure rationalism . 
   i guess we like the fact that we can feed ourselves . 
  i guess we like the fact that we can import food from others , without needing to spend tax-payers money . 
  but , really , this discussion in my mind demonstates one of the inherent difficulties with the eu . 
  different nationalities just have different priorities . 
   easy with the olympics . 
  let 's just have , at least conceptually , an eu team . 
  would this make the eu more popular in france ? 
  this kind of thing would make the eu less popular in the uk . 
   there is absolutely no reason why in 2014 it would make any sense that any language be the official language of the eu . 
  english is already becoming the de facto official language of the eu . 
  i deal every day with an eu institution , based in paris , that writes all of its documentation just in english ... :-), 
   sure . 
  but the cap scandal is largely bullshit . 
  france still gives more to the eu than it gets back . 
  it still gives more to the eu than britain does . 
  it still feeds its neighbors with its vast agricultural sector in an open border economy . 
  without the eu , france would give that lost money to its farmers . 
  that 's why french farmers are largely anti-eu , because they do n't see the cap as better than if all that money stayed in france . 
  it sounds like we have a deal and are agreed that agricultural spending should be a national competence rather than an eu competence and that agricultural spending should not be part of the eu budget at all . 
  it is interesting that in france the french public would want to continue to subsidise farmers to the same extent without the eu . 
  in the uk i expect we would want to subsidise our farmers by much less than they currently get ( and put that money elsewhere ) . 
   if there 's political justification for funding scientific research , i 'm ok with it . 
  political justifications depend on political priorities . 
  not everyone has the same political priorities . 
  your political priority might include the creation of a unified europe where people have a sense of belonging and therefore you may see scientific funding as politically justified in a case where i might not . 
  ( obviously , i believe that scientific research needs to be funded , i just wonder whether this should really be an eu competence rather than a member state competence . ), 
  i suppose i would be happy to increase scientific funding at eu level on condition that both the cap ( and the rebates that are related to the cap ) are both scrapped in their entirety . 
  do we have a deal ? 
   phonologically very distant now though . 
  and in many ways that 's why it makes sense for english to be the single official language of the eu . 
  for many years the eu has been seen as a compromise between france and germany , a means to stop france and germany going to war after three devastating conflicts , a compromise between french agriculture and german industry , between french political projects and german economic projects . 
  the english language is simply a compromise between the german language and the french language ... 
   anyway , if we ca n't get a transnational european hero , maybe we can think of something else to reinforce eu unity and pride . 
  i 'm thinking of a pet project . 
  one of the most potent ones would be funding esa , and aiming for a high visibility space exploration project , and planting that eu flag somewhere . 
  everyone would feel involved as every country would be involved , through funding , or with their scientists . . 
  if space exploration is important , then it is important in and of itself . 
  i do n't think the justification for space exploration ( or other projects ) should ever be the creation of a european identity that does n't otherwise exist . 
  the justification should always be that such a project is important anyway . 
  particularly at a time of `` austerity europe '' , when member states across europe have agreed to cuts , i think public money should not be spent simply to re-inforce unity and pride . 
  we can let unity and pride grow naturally rather than force it on people . 
   i do n't speak any germanic language , but i have three boxes in my brain : dutch , german , and `` scandinavian '' . 
  do you not think of english as a germanic language ? 
  granted , it is extremely bastardised and heavily influenced by romance vocabulary in a way that sets it apart from the rest of the germanic languages , but it is still firmly in the germanic family ... 
  in the uk , irish nationals and commonwealth nationals ( who are resident in the uk ) can vote in parliamentary elections . 
  in ireland , uk nationals can vote in irish parliamentary elections . 
   you do realise that the danger of fukushima is not the death rate imidiatly after the accident but the fact that a big area is contaminated for years and that the cancer rate increases year by year ? 
  even in germany the percentage of children suffering from any form of cancer increases to closer to a `` working '' nuclear power plant they live . 
  i realise this , but the numbers of deaths directly attributable to a nuclear disaster ( or nuclear energy at all ) are still incredibly low ( but frequently overstated ) . 
   fukushima happened because of a tsunami , and the germans freak out about it . 
  and how many people died in the fukushima nuclear disaster ? 
  zero . 
  in fract , how many people have died in nuclear accidents ever across the whole globe ? 
  around 100 or so . 
  ( more than that die in car accidents in britain every month . ), 
  fortunately there is no such thing as `` eu asylum '' . 
  asylum is a member state competence . 
  obviously , because of schengen , if snowden gets german asylum , he will be able to travel around most of the eu relatively easily . 
  however , if he gets asylum in germany and then travels , for example to france , france could still extradite him to the us . 
  i do n't know much about the european court of auditors . 
  i do n't think they are relevant to this discussion however as they do n't respond to legislative consultations . 
  but how are you going to get experts to respond to consultations ? 
  force those experts to work for free ? 
  i spend days writing responses to consultations . 
  what is your alternative solution for paying experts ? 
  my example on prospectuses is relevant because no private individual did respond to that consultation . 
  i 'm not saying they should n't respond , but none did . 
  you could have responded if you wanted to . 
  as for who pays me , my salary is paid by my law firm . 
  we are one of the famous london law firms :-), 
  but nobody is neutral about anything . 
  the last response to a consultation i wrote was about specific circumstances in which a supplement is required to be published in relation to a prospectus for securities being admitted to trading on a regulated market . 
  private individuals have no interest in this . 
  the only people who are interested are financial market participants . 
  do n't you think that those people should be consulted during the legislative process ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand your point . 
  i give representations in relation to specific consultations . 
  everything i write gets published publicly . 
  if the legislation is written without the legislature consulting on it , there would be errors in it .
