   which most other parties did n't really campaign for . 
  i do n't think this is quite true : after all we did see clegg go head to head against farage in two live debates that received considerable attention . 
  i agree though that the level of campaiging in westminster elections by the other parties is on a totally different scale from what it is in the eu elections , whereas ukip 's westminster campaign is on the same scale as its eu campaign . 
  this says something profound about the attitude of the entire british political establishment towards the eu and westminster though : they see westminster as where our democracy lies . 
  i 'd say the identity of the current libdem party is pretty different from the identity of the historic liberal party ... 
  switzerland is the world 's happiest country . 
  i think in modern times , it is easy to involve people in decision-making . 
  give people responsibility and they behave responsibly . 
  singapore has for years been a great place to do business ( in terms of things like use of english language , common law legal system , high level of educated professionals ) . 
  singapore is clean , safe and efficient and business likes that . 
  in recent years asia has grown in importance and partly because of that financial centres located in asia have grown with them . 
  singapore has been very opportunistic in particular . 
  they saw the reversion of hk to the prc as a business opportunity . 
  they look at the high amount of regulation the eu and in the us ( which is in both cases very poorly written and uncertain ) and see it as a way of attracting new business . 
  edit - london used to be more laissez-faire about finance , but i have noticed in the last couple of years london has taken a singapore approach with things like islamic finance or remimbi clearing . 
  it is n't really about investor confidence in hong kong . 
  ( obviously , you ca n't invest in hong kong itself . ), 
  it also is n't even really directly about investor confidence in stocks traded on the hong kong stock exchange or stocks of entities incorporated in hong kong etc ( neither of these have really been impacted ) . 
  from the perspective of a global bank it is more about the regulatory environment in hong kong no longer being as certain and transparent as it once was , the risk of politically motivated government interference , the risk of the gradual change from hong kong standards to prc standards . 
  separately , the other point is that singapore is an astonishingly good ( and growing ) global financial hub . 
  it 's not just that hong kong has got less attractive , but equally that singapore has got more attractive . 
  thanks . 
  i was more looking at the rights of people that have been granted refugee status , rather than residence permits generally . 
  i think with italy , exit is preferable ... 
   does free movement apply when a nation gives refugee status to an individual ? 
  or do refugees have to remain within the country they were granted it in ? 
  there was disagreement on this on a british political show last night ( question time ) so i 'd be curious to know . 
  my understanding is that free movement is tied to citizenship . 
  thus , to the extent that refugees do n't get citizenship , they do n't get free movement . 
  however , any refugees that are given citizenship ( a choice that is within the gift of the member state ) they do then have free movement . 
  obviously , within the schengen area , there are no checks on borders , so refugees can in practice travel freely around that area . 
  `` rest of '' or `` remainder of '' or `` rump '' . 
   i do n't think anyone believes that `` greece will rapidly recover and fully pay off its loans '' is a likely outcome , so that ca n't be taken as the baseline ( this was not likely even under the previous government ) . 
  you are right that this clearly should not be seen as the economic baseline . 
  unfortunately , as is so often the case with the eurozone , the politics and the economics are out of line . 
  in the rest of the reurozone the political baseline and public discourse remains that the actions of the troika were correct . 
  we 're still not really anywhere near a place where a reurozone government is able to say to her electorate that there will be some restructuring or defaulting on the greek debt and we have to face this and manage it . 
  it seems like they do n't know how to get themselves into this place . 
  also , not only is this politically difficult , it is also going to be legally difficult , however much it is economically essential . 
  unfortunately , the vast majority of greek debt is now owned by the public sector ( essentially the tax-payer ) rather than private creditors . 
  the eu treaties still contains the express `` no bail-out '' clause under tfeu article 125 . 
  i can not see a legal way around that , without treaty change , legal challenges in the german constitutional court from afd and political difficulties . 
   it 's got nothing to do with sch\u00e4uble or podemos , at least if we 're speaking about the actions of the german government . 
  the podemos point though is obviously a big concern for spain ( and other reurozone countries with other insurgent political parties and potential parties that are similar to them . ), 
  i agree with 1 . and 3 . 
  - domestic political considerations are ( obviously ! ), 
  a massive consideration for reurozone national politicians . 
  what a mess though !, 
  it is still impossible to predict the denoument !, 
  greece has multiple payment obligations over the coming months , though i think the next really hard deadline is 30 june , the expiry of the extension of the current programme . 
  i 'm guessing that nothing much is going to happen until then and greece will somehow continue to service the debt until then . 
  if i were forced to make a prediction i would guess that syriza folds completely by june 30 and accepts all the requirements of the troika and that may end up causing the greek government to collapse . 
  this still is n't really a solution though . 
  the debt will still largely be there and impossible to pay . 
  the greek economy will still be in a mess . 
  the only long-term sustainable solution is for the eurozone to become a real fiscal union . 
   no one will admit this . 
  so , they have to be ready to at least `` pretend '' that we are doing the same thing and that they `` lost '' the negotiations . 
  then trough some backdoor they will get what they want . 
  a few months ago i thought that there would be a kind of european compromise in which the fundamental problems would not be solved but the debt would be extended and the deal would be such that both sides could have claimed victory . 
  now i am starting to think that i was wrong . 
  it is starting to look like the reurozone ( i.e. 
  the rest of the eurozone * sans * greece ) politically needs not only for them to be able to claim victory , but also for syriza to have to admit defeat publicly . 
  it seems that it is politically necessary for syriza to be publicly humiliated : forced to admit to breaking many of their electoral promises . 
  obviously , this is not politically possible for syriza . 
   it just says out of london , not out of the uk . 
  last time i heard they were planning to move to birmingham . 
  the move from london to birmingham just relates to the uk retail and sme side of the business . 
  the global investment bank made the following comment :  '' * it is also essential that we position hsbc in the best way to support the markets and customer bases critical to our future success . 
  in this regard , we also have to take fully into account the repositioning of our industry being driven by the regulatory and structural reforms which have been put in place post crisis . 
  as i said at our informal meeting in hong kong on monday , we are beginning to see the final shape of regulation and of structural reform , including the requirement to ring fence in the uk . 
  as part of the broader strategic review taking place , the board has therefore now asked management to commence work to look at where the best place is for hsbc to be headquartered in this new environment . 
  the question is a complex one and it is too soon to say how long this will take or what the conclusion will be ; but the work is underway . 
  * '' the regulatory regime for hsbc is the same in birmingham as it is in london . 
  ( it is also broadly similar all over the rest of the eu , though bank ring-fencing in the uk under vickers looks like it will take effect before the eu ring-fencing under liikanen . 
  this makes me assume that hsbc are hinting at a move to hong kong or singapore . ), 
  in matters of crucial national security , i trust the five eyes more than i trust germany . 
   & there 's still similar movements within the ez . 
  yes , which kind of shows that it is not a problem of the uk and kind of shows why the euro should not have been implemented . 
  if there was going to be strong political opposition to it , it was a mistake . 
   also there 's the issue of a 2 speed union if the ez countries were to take the necessary steps to solve this mess . 
  something that not even hardcore federalists always agree upon . 
  a big block like that with more unified interests within the eu may not actually solve euroscepticism outside of the ez or may even increase it . 
  ultimately this is something you have to fix without regard to the uk . 
  the uk is not stopping it . 
  what is stopping you fix it is your own lack of resolve . 
   ie make it harder for the later no , make it equally easy for both . 
   however within a european context such a person can simply pick such an open spot the moment the market presents it and simply return if it disappears as is the case with for example many seasonal workers . 
  someone from let 's say central africa on the other hand is n't going to get in easily & is n't going to return as easily either . 
  the eu framework offers a convenience in that regards that simply is n't replaced by a points system . 
  a majority of people that have fled the eurozone to get work in the uk are never going back to the eurozone . 
  they plan to stay in the uk ( where the jobs are ) . 
   `` the eu ca n't fix x because the no side combined with the multilateral aspects of the eu prevents it from doing so . '', 
  so yes it does somewhat have to do with ukip & similar trains of thought no , the uk are not part of the single currency . 
  none of the faults with the single currency can be blamed on the uk . 
  if the uk left the eu , the single currency flaws would still be there . 
   i 'd thus like to drop it & get back on my initial argument that it 's an issue based on perception . 
  i do n't think it is an issue based on perception . 
  it is a real problem , that requires billions of euros to solve . 
  it is not a pretend problem .
