  this is kind of a true english ironic chant at football matches against germany as we know they are much better than us at world cups ... 
  noted , thanks . 
  what are the reasons for this ? 
   not being in schengen does n't sound so bad anymore . 
  yeah , this is the uk 's position too . 
  the uk will never join schengen . 
  any government that tried to join it would collapse . 
  looking at the numbers , it seems that austria 's unemployment figures have remained very similar to what they were last year , whereas other countries have gone down . 
  so it is not really a trend for austria ... 
  the really annoying thing on this comment thread is that nobody is talking about how this kind of incident is impacting italian domestic politics and attitudes to immigration in italy generally , which is what this article is about ... italy has had poor economic growth for a while and is very much at frontline of the immigration crisis . 
  the last three italian prime ministers were not the result of normal parliamentary elections . 
  italians ( unlike most brits or french ) tend not to see themselves as a nation of immigrants . 
  i can not see how italian politics is not going to get dramatically impacted in the next couple of years . 
  given how influential macron is ( i see him as a potential future french president ) i suspect that these comments will get a lot of traction . 
  incidentally , is this the first senior government figure of a eurozone member state directly calling for explicit fiscal transfers in this way ? 
  i do n't recall others doing this . 
  why is it the difference that you found appalling ? 
  surely you either found the level of security northwards or the level of security southwards appalling , but not the fact that there was a difference ? 
  which level of security do you think is best ? 
  hahaha :-), 
  renzi has been crying out for this type of meeting for a while , but seems to have been largely ignored . 
  as for the outcome , i think the interests/opinions of different governments are still quite divergent so i am not expecting any major progress to be made . 
  plus also job market , presence of a large diaspora of relatives and friends for migrants , perception of the uk as a welcoming country and so forth . 
  yeah , i forgot to mention that . 
  you 're correct !!, 
  quotas might come to the rest of the eu , but the uk has an opt out . 
  this is why i will vote out of the eu in the uk referendum . 
  correct . 
  which is why also we have happily allowed the destruction of the greek economy . 
  the union only extended towards certain easy things . 
  any one knowledgeable about french law want to comment on this ? 
  i am interested to know what the grounds are for a successful claim here . 
  under english law i do n't think he would win a case , because it seems that the actions of the media did not cause him any actual harm . 
  english law does not protect people against theoretical or potential harm . 
  france is happy with its deal . 
  it wants to be in schengen . 
  of course they wo n't !, 
  a new arrangement will be made . 
  in the uk we do n't * quite * think of ourselves as baltics !, 
  lol . 
  i was going to say that in my part of the uk you can perhaps get a studio , though not a nice one ... 
  unfortunately 40 more people died and this just adds to the many hundreds who have died in the last couple of months . 
  our policies mean that it is inevitable that many more will die over the next few weeks and months . 
   i delisted this submission because the article 's title has been editorialised . 
  to editorialise titles is bad . 
  i invite you to resubmit this link with using the original title . 
  bbc changed the title . 
  when people abandon english and start communicating in swedish you know that shit just got real ... 
  unfortunately the policies we have in place incentivise people smuggling and criminals benefit hugely from trade in humans . 
  there are many different ways of being a successful country outside the eu . 
  this makes the french q1 2015 growth of 0.7 % really surprising ( or perhaps it is this quarter which is the surprise ) . 
  uk 's growth for q2 2015 was 0.7 % , which i think still leaves the uk economy larger than the french one . 
  after the uk 's somewhat disappointing q1 2015 growth , uk and france were about neck and neck again ... 
  the uk does n't have an official language . 
  there are no french people that speak welsh but not english . 
  zero . 
  there used to be some , but they have all died out . 
  there is nobody who speaks gaelic or welsh who does n't speak english . 
  mathematics is not capable of saying which is the best electoral system . 
  electoral systems select both the legislature and the government and the relative power of each , the composition of parliament , the way in which a government is formed and how it is accountable and held to account , the ability of backbenchers to rebel against governments and so forth involves a whole series of value judgments that are beyond the realm of mathematics . 
   i disagree , for reasons of geographical proximity . 
  globalisation means that geographical proximity matters less and less . 
  what is the geographical reason why the uk should have an alliance with slovenia rather than singapore ? 
   that trumped up rape silliness is the least of his worries . 
  that case was already closed , until this political business started . 
  it is only bait to get him into the open and should be seen as the underhanded politics it is . 
  if the usa wanted to extradite him , why go via sweden ? 
  why not directly to the uk ? 
   why , exactly , do you think he 's been hiding out in exile in that embassy so long ? 
  so as not to go to sweden and face trial . 
   why do you think people feel the need to stoop this low to protect the status-quo ? 
  i would reflexively want to change my mind on seeing this hamfisted drivel , not wanting to be associated with such creeps . 
  [ if you 're interested in why the av referendum lost , this blog , by someone in the yes campaign , is the best explanation i have seen . 
  ] ( http://www.liberal-vision.org/2011/05/08/the-humiliation-of-the-yes-campaign/ ), 
   edit : ah , i see where i went wrong there . 
  the formatting was not as good as it might have been . 
   do n't you worry , the us wants his blood . 
  if he ever gets snagged by any ally , his life is done . 
  nobody can possibly believe that the us wo n't request his extradition . 
  i 've no idea why you have responded to me , but suffice is to say that assange is in the uk and did n't try to leave the uk until sweden extradited him . 
  if the usa wanted him , why did n't they try and extradite him from the uk ? 
   we 're talking questions of game theory , here ; saying you disagree is saying you disagree with formal mathematical arguments , which have to amount to more than faith that the uk 's array of political parties amply represents the potential desires of the british electorate . 
  game theory is not capable of saying which electoral system best represents desires of an electorate . 
  political desires can not be modelled mathematically , as they represent values which are not quantifiable . 
   unless i 'm reading it incorrectly , the most popular response for us was seeking an `` ever closer union . '', 
  you 're reading it incorrectly . 
  that was the least popular response . 
   first past the post is intrinsically worse at representing the combined preferences of voters than almost any other voting system , i disagree on this . 
  you need to remember that for example within the uk the different political parties have a range of views within them . 
  also , the voters have a preference for strong government ( something fptp does well ) . 
   as this video helpfully explains , even where multiple parties exist , the underlying incentives of fptp will tend to funnel support to two major parties . 
  i have not watched this video , however , the uk experience , in which there has been an almost continuous tredn of support funnelling away from the two major parties , shows that the theory does not apply in the case of the uk, 
   and have to wait in line at all schengen zone airports - it 's so annoying . 
  people already have to wait in line in airports . 
  you ca n't just get onto planes without your id , luggage , ticket etc being checked . 
   there 's a difference between never and often . 
  i 'm pretty sure you would frown at your reps if they edited a bill every week . 
  international treaties , and especially those needed to create a strong political union , need stability . 
  the eu budget gets renegotiated every seven years . 
  the uk was correct the last time it got renegotiated to argue that it should be cut .
