  yes , you can . 
  they can provide you with whatever contract they like . 
   networks will tie up with others abroad and share their infrastructure . 
  they are already free to do this . 
   instead of the 4 ( soon to be 3 ) networks i can choose in the uk i will get the choice of the whole eu . 
  you already have this choice . 
   it 's about getting a single mobile market for the europe . 
  so instead of getting a uk market , german market , italy market etc there will be just one - an eu market . 
  there already is a single eu market for mobile telephones . 
  the new regulation reduces the types of pricing mechanism that providers can provide and thereby reduces the options available to consumers , which is regrettable , particularly as poorer people will be the ones that experience increase in costs . 
   what this does for the eu provide a pathway to setup a single market , providing more competition and deals between the mobile networks . 
  mobile telephones already operate in a competitive market . 
  to the extent that mobile telephones are less free to set their own price packages ( as is the case with this regulation ) competition is inhibited rather than enhanced . 
  the people that will suffer from this are the relatively poorer people who travel less frequently . 
  i 've read the article . 
  they are not making your phone bill free completely . 
  they are simply transferring costs from one area to another area . 
  this is both pointless and harmful . 
  if the eu were able to control prices , why do n't they just make mobile charges free completely ? 
  the answer is that they ca n't . 
  mobile phone companies will want to make the same profits as before . 
  they will just transfer prices from the relatively richer people like you and me ( who travel abroad frequently ) to the relatively poorer people who travel abroad infrequently . 
  as for rights , the echr is a separate institution from the eu . 
  you can be outside the eu and still in the echr . 
  also , as i am sure you know there are countries with good human rights that are not in europe at all . 
  i did n't quote you a number . 
  you said that trade between the uk and the reu evens out . 
  this is not true . 
  the uk imports far more from the reu than it exports . 
  i have n't quoted a number . 
  the uk has a large net trade deficit with the rest of the eu when totalling both goods and services . 
  no , the uk has a massive deficit with the eu including services . 
  we do n't need to be in the eu to trade with them . 
  we do n't need to pay fees to trade with the eu . 
  we have a massive deficit with the eu : if anything they should pay us to trade with us . 
  no , not really . 
  the uk has visa free travel with many countries in the world . 
  even in countries where visa is required like turkey the visa costs almost nothing and adds ten minutes to your journey . 
  human rights laws and work laws are not because of the eu . 
  many countries in the world have human rights laws and work laws and are not in the eu . 
  the eu has not made mobile phone charges cheaper . 
  governments ca n't control prices and should n't try . 
  your travelling position will not change when we leave the eu . 
   the deficit is only in goods , it is balanced by services , the total is pretty even no , the uk has trade deficit with the reu . 
  while the uk exports more services to the reu than it imports , this does not balance the goods deficit . 
   also it is kinda cherry picking , it feels like you want to get all the benefits of being in the eu while not having to follow the rules you do n't like . 
  no thanks . 
  trading with the eu is not a benefit of the eu . 
  you do n't need to be in political union to trade . 
   i 'm not sure but it 's common knowledge.after all the cypriots fought militarily the british so that they would leave from the island during britain 's colonial past.no one really wants a part of his homeland occupied by some third party for absolutely no reason other than greed and power . 
  what is the position of the current government ? 
  why are n't they raising it as an issue ? 
   without cap we 'd be extremely reliant of food imports , to the extent that different sorts of crisis abroad could cause us ( eu-citizens ) to stave ( less likely ) or see extreme price increases . 
  the uk has been reliant on importing food since 1760 . 
  it is pointless ( and harmful ) trying to be food sufficient when you can simply trade . 
   well you 're wrong but at least you 're not a hypocrite . 
  is there polling on this or a source on what the opinion is ? 
   do you support britain getting out of cyprus or is this only about the eu ? 
  my understanding is that cyrpriots are happy for the uk to continue to have a base in cyrprus . 
  i am more than happy for this discussion to be part of cypriot democracy and for cypriots to decide this . 
   a simple 2 answer question . . yeah , that 's not particularly hard to poll for . 
  not quite . 
  it is easy to poll for if you can get a statistically representative sample of voters to be honest with the pollster . 
  the opinion polls did not get a statistically representative sample at the general election . 
  given the vast variances within the referendum polling , we know that some pollsters continue to be totally inaccurate . 
  what do you mean about denmark being high and dry if we leave the eu ? 
  i am curious to hear more about this . 
   everything you are saying presumes that the uk also leaves the inner market and the customs union in a brexit . 
  in the long run it makes sense for the uk to leave the single market and the customs union . 
  i do n't mind staying in them for a transitional period , but i do n't think they are ideal . 
  far too much single market regulation is unnecessary and does not really relate to the single market . 
  it makes no sense to impose these obligations on many small businesses in the uk that do n't even trade with the eu . 
  inside the single market we do n't have that choice . 
   and why do you seem to think that a brexit means exiting the inner market too ? 
  a brexit does not of itself mean anything other than leaving the eu . 
  the new arrangement between the uk and the eu would then be up for negotiation . 
  we also should not necessarily view any new arrangement as permanent as we may change our mind in the future . 
  that 's the great thing about democracies : you can put in place new governments with new policies . 
  obviously the uk is very committed to the national democracy and sovereignty of sweden and finland , and that commitment is irrelevant to the uk 's eu membership . 
  we 've had peace with france for 200 years and an entente for more than 100 . 
  i think the entente will work better than the current arrangement ... 
   i just really can not understand why you are willing to give up your influence in the eu , your biggest trade partner by far i do n't want to influence other countries . 
  i am happy for them to influence themselves . 
  i do n't want the uk to influence denmark i want the danish people to be able to decide how denmark is governed . 
  i want to influence my own country . 
   if the uk leaves liberal ideas will have a much harder time keeping the more protectionist ideas at bay the fact that the eu has protectionist tendencies is not a reason to stay , but a reason to leave . 
  if the eu reverts to protectionism when we leave , the uk should do the opposite and focus on open and liberal trade . 
   which will still influence you greatly not really . 
  we will be in charge of our own laws . 
   and you are leaving like-minded countries like us high and dry . 
  you are not high and dry . 
  you will be fine . 
  denmark has a good democracy and a good economy . 
  you do n't need the uk to look after you . 
  trust your own government and democratic process . 
  if you think that you will be high and dry when we leave , perhaps you can understand why we want to leave . 
   not to mention you risk actual scottish independence . 
  in the long run , scottish independence is more likely if the uk stays in the eu . 
  however , we should not fear scottish independence . 
  we should be pleased that they had a referendum and decided for themselves how they wanted to be governed .
