  yes , but where does the eu get the money to fund science programmes ? 
  from the member states . 
  the uk is a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  out of the eu , the uk will be able to contribute more to science programmes and still have spare money left over . 
  brits wo n't be citizens of the eu at all once we leave the eu , just as we are n't currently russian or japanese or american citizens , which is totally fine . 
  brits do n't need to have influence in the eu , i am more than happy for the eu to set up economic , social and cultural structures without the eu . 
  multinationals look at a range of factors when it comes to setting up offices : tax , workforce , legal system , proximity to markets and so forth - eu membership is just another factor . 
  many multinationals threatened to leave when the uk did n't join the euro - none of them did . 
  i agree . 
  the best possible outcome for everyone at this stage is a brexit : you get to create a federal europe and we get back sovereignty . 
  the eu has free trade agreements with various parts of the world and is putting in place further free trade agreements . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market , and of course the eu will want to be able to continue to be able to trade freely with its largest export market . 
  things are n't bad in the uk . 
  there are more jobs than ever before . 
  100,000 s of people move to the uk every year to work and improve their lives . 
  we 'll be fine it we leave the eu , just like all the other sovereign nations in the world . 
  the famous british stiff upper lip is exactly why we have never been major flag waverers and why we do n't want the eu flag flown around britain . 
  flying the eu flag is not some decision that people reach through reason : it represents a political position . 
  i 've no idea whether or not it was hard for other governments to fly the eu flag on government buildings in the 1980s , perhaps in germany the german people were happy with it , or perhaps the german people complained but the german government did it anyway . 
  but it would n't surprise me if attitudes were not the same over the eu - after all , history and culture still have an impact on people 's wants . 
  however , i do know that in the uk flying the eu flag on government buildings in the 1980s would have been unpopular and therefore i think the uk government was correct not to fly it . 
  britain joined a ` common market ' after a democratic procedure and at the time we joined that club it did n't have a flag . 
  the flag came later . 
  my point is that at no stage would it have been easy for the british government to start flying the eu flag , because there would have been strong opposition to it from people immediately . 
  the labour party asked schulz not to come to the uk to campaign in order not to lose further votes to ukip , i believe verhofstadt did campaign in the uk ( presumably at the behest of the lib dems ) while presumably juncker just made the decision himself . 
  i 'm not sure about keller - she was on tv a few times . 
  the labour party has now also confirmed that their meps will vote against juncker when it comes to electing him in parliament . 
  it will be interesting to see the political fall-out in the uk after the juncker nomination . 
  cameron will try and portray himself as `` fighting the good fight , but losing '' and by publicly saying `` no '' to the eu he is likely to get a boost in the polls . 
  however , the conservative party do not like losers and their will be big complaints . 
  juncker is a good result for ukip , and the `` better off out '' cause . 
  there are plenty of examples in history of people not accepting flags that have been flown around , plenty . 
  brits are not really flag-waving people , but on the odd occasion when they do fly flags ( football , olympics , will and kate get married ... ) then the flags that brits choose to wave are either english/welsh/scottish or the union jack . 
  nobody chooses to fly the eu flag . 
  i 'm not comfortable about a government or political elite flying a flag that the people themselves do n't fly . 
  i find the choice of our government not to fly the eu flag as a response to the will of the people , and can not understand why you would characterise our antipathy to the eu flag as ` manufactured conflict ' . 
  in britain there is no `` law '' per se about how the government is formed , there is simply a set of conventions that developed gradually . 
  in the eu , if the leader of the party getting most seats in the eu parliament was meant to be the one getting the first shot at getting elected to be commission leader , then there is no reason why the teu could n't have been explicitly written to say that , to avoid any alternative interpretations . 
  the fact that it is not explicitly written that way and the fact that the council have a specific role themselves suggests that the council are not bound simply to put forwards the name of the person who leads the largest grouping . 
  given the way the uk voted , it would be quite wrong for cameron to support juncker . 
  in the uk , the eu flag is not thought of as a symbol of peace any more than , for example , the nato flag is seen as a symbol of peace . 
  cameron is n't ignoring the elections . 
  he is taking them into account : including the fact that there was a much increased eusceptic vote , a low turn-out and that most voters had not heard of juncker . 
  yes , it is amusing that brits feel very different about the eu than the rest of the eu does . 
  the reason why it is not flown regularly in britain is a consequence of the emotion , not a cause . 
  if it were flown outside public buildings etc people would complain . 
  brits really have no idea how lucky they are with austerity-lite , compared to the real austerity that has been seen elsewhere in europe . 
  in britain it is seen as a political flag , which is why , for example , it is almost never flown , even outside government buildings etc. 
  cutting income tax is not of itself regressive . 
  it depends where the tax free income allowance is located . 
  he has n't explained it very well , but what i think he is trying to say is that the price at which bonds trade in the secondary market is the key statistic all market participants look at when it comes to the pricing of a new bond in the primary market ( as i 'm sure you know already ... ) the bit he has got wrong it the ability of an individual bondholder , or even a collective of bondholders , to hold an issuer to ransom . 
  the actions of an individual bondholder have only a small pricing impact and bondholders are generally not incentivised to co-ordinate behaviour . 
   i really do n't know why they do n't just restructure fifa to have the united kingdom represented by one team . 
  this would be a massively unpopular thing in the entire uk - i do n't know anyone who would want a uk football team . 
  international football was started by football associations in england and scotland being separate , long before the rest of the world got football associations . 
  this is an interesting ( and very creative ) suggestion , but i think the idea that it will be politically acceptable is perhaps optimistic . 
  it was n't generally taught , but it was n't forbidden . 
  i was never taught it . 
  i am saying that the argument that the udhr means that the monarchy should not exist has no greater merit than an argument that the udhr means that paternity and maternity rights should be equal . 
  for one of these arguments to have greater merit , you can not rely on the words of the udhr alone as the words of the udhr do not support one argument any more than the other . 
  therefore it does not make sense to use the udhr as the single argument that the spanish monarchy should not exist . 
  the udhr is just one factor among many other factors . 
   except that no law is as fundamentalist as you make it sound . 
  i 'm not the one arguing that the uhrd implies there should n't be a monarchy in spain though , am i ? 
  i 'm arguing against that , saying that it should n't be construed literally . 
  i 'm saying that if you use it as an argument that monarchy should n't exist , then you might as well use it as an argument that maternity and paternity rights should be equal . 
  i guess the point i am trying to say is that the universal declaration on human rights is ultimately a nice-sounding platitude with very little substance and i therefore do n't think it makes sense to use it as an argument that the spanish monarchy ca n't exist . 
  another example might be maternity and paternity leave . 
  in almost every country in the world ( france and the uk included ) , rights to maternity leave and parternity leave are different . 
  by your own argument these should be equalised , because currently people born men have different rights from people born women . 
  when deciding whether or not something should exist , it makes sense ( in my british mind ) to look at the practicalities and be pragmatic and not to worry to much about lofty idealistic absolutist notions of rights , which seem very french !, 
  but you 're not arguing about `` potentially becoming '' you 're arguing about the rights people are born with , as per the universal declaration on human rights . 
  if you 're against the spanish monarchy on the basis that some people are born with a right to it and others are n't , then it follows that you should also be against the french presidency on the basis that some people are born with a right to it and others are n't . 
  i guess there is jobbick too . 
  and i guess also the german `` die party '' . 
  looks like marine will be doing a deal with vmro . 
  i do n't know much about them , but i expect that they will want a grouping and have already been turned down by ecr and efd , wherea marine will want to get funding so an agreement will be made ... 
  so i guess you are also campaigning for the requirement that the french president is a french citizen is also removed ? 
  people who are born as french citizens have different rights from people who are born british citizens !, 
  this is contrary to the universal declaration of human rights ... / s, 
  uk conservatives want there to be an eu banking union , they just do n't want the uk to be part of it . 
  i would be surprised if n-va really cared whether or not the uk is in it . 
  seems like a good match to me . 
   i imagine a united british team would be rather impressive . 
  nobody would support it . 
  there would be blood on the streets ... 
   not really , given those people can already immigrate to the uk . 
  increasing the numbers of them does n't change the principle . 
  and , therefore , if britain just reduced the numbers of people who can move to britain from continental europe , it would n't change the principle either . 
   are you really trying to tell me that ukip are in favour of increased immigration ? 
  just that ukip 's immigration policy would result in a more ethnically diverse set of immigrants into the uk . 
   uh-huh . 
  so ukip would be in favour of substituting free movement from commonwealth countries for free movement from eu countries ? 
  i do n't think that 's actually the case . 
  no , not full on free movement , but increased movement . 
  thereby , under your own paradigm , increasing the `` range of people '' who would have the right to work in the uk . 
   we suck in the uk , nothing faster than yellow ( not counting the ct ) , and we invented trains !, 
  i know !, 
  the shame !, 
  we also invented football and then suddenly it turns out that we 're not that good at it .
