   i would wager a guess it 's just a correlation with the english language . 
  i disagree with your emphasis here . 
  the common law legal system is liked by international finance entirely separately from it liking the global lingua franca . 
   i wonder , without the eu , why should international finance still want to be based in london ? 
  broadly the same reason international finance is placed in other global financial centres such as hong kong , singapore and new york . 
  what these places tend to share is : - english language - common law legal system - favourable regulatory environment - large talent pool - stable democracy in addition to these london also benefits from the best timezone for international finance . 
  oh , sorry , i have seen that . 
  i can not understand the difference . 
  in relation to the uk , the numbers look about correct . 
  my understanding is that merkel 's popularity is considerably higher than that of the german government generally . 
  are you aware of recent polling on the german government that contradicts the yougov poll ? 
  i agree that the number seems low . 
  i do n't have full confidence in yougov 's methodology . 
  anyone know where this poll has been published formally ? 
  paris is much worse placed than luxembourg to be honest . 
   what are the polls saying on yes vs. no at the moment ? 
  [ they are all online ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_referendum_on_united_kingdom_membership_of_the_european_union ) and there does not seem to be a very clear pattern . 
  i think it is too early to predict what will happen based on polls . 
   to give you the short version wow , now i want to also read the long version , 
  this is going to have gigantic political consequences . 
   / u/trucidator , is that you ? 
  ;-) i am pro-european and i will vote to leave the eu . 
  however , i did n't think that this article was very well-written or made very strong arguments . 
   you seem to be conflating the representation in terms of views and representation in terms of your contribution to the running of your country ( democracy ) . 
  as mentioned , this is something which political theorists disagree on . 
  there is no universally accepted understanding of what `` representation '' means . 
  i am sure you are aware of this ? 
  or maybe you are n't ? 
   now , you 're okay with this because the people who share your views just so happen to be widely elected , but what if there was only 1 mp who shared your views in parliament despite 12 % of the population voting for those views to be represented in parliament ? 
  well , those 12 % technically have their views represented by that 1 mp , but they are at a deficit in terms of being represented democratically . 
  this is not something that `` just so happened '' . 
  my views are mainstream . 
  by definition , within our parliamentary system there will be a range of politicians that share those views . 
   representation is n't just having someone in parliament who shares your views . 
  it 's having someone in parliament because you voted for them - because your vote directly contributed to their presence there . 
  that 's a basic requirement of democracy ( which other countries manage to achieve far better than we do ) . 
  if your vote did not contribute to the presence of an mp in parliament , you have no representation . 
  i 'm sure that you know that there is no universally accepted notion of what `` representation '' in a representative democracy means or entails . 
  this is something which political theorists wildly disagree on . 
  however , i find your opinion that representation of views is irrelevant to question of representation an extreme one . 
  my views , after all , are the thing that i want to be represented . 
  i responded to a point made about bureaucrats . 
  a politician is not a bureaucrat and my point was entirely sincere . 
  while there is some corruption among politicians in the uk , this is fortunately at a low level compared to most of the world . 
  certainly , the statement that the `` corrupt bureaucrats in brussels are better than the corrupt bureaucrats in london when it comes to controlling your life on your behalf . '', 
  which i responded to is not one i recognise . 
  that 's not democracy . 
  a system whereby some people get representation by mps who just so happen to share the views of people without representation is not democratic . 
  if your vote does not contribute to the presence of someone that represents you , it 's not democratic . 
  that you think you have representation is heartbreaking . 
  your vote did nothing . 
  it was ignored . 
  you were n't counted . 
  that 's not democracy . 
  actually , there are multiple different electoral and constitutional systems in the world and there is no `` one true democracy '' . 
  however , it is plain not true to say that i am not represented . 
  i am represented both by my mp ( who represents the entire constitutency ) and for my views ( by the multiplicity of mps who share them ) . 
  this is not some coincidence , this is exactly what is always going to happen given the nature of our parliament . 
  none of these relate to bureaucrats . 
  they relate to politicians . 
   i only said that i do n't care that there is censorship in other areas . 
  you ca n't use that as an argument to be in favour of the porn filter . 
  i am starting to think you are not arguing in good faith . 
  what is your view on public decency ? 
  should people be able to have sex on the street or in a shopping centre ? 
  or would you censor that ? 
   that hurts to read . 
  unless you live in clacton , you are n't represented . 
  you have zero representation . 
  it 's coincidence that people who share your ideas happened to get people elected that represent them ... but you ? 
  you have no representation . 
  you 're completely ignored . 
  i have a range of different views on different issues that do n't fit neatly into one political party . 
  given that many of my views are within mainstream views in the uk , it is not a surprise that there are multiple mps who share them . 
  this is how i am represented . 
   edit : and again , that 's just you . 
  if you care about democracy , you 'd care about other people being provided with their due representation as well . 
  i do care about people being represented . 
  just as i am represented , so is most of the british public ( other than extreme fringes ) . 
   then you do n't care about yourself or others being provided with due representation - the representation in parliament we 're entitled to and we should all have . 
  that 's fine , but do n't then pretend to care about democracy . 
  my views are represented by multiple people within parliament . 
  i like the way i am represented . 
   what is mature democracy according to you ? 
  one which has a lengthy tradition of the rule of law and governments changing regularly and peacefully under the democratic process . 
   i really do n't care if the government allows censorship in other fields , we are talking about internet censorship by the uk government right now . 
  other field were censorship happens has nothing to do with this discussion . 
  but apparently you fail to see that . 
  actually , if you are making an argument that censorship should not be allowed in one area but should be allowed in other areas , then you need to explain your principled reasons for the difference . 
  i do n't know if i 'd call it a dictatorship , though i suppose it is , just with 11 million dictators . 
  i think this is insulting to people that have lived ( and currently live ) under real dictatorships . 
  pretending that the uk is anything like a dictatorship seems very odd when you confront a real dictatorship . 
   we have a situation where a third of the voters have 50 % of the representation in parliament while another quarter of voters have 1.6 % of the representation in parliament . 
  i 'd call that pretty dramatic . 
  i voted for ukip . 
  i am happy with the uk 's electoral system . 
   give a good argument on why the uk porn filter law is n't illegal and is n't censorship and i might listen . 
  you have not addressed my point about other censorship which mature democracies allow . 
   it really is n't easy to change the uk government because the uk government has been shit for over 10 years and constantly eroding our freedom in order to `` fight terrorists '' and `` protect the children '' , both stupid phrases that easily control the feelings of the masses . 
  the current government , a conservative majority , is different from the previous coalition government which is different from the previous labour government .
