  this has symbolic importance in the uk and marked a period in which the uk embraced free trade . 
  the uk 's geography also is less well suited to trying to feed itself than france 's . 
   thankfully france respects her farmers , so this is n't a problem . 
  this is fine . 
  if the french tax-payer wants to subsidise french farmers , we in the uk do not mind about that . 
  ( effectively this means that the uk consumers of french agriculture are being subsidised by french tax-payers . ), 
   anyhow , i really dislike your stance on it . 
  it 's one of the biggest shames of our modern world imho . 
  uk and france are doing things differently from each other because of their different mentalities . 
  this has been the case for the last 1000 years . 
  i do n't think this situation is a shame , in fact , it makes things interesting and is better for both of us . 
  it means that there was no point us being in a political union . 
  vive la difference !, 
   i 'm not too sure that they have that cheap farming ; if they do then i do n't know how it would be cheap considering their placement . 
  aus/nz do have cheap farming . 
  africa also produces agricultural products far cheaper than the eu does . 
   however i 've always held that people 's livelihoods that have been in their family for generation we do n't have family farms in the uk any more . 
  there is no reason why children of farmers ca n't be software creators , brand consultants , business development managers and so forth . 
  individuals are free to choose their own paths . 
  being a famer is not more productive than being a software designers and i do n't romanticise one more than another . 
  i do n't think that the tax-payer should be subsidising farmers any more than it should be subsidising software designers . 
   the reason they get so cheap elsewhere is due to low standards and factory farming which is disgusting and inhumain . 
  i disagree . 
  do you have any evidence that farming in aus and nz is disgusting ? 
   if you value soullesss efficiency over not only local produce , but your own countrymen -- i think that 's absolutely abhorrent . 
  i do value my own countrymen . 
  i am just choosing to value the my consumer countrymen more than my producer countrymen . 
  you are just doing the opposite . 
  both of these are , of course , legitimate political choices , one of them is more liberal/free markets focused , one of them is more dirigiste/protectionist . 
  obviously , if you are in favour of global free markets , then brexit made sense . 
  if you are in favour of protectionism , it did not make sense . 
  economic liberals ( like me ) tended to favour brexit . 
  certainly , i am not in favour of the uk tax payer subsidising inefficient uk farmers . 
  uk should reduce tariffs on all agricultural imports from whole globe and if uk consumers prefer products from overseas , then uk agricultural producers will just have to improve . 
  i have heard a lot of bad things about franz kafka airport in prague . 
   does it sit well with you that with brexit you 're in a coalition with the complete opposite of globalists in the more deluded little england `` pull up the drawbridge and bring back the empire '' types who have almost the opposite aims ? 
  i am not actually aware of anyone that remotely wants anything like bringing back the empire . 
  i also do n't know what you mean by `` pulling up the drawbridge '' . 
  i do n't tend to find this kind of cartoon characterisation as helpful to serious political debate . 
  i have never encountered anyone with these kinds of views . 
  however , even if someone did want to bring back the empire , that view is not a `` little england '' view , so i am not really sure what you are saying . 
  there is some truth in the point that the `` leave '' side in the referendum campaign represented an interesting coalition of people that would not typically be on the same side in a political debate . 
  however , it is also true that the `` remain '' side did this too ( e.g. 
  green party and goldman sachs both in favour of remain . ), 
  not everyone on the `` leave '' side is a globalist free marketeer and there were some who are more in favour of protectionism . 
  however , there are of course many in favour of protectionism on the remain side too . 
  ultimately this comes down to democracy . 
  those of us who believe in free trade , capitalism , liberalism and so forth should not be afraid of fighting and winning this argument in our own democratic institutions . 
   does the eu actually stop us from imposing higher capital requirements ? 
  yes , the capital requirements directive is maximum harmonisation . 
   i thought it was us fighting against the higher requirements as they were `` anti-competitive '' . 
  no , that was n't us . 
   i 'm very sceptical that outside of the single market we 're going to suddenly become very cautious and pro-stability as that would definitely cause the city to have a freak out far more than leaving the eu ever could do . 
  it is n't just about being more cautious , it is primarily about tailored regulation for our specific situation , which is having a global financial centre within our jurisdiction . 
  the rest of the eu does not have this . 
  the bank of england has recommended higher capital requirements for large banks . 
  however , another benefit of leaving the single market is that we will be able to reduce capital requirements for smaller , challenger banks and encourage competition and new market entrants . 
   that sort of sounds like we want to be linking ourselves more with dodgier financial centres if i 'm honest . 
  granted there probably could be more done with the us and singapore but i 'm fairly sure if there 's demand then they already have london centres anyway . 
  within the current system , a singaporean issuer of securities that also wants to issue securities in the uk has to comply with both the singaporean regulatory framework and the eu one , because the eu does not recognise singapore as equivalent . 
  outside the single market we will be able to do this . 
  this kind of outward facing globalist free market agenda is exactly why i voted leave . 
   i 'd agree that the eu is pretty conservative on stuff like fintech but i 'm not as convinced as you that that 's always a bad thing . 
  different parts of the eu will be impacted by the fintech in totally different ways . 
  the uk , as home to a global financial centre and with huge technological potential and experience , is uniquely able to benefit from the fintech revolution . 
  if the eu overregulates here or regulates inefficiently ( as seems to be their wont with both finance and technology ) we will be the ones that suffer . 
  i do n't want the uk to miss out on this fantastic opportunity . 
   but saying that leaving the single market somehow boosts london from its position is just wrong . 
  it is a loss . 
  not a devastating one but having 5 apples and then having 4 does n't somehow make the other 4 apples better this depends on whether or not you think that membership of the single market is an apple . 
  i do n't . 
  there are successful economies in and out of the single market and bad economies in and out of the single market . 
   what do you mean by appropriate regulations ? 
  the kind of regulation necessary for a global financial centre is not always appropriate for a country that does not have a global financial centre . 
  for example , the uk should be free to impose higher capital requirements on banks and reduce bureaucracy around bonus caps , with a view to increasing financial stability . 
   leaving aside the fact we have exemptions out the arse in relation to single market regulation , we have very few exemptions and none that really help . 
   do you mean appropriate as in go back to pre 2008 regulations and crash the economy again ? 
  i mean regulation tailored to a global financial centre that is innovative in sectors of the future such as fintech . 
   also how do you think london could possibly be more outward facing the eu 's financial regulation is extremely inward facing and recognises hardly any noneu systems of financial regulation as equivalent . 
  unfortunately , inside the single market the uk does not have the ability to recognise non-eu regulatory systems as equivalent . 
  if we did have this ability , we could have our financial system interconnect with the rest of the world . 
  i agree i am making assumptions . 
  my assumptions are that the best conditions for economic success are liberal democracy , free trade and free markets . 
  provided the uk sticks to these principles , our economy will in the long run be a successful one . 
   finance because of the english language , common law and the fact all of this can be passported into the eu which makes it good for international banks . 
  frankly the passporting point is hugely overstated . 
  london is an incredible financial centre primarily for reasons within the uk 's own control . 
  now that we are leaving the single market , we can make london an even better financial centre in my view . 
  we can make london more outward facing and global and regulate in a more appropriate way . 
  you are more than welcome . 
  we are delighted to be there . 
  ( keep free trading with us after brexit plox ), 
  2 % annual growth has more or less been the uk 's long-term post-war economic trend . 
  in that sense it is pretty unexciting as you say . 
   these are all characteristics . 
  but these are all extra advantages on top of our single market access . 
  not really . 
  there are a bunch of other successful countries in the world that have the common law , mature economies , the english language and are not in the single market . 
  we will be like them . 
   insisting on a deal that is economically sub-optimal for the eu in order to ensure that the uk suffers is an attempt to punish the uk for political ends .
