   if the commenters in / r/unitedkingdom are ` people in the uk ' , then i think you are incorrect ( link ) . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is very unrepresentative of the uk and unfortunately very hostile to different opinions . 
  as a right wing free marketeer who voted leave , i am a persona non grata there . 
   so they decided to fuck over the country out of spite . 
  not really , because the country is not fucked over and it turns out that a plan was not needed in advance . 
  it seems that you can vote to leave the eu , have a change of government , then gradually make a plan , go through a judicial process and a legislative process before beginning negotiations and the economic growth would continue largely as before , unemployment would not be impacted and the british people would keep calm and carry on shopping . 
  nobody needs to get fucked over , 
   my point was , why did n't remainers prepare for the possibility ? 
  if they had prepared for it , leave might have won by an even larger margin . 
  it was in the interests of the remainers not to prepare and to try and campaign on that basis . 
   how the fuck can a country be so fucking unprepared about anything ? 
  [ cultural difference . 
  uk and germany have very different attitudes towards uncertainty . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uncertainty_avoidance ) essentially people in the uk do not really feel stressed by this , instead we are open to this change . 
  let 's just be pragmatic . 
  germans would feel stressed this situation . 
   you have to decide as a society what 's the best model for the country . 
  i agree - these are political choices . 
  my own preference is the uk 's model , in which there is a trade off between job security and low unemployment which is balanced towards low unemployment . 
  or a trade off between having fixed exchange rates and flexible exchange rates allowing external devaluations rather than internal devaluations . 
   yet , a whole bunch of experts were issuing doom and gloom predictions for the very next quarter . 
  unsurprisingly , experts are humans and thus even if they try to be entirely independent technocrats , they operate within the same cultural and political biases that the rest of us mere mortals operate . 
  when faced with questions in which they are emotionally invested and which are profoundly political , such as brexit , we therefore should not be surprised that their expertise is sometimes coloured by their politics and culture , even unintentionally . 
  this is just one of the many reasons why the british people are right to be sceptical about experts . 
  scepticism and challenge of perceived wisdom and orthodoxy is after all a rational position and an intellectually coherent position and the basis of western thought , knowledge and scientific development for hundreds of years . 
  those that insist that experts should not be challenged - even by us mere voters - are the true anti-intellectuals . 
  i do n't need any examples of stupid , thanks . 
  this does not help discussion . 
  i think the campaign will be a bit different from last time generally . 
  i think that the consensus is ( or should be ) that negative campaigning does not work ( we saw this with both the previous scottish referendum and the brexit referendum , in both cases with undecided moving towards `` leave '' , undeterred by project fear ) . 
  i agree , he wants a deal . 
  the tone of his tweet surprised some of us , he seems to be saying that the eu will not be threatened into not doing a deal with the uk . 
  given that the uk also wants a deal , i am not sure who is doing the threatening . 
   it 's a you gov poll , they 're usually the most reliable uk pollsters in my opinion . 
  personally i think that yougov have some of the same problems that the rest of the uk polling industry has . 
  we should not ignore this poll , but be mindful of those problems . 
  i am glad you understand the point . 
  it would be good if you now apologised for implying that i had written something stupid . 
   but it really is not going all that bad with the uk after brexit was announced . 
  it is going well . 
  personally i am not surprised . 
  in general terms an economy is successful if it governed by a liberal democracy , has strong regard for the rule of law , free market regulation and an openness to global trade . 
  most other things do n't matter too much . 
  the uk has all these things and with brexit we can enhance some of them further . 
  this is why i voted to leave and had no doubt whatsoever that the economy would be fine . 
  experts were talking a lot of nonsense . 
  i am glad we called them out on it . 
   is n't that because many are just doing short time jobs , have a short unemployement jobless period and then restart ? 
  the uk has a good employment market . 
  over the last few years more and more full time jobs have been created . 
  that is one of the reasons why there is very high immigration to the uk , including from comparatively wealthy countries like france . 
  people are attracted by the uk job market . 
  i did n't write anything stupid . 
  i simply explained why it made sense for scottish people to change their opinion on the eu . 
  the fact that the uk is leaving the eu is relevant . 
  i have no idea what point you are trying to make with your comment . 
  scottish people are of course taking the fact that the ruk wo n't be in the eu into account . 
  obviously , this impacts whether or not it makes sense for iscotland to join the eu . 
  i am not sure if you know what being isolationist means . 
  not being in the eu is not the same as being isolationist . 
  uk is going to be in the un , nato , g7 , wto , commonwealth and a key part of the imf , world bank and have diplomatic and trading relations with most of the globe and a strong amount of soft power . 
   can someone explain why the scotland is changing its view on eu ? 
  because the uk is not going to be in the eu and also the uk is not going to be in the single market . 
  it would be irrational for scots not to take this into account . 
   if it is true it is an interesting turnover . 
  it is unsurprising . 
  for scotland the prospect of being in the eu as an independent country without the ruk also being in the eu is a very different prospect from being in the eu as an independent country but without the ruk also being in the eu . 
  think about how much ireland is impacted by brexit - with scotland this is magnified . 
  agreed - that is why the new position of the snp is going to be efta rather than eu . 
  the liability you mention is a liability that the uk has to pay whether we stay or leave . 
  it is not a liability that relates just to leaving . 
  therefore it is n't directly relevant to whether or not we leave . 
  i work with irish regulators all the time , i find them really efficient and professional . 
  i have never known them cut a regulatory corner . 
  they have a `` light touch '' approach , but that is appropriate in many circumstances . 
  of all eu regulators they are by far the most similar to the british ones . 
  we really trust their competence . 
  i expect we will . 
  it is an important alliance to portugal too . 
  this is actually really interesting . 
  ireland have now made a formal complaint to the european commission about this , saying that other countries are engaged in regulatory arbitrage . 
  esma have said that they will look at this , but i am not sure if they really will . 
  this is somewhat ironic , given the perception of ireland as a place engaged in tax arbitrage . 
  ireland have seen nothing yet : regulatory arbitrage is only just beginning , what with brexit . 
  the uk and eu rulebooks will inevitably diverge . 
  you are partly right that the uk has a strong adversarial approach to debate and politics and this can be seen within our institutions ( our parliament is designed for oppositional rather than collaborative politics and our courts refrain from direct inquisition but let the parties simply debate each other ) . 
  but that is not the same as saying a jury decides who has `` won '' . 
  instead , they decide whether or not the prosecution has proved its case . 
  the jury are the third party check . 
   majority government does give you that power . 
  no , it does n't . 
  the power to decide about when a referendum takes place relies on legislation from westminster . 
   scottish people gave snp-greens a majority government to do that . 
  they did n't give the snp-greens a majority government to decide the timing of the referendum . 
  that is not in their power . 
   they elected a pro-indy majority in parliament , so they knew what they were getting . 
  i am not opposed to there being another independence referendum , however , i do not think that the snp should have free rein with setting the timing and the other terms . 
  yeah , i was n't disagreeing with you , i was just pointing out that this is n't a poland-only thing , but will have implications across the board . 
   btw why do you allweys quote all of the previous comment ? 
  not that it bothers me in any way , but it might make you look pretentious .
