  i agree with you and this is why the uk did not sign up to it . 
  i have no idea why portugal , greece and spain did think that it was going to work out . 
   if you sign such a treaty you ca n't complain afterwards that you dont like the conditions . 
  obviously , in the circumstance in which you end up not liking the treaty that you signed up to , it becomes time to re-negotiate the treaty . 
  nobody really seems able to face up to that politically . 
   as you know the current downturn is not limited to europe alone : apparantly the us did n't have it ` right ' after all as well . 
  everybody agrees with you that the us and the uk were hit as badly as the downturn as the eurozone . 
  the discussion is n't about that . 
  the discussion is about the ability to exit the downturn . 
  on this there does seem to be a clear divergence between the eurozone and elsewhere . 
   the methods of neither party have by now be proven useful and only time will tell who took the wrong decision . 
  out of interest , how many years are you going to wait ? 
  how many years of downturn do you want the eurozone to have ? 
  yes , germany , the netherlands and austria are doing okay danke and can wait a good few more years to see how well austerity works . 
  but what about spain , greece and portugal ? 
   every time i mention `` germany '' , i 'm talking about the government . 
  i do understand that most german people are not schauble schauble 's government did last year get an incredibly strong mandate from the german people however . 
  perhaps at the next german elections , a different government with a different policy will be given a different mandate . 
  however , the party that is rising in the polls is afd and if they get to power you have not seen anything yet . 
  they * really * would tear you a whole new asshole . 
  in my mind dividing the eurozone into two parts is the political equivalent of disbanding the eurozone . 
  it would be political dynamite . 
  as a matter of fundamental economics , your idea of a northern euro and a southern euro would have made more sense than the current arrangement . 
  obviously , this will never now happen . 
   so we simply bully the europoors around , until they leave on their own . 
  when this happens , things will not be pretty . 
  the british parliament who refused to sign up to the maastricht treaty in the 1990s have been proved right by history . 
  they predicted that the euro would end up devastating the economies of southern europe . 
  nobody listened to their warnings at the time and they were ridiculed by everyone on the continent . 
  nobody ever gets thanked for being right , nobody likes to be told `` we told you so '' . 
  however , at this point in history too it would be worth listening to british eusceptics rather than ridiculing them again . 
   i did n't even know the vote happened until after the results came out , and i spend a lot of time reading the news . 
  it was the leading news item for days and one of the leading news items for weeks . 
  if you did n't know it was happening you do not follow the news . 
   is this still a crisis ? 
  or is it simply the way things are going to be from now on ? 
  the ` new normal ' , so to say . 
  i agree with you . 
  a crisis that has lasted since 2008 is no longer a temporary crisis . 
  this now appears to be the permanent , entrenched systemic condition of the eurozone . 
  however , the `` new normal '' for the eurozone is not the `` new normal '' for the rest of the developed world . 
  the anglosphere ( singapore , us , canada , uk , australia , new zealand ) all seem to be growing well and the eurozone needs to think carefully about why this is the case . 
  if the new normal continues , at some stage the politics is going to catch up with the economics , it is already starting to . 
  eurozone politicians at some stage are going to have to wise up to the generation of unemployment that they have caused . 
  as / u/walkereu says , they ought to make a choice between doing a proper union ( with permanent massive transfers of funds from the taxpayers in germany , austria and the netherlands into greece , spain and portugal , with the full consent of the people ) or just disbanding the whole thing . 
  this current via media is good for nobody . 
  no worries - it was quite a forgettable event . 
  the appeal to godwin 's law relates to the first post that mentioned the nazis in this thread . 
  you will see that that is the first post i responded to on this topic . 
  that was also the post that u/mad will responded to , mentioning mosely . 
  this has all been part of the same discussion . 
  ukip 's policy is pro-immigration . 
  ukip just want an immigration policy similar to canada . 
  perhaps you think canada has a fascist immigration policy ? 
  he was a member of the british union of fascists . 
  no , the referendum on the changing the voting system was in 2011 , a year after the general election in 2010 . 
  from the moment the coalition agreement was signed agreeing to a referendum on changing the voting system cameron was on the side of `` no . 
  this is n't a cheap point . 
  this is just accuracy . 
  i 've no idea what you are trying to say here . 
  calling out people who compare ukip with the nazis for being ridiculous was both my starting point and is my finishing point . 
  cameron campaigned against a change in the voting system during the referendum . 
  changing the voting system was not part of the conservative manifesto in 2010 . 
  actually , it is trying to liken ukip to nazis or fascists is an attempt to shut down debate . 
  it is sad that the o/p indicated he wanted a rational debate and then in the same post likened ukip to nazis . 
  calling this tactic out for being ridiculous is not shutting down debate . 
  i have no idea what you mean by `` victory by points . 
  cameron did not make a promise to reform the first past the post voting system . 
  you can say what you like but if you compare ukip to fascists or nazis i will call you out for being ridiculous . 
  also , if you imply that brits want the empire back , i will assume that you are deliberately trying to offend brits . 
  maybe non-brits do n't know that brits find this offensive ? 
  now you know . 
  wow - i am reminded why i did not get involved in student politics . 
  almost everyone involved in it has extreme ideology . 
  maybe the word `` want '' is missing ... 
  likening farage to mosely is really ridiculous . 
  to pretend that wanting to leave the eu is somehow some kind of fascist position is absurd . 
  please try to stop posting this kind of stuff . 
  the british perspective is that britain has a healthy tradition of parliamentary democracy and is a fully participatory member of the community of peaceful , democratic , free , trading nations . 
  if you look at british history over the last 100 years or so , while we have not been perfect we have contributed to the peace and stability of europe . 
  we in britain do n't need the eu to make us peaceful . 
  we do n't war with germany or france and being in the eu has no impact on that . 
  if the uk leaving the eu causes the eu to dissolve , you have to ask yourself if the eu is really something that people want . 
  why is the eu so weak that it depends on the uk 's membership to keep going ? 
  and , really , do germany and france still think that the only way they can be peaceful is by being in a union ? 
  the uk and france were at war continually for 800 years prior to 1815 . 
  and since then the uk and france have been at peace , for many years , prior to the eu . 
  essentially the uk and france have learnt to trust each other 's democracies . 
  this is something that i think germany and france can do outside the eu . 
  if our democracies do n't work on a national level , then i am surprised you think they will work on a supranational level . 
  this ongoing eurozone crisis and the resulting political crisis that we are seeing is an example of a failure of eu supranational government . 
  we need to be honest about it . 
  otherwise things will not end well . 
  the uk does not actually want to have influence on the european continent . 
  the only thing we want is for the european continent to stay liberal and democratic and peaceful and freely trading and prosperous . 
  in my view this can be achieved just as easily outside the eu as inside . 
  what influence does germany want over the eu ? 
  to be able to tell mediterranean europe that they have to implement austerity ? 
  this is the influence you have and thanks , but no thanks . 
  the uk 's main interest is influence on itself , not on others .
