  the eu and the failings of the eurozone are not unrelated . 
  they are fundamentally linked . 
  economic liberals , thatcherites , free marketeers and laissez-faire capitalists ( like me ) are not too pleased by this speech . 
  however , i still think that there are enough free marketeers within government and within parliament to push free market ideals - i also think that brexit will encourage this . 
   but , in this case - there is a very good indicator it is . 
  i agree . 
  peace in europe caused the eu . 
   there is no rights whatsoever to free trade . 
  there is no right to it , but it makes economic sense . 
  this is why the uk will , once it leaves the eu , start free trading with every country in the world and reduce tariffs completely . 
  the fact that the eu does not believe in free trade is one of the main reasons the uk had to leave . 
  france is married to germany but has sex with the uk . 
   we 're talking about canada here . 
  the person you responded to was talking about brexit . 
   this argument of authority does n't work . 
  you are correct . 
  an expert is not automatically correct . 
  there is no free pass in arguments , they still have to be argued and challenged and tested . 
  often times they can be proved wrong . 
   there is such a high correlation that it would be difficult to ignore the coincidence . 
  the fact that there is a correlation between a and b does not mean that a caused b. 
  it might mean that b caused a. 
  or that c caused b and a. 
  we know that you secretly love us more than you love germany !, 
  you find us more fun than they are !, 
   europe is also european culture : dante , goethe , schiller , proust , shakespeare , dostoevskij , musil , etc. 
  this . 
  europe is a historical , geographical and cultural reality . 
  europe is our civilization . 
  but europe is not our nation . 
  there is no european people , it is collection of different peoples and nations , with different identities . 
  the eu is simply a political structure . 
  people that deliberately confuse the eu and europe are trying to deceive . 
   freedom of movement comes from the single market , canada is n't joining the european single market , thus does n't need freedom of movement . 
  uk will be leaving the single market . 
  thus uk does not need freedom of movement . 
   if you do n't buy in the idea that a parisian , a florentine , a berliner , etc. 
  are all citizens of the same union , if you see them as just citizen of their home countries and not as europeans , then of course your reasoning making sense . 
  it really is n't up to me to tell them whether or not they see themselves as citizens of the same union as each other . 
  however , what is clear is that british people do not see themselves as part of the same union as them . 
  british people regard italians as foreign as indians . 
  so for the uk it really makes no sense to give italians far more increased rights than indians . 
  if italians and germans think of themselves as sharing a common destiny , that is fine , but the uk is no longer part of that . 
   in an ideal world everyone should be able to live wherever they want . 
  the eu was a big step towards that goal . 
  `` idealism '' is all well and good , but it is not very british . 
  what matters is what works in practice , not some ideal . 
  i do not see that the eu functions democratically in practice . 
  adding more countries just makes it function even worse . 
   brexit was a big blow to this . 
  i do n't really think so . 
  i think when the history books are written we will reflect on the fact that the uk government was able to leave the eu in an ordered , legal and effective way and that british people would just keep calm and carry on . 
  this strikes me as all very stable . 
   more protectionist tone ( i.e. 
  closed and illiberal ) . 
  i agree that theresa 's tone is less thatcherite than i would like . 
  we will have to wait for her actions . 
  however , i am convinced that there are enough free marketeers and economic liberals in government to ensure that capitalism prevails ( particularly in the field of financial services ) . 
   there are quite a few nations which have a lot to gain from a hard brexit mainly all that lovely financial business that has been conducted in london for all of the eu so far . 
  how can so many different nations believe this ? 
  there is no chance that a global financial services hub will be shared out equally among different countries . 
  that is just not how finance works . 
   it 's weird how the ruling center party has gone from `` mainly remain '' to `` hard brexit '' in a few months . 
  actually , the conservative party members and voters were never mainly remain . 
  the conservative mps were mainly remain partly because the conservative party leader was remain . 
  now that we have had the referendum , the country voted leave , conservative voters voted leave and the leader is now supporting leave , there is no point being remain . 
  this is very conservative : you have to accept the reality not be ideological . 
   while with 48 % remain it would actually make sense to go for a `` soft brexit '' instead . 
  it is hard to know if remainers really want a soft brexit . 
  prior to the referendum , remainers kept on saying that the eea was a terrible deal . 
  this makes it hard for them to argue for now . 
  also , since the referendum , some remainers are in denial , either trying to avoid leaving the eu ( not letting it go through parliament , second referendum ) which leaves leavers with the advantage in setting out what to do next . 
   with a `` hard brexit '' , at least only in speeches that might be mere posturing , the current government is pleasing a significant part of the electorate . 
  i think it is also aimed at brussels . 
  the more the uk is prepared to do a hard brexit , the better the negotiation goes in my view . 
  remember , the eu is not sure what it really wants here , but if it thinks that the uk is desperate for a soft brexit , it will extract a price . 
  hahaha !, 
  people seem angry that i think that the uk should have an immigration policy that does not discriminate on the grounds of nationality . 
   http://www.wsj.com/articles/british-researchers-are-squeezed-by-brexit-vote-1471339813 i 'm not able to access the article as it is behind a barrier . 
  can you copy and paste it ? 
   the vast majority of the funding for research in european universities is from eu programs . 
  out of interest do you have any citation on this ? 
  thanks !, 
  i did vote for leave and do think it is a wonderful opportunity for both the uk and continental europe . 
  [ yes , a lot of british people have moved to spain to retire . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/55yvy4/uk_firms_must_list_foreign_workers/d8f7ynl ), 
   1 . so what ? 
  that is still deeply unstable . 
  it is not unstable . 
  just because we have a different constitution from france , that does not make it unstable . 
   3 . yes . 
  you 'd be surprised what the view actually is if you listen . 
  what is your area of expertise ? 
  in what respects do you think that the pra is not well-respected ? 
   britain will accept the bulk of eu law without having a say in the way it evolves . 
  no , the uk is going to make the existing corpus of eu law that applies in the uk continue to apply in the uk immediately after brexit to avoid legal vacuums . 
  eu law will no longer have direct effect in the uk and no longer have supremacy over uk law . 
  future eu laws will no longer become part of uk law without the consent of the uk parliament . 
  the uk parliament and british democracy will then decide what to do with the existing body of eu laws , using our own democratic institutions . 
  some we will amend , some we will keep and some we will repeal .
