  the costs of the environmental impact should be weighed up against the economic benefits . 
  are you advocating that there should be no carbon emissions ever anywhere in the world ? 
  i 'm cool with this development . 
  i 'm not sure how is it relevant to a minimum income though . 
  shale gas is a relatively clean form of energy . 
  in the us , since the fracking revolution co2 emmissions have gone down . 
  ever since the industrial revolution started in northern england in the 1760s , people have wondered if technological developments would get rid if the need for jobs . 
  what you say about 3d printers is what others said about mechanised weaving . 
  it was n't true then and it is n't true now . 
  people already get benefits if they lose their job though . 
  why should all means testing disappear ? 
  it is not a good thing to give benefits to people that do n't need them . 
  i guess i just assumed you must be a communist because you said earlier my own wealth was not my own , but society 's . 
  this is a good outcome for the uk . 
  fracking is going to be massive industry and many jobs in britain . 
  we ca n't ignore it . 
  they are examples of getting rid of property rights . 
  unless you have a better example ? 
  there is no point giving income to people who already have jobs . 
  rich people like me already have enough money . 
  giving us more is pointless . 
  look at north korea . 
  or maoist china . 
  or the khmer rouge . 
  these experiments all fail with huge human suffering . 
  i would n't be getting the same as them . 
  i have a job and earn money . 
  i would n't be getting the basic income . 
  but i do agree that benefits should be streamlined . 
  you ca n't get rid of property rights without dramatic and terrible consequences . 
  communist utopias never work and voters will never vote to get rid of private property . 
  well in that case what is the point of it if these benefits exist already ? 
  i 'm not stopping you paying them . 
  you can donate all your money to private charities and trust funds that donate money for people to do art all day if you want . 
  nobody is stopping you do that with your own money . 
  if i lose my job i 'll get another one and live off my savings in the meantime . 
  i did n't say `` theft '' i said `` taxes '' . 
  eu citizens are already being taxed huge amounts . 
  raising taxes further will not generate further revenues . 
  who is starving in the eu ? 
  do n't most eu member states have welfare systems that allow people to live on if they are not working ? 
  it is n't a class war because rich people did not cause immigration . 
  class war became unfashionable in the uk in the 1980s . 
  thatcher killed it . 
  it is not about to make a comeback . 
  why should some industries have a different minimum wage to others ? 
  who in the eu is starving ? 
  fat white swedes ? 
  check out fat white brits if you want to see the true horrors of basic income ... 
  well - in that case - what is the point of having a basic income then ? 
  i 'm cool with more jobs , that 's great . 
  i do n't mind where ( in the private sector ) the job is . 
  i just do n't understand why people sometimes think that it is better that more jobs come in manufacturing than services . 
  it 's not conditional on finding a job . 
  also , jobseekers allowance is just one of a myriad of benefits people can get in the uk . 
  the combination of these various benefits counts as pretty much a basic income . 
   jobseekers is conditional on looking for a job . 
  thank goodness . 
   what people earn is nothing compared to the wealth in circulation how are you going to get hold of that wealth ? 
  taxes ? 
  that wealth has been earned by someone . 
  there is n't just some magic free money floating around that we can give everyone unfortunately . 
  taxpayers pay for the administration though . 
  you might want taxpayers to pay for basic income rather than paying for something else . 
  but it is still taxpayers who pay . 
  i 'm opposed to all benefits ( whatever names we give those benefits ) that end up disincentivising people who are capable of work from working when there is work that can be done . 
  unconditional benefits are a greater disincentive from conditional benefits and i am therefore more opposed to them . 
  what is clear , in the uk , is that the state will ultimately give you enough benefits to live on if you do n't want to / are not able to work . 
  in my mind this is fairly close to a basic income . 
  the media can do what they want in a free country . 
  you 're right that ultimately it is the government that is responsible , however . 
  the government can solve the problem by ( i ) creating a better environment for building and ( ii ) taking control of uk 's borders . 
  in my view it should do both these things . 
  thanks . 
  i get it that you want scotland to join the euro . 
  i 'm still trying to understand the reason why you want this . 
  but do n't worry if you do n't have a reason . 
  it is cool to want something even if you do n't have a reason . 
   where does the money for this come from ? 
  do you work ? 
  if so , it comes out of your earnings . 
  if you do n't work , someone else is paying for you . 
  as you pointed out earlier ( though i see you have now edited your post ) what we have is called a [ guaranteed minimum income ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guaranteed_minimum_income ) . 
  it is virtually the same thing , though fortunately not quite so crazy . 
   are shops in n.i. 
  that accept both currencies there are shops in london that accept euro . 
  there is no legal requirement in the uk that payment must be sterling . 
  i 'm still not understanding why you want scotland to join the euro . 
  in fact , given events of the last few years , it baffles me that you do . 
  still - that 's called independence . 
  if that 's what you want , you 're welcome to it !, 
   work should be a way to evolve as a human being , to find meaning in life , not a way to provide for your needs . 
  each individual can obviously choose his own reason for working . 
  if you choose not to work and do stuff like art all day instead , that is fine by me . 
  just do n't expect everyone else to pay for your choices . 
  so lem me get this straight . 
  you 're proposing that we get rid of system based on need , to one where everyone gets `` free '' money , whether or not they need it ? 
  so even city lawyers ( like me ) can get `` free '' money from the state , even when i do n't need it ? 
  and taxpayers will have to pay for this ? 
  yeah , that will work well .
