  it 's time for us to invent something new . 
   and hoping that both the hardcore eu-outer groups survive too . 
  i 'm somewhat indifferent about le pen et al. 
  what are they , one country short ? 
  pressure on marine , but surely there must be enough non inscrits still floating around ? 
  why ca n't they join the greens/european free alliance ? 
   minor representation in the non-english parts of the uk ukip got 27.6 % of the vote in wales and 28.1 % of the vote in england . 
  in my mind this data alone means that it does n't make sense to call them an english party , however much you might want that to be the case . 
   contains a greater range of people , although your attempt to reduce it to an absurdity of numbers is entertaining at least !, 
  so your criteria is `` range of people '' ? 
  i 've no idea what you mean by `` range of people '' . 
  there is already a huge range of people in the uk . 
  the uk is already extremely diverse , ethnically and culturally - i 'm not sure in what respect widening free movement to the rest of europe signifiantly impacts the `` range of people '' who can move freely in the uk . 
  also , ukip want to favour ties with and immigration from the commonwealth ( this obviously has a much greater `` range of people '' than the eu does . 
  you 're simply trying to squash everything into a racist/not-racist dichotomy , when i have rather strongly made the point that it 's a spectrum . 
  i 'm actually not wanting to do this , because my own view is that a belief that there should be controls on borders is not the same as racism . 
  almost everyone in the world thinks that there should be some controls on borders and almost everyone in the world votes for political parties that supports some controls on borders , but i really do n't think it makes sense to say that almost everyone in the world is a racist . 
  to me that analysis seems to stretch the definition of racisim way beyond the ordinary meaning of the word to a place where it is somewhat unhelpful , especially when race plays no part in the immigration policy of a particular party and gives equal rights to people of different races who are nationals of a particular country . 
  i 'm just trying to work within your framework . 
   i said ukip are more racist because their definition of `` us '' is narrower . 
  ukip 's definition of `` us '' is british nationals , whereas the french socialist definition of `` us '' is eu nationals . 
  i 'm not really sure why one is `` narrower '' than another , is it just based on the fact that one has more people than another ? 
  that seems very odd and arbitrary . 
  the logical consequence of this analysis is that the least racist political party in the world is the chinese communist party as they have a free movement zone with the most people . 
  i 'd still see ukip as fundamentally english party , much as the tories are - and their vote in scotland is of a similar scale . 
  the tories got 16.8 % of the vote in scotland in the eu elections in 2009 then 16.7 % of the vote in scotland in the last uk general election ( 2010 ) , both at a time that labour were in government in westminster . 
  the tories then incredibly managed to increase that to 17.2 % of the vote in the 2014 eu elections at a time that conservatives are in government westminster . 
  this was one of the surprising results of the night . 
  personally i think if you consistently poll in the mid teens i do n't think you can be written off as an electoral irrelevance in a particular area . 
  ukip 's trajectory in scotland has been somewhat slower than it has been elsewehere , but they still increased from 5.2 % in the eu elections in 2009 to 10.5 % in 2014 , which is actually a dramatic increase , overtaking both the greens and the lib dems . 
  calling either ukip or the tories as fundamentally english does seem a slightly surprising analysis given that they both have electoral representation in scotland and wales and that this electoral representation seems to be growing significantly . 
   there is even a catalan national football team but afaik is not allowed to participate in official competitions . 
  there has never really been a unified british team : in team sports , despite the uk being more than 300 years old , scotland , england and wales have always played separately and had separate federations and so forth . 
  the english always support the scots and the welsh , but they never support us ... :-), 
   ecr is n't exactly liberal though . 
  `` liberal '' means very different things to different people unfortunately . 
  in the uk conservative party , who remain somewhat dominant in the ecr , there is certainly a classical liberal ( i.e. 
  both ecnomically and socially liberal ) streak , with a further dose of libertarianism e.g. 
  it is n't hard to find conservatives who believe in tax cutting , gay marriage and legalising and regulating soft drug use etc. 
  i agree that there are many within the ecr that ca n't really be called liberals though . 
   i do tend to forget about wales !, 
  the scotland vote too also should n't be forgotten as it has big implications in relation to the uk . 
  had scotland not elected a ukip mep , the media narrative would have been entirely different : we would have heard constantly from salmond that the scottish political map was entirely different from the rest of the uk ( another argument for scottish independence ) . 
  trying to keep ukip out of scotland thus became a central issue to the snp campaign in the european elections . 
  i actually know scottish people who would normally vote either conservative or labour who said they were considering voting ukip partly to save the union - though i do n't know anyone who actually went ahead and did this . 
  in any case , ukip , by beating the greens and the lib dems in scotland , have put paid to the argument that ukip are an english only party . 
  after all , nobody ever claims the same about the greens or the lib dems . 
   ukip pursue a more limited immigration policy , so yes , by the earlier logic that 's exactly the conclusion . 
  i 'm not really sure how you can conclude that the french socialists , who want free movement with latvians but not with brazilians are somehow less racist than ukip , who do n't want free movement with either . 
  nobody thinks that brazilians are part of some theocratic monoculture anymore than latvians are , so by your own reasoning the only reason that the french socialists want to limit free movement to brazlians can be xenophobia/racism . 
  i do n't think you can conclude that the french socialists are somehow less racist because they do want free movement with latvians . 
  such a distinction that has no principle strikes me as entirely arbitrary . 
   open borders between , say , an economically complex and socially diverse rights-based democracy and an monocultural oppressive theocracy is going to result in a flow of people who might not be entirely ready for life in the more complex society , and who are likely to be a problem . 
  given that every single mainstream political party in europe does n't just limit immigration from people in monocultural theocracies , but also limits immigration from almost the entire globe , under your own terms every single mainstream political party in europe is racist and xenophobic . 
  on this basis i do n't know how you can conclude that ukip are more racist than , for example , the french socialists . 
   eh , they 're fundamentally an english party . 
  they just got 27.5 % of the vote in wales and were only a few thousand votes behind labour . 
  they got 10.5 % of the vote in scotland . 
  it does n't make sense to call them english . 
   that english party ... british . 
  ukip have electoral representation all over britain . 
   immigration is always a racist/xenophobic issue . 
  you either think of people as `` people '' and see them all as having the same rights and worth , or you mentally divide them up into `` people of my nationality and others '' , `` people of my ` sort ' and others '' , `` people of my cultural background and others '' etc , and assign rights and worth on that divided basis . 
  who did you vote for then ? 
  there is no country in the world that does not have immigration controls and there is no country that gives everyone in the world equal rights to live there . 
  there are very few political parties that advocate this and i am not aware of a single mep in the whole of the european parliament that supports the policy of total destruction of all borders in the world with every citizen in the world having the right to come to europe and get benefits anywhere in europe . 
  under your own analysis , everything but this position is racist/xenophobic because anything but this position gives people different rights based on nationality . 
  there is nothing morally superior in supporting a political party which wants free movement within the eu ( but does not want non-eu citizens to enjoy the same rights ) compared to supporting a political party which wants free movement within a particular country ( but does not want nationals of other countries to have the same rights ) . 
  wanting to leave the eu is ukip 's main policy . 
  they do n't have any racist policies or any truc with racists within the party . 
  efd is a political grouping within the ep fulfilling the requirements for being funded by the taxpayer . 
  this is broadly the same concept as the funding of a political party . 
  the parties in efd have wildly different agendas , policies and backgrounds . 
  were it not for the possibility of public funding and so forth , obviously they would n't be in a group together . 
  this is what happens when you get the taxpayer to fund political parties i guess . 
  yes , it is change versus change , i agree . 
  but given that scotland 's future place within the eu is already uncertain even if it leaves the uk , i 'm not sure if we have enough data to conclude that the uk leaving the eu makes scottish independent more likely . 
  already by voting for independence , scotland is taking a risk that they are outside the eu for a period . 
  it is a pure marriage of convenience designed to get funding . 
  there is very little common ground . 
  it will be colourful though . 
  he does represent the huge numbers of brits who did vote for him and want to leave the eu though . 
  wanting to leave the eu does not make you a mild racist . 
  yes , but current polling indicates that most scots currently want to stay in the uk , even though they know that there is a significant risk that the uk will leave the eu . 
  this is already something that scotland are considering and it is already something that is n't helping the independence movement . 
  thanks . 
  in my mind , given that uk withdrawal of the eu has become more likely , but the scottish independence vote has not moved closer to a `` yes '' result , means that this polling has now been somewhat overtaken by real world events . 
  the fact that scotland elected a ukip mep also significantly changed the media narrative . 
  the house of lords does not have a judicial role anymore . 
  the uk has come round to the idea of a full separation of powers rather gradually ... 
  could you link to the poll itself ? 
  presently the polling was done by a polling company , rather than by the scottish herald ? 
   but ukip is funneling votes solely from the tories , and not from labour . 
  this really is n't the case . 
  initially , ukip took more votes from the tories , but they are increasinly taking them from labour too . 
  just look at the eu election results : the total of ukip+c onservative was 50 % . 
  the conservatives have never had 50 % of the electorate , so the extra ukip votes must have come from elsewhere . 
  [ you can also look at a graphical summary of polling here . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_united_kingdom_general_election ) as you will see , over the last two years ukip seem to have gained in votes , while the gap between the tories and labour has narrowed . 
   in any contested seat between labour and conservatives , any ukip threat ( unless it takes 100 % of the votes ) simply helps labour .
