  i guess i am more making the point that the correct comparator of the ea19 is not the eu28 because the eu28 includes the ea19 ... 
  the correct comparator is the non-ea9 . 
   problem has very little to do with the euro currency if problems have very little to do with the euro currency , then i do n't think it would make sense to show the red line or the blue line at all . 
  just show the different countries . 
  but , one of the purposes of the single currency was to create jobs . 
  it still says that on the european commission website . 
  we should therefore judge it by that metric . 
   this concern is typically addressed by providing more funding for welfare , healthcare and education , not by imposing restrictions on businesses . 
  there is no country in the world that does not impose restrictions on immigration . 
  there is no country in the world that simply says `` anyone can come here from anywhere in the world and we will simply fund welfare , healthcare and education more '' . 
  you can not plan how much welfare , healthcare and education you need and how to fund them without also considering immigration and demographic changes . 
  decisions on immigration policy are not written in the bible by god , they are written by elected politicians answerable to an electorate and the subject of political discussion and change . 
   so they 're all going to put us on trains back to the continent ? 
  i can see that as being very popular / s shot at dawn if you are not careful ... / s, 
   that 's only a legitimate cause for concern for a specific group of people who are interested in pursuing low-skilled jobs . 
  and also people who care about those people , have them as neighbours , relatives and share a country with them . 
  the key interesting piece of data here is that the during the financial crisis the red line and the blue line diverged . 
  personally i find statistics showing ea19 and eu 28 a somewhat incomplete look at the picture . 
  clearly , this is designed to show how the ea is performing . 
  but to do this properly they should show not just how the ea19 compares to the eu28 , but also show the non-ea9 . 
  i wonder why those figures are n't shown ? 
   immigration to germany is even higher . 
  german demographics are different from uk demographics . 
  german population now is not very different from german population 20 years ago . 
  uk population is much higher than uk population 20 years ago . 
  dutch elections next year , dutch euscepticism , dutch being traditional allies of the uk ... 
  i think it is pretty simple - people want jobs and speak english . 
   we wo n't have the right to live and work in britain any more , why not ? 
  i expect you will . 
  this will be a choice for the uk government . 
  i do n't think volume matters . 
  the same model also applies to the swiss borders , which have far more volume . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  this should be the easiest thing to agree because the uk government and the irish government both have exactly the same position - keep the border open . 
  also , neither ireland or the uk have a land border with the rest of europe ... 
  in fact , it sounds like there have already been lots of discussions between uk and ireland to progress this . 
  they already are ... 
  the uk / ireland border would be like the norway / sweden one . 
  uk should just not deal with that kind of stuff . 
  it is not likely that the irish goverent joins schengen . 
  no irish political party wants to join it . 
  ireland does not need to break any fundamental pillars of the eu . 
  it just needs to work out whether or not it wants to put in place a border between ireland and northern ireland . 
  the uk does not want a border there . 
  no , it is still workable if ireland wants it to work . 
  the uk does not want to put up a border . 
   it is now unworkable . 
  it is still workable if ireland wants to make it work . 
  switzerland and france manage fine with their border , so do norway and sweden . 
  personally i do n't think it is the job of a central banker to be making this kind of comment . 
  they have acknowledged brexit though . 
  the vote was not a secret . 
  the uk government 's position is clear . 
  the eu commission has appointed a negotiator for brexit . 
  the eu parliament has had debates about it . 
  uk and france had great empires , austria had the balkans . 
   the eu can not eu can also do it now . 
  or any individual member state of the eu could do it . 
  it does not need to negotiate with the uk to do it . 
  your mum, 
   why should they if the eu wo n't do the same for uk citizens in eu states ? 
  because it is in the uk 's own national interest and it is also the right thing to do . 
   westminster is n't the issue here . 
  uk government has the power to guarantee eu citizens rights in the uk now . 
  it does not need consent of the eu to do this . 
  personally i think the uk government should do this now unilaterally . 
  it is only a stalemate because our government has decided to link the uk guaranteeing eu citizens rights with the eu guaranteeing uk citizens rights . 
   leave did not run on such a proposal . 
  the reason why leave did not run on any specific proposal , was because they were not running to be the government . 
  it is the government who decides how we brexit , not leave . 
  if leave had written a specific proposal it would not have had any worth , because they have no power to carry it out . 
   a better question would be why the public and press did not demand such a specific proposal from leave . 
  as a leave voter i did not see the point of asking a specific proposal from leave as i knew that it would not have bound the government afterwards . 
  `` leave '' simply meant the public mandating the uk government to leave the eu and renegotiate a new arrangement with the eu . 
  for me that was a better choice than remaining in the eu . 
   `` it was up to the government to make a plan '' excuse seems to me to be a pretty silly claim . 
  it was always going to be the government who would have to make a plan eventually . 
   how would we keep free movement of people and the uk get rid of it and there not be controls ? 
  for the millionth time - free movement refers to the right to work in a country and so forth it is not about the right to enter a country without a passport . 
  nobody in the uk cares about people entering the country for tourism purposes etc ( provided they are not criminals or terrorists ) . 
  people only care about whether or not they have the right to work in the uk . 
   i would imagine the irish people would like to decide who gets into their country rather than surrendering that right to westminster . 
  currently anyone who enters the uk can also enter ireland . 
  if ireland and the uk want to have a common travel area , they have to agree who gets to enter the common travel area . 
   does the uk not have think tanks and the like ? 
  i mean , the government is hardly the only organization in the world that can prepare a proposal . 
  there were in fact multiple think tanks that had brexit proposals prior to the referendum and multiple think tanks that are writing them now . 
   it 's badly worded for click bait . 
  this ... 
   that 's different , calais is `` pre-clearance '' . 
  this seems to suggest the uk wants control of ireland 's actual borders and decide who can and ca n't enter . 
  uk and ireland currently share joint control and responsibility for their joint borders . 
  anyone who enters the uk can also enter ireland . 
  anyone who enters ireland can also enter the uk . 
  this is because passports are not checked between ireland and the uk . 
  this is why it is already the case that there is massive collaboration between ireland and the uk in relation to visas , counter-terrorism and so forth . 
  obviously , our two governments are working very closely together to ensure that we can maintain the status quo in so far as possible post-brexit . 
  the uk and ireland share a common goal here . 
   it 's kinda hard to when the widespread opinion of your nation seems to be that we 're all subsidy junkies . 
  this is not a widespread opinion .
