  the progress of the ttip is far from certain . 
  however , given that countries like switzerland and singapore are able to negotiate free trade deals with countries across the globe i think that the uk will manage that too . 
   that is not a strong enough argument to give uk a favorable position in the negotiations . 
  we are not talking between two equal economies here , or even close to equal . 
  eu has enough weight to throw around to figuratively bully the uk into signing any deal they cook up in brussels . 
  no , it does n't . 
  the uk is the fifth biggest economy in the world . 
  also , this idea that large economies bully small economies in trade deals is misguided . 
  did the eu bully south korea or canada in trade deals with them , do you think ? 
   and despite differing interests , i do n't see any eu country that would benefit from undermining the dominant position eu has over the uk in any future negotiations , knowing that in the end , they will get what they want anyway . 
  they wo n't necessarily get what they want if they take the approach that they want to bully the uk . 
  if they try that approach , then the uk will play divide and conquer . 
   the eu economy is still bigger by orders of magnitude , and that is what ultimately matters more than the relative comparisons . 
  the consequences of low growth and high unemployment have already caused massive issues in continental europe as we have seen . 
  how much more can you take of this before the voters get really angry ? 
  i would not be as relaxed about these weaknesses as you seem to be . 
   and for most british companies dealing with the continent even if this were true ( which it is n't ) the uk should not make a decision based on `` british companies dealing with the continent '' , the uk should make a decision also based on those british companies that trade entirely within the uk and those british companies that trade across the entire globe . 
   especially ireland will benefit a lot . 
  the irish government has specifically and repeatedly argued that a brexit will be a disaster for ireland . 
  perhaps they know something that you do n't know ? 
   the city will be weakened , which helps other centers on the continent . 
  the fact that the continent does not even know which financial centre would get business from london tells you everything . 
  london is not a european financial centre , it is ( like new york , hong kong and singapore ) a global financial centre . 
  what these things share is the english language and the anglo-saxon common law and openness to global business . 
  london will continue to have these advantages once we leave the eu . 
  out of interest , what do you understand national sovereignty to mean ? 
  to me it is the ability of a nation to govern itself using its own democratic institutions : effectively it is the ability of a peoples to get rid of a government that they have grown tired of , replace legislation that no longer suits them and put in place legislation that they prefer . 
  `` national soverignty '' has of course been the fundamental principle of international law since the peace of westphalia in the seventeenth century and it remains fundamental to this day . 
  the entire notion of `` self determination of a people '' , which is part of the un charter , implies national sovereignty . 
  this concept has of course been the driving force under decolonialisation . 
   we should upset the status quo . 
  there is no status quo . 
  the eu is headed towards ever closer union and is fundamentally unstable as the recent crises have shown . 
  in a globalised world the uk should of course stop focusing on the only small corner of the world where economic growth is stalling , but instead refocus on the growing parts of the world . 
  his argument was that for some people national sovereignty is important . 
  the fact that you can not understand what this concept is and why it is important to some people ( even if it is n't important to you ) suggests that you either lack basic human empathy or you simply do not know what national sovereignty entails . 
   so vague references to sovereignty and borders , an inability to make the argument , and deflection . 
  he did n't mention borders . 
  you seem unable to grapple with basic arguments . 
   how many uk universities will collapse or need to triple tuitition without eu funding . 
  the uk is a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  outside the eu , the uk could ( if it wanted ) subsidise universities and still have money left over . 
   because the distribution of cap funds part is controlled by uk as it is . 
  uk could use a different formula for this than it uses now . 
  citation needed . 
   it is more like `` as part of cap , brittain gives large subsidies to wealthy landowners , incuding the royal family , while completely neglecting the smaller producers in agriculture '' . 
  why do you think the duchy of cornwall makes so much money ? 
  the duchy of cornwall and other wealthy landowners are entitled to subsidies from the eu as part of the cap . 
  once the uk leaves the eu obviously the uk will not subsidise wealthy landowners . 
  no , it has not been implicit . 
  not one single british government in the past century has remotely tried to make the uk be self-sufficient in terms of food : even when we were our most vulnerable as a nation with nazi blocades we did not seriously contemplate food sufficiency . 
  we were self-sufficient in terms of food until around 1750 , but have not seriously bothered about this since then , realising , sensibly , that we could trade intead . 
  every single british government has been happy to rely on imports of food . 
  our current government is exactly the same . 
   eu is like do n't - mess-with-me kind of wife as we have seen with painful clarity in the last couple of years with every crisis it has faced , the eu is not like a `` do n't - mess-with-me '' kind of wife . 
  the eu is like 28 different wives , each of them saying different things . 
  the different eu countries were impacted in different ways by the ukraine crisis , the greek crisis and the migrant crisis and unsprisingly policy in relation to each of these has been incredibly fraught and chaotic . 
  what makes you think that the reu will be able to speak with one voice when it comes to the brexit question ? 
  ireland will be impacted in a totally different way from czech . 
  are they really going to be on the same page ? 
   frankly , should they vote to leave the eu they should just give up and join the us as four new states . 
  no thanks . 
  the uk will do fine as an independent country . 
  perhaps you do n't have confidence in belgium existing as an independent country , but we are not defeatist like that here . 
  the uk has not been self-sufficient in terms of food for much more than a century . 
  not one single british government for more than a hundred years has had food sufficiency as a political objective . 
   what 's really absurd is you comparing to russia as if it 's business as usual there and their economy is booming . 
  i mean do you think that people thought that russia would collapse as a country due to sanctions and that the fact that it has n't is proof that the uk can leave the eu and be fine ? 
  the point is that the assumption is an incredibly flawed one because whatever the new relationship between the uk and reu , trade will take place . 
   nobody likes to be largely dependent on an outside entity for anything . 
  really ? 
  people in favour of free trade ( me included ) do not care arbout this . 
  it is only protectionists that believe in the state subsidising inefficient industries . 
  personally i am more than happy for the uk to import things that other countries produce more cheaply . 
  this has the added benefit of freeing up slack in the uk economy to direct it to where it is more efficient . 
   it was a simplification to point out that uk trade depends more on the eu than viceversa . 
  ca n't you see that ? 
  the simplification is too simple . 
  it does n't show , for example , that the reu has a substantial trade surplus with the uk . 
  it also does n't show that different parts of the reu will be impacted in very different ways . 
  it also does n't show that the reu economy is currently in a worse state on a range of metrics ( unemployment and growth ) than the uk economy . 
   especially as the uk has the rebate which counteracts the cap . 
  no , it is more complicated than that . 
  as part of the cap , wealthy british landowners are subsidised by the tax payer whereas we impose tarrifs on poorer african farmers . 
  perhaps you are cool with our money being spent in this way , i am not . 
   let 's assume there wo n't be any trade between the uk and the eu . 
  this assumption is a ridiculous one though . 
  trading currently takes place between the eu and russia notwithstanding the fact that ( i ) there is no free trade agreement between the eu and russia , ( ii ) russia has annexed crimea , ( iii ) there are sanctions in place between the eu and russia . 
  are you really pretending that the reu is going to sanction the uk , a friendly peaceful democracy which accounts for the greatest share of the reu 's export market ? 
  do you see how absurd your assumption is ? 
  the prospect for an independent scotland in the eu without the rest of the uk also in the eu is a different one from the prospect of an independent scotland in the eu with the rest of the uk in the eu too . 
  of course not everyone agrees with me , but the uk electorate as a whole did agree with me the three times thatcher asked them . 
   ... shafting the working class in the process . 
  working classes benefitted from thatcher 's policies , which is why they voted for her . 
  remember , thatcher was from a relatively modest background herself which is why she understood the aspirations of the working classes . 
  yes , thatcher effectively reduced the power of the unions and made substantial reforms to the uk 's labour market and economy . 
   the backlash of having of having brits passing their seal of approval over us candidate will just generate protest support . 
  i 'm glad our parliament are debating this only because the debate is the consequence of a petition . 
  petitions have a lengthy tradition in our parliamentary system and parliament should not ignore the petitioners even if the subject matter is such that it is . 
  however , i think that a majority of our parliamentarians will conclude that we should not interfere in the democratic processes of a friendly nation ( and in my view that is the correct outcome ) .
