   a huge amount of britons have no idea how the legal structures for the various vestiges of the empire work . 
  it is incredibly confusing . 
  even lawyers and constitutional scholars struggle with it . 
  for example , under uk law , ireland is not even considered `` foreign '' . 
  how crazy is that !, 
   but recent history has shown that the british themselves can have a very flimsy comittment to the ideals behind why this should be the case . 
  the uk has been extremely committed to the ideals behind this . 
  i would also like to say thanks very much for your comment , which is really interesting . 
  it is true that he said something ambiguous . 
  however , you claimed that he said something unambiguous . 
   i think your argument boils down to `` he ca n't have said that because that would be too stupid a thing to say '' , but bear in mind that this david davis we 're discussing . 
  no , my argument boils down to what he actually did say . 
  this kind of stuff is why we voted leave . 
  i agree that it reflects some newspaper articles . 
  it does not reflect what david davis actually said though . 
  he never actually made that claim . 
  he made a different statement . 
   specifically , i have interpreted it to mean : read your own post at the very start of this thread . 
  presumably you stand by your own words ? 
  your words do not accurately reflect what david davis department actually said . 
  it is no longer the case that 48 % want to remain . 
  lots of people who voted remain are now happy to vote for the tories . 
  ireland and the uk are agreed about there being no hard border . 
  we are on the same side . 
  read the white paper and the article 50 letter setting out the government 's position . 
  really sad for his family and loved ones . 
  stay strong frenchies . 
  edit - and it appears the second police officer has also died . 
  heartbreaking for their families and communities . 
  please stop with the nonsense about hard borders . 
  you know ireland are right here . 
  yeah , not once are the lib dems saying that the uk should not leave the eu . 
  they are pro-brexit now . 
  they just want a different kind of brexit . 
  brexit means leaving the eu . 
  if lib dems are now campaigning for us to leave the eu then they are brexiteers . 
   just because they have accepted the current circumstances does n't mean that they would prefer something different . 
  polls show that people are pretty much sticking to their decision for both leaving and remaining . 
  let 's see how people vote in the general election . 
  the conservatives ' plan for a deep and special brexit will get huge support . 
  the eu also wants free trade with the uk , which is great . 
  yeah , they had an anti-brexit stance back at the time of the richmond by-election . 
  their current plan is for the uk to leave the eu but stay in the single market . 
  if two parties are negotiating , the views of one of the parties is relevant . 
  lib dems and labour are now also pro brexit too . 
  we are all brexiteers now :-), 
  any other british posters whenever they see `` le pen '' think that it should be `` le stylo '' ? 
  or is this just me ? 
   or a superficial bog standard relationship . 
  and if there is no relationship whatsoever , then we 'll also live with that . 
   the lib-dems are the only party who can try to frame the election as a referendum on brexit . 
  lib dems are apparently not going to commit to reversing brexit in their manifesto . 
  you do n't speak for everyone and it is quite arrogant to suggest so . 
  obviously some people are still remoaning , but the majority now accept that we will leave the eu and overwhelmingly will vote for parties committed to brexit at the next general election . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  we want a deep and special relationship but not membership . 
  i agree that silver had no clue whatsoever about the uk general election 2015 . 
  modelling the uk general election is harder than the us presidential one in some ways as there are 650 seats rather than 50 states and there are more political parties in the uk . 
  i do think a claim that the french polls are herding might have some merit though . 
  i 'm also open to being persuaded otherwise , 
  i 'd love to see his analysis . 
  thanks , that 's interesting . 
  i am reminded of the polls before the uk 2015 general election where it seems that there was a herding effect . 
  the polls underestimated tories by 3 % and overestimated labour by 4 % . 
  french polls are pretty consistent . 
  have there been any allegations that the pollsters are herding ? 
   you 've interpreted this to mean `` the timetable to move the eba and the ema will be subject to the exit negotiations '' . 
  actually , i have simply said that this is an interpretation that is both consistent with the actual words used and what will happen . 
  you have interpreted it to be `` david davis claims that the eba and ema can stay in the uk post brexit '' . 
  this is simply not consistent with the actual words used . 
  this is just not a claim that has been made . 
   i invited you to support this interpretation with some clarification from the government . 
  i have no idea whether or not there is any clarification , but that is irrelevant to me . 
  whether or not there is any clarification , you are still stating that david davis claimed something that he has not claimed . 
  the fact that a newspaper is also making this statement does not make it correct . 
  just read the actual words used . 
   a responsible government , accountable to its people , would have either put safeguards in place there were extensive safeguards . 
  the referendum was in the 2015 manifesto of three political parties . 
  those political parties got a majority of votes and seats in the 2015 general election . 
  then a majority of mps voted for legislation for the referendum , with extensive debates about the franchise , question , timing , organisation of it , with extensive regulation by legislation and by the electoral commission . 
  then there followed the referendum itself . 
  then there followed a judicial process about who had power to begin the process . 
  then there followed a legislative process about empowering the government to begin the legislative process . 
  now we are beginning a negotiation . 
  we are also having a general election to check if the country are happy with the government 's position and actions . 
  how many more safeguards do you want ?!, 
   because it 's not in the people 's interests . 
  it is in the people 's interests . 
   a more feasible solution would be to have some kind of dual-mandate at the ecb the ecb already has some sort of dual-mandate though . 
  i am not sure if you can make changes to the current mandate that will make a practical difference . 
   then the eu 's post 2010 macroprudential reforms needs to be written into the maastricht treaty . 
  as for the macroprudential reforms , why do they need to be in the treaty if they are already in the brrd , crd etc ? 
  as a matter of law the same thing is achieved . 
   and surplus-sharing mechanisms in place this is the most difficult thing but also the most necessary , in my view . 
  you 're fucked . 
   though 90 % of the government 's mps just rephrase their praise for the government as a question and call it a day . 
  i agree that when the pm is questioned by her own mps that this is normally as boring as fuck and i zone out . 
  every now and then some mp rebels and asks their own pm a difficult question - i love those moments . 
  you sound like someone who hates democracy . 
  no , i am simply saying what the statement said literally .
