  - there is no french politician at the moment that seems to have both charisma and a vision for europe . 
  there does n't seem to be a french politician making the case for the eu , making an argument for what reforms might be needed . 
  hollande is too unpopular and associated with domestic failure and does not have a very good relationship with merkel . 
  hollande has also had to endure the humiliation of brussels criticising the french budget for not meeting the deficit requirements . 
  the inevitable consequence of this is the growth of the fn . 
  it does n't make sense to separate economics and politics because they impact each other . 
  this is one of the main reasons why the eurozone has been a failure , political considerations were prioritized over economic ones . 
  now the situation is such that what is economically necessary does not seem to be politically possible . 
  the massive fiscal transfers work for the usa because there is politicial acceptance of them and there is a democratic mandate for them . 
  this is not the case in the eurozone . 
  it seems that eurozone states do n't want to transfer money to greece . 
  it is also contrary to the treaties and it seems that nobody wants to change the treaties now in case people vote against them . 
  they do n't have the same issues . 
  they all speak the same language . 
  they have strong central institutions like a president they identify with and a central bank with a strong mandate . 
  they have massive fiscal transfers from state to state . 
  no worries . 
  the working paper is an interesting read , but not one that i personally think is sufficiently robust to draw strong conclusions from . 
  do you have a link ? 
  if it is the one i am thinking of , it was n't quite as explicit as that . 
   thanks australia , but europe is not an island . 
  some bits of europe are islands ... ;-), 
  rather than traction of an article , what is relevant is traction of a story . 
  you do n't need to be able to quantify traction to be able to discuss whether it is there . 
  take the mps expenses scandal in 2009 in the uk press : this story got an incredible amount of traction and dominated the entire news cycle of weeks . 
  or take the story around mps salaries going up in 2014 : this garnered a fair bit of attention and was covered on newsnight etc , but obviously less traction than the expenses scandal . 
  i have not seen any traction at all in the uk press ( or spanish press or italian press or french press ) for meps allowances going up . 
   the only response to that is `` lol no '' . 
  exchange rates will depend largely on monetary policy of greece , which we ca n't predict . 
  it also depends on how co-operative the rest of the eu is , and i would hope it would be very co-operative . 
  also , you have n't really addressed my substantive points about currency fluctuations : they are not bad in and of themselves and are indeed a necessary corrective mechanism when economies fall out of line with each other . 
  separately , are you downvoting my posts ? 
  among the uk press the only stuff i read is guardian , telegraph , financial times , economist , spectator . 
  however , i would be surprised if a story on meps expenses going up gets much traction in the uk press . 
   what is your basis for that ? 
  i would n't say brits are more racist , but also not less . 
  my own personal experience primarily . 
  [ but this is backed up by study . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2013/05/15/a-fascinating-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-racially-tolerant-countries/ ) however , i think i was probably wrong to write `` far '' . 
  also , i think it is worth noting that spanish attitudes to race have changed a lot in the last two decades . 
   it 's quite a significant difference , in particular when it comes to residency rights in the uk and the rest of the eu . 
  i 'm not aware of there being movements within bermuda or bvi etc wanting formal residency rights in the rest of the eu , but if that want were to arise it should be addressed . 
  there is no point addressing a hypothetical problem . 
   let 's just judge acts , shall we ? 
  you 'll convene that the curious distinction between gibraltarians and falklanders on one hand , and other botcs on the other had more than a slight whiff of the `` rivers of blood '' in it , wo n't you ? 
  no , this idea that this law is racist which is is ridiculous . 
  and also you are moving your own goal-posts : earlier you seemed to be arguing that there was currently treatment of favour based on skin colour . 
  now you seem to admit that there is no such thing . 
   well , the uk does not see gibraltar as sovereign either ... 
  the uk is happy for gibraltar to have a referendum to choose its own future , make its own laws and so forth . 
  this is the main reason why gibraltarians do n't want to be part of spain . 
  the uk gives them a lot of freedom . 
  the uk would certainly let them join schengen if they wanted . 
   the uk 's checks are n't `` politically motivated '' ? 
  what motivates them , then , the holy ghost ? 
  the schengen area is not capable of looking after its own borders , which is why there are camps in calais . 
  the uk needs to check borders because the schengen area is not capable of this . 
   not quite . 
  the only significant difference is a result of gibraltar having a status within the eu and bermuda and bvi not having a status within the eu . 
  however , your insinuation that britain is being racist to do this is very odd indeed . 
  as i am sure you know , britain is an ethnically very diverse place indeed : brits are far less racist than spaniards in fact . 
   you do n't seem to understand how this `` agreement '' thingie works : it requires at least two parties , and i do n't think that the spanish government , as an extant party to the schengen agreement , will agree to gibraltar joining it on its own , already because spain does n't see gibraltar as a sovereign entity , and the uk is in charge of gibraltar 's foreign relations anyway . 
  this sounds like a problem that spain are maintaining then . 
  the fact that spain does not see gibraltar as sovereign is really not the fault of the uk . 
   and , quite frankly , it is more than a little bit hypocritical to criticise spain for maintaining passport controls at its border with gibraltar , when `` brits '' do n't want to abolish passport controls to travellers from spain ... spain 's checks are politically motivated and disproportionate unlike the uk 's . 
  unfortunately they hurt local spaniards more than anyone : the spaniards that gibraltar gives work to . 
   that 's a very , very big eventuality . 
  it will happen , but only after absolutely massive `` human suffering '' , as varoufakis puts it . 
  the people of greece should not have to go through that stabilisation period , and you would n't wish that on your own neighbour either . 
  actually , it is very hard to predict what will happen . 
  the new currency might stabilise quickly - the currency trading desks are already ready and waiting in london to provide liquidity the moment it is needed . 
  currency fluctuations are not of themselves a bad thing : look at the way the swiss franc or the british pound or the american dollar go up and down against each other and the euro : this is an entirely normal part of international finance . 
  i do n't think a grexit automatically implies human suffering . 
  greece 's european partners could decide to rally round greece after all and help the transition . 
  what is certain is that the massive human suffering will continue in greece unless massive changes are made to the treaties as soon as possible and this , unfortunately , does not look likely . 
   and the people of gibraltar certainly get a treatment of favour ( notably , in the access to a british citizen passport ) compared to those of other british overseas territories . 
  i 'm sure their skin colour has absolutely nothing to do with that ... gibraltarians have the same right to a british passport as bermudans and british virgin islanders . 
   anyway , there would an easy solution to the issue of the border queues out of gibraltar : just join the schengen agreement . 
  in one stroke , that would also solve the problem of the queues at passport controls in heathrow , which are also less than pleasant . 
  no thanks , brits do n't want to join schengen . 
  gibraltar can join it if it wants though . 
   as a normal person , which do you choose ? 
  people will hoard euros and not trust the new currency , and as such the currency will be worthless . 
  people will be paid in the new drachma and as such there will inevitably be a market in them . 
  once an exchange rate stabilises , there wo n't be an advantage to transferring drachma to euro . 
   i ca n't help but wonder what the people of / r/europe think of this : to me , it seems controversial , but i have n't heard any mention of this in the national ( dutch ) news or read about it in the newspaper . 
  is it just business as usual ? 
  because a rise of a billion in the bureaucratic costs of the parlement seems rather steep to me in these times of trouble . 
  especially since it is an absolutely unnecessary one . 
  generally euphiles argue that more money towards meps allowances is a good thing in order to avoid corruption . 
  the reason why this kind of rise happens is precisely because national media do not really follow this kind of story : meps are far too remote from their electorate . 
  they can effectively pay themselves what they like and the european electorate will mostly not know or care . 
   second , if it is n't the end of the eu , it will most certainly cause a lot of damage to the eu and i doubt there will be any support within the eu for allowing greece to stay . 
  there is n't a mechanism for expelling greece from the eu even if the other member states get sick of greece . 
   third , why even stay in the eu if they want more autonomy ? 
  if they stay , they still have to follow all the eu directives and regulations , which may not be compatible with managing their own currency . 
  the uk manages its own currency in a different way from how the euro is managed and is in the eu . 
   because their currency wo n't be worth the paper it 's printed on . 
  as i said previously , if they default and exit the eu , they will be an international pariah especially when it comes to creditors , nobody will lend them a penny . 
  this depends a bit on the nature of the default .
