  however , this is n't really a quirk : instead it is inherent in the system . 
  anyway , by pointing out that scotland just elected a ukip mep i 'm not trying to overplay the popularity of ukip in scotland but simply illustrate that they are electorally significant . 
  it is n't clear to me if ruk euscepticism is a significant factor in the scottish referendum debate as there is euscepticism within scotland too and also there is a lot of uncertainty over scotland 's eu status in the event of a `` yes '' vote . 
  if ukip 's first candidate was comfortably ahead of the snp 's third candidate even after the snp got the benefit of tactical voting ( from people like you ) then in my mind it seems even more clear that it was n't even that close . 
   the ukip mep mainly got in because the final seat had the vote split between the final snp and green party . 
  i would n't characterise it like that . 
  the d'hontd system does n't involve voting for specific seats - but is a proportional system in which the seats ( in this case six of them ) are allocated proportionately based on the votes in the electoral region . 
  one of the aims of this system is to try and avoid tactical voting and to encourage people to vote for their first choice of party . 
  in the end the maths showed that the first ukip candidate 's share was comfortably ahead of the the third snp candidate 's share who was comfortably ahead of the first green candidate 's share . 
   a lot of the mentality between the british and the germans is very similar , and our cultures have a lot of similar points . 
  in many ways i agree with this . 
  had history been different our countries would have been very natural allies and perhaps in the future we will be . 
  we 're both direct , stoical , inwardly romantic and much misunderstood by our neighbours . 
   the problem in the uk has always been that they ca n't decide whether they want to be a centralist state like france or a truly federal one like germany . 
  i 'm not sure if this really needs to be a problem , instead i think of it as a `` situation '' . 
  the uk 's unique constitutional arrangements reflect a unique history . 
   they are also partly defined in contrast to the standard english identity that has dominated politically for hundreds of years . 
  the english identity has been a quiet identity for years . 
  historically people in england have been much more hesitant about their identity compared to other parts of the uk ( english tend not to self-identify as english , tend to wave their flag less ) . 
  also , for generations the english have been under-represented in parliament in comparison to their population size . 
  being scottish or welsh has not been a bar to success in public or private life in the uk . 
   ironically , i think the blustering anti-eu attitude of many british politicians only strengthened the separatist vote in scotland . 
  it is hard to know if this is true or not . 
  scotland just elected a ukip mep for the first time . 
  it is n't clear to me that eu membership has been a decisive factor in this referendum , as it can be argued from both directions by both the yes campaign and the no campaign . 
  english people love the irish although if you win the six nations next again year this could be the end of a beautiful friendship ( you 've been warned ... ) . 
  i based myself on a quote from salmond during a debate , and it seems obvious political common sense not to hedge yourself in . 
  my understanding is that they have considered four opinions : ( 1 ) currency union with the ruk ( 2 ) use gbp without a currency union ( 3 ) euro ( 3 ) new scottish currency they have expressed a preference for ( 1 ) . 
  obviously , if ruk refuses a currency union , they ca n't have ( 1 ) and will have to do one of the other options . 
  salmond has not said which opinion they will choose ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) in that case , so as not to hedge themselves in . 
  anglosphere is best sphere ... 
   basically say that they will not tolerate any further renegotiation of the european social-democratic welfare state that has characterized countries like france for ~ 200 years and that has led to northern and western europe monopolizing most best-places-to-live lists . 
  i 'm afraid that saying this will have zero impact on wall street and the city of london . 
  it will also have zero impact on the french people 's way of life . 
  is there anything specific ( i.e. 
  not metaphors ) you mean here ? 
  what can a french politician do to `` shake up '' wall street and the city of london to preserve the way of life of the french people ? 
   a country like france may need someone with spine who is willing to `` shake up '' wall street and the city of london to preserve his/her people 's way of life . 
  i 'm afraid that wall street and the city of london are really not harming the french people 's way of life . 
  i 've no idea what you mean by `` shake up '' , but there really is nothing that a french politician can do to shake up wall street and the city of london to preserve the french way of life . 
   i think france and the uk will be quite pleased , as they both wanted financial commissions . 
  ( i think ? ), 
  france will be pleased , uk not so much . 
  uk wanted the single market brief ( including financial services ) or at the very least to get single market and then a uk-friendly-country ( not that many of those ! ), 
  to get financial services . 
  there is something unbearably unsymettric about that flag . 
  but i guess us anglo-czechs will just have to get used to it ... 
  being isolated is better than signing the wrong thing . 
  also , you would not have been isolated - you would have been with britain . 
  i 'm afraid that if your government has no balls and you would rather sign stuff that is harmful to your country than risk isolation , then of course you are going to be pushed around . 
  you do know that your government signed the fiscal compact ? 
  my government did n't because it was not in the best interests of my country . 
  if it was not interests of your country , your government should not have signed it . 
  you need to blame your government . 
  i agree . 
  uk and france do not want germany to get nuclear . 
  relations are good partly because we have superior militaries , which , in the anglo-french mentality , compensates for your superior economy . 
  there is no appetite in the uk and france to transfer nuclear or unsc permanent membership to the eu . 
  this would be political suicide . 
  also , uk and france recognise that they are de facto guantantors of europe . 
  his country is denmark . 
  they are n't imposing anything on you . 
  also , your country chose to enter the euro voluntarily . 
  if you want control over your own monetary and economic policy , you need to have your own currency . 
   so you would stymie border trade to spite the scots and the english businesses that trade north of the border ? 
  that 's an interesting platform to run on , let 's see if it works . 
  again , where is your evidence that a different currency would harm trade ? 
  if you think that as a policy platform your currency union would be a successful one , then presumably that can be argued during the democratic process . 
  i have n't heard these voices south of the border . 
   no , that 's a bizarre interpretation of a situation where two or more states share the same currency to suit your own ends . 
  the fact that you 've twisted `` share the same currency '' to `` we take on scottish debt '' speaks volumes . 
  if only we in the south did n't have to take on the northern debt while we 're at it , right ? 
  that 'd be best for us down here , and damn everyone else who works in these areas and trades elsewhere . 
  fuck you , got mine . 
  great policy platform . 
  it 's not really just my interpretation , but also that of the bank of england , the leaders of all nationwide political parties , many major economists . 
  also , please do n't use quotation marks when you 're not quoting . 
  the deal with a successful currency union would involve tax payers from each nation being liable for the debts of the systemically important financial institutions of the other nation . 
  i ca n't tell whether or not this is something that you do n't accept , or so accept but think that the taxpayers of each nation should have no say on or no interest in . 
  as for we in the south taking on debt of the north - this is n't really relevant to the discussion about banks as the south and the north are not different jurisdictions , have the same legal and regulatory system . 
  banks are n't incorporated in just the south or the north . 
  however , obviously there should be fiscal transfers between the south and the north . 
  fiscal transfers between ruk and and independent scotland should only take place with the consent of the taxpayer . 
   compared to the splits that have historically gone on in europe the secession of scotland from the uk would involve an enormous amount of paperwork and little else , including little change in trade , political policy or diplomacy , and you are being willfully misleading to suggest otherwise . 
  it would become a new country . 
  a currency union between separate countries involves a phenomenal amount of work . 
  and , crucial to its success , is consent of the people involved . 
  the people of england , wales and northern ireland have not given consent . 
   i feel like i 'm retreading ground here so i 'm just going to stop no , i 'm keen to find out why you think that the scots would not do fine with their own currency . 
  denmark , sweden , new zealand , norway and australia all manage . 
  as you know , scotland having its own currency is one of the options specifically endorsed by salmond in the white paper . 
   we refer to we , the english , the kings and queens of this little kingdom . 
  as mentioned already , the first minister of wales has specifically come out against a currency union with scotland . 
  the idea that this is some english preference is simply not true . 
   and when it falls apart i 'd like us to have a bigger word in global politics by being a bigger somewhat united `` entity '' . 
  if slovakia do n't want you , then perhaps we can interest you to join us , now that scotland is leaving ? 
  how about the united kingdom of england , wales , czecho and northern ireland ? 
  ok , there might be some difficult details : would you join the poundzone ? 
  or should we join the korunazone ? 
  would you be happy not to be republic but to be a principality ?
