  this is bad scientific control and bad democracy . 
  of course political parties can have views on the voting system . 
  each politician had a position . 
  i personally voted `` no '' in that referendum as i like the uk 's current voting system . 
   elements with no stake need to ` present sides ' , not those with vested interests , and broadcast media should not be allowed to frame the debate : fact-checking news by highly transparent third-parties needs to become a legal requirement . 
  i disagree . 
  there should be free speech and we should not limit the rights of press to report and opine as they wish . 
  there is no such thin as people with `` no stake '' in dramatic constitutional change . 
  everyone has an interest . 
   i 'd rather there be an online `` forum '' where every citizen gets a unique , anonymous id which can only be used in conjunction with their identity card that allows them to participate in the political debate in such a way that large scale manipulation is impossible without using thousands of real id cards . 
  this would at the very least allow the debate to be framed normally so we are n't misled to focus on some minutiae like curvy bananas . 
  the uk does not have id cards . 
  ( personally i do not want the uk to have id cards . ), 
  however , obviously people already can and do debate online as we are doing now . 
   but i have n't met a single individual off of the internet who is against it . 
  all the hate comes from online for some reason . 
  if everyone really wanted it , then it would be easy for politicians who want it to operate . 
  the fact that politicians are afraid of it , kind of shows you where opinion is . 
   but what i find the most interesting is that the referendum would be held ( by you i suppose ) at the national level . 
  if held at the ez level , taking the population as a whole , would you still support it ? 
  do you think , that if for example the people of country x voted no , but a majority of people in the ez as a whole voted `` yes '' , it would be fair on the people of country x to be forced into something they do n't want ? 
  ( i am sure we can both agree that it would not be fair . ), 
  let 's hope we get some similar pronouncements from juncker leading up to the brexit referendum . 
   if people can not be trusted with a bridge , you believe they can be trusted with dramatic constitutional change ? 
  yes . 
  i have just watched scotland have a referendum on independence . 
  i think it worked . 
   ` full democratic consent ' is no longer so meaningful in an information age where opinion manipulation has become trivially easy . 
  large majorities in major countries currently hold wildly contradictory beliefs that have no bearing on reality . 
  the information age actually makes it harder to manipulate opinion as it much easier to get a variety of opinions and is easy for lies to be refuted . 
   how meaningful is a democracy if people literally do n't know what they 're voting about , or are completely misled about the facts ? 
  for example most russians think ukraine shot down mh17 . 
  how might that reflect in their next election ? 
  democracy has been rapidly outpaced by disinformation . 
  i do n't think russia is a good example of a democracy . 
  for a democracy to work well , there must be a high level of free speech , which there is n't in russia . 
   we should be coming to the point where this is no longer acceptable . 
  i want people to be able to vote for what they want , but how can you stop them from being told what they want ? 
  in a robust debate like economic and monetary union , with massive constitutional change , there will be two sides both presenting their case . 
  also , i am not really sure if what you are proposing will lead to a better outcome . 
  do you think the people of the eurozone actually want a full fiscal union or not ? 
  ( if you believe that they do want it , i do n't know why you are afraid of a referendum on it . ), 
   ugh the obsession with these . 
  i think in the case of the dramatic constitutional change required in order to make a true and functional economic and monetary union , full democratic consent is completely necessary . 
  otherwise the entire construct will continue to be somewhat unstable ( as events today show ) . 
   a more integrated eu in terms of fiscal policies would not have had the same story happening as it would have been much easier to solve the greek problems , even those who do n't want it acknowledge that the correct order to do things is ( i ) get full democratic consent , preferably via national referendums , for a fiscal and monetary union , and after that ( ii ) put in place a fiscal union and political institutions and after that ( iii ) put in place monetary union . 
  the eu seems to be working backwards . 
   bringing in france , netherlands and austria could suceed also . 
  not if you ask the dutch and the french to vote in a referendum though ... 
   while almost all eu countries are struggling to get their budget deficit below 3 % , greece as of 2015 has a budget surplus uk has an opt-out and does n't have to comply with this rule and has a budget deficit of 5.7 % . 
  a survey of intentions is of only minor relevancd here . 
  i have no idea what point you are trying to make about immigration and my view on the eu . 
  they are not really related . 
  even if there was no immigration at all between the uk and the eu i would be in favour of leaving . 
  it is n't temporary . 
  it is largely permanent . 
  also , do you know what my position on immigration is ? 
  yes , it is a shame . 
  the project that was meant to bring prosperity and peace to europe has brought hatred , division and poverty . 
  the survival of the euro has become more important that the survival of greece . 
   it is imperative that the grexit is more painful for greece and the greeks we are now going to watch something very ugly . 
  the reurozone are going to try and ensure that greece suffers massively . 
  the uk should play no part in this and instead do everything it can to ensure that greece has a successful grexit . 
  finland got collateral from the greeks . 
  it is going to be really interesting to see if they get it back . 
  theoretically this puts finland in a better position that the rest of eurozone . 
  i do broadly agree with your analysis . 
  however , if this is our view , we can not therefore conclude that the fault lies solely with greece . 
  we must also blame those responsible for the eurozone generally . 
  actually , it has not got politically easier in the last few years , it has got politically harder . 
  there is no reason to believe that the politics will improve . 
  back six months ago , we were all characterizing grexit as a sudden and drastic event . 
  in fact , we were wrong , it turns out to be somewhat lengthy and strung-out process . 
  actually , my experience of italians is that they have become more opposed to the euro over the last 12 months . 
  this also seems to be backed up [ by eurobarometer ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/articles/pdf/fl405_report_final_en.pdf ) which notes the significant change in italian attitudes . 
  i think a combination of this attitude to the euro , the greek crisis and the migrant crisis could have some significant consequences for italy . 
  we 're not quite there yet , but we are heading towards unchartered waters . 
  european unity is no longer really growing . 
  the political ramifications of the last 24 hours will last a long time . 
  some electorates are going to be seriously pissed off . 
  same in the uk . 
  in theory you can get a new prime minister in place in a couple of hours ( provided the queen is available ) . 
  constitutionally , no election is required . 
  italy is nowhere near a bankrun . 
  however , euscepticsm in italy is higher than it has ever been and this is something that is going to have an impact eventually . 
  agreed . 
  default is not enough . 
  ideally they will continue to reform . 
  the british eusceptics predicted this disaster in the 1990s and we were ridiculed at the time . 
  it turns out we were right . 
  greece 's current situation has everything to do with the poor design of the single currency . 
  i 'm not gleeful , because things are now going to be very tough for many greek people . 
  however , in the long run , their options are now better , so for that reason i am hopeful . 
  separately , is your position that the euro , as currently designed , is perfect , with no possible improvements ? 
   not sure how you work that out . 
  this is basic logic and maths . 
  say for example country x was the second largest export market for every reu country and if you added up the total for exports from all reu to country x that total was greater than for any other country ? 
  this is what we are doing when we are looking at the largest export market for the reu . 
  we are looking at the total . 
  each individual figure does not matter : the total matters .
