  law is very local , though for cross-border transactions , english law is much more widely used than any other legal system within the eu , which gives english legal providers a massive advantage . 
  the aim of the european commission , if it were really serious about promoting a single market , would be to bring down barriers which even smes in one member state have to accessing legal services from other member states ( even smes need to engage in cross border transactions ) . 
   so why should the eu allow something that benefit only one country over the other 27 ? 
  the view of the european commission is that the single market should be deepened and that allowing uk service sector to compete freely against less efficient continental service sector will give consumers in the continent more choice , cheaper services and this will force the continental service sector to become more efficient . 
  british insurance companies , banks , mortgage companies , lawyers , accountants can not easily offer their services across the eu . 
  in the uk there is a view that the uk 's service sector is more advanced and competitive compared to everywhere else in the eu and if the single market for services were completed this would be massively advantageous for the uk . 
  there is also a view that germany is deliberately slowing down integration of the single market in services . 
  non jewish lawyer here , with lots of jewish friends and colleagues . 
  the international evil jewish conspiracy will hire you if you are good at the law . 
  they do n't care too much if you are not jewish . 
   calling democracy outdated , and technocracy a good thing . 
  my dislike of technocracy is basically my main reason why i will vote to leave the eu . 
   so i very much hope the uk will stay in , keep things in check and hope we can one day rid ourselves of both the euro as well as some other aspects of the eu to return to some reasonable form of voluntary non-conformist cooperation . 
  the uk can and will make a success of a brexit . 
  dutch people are not stupid , the dutch voted `` no '' to the eu constitution after all . 
  if the uk votes to stay in the eu there will be no drastic change . 
  things will carry on as before . 
  if brits vote to leave , then things will have to change drastically . 
  the eu can not just carry on as before if we leave . 
  trust us on this one , things will also get better for you if we vote out , in the long run . 
   i could n't explain it any better than you just did . 
  my sister 's husband is dutch so i have an insight into what the dutch think about brits , french and germans ... 
  there is a very strong anglophile attitude among dutch people . 
  dutch people seem to love a lot of british culture and in many ways dutch and british people are quite similar . 
  as much as i like the dutch people , i do n't think you really do need us in the eu with you . 
  whan we leave , you will have to have your own national conversation about whether you want your country to federalise completely with france and germany . 
  you already share a currency with them . 
   i think it 's fair to say though that the city of london did n't grow as much as it would have done , had we been in the eurozone . 
  i mean , british pound sterling is used considerably less in an international context than the euro is . 
  actually , that is not true at all . 
  there is no reason why a financial centre is benefitted by being in a country that uses a reserve currency . 
  look at how successfully singapore has grown as a financial centre in recent years . 
  capital is incredibly global and currencies can trade outside their country of origin . 
  financial transactions take place in london with currency not being a barrier . 
  since the euro was created , financial centres in the eurozone have got relatively smaller rather than relatively larger . 
   why are the dutch relying so much on the uk ? 
  the dutch and the irish are most keen for the uk to be in the eu . 
  the dutch rely on a triangulation policy of making sure that the brits , germans and french act as counter-balances to each other . 
  the brits act as the dutch insurance policy against greater integration . 
  if you remove the brits from that equation , the dutch will feel like they can not stop the french and germans pushing all kinds of shit . 
   something as simple as taxing financial transactions between the uk and europe at a rate that makes doing so uncommunicative would have a monumental impact . 
  actually , if the reu tried to tax ruropean banks and companies that wanted to do financial transactions with uk based entities , the people that would primarily suffer would be the reuropean banks and companies . 
  essentially it would be making reuropean banks and companies less competitive compared to the rest of the world . 
   london is the gateway to the most lucrative market in the world . 
  put a barrier , even a small one in the way , and paris or frankfurt take over . 
  paris and frankfurt are not competitors with london . 
  london 's competitors are new york and singapore . 
  finance is global and not european . 
  london is the gateway to the most lucrative market in the world . 
  put a barrier , even a small one in the way , and paris or frankfurt take over . 
  and the london green too . 
   exactly , in fact one can well imagine that the confusion was especially acute in this case considering that such individuals represent one of ukip 's core constituencies . 
  people with special needs and educational difficulties tend to vote in their own interests just as clever people vote in their own interests . 
  the people that benefit most from uncontrolled migration into the uk are obviously the cleverer people ( whose jobs are much less likely to be taken by migrants and who are far more likely to be able to get onto the housing ladder ) . 
   you 're correct , it was the greens who nabbed the last spot not the libdem . 
  not quite , in the south east the greens got the 8th spot , lib dems got the ninth spot and ukip 's fourth person got the tenth spot . 
  even if ukip had got all the votes that aie got , they would still have got the same amount of meps in this seat . 
  it was in london and the south west in which arguably ukip lost two seats because of aie and not the south east . 
   without the clarification i would have thought you meant james bond 's boss . 
  lol . 
   that 's interesting . 
  is it the same for ireland ( as in , are northern irish considered irish nationals under irish law ? ), 
  anyone in northern ireland can have either british or irish nationality . 
  british passportholders who are resident in ireland can vote in irish parliamentary elections but not in presidential elections or referendums . 
  iirc british people resident in ireland can stand for parliament in ireland . 
   if people could n't tell the difference between that and ukip , they were probably voting at random . 
  i do n't think that is right . 
  remember , there are people with special needs and educational difficulties who are allowed to vote . 
  `` an independence in europe '' contrived a name deliberately to appear at the top of the ballot paper , which is in alphabetical order . 
  i think it is likely that a significant number of people who intended to vote ukip voted aie by mistake . 
   iirc , if it was n't for the group who deliberately named themselves very similar to ukip and people mistakenly handed them their vote thinking they actually were ukip , the libdems would n't have even got this one seat . 
  not quite true . 
  the lib dems got the ninth seat in the south east rather than the tenth . 
  thus they would have got a seat even if an independence in europe had not been on the ballot paper . 
  had an independence in europe not been on the ballot paper , it is possible that the greens would not have won their seats in the south west and london . 
  her comments after she visited calais make her sound delusional :  today i met syrians , afghans , eritreans and sudanese men and children . 
  many had undergone appalling journeys to get to the camp . 
  yes , people do make appalling journeys to get to calais . 
  if the uk were to give refuge to the people trying to escape france we would incentivise many more people to make appalling journeys to get to calais . 
  this would cause many deaths , give a lot of money to people smugglers and give even more inconvenience to the the people of calais . 
  in relation to calais , the uk has effectively two choices : - just open up its borders completely and let anyone who wants to come to the uk enter ; or - not let any refugees come via calais and instead take refugees directly from source , by plane . 
  the second option is of course by far the most sensible option . 
  it is true that the conditions in calais are bad , however , the refugees there are safe and they are free to claim asylum in france . 
  given that they are already in the schengen-area , those refugees can also get to anywhere else in the schengen-area relatively easily . 
  it is odd that it should be the uk at all costs . 
   i am incredibly frustrated with mr cameron and mrs may 's political posturing in the face of this suffering . 
  what does she actually want the uk to do ? 
  the uk is giving huge amounts of money to the unhcr to help with refugees . 
  the uk is not some magic money tree . 
  money should be spent wisely , it is far more wise that this money goes to underfunded refugee camps in the middle east than on those refugees that are strong enough or resourceful enough to cross continents and are already safe . 
   it 's not the british way of doing things -- we have a long and proud tradition of looking after the vulnerable and those fleeing conflict and persecution . 
  from the kinder transports to ugandan asians , we have always managed to do the right thing if she ca n't spot some difference between the calais migrants and the ugandan asians and the kinder transport , i have no words for her . 
  is she really saying that 21st century france under hollande is as dangerous as uganda under idi amin or germany etc under hitler ? 
  this is insane . 
   countries like germany and sweden are putting the uk to shame . 
  we should be taking in our fair share of refugees and taking part in a common european solution , including stepping up efforts to tackle the root causes in countries like syria and eritrea countries like germany have an entirely different set of demographics to the uk . 
  there is no point taking part in a common european solution if that solution does not solve a crisis and instead makes the crisis worse . 
  just because the rest of europe agrees a plan , the uk should not agree it if the plan does not make sense . 
   so a whole foreign country could vote in british elections , get money from britain and present themselves to rule in the parliament ? 
  the ones resident in the ruk would be able to do this .
