  unfortunately there will be no painless solutions . 
  southern europe either needs massive and permanent fiscal transfers from northern europe , or it needs its own currencies back ( and to inflate , export and liberalise ) . 
  i 'm not an isolationist at all . 
  one of my main gripes with the eu is not that it is too big , but that it is too small , i hate the idea of `` fortress europe '' , a club of rich nations artificially protecting their own markets , so that africa can not compete . 
  there is a huge element of uk euscepticism , that is based not on isolationism , but openness to the entire world ( and particularly the growing parts of the world , that will become increasingly important in the next years , many of which the uk has historic links with ) . 
  you might like to read the winning entry to a recent prize given by a eusceptic think tank in the uk . 
  the article was entitled `` a blueprint for britain : openness , not isolation '' . 
  this is exactly my own philosophy . 
  also , i 'm glad you do n't think i am a xenophobe , but using words like `` clean '' and `` pure '' and `` stink '' are somewhat unhelpful as they imply that i have a disgust of `` other '' , which is exactly what xenophobia is . 
  as for africa 's complexities , i strongly believe that the uk has a big obligation to solving these . 
  as a lawyer working in international finance it pleases me that africa is starting to become part of international finance as it means that foreign direct investment in africa will be set to grow massively . 
  the uk and france , which have roughly similar sized economies , have roughly equal net contributions to the eu . 
  without the rebate , the uk would be paying much more than france . 
  do n't you think the uk and france should be paying similar net contributions ? 
  or do you think the uk should be paying much more ? 
  they would n't be subject to duties . 
  the eu has put in place free trade agreements with countries as diverse as tunisia , nicaragua , albania . 
  you really think the eu and the uk wo n't get a free trade agreement ? 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market . 
  leaving the eu is not about xenophobia or prejudice and it is rather insulting that you equate the two things . 
  the eu is already a menu as the uk already has a number of opt-outs ( rebate , justice and security , euro , schengen ) and i am sure that many european nations will be keen to maintain good trading links with britain . 
  yes , the population is at all time high , mainly because immigration . 
  but there are also fewer people out of work as a percentage of the workforce . 
  also , total people employed is an important statistic as it is connected to the total size of the economy . 
  ouch !, 
  that hurt !, 
  what ukip stands for ? 
  leaving the eu , i would say !, 
  it will be a shock for the eu , but they will get over it very quickly . 
  it might actually be a wake up call for the eu , and encourage the eu to become entirely federal much quicker . 
  i think some meps do publicise their spendings ( and this is of course preferable ) though it is unfortunate that meps get a substantial allowance , into their own bank accounts without providing any evidence of spending at all . 
  i 'm not sure that ukip really is anti-working class . 
  ukip 's main voting demographic is working class . 
  i 'm glad you 're an anglophile . 
  however , i am sure your anglophilia is not dependent on the uk 's membership of the eu . 
  you are right that some international issues require coordination among nations , and the uk will always play its part in things like nato , the un , the unsc , the commonwealth , the wta etc. 
  the desire for the uk to leave the eu is partly about making the uk more internationalist rather than less . 
  as for the arrangements between the uk and the eu once the uk leaves , well , there are obviously a lot of open questions here . 
  i am sure we will reach a sensible arrangement whereby we can trade freely !, 
  i think your comment is a bit beneath you , which disappoints me as you and i have exchanged several friendly messages on here . 
  you are implying that i am xenophobic , and nothing could be further from the truth . 
  of course i care about africa . 
  the point i am making is that there is no inherent difference between an italian and a nigerian that would make me prefer one rather than another . 
  i would be grateful if you would kindly withdraw your comment . 
  i 've spent a lot of time in east africa and have many ethiopian and kenyan friends . 
  obviously , poverty and corruption that i have seen in africa breaks my heart . 
  the point i am making is that you can love a peoples and a culture without wanting to be in a union with them . 
  i love africans just as much as i love europeans . 
  also , i did n't write `` just as much '' . 
  i would appreciate it if you did n't misquote me . 
  i agree with you that ukip have played fast and loose with that statistic . 
  but unfortunately euphiles do the same . 
  what about clegg who claims that 3 million british jobs depend on the uk 's membership of the eu ? 
  unfortunately political debate seems always to be lowest common denominator . 
  i think we will be able to continue to be involved in european history , even outside the eu . 
  we can leave the eu , but our island will stay 20 miles from calais . 
  it did shoot up in 2008 and 2009 . 
  however , since 2011 is has been falling . 
  the poster about the eurocrat is a good one . 
  british people should know how their taxes fund the lavish tax free lives of eurocrats . 
  the public should debate this . 
  the poster on immigration does n't really do it for me ( personally i am fairly pro immigration to the uk ) but it is a fact that anyone in the eu can come to britain for work . 
  the public should be able to debate this , within being called racist . 
  nobody is advocating complete free movement around the entire planet . 
  almost everyone wants some limits on immigration . 
  it is just a question of where you put those limits . 
  wanting to limit immigration itself is not based on fear . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not based on hate or fear . 
  i like europe , just as i like africa , asia and america . 
  i just do n't want britain to be in the eu . 
  it 's not about hate . 
  no , underemployment is a falling problem in the uk . 
  i do n't have the figures from the national statistics office to hand ( am on a phone ) but the number of people in britain who have part time work but want fulltime work has been falling consistently in the last couple of years . 
  if you think the level of corporate taxes do not impact the job market , i suspect you do not work in business ? 
  i suppose you think businesses should give 100 % of profits to the taxman ? 
  markets , businesses and the wider economy act partly thru sentiment . 
  the sentiment that britain is not wasting so much money and is cutting the massive deficit is a reassuring one for businesses . 
  if britain went on a massive spending binge , businesses would assume that taxes would go up in the future ( and tighten belts accordingly ) . 
  but those uneducated people do n't think that the eu countries are like different us states . 
  they are just generally uneducated about them . 
  any that have even basic schooling know that sweden and germany are different.japanese and korean knowledge of europe is much better . 
  nobody in japan thinks germany and sweden are the same . 
  everyone knows they are different . 
  people already enter britain illegally . 
  but to get to ireland in the first place , immigrants need to go through passport control . 
  markets lend money to the uk at cheaper rates . 
  businesses become more confident . 
  this is already a risk . 
  scotland have a vote on independence in september . 
  it is right that scotland choses its own destiny . 
  the way it currently works . 
  the uk and ireland are already both outside schengen . 
  poles will be able to go directly to the uk . 
  they just wo n't be free to work there ( in the way that japanese , ethiopians and colombians currently ca n't ) . 
  the uk and ireland will likely both want to keep the common travel area , as is currently the case . 
  i find it odd that you would claim the 9 % figure , when the article itself goes on to quote directly from the report that produced the 9 % figure and say : `` the proportion of eu based laws could therefore be as much as 30-40 per cent or more . '', 
  it is odd that you would criticise ukip for being selective with statistics and then do the same yourself . 
  wanting to leave the eu and control borders is not based on hate and fear . 
  all countries have some limits on borders , including every eu country . 
  nobody claims these limits are based on hate and fear .
