   this dream is bigger than any person agenda ; there can be bumps in the way but the train is already in motion history is not an inevitable process and nor is the `` european dream '' ( or nightmare , depending on your views ) . 
  the last 50 years of european history have seen a train moving towards integration , but we can not assume that there will only be bumps along the way , but that the train will continue . 
  there is also a possibility that the train crashes . 
  or that a few carriages just come unstuck . 
  or that the train just turns around and goes back . 
  interesting times . 
  this is not quite true . 
  the uk will be a winner if greece exits the eurozone . 
   want the death of the euro currency . 
  the euro needs urgent reform as it has terrible design flaws , as shown on a daily basis by what is happening with greece . 
  this is one of the reasons why the uk stayed out of the euro . 
  either the eurozone is urgently reformed ( and this really means becoming a transfer union and writing off a larger part of greek 's debt ) or the currency will fail . 
  separately , it is correct for everyone to point out that the eurozone was badly designed and for the people who designed it to receive blame . 
  this is not nationalistic . 
  it is simply being ecomomically sensible . 
  when politicians make poor choices , as they did with the design of the eurozone , it is incumbent upon us to point this out and hold them and their views and their actions to account . 
  otherwise we will not learn from our mistakes . 
  the uk 's proposed changes and the eurozone 's changes can both happen at once . 
  the eurozone has to integrate further and become a transfer union . 
  the uk can repatriate powers at the same time . 
  the eurozone can not continue in the long term without treaty change . 
  the uk is the only country that wants treaty change . 
  every other country is refusing . 
  if you want treaty change , blame everyone else , but not the one country that wants treaty change . 
  just reading about it now !, 
  very interesting . 
  dpp did around what i thought they would do . 
  ( in my mind this means that the swedish democrats are also understated by the polls . ), 
  this changes sruff a bit for the uk renegotiation . 
  i guess denmark will now support the uk government . 
  there is no constitutional or legal requirement to follow praxis though ... 
  i expect they would have gained support . 
  they were doing better in the polls . 
  let 's hope we get more intervention from schulz . 
  he is a definite vote winner for the out side if we hear more from him . 
  power is one thing , influence is another . 
  they already have influence , just by taking votes from other parties . 
  yes , it would have been a considerable improvement . 
  any danes going to make any predictions ? 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say that the share of the votes of the right wing parties is understated by the polls and i therefore expect the danish people 's party to be above 20 % and venstre to form the government . 
  i have no particular insight into denmark , but just looking at the uk , sweden , israel , german , polish elections , the right has tended to be surprising swings to the right at the last minute . 
  even if the u.s. sub-prime crisis had not occurred , we would have ended up with a sovereign debt crisis eventually , given how the euro is currently constructed . 
  if the eurozone had been correctly constructed , with full fiscal transfers and stronger central institutions the eurozone would have been far less harmed by the sub-prime crisis , in the way that the u.s. has been . 
  they just do n't get to be ministers . 
  or if they are ministers they get fired . 
  the eurozone is not about stopping a genocidal war . 
  this is about as crazy as saying that people that are against the eurozone want a genocidal war . 
  in the uk things like abortion and euthanasia etc are always free votes by mps too and often people do n't vote on party lines , in the same way as denmark . 
  even on matters of policy that are n't obviously related to conscience , there are rebel mps who vote against their party : we will see this a lot on eu matters from hardline tory eusceptics voting against the government . 
  reasons are n't important . 
  the only thing that matters is outcomes . 
  the euro was created for a noble reason , but the outcome has been awful . 
  the uk seems to be the only country trying to force a tiered union ... 
  is it legal to give exit polls before voting has finished ? 
  in the uk it is against electoral law . 
  edit - thanks for responses . 
  thank you john major ... 
  agreed . 
  in the long term the uk will leave as it wo n't make sense to stay . 
  lol . 
  not really . 
  the eu set up a rubbish currency . 
  let 's be honest . 
  this was not only predictable , it was also predicted . 
  and , unsurprisingly , the uk stayed out of the euro for this reason . 
  of course this is legal . 
  if there was n't a handy channel between the uk and france we would have put a wall there instead . 
  sometimes [ good walls make good neighbours ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mending_wall ), 
  i voted ukip , and i like fptp . 
  i do n't want ukip to be in government . 
  i want them to shift the debate . 
  oh , ok . our citizenship laws are easier ... 
  grexit makes brexit more likely and will have many unforeseen economic and political consequences . 
  i 'm not sure if the ecr is really tiny any more . . ,, 
  if the current level of discussion continues , then i will go elsewhere for discussion . 
  currently it seems like / r/europe is the best place to discuss a broad range of european political issues with people from multiple perspectives . 
  if this stops , surely not too hard to create a better place ? 
  moderation is very tricky here in my view . 
  racist stuff needs to get deleted of course , but i think the job of the moderators here is very tricky ... 
  i agree that objectively it does n't feel like it should be pressing given the scale . 
  but the media cycle has decided that it is a massive issue and politics can not avoid the media cycle . 
  i 've been following closely the italian media for the last couple of weeks and i do not think that the italian media are going to take immigration off the front pages this whole summer . 
  ( we will see ... ) this puts renzi under massive pressure and will have significant political implications ( some of which we are already seeing . ), 
  in my mind the political consequences of immigration alone are worthy of considerable discussion on this sub . 
  if italy gives them italian nationality , then they can move to the uk . 
  a schengen visa means they ca n't get to the uk . 
  what 's the irish position ? 
  are they going to opt in ? 
  i think in recent weeks it has been navy rescuing most people . 
  hms bulwark rescued more than 1,000 people last weekend . 
   uk , germany and france are considered the big3 eu-countries and have huge influence on eu policy . 
  the uk , because of its opt-out , has very little influence on migrant policy and will not be able to vote on it in the european council etc. 
  in my mind it is better for the uk to have an opt-out and no influence on policy and make decisions for itself , than have an influence on policy , no opt-out and a risk of being outvoted . 
   well your country did n't want to join whereas romanians want to join the schengen area and used to get their hopes up every year just to be rejected again and again . 
  who is rejecting romania and bulgaria to join schengen ? 
  is it france ? 
  i think they will keep on rejecting you to be honest . 
   i tend to agree my friend . 
  better outside of ez and eu . 
  this is where i think the uk will end up too .
