   really ? 
  because they consistently favor the tories . 
  no , they do n't . 
  they are all within the margin of error of the other polls . 
  his nationwide have fluctuated much more than other series of polls , leading many people to assume that he is using several companies . 
  his individual constituency polling indicates labour winning more seats than the tories . 
   i can make this country out to sound like 100 % ukip voters , by holding a poll in certain building in an industrial estate in newton abbott . 
  i can also make the country appear to be mostly muslim by holding a poll in a mosque . 
  your `` fact '' is entirely irrelevant to the discussion at hand though , which is the extent to which the ashcroft polls are independent . 
  i agree that a poll that limited itself to an industrial estate in newton abbott would get a skewed result . 
  however , the polling companies that ashcroft uses are impartial . 
   you can pay a poll to say anything you want it to . 
  it sounds like you do n't follow the ashcroft polls closely ? 
  in what respect are they saying things that ashcroft himself wants ? 
   so ... they independently run the polls he pays them to run . 
  yes . 
  this is how the entire polling industry works . 
  an entity that is typically not independent ( usually a newspaper ) pays a polling company to run a poll . 
  the polling company is itself independent and publishes the results of the poll . 
  nobody in the uk who follows polling closely thinks of the ashcroft series of polls as being anything other than independent . 
   ashcroft is definitely not independent . 
  ashcroft himself is not independent , but the polling companies he uses are independent . 
   i doubt there would even with one , the conservatives do n't want to leave the eu and even if they did have one , they 'd campaign against it . 
  the most likely scenario is that the conservatives will be split , with some campaiging for our and some for in . 
  whether or not they still want a referendum , if they are in power there will be one . 
  they ca n't get out of it now . 
  law . 
  i am hiring ... 
   from relatively mild far-right parties i 'm not sure it really makes sense conceptually to all something both relatively mild and also far-right . 
  i must admit i do n't know much about the true finns , but which of their policies can legitimately be characterised as far right ? 
  honest question . 
   i do agree that the snp should be free to anyone in the country at the point of need , it is currently how it is in scotland . 
  [ no , this is not how it works . 
  look at nhs scotland 's website . 
  ] ( http://www.nhsinform.co.uk/rights/usingnhs/access/overseas-visitors/tourists/ ) not everyone in scotland can use nhs scotland for free : '' * if you do n't normally live in the eea or switzerland and your country does not have an agreement with the uk you will need to pay for all of your health care . 
  * ''  my partner is swedish , and i think it would be fucking ridiculous if she needed health insurance while she was here if she had an accident , people should just be treated without question . 
  i guess it is lucky she is swedish and not from some other country without an arrangement . 
   i think ukip are bigoted in general . 
  which bit of their manifesto do you think is bigotted ? 
   `` all visitors and migrants coming to the uk would be required to have nhs-approved private health insurance as a condition of entry . '', 
  is the snp 's position that anyone in the world can use the nhs for free ? 
   we were literally just speaking about the schengen area . 
  yes , this is open borders within the schengen area , but not with the rest of the world . 
  do you support open borders with africa , asia and the rest of the world ? 
  or is it just the schengen area ? 
  how about with ireland and england ? 
   it is not absurd for me to detest ukip , because i do . 
  simple as that . 
  the fact that you do detest them does not mean it is absurd . 
  you do not seem capable of addressing the points i have made , that essentially a decision over where identity and democracy should lie , the same issue that concerns both ukip and the snp , should not be a matter for `` destesting '' . 
  it would be incredibly bigotted for me to detest the snp just because they have a different view from me about where the demoracy should lie . 
  it is incredibly bigotted of you to detest ukip for what is essentially the same discussion . 
   i have never seen it said that the snp oppose the schengen area [ top of page 14 of the scottish government 's white paper for independence . 
  ] ( http://www.gov.scot/resource/0043/00439021.pdf )  free and open nhs for all the ukip position on nhs is that it is free and open . 
   reform of the prison system to be rehabilitating instead of punishing citation needed . 
   open borders eh ? 
  almost no political party anywhere in the world supports open borders and certainly not the snp . 
   staying in the eu . 
  of course i am going to dislike them . 
  ultimately , this is not a reason to dislike someone . 
  i personally believe in the uk , but i do n't dislike the snp . 
  i 'm sure if i said that i dested the snp you would think me absurd . 
  i recognise that the snp 's reason for wanting inddepence is based on a belief about identity and democracy . 
  this is exactly the same as ukip , which is why it is absurd for you to destest ukip . 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  if you support the scotland being part of the schengen area , it surprises me that you are supporting a party that does not want scotland to be part of the schengen area . 
  if you want scotland to be in the eu , but not in the uk , that makes sense as a position : it is a view as to where governance and identity lie . 
  however , it does not make sense for you to `` detest ukip '' as the belief that the uk should not be part of the eu is another view as to where governance and indentity lie . 
  it is exactly the same discussion . 
  the opposite is happening in the uk . 
  it is very difficut to find workers in some areas because of the low unemployment figures . 
  in my firm we just increased salaries by 10 % of most of the staff to stop people leaving . 
   i do n't agree with their policies , their leader , or their views . 
  their main view is that the uk should leave the eu . 
  this is not terribly different from the snp 's view that scotland should leave the uk . 
  it is just on a different scale . 
  their second main view is that the uk should control immigration in relation to the eu . 
  the uk already controls immigration in relation to the rest of the world . 
  to control it in relation to the eu is not so very different . 
   it could also be said that the labour party have abandoned their voters . 
  i kind of agree . 
  however , the labour leader that voters seem to like the most was blair , the most right-wing ever labour leader . 
   as an snp supporter who detests ukip , i realise just how much fptp is benefiting me this year , but i still think it needs serious reform . 
  why do you destest ukip ? 
  ukip just wants to ensure governance moves from brussels to westminster , whereas the snp want to move it from westminster to hollyrood . 
  this does not seem a thing to `` destest '' about . 
   the talk of pissing off english voters seems entirely fabricated by the media . 
  we will find out the answer to this by next week , but i am expecting a late swing from lab to con partly because of this issue . 
  i think it is the reason for the swing we have already witnessed in the last week . 
  the entire reason for miliband 's clear statements in recent days that there will be no labour/snp deal ( e.g. 
  '' * what i want to indicate very clearly to the british people , is that the conservatives are perpetuating a falsehood which is somehow there 's going to be some coalition or deal between ourselves and the snp * '' ) is so as not to worry the english . 
  if the english wanted a deal with the snp or wanted to vote for snp then there would be a deal or talk of a deal . 
   i 'm considering voting conservative ( voted lib dem last time ) . 
  usually it 's a settled issue , but this election it feels like it sits on a knife edge . 
  this is why cons will stay in dowing street . 
  in the very final week , floating voters will look at things like trident and decide to vote conservative . 
  there are massive risks to the long term future of the labour party of cutting a deal with the snp . 
  the deal will likely really piss of english voters and the mere discussion of it is already making floating voters incline to the tories . 
  there is a reason why the conservatives have been majoring on it . 
  the deal could come unstuck ( and likely would come unstuck ) at some stage during 2016 during the hollyrood elections , particularly if the snp put another referendum in their manifesto , as seems reasonably likely .
