  this is a wonderful opportunity to really liberalise . 
  this year our entry is most boring mainstream song you have ever heard . 
  i have not listened to yours yet ... 
  the norwegian people and the icelandic people do not want to be in the eu and nor do the swiss people . 
  if anything , their peoples seem to be moving away from wanting to join.like the british people . 
  that is the similarity . 
  i know that the uk is doing something unprecedented . 
  being in the eea would not work for the uk . 
  i 'm not sure why you think it will be painful for us . 
  we are keeping calm and carrying on shopping . 
  unemployment stayed low . 
  our economy kept growing . 
  this is wonderful exciting opportunity for both the uk and the eu . 
  let 's make brexit a success for both sides :-), 
  ok thanks , now i have waterloo in my head and ca n't get it out again ... 
  if we competed separately , like in football or rugby , perhaps we could get more points ... 
  in recent years france , uk and germany compete for last place or doing very badly . 
  not sure if for politics or our terrible songs ... 
  the ex-yugos mostly did n't qualify for the final though . 
  can they still vote ? 
  this says something about the standard of the competition ... 
  switzerland and norway have both had referendums on joining the eu . 
  iceland is withdrawing its accession . 
  i am not opposed to any decisions being taken outside the uk parliament . 
  i am delighted for decisions being taken in the uk 's devolved decisions and assemblies . 
  and i accept that decisions are taken in international bodies too , e.g. 
  issues like quotas have to be managed before the uk leaves the eu anyway , the eu needs this to be done too , because it will impact them too , both in terms of bilaterals and in terms of wto membership . 
  questions of regulation and regulatory bodies etc will largely be answered by the great repeal bill . 
  uk and mexico can be ready to replicate the trade deal the minute that the uk is formally outside the eu . 
  it is n't more effective for the uk to outsource management of agriculture to the eu . 
  it is more effective for the uk to manage its own agriculture . 
  you are making an assumption that the uk would put tariffs on agriculture from the eu . 
  this is misguided . 
  5 . we wo n't lose access to the single market . 
  we wo n't be a member of the single market , but that does not mean we wo n't have access to the market . 
  we broadly know which services will work there already . 
  we should reduce tariffs , because protectionism is harmful . 
  subsidies make food prices more expensive because they distort the normal operation of the market , acting as a disincentive to innovation and competition . 
  no , those countries are not relevant to the point i am making because they have never considered being in the eu . 
  the uk , switzerland , iceland and norway are examples of countries where the populations have moved away from wanting to be in the eu . 
  that is why those countries are relevant . 
  no , there is no evidence whatsoever that the uk 's liberal democracy and open welcoming culture will be compromised by brexit . 
  yes , history is important . 
  no , nigeria is not relevant because it has never considered being in the eu . 
  switzerland and norway are relevant because they have considered the eu but now they do n't want to be in it . 
  this is like the uk . 
  they do n't all need to be renegotiated . 
  you are being a bit irrational here . 
  why would mexico want to interrupt trade with the uk ? 
  they will be grandfathered . 
  at a later stage , of course , the uk and mexico will want to deepen these agreements and improve them . 
  the uk is extremely open , what with having the global financial centre , huge soft power , giving 0.7 % of gdp in international aid etc. 
  by rejecting it i mean not being in the eu . 
  like the uk . 
  no - both norway and switzerland have considered being in the eu and now their populations are not so keen . 
  like the uk . 
  nigeria is not relevant , having never considered being in the eu . 
  the eu 's protectionist instincts is a good reason to leave . 
  you are being used as an example because you have chosen not to be in the eu . 
  that is like the uk . 
  of course the uk can be compared to those countries . 
  those countries have rejected the eu , just like the uk . 
  the uk will not introduce tariffs . 
  i am not trying to combat globalisation . 
  i am in favour of globalisation . 
  that is why i voted leave . 
  protectionism is a failed policy . 
  outside the eu , the uk can reduce protectionism . 
  i am very globalist . 
  i voted leave to end eu protectionism . 
  it is not deluded to point out that the uk will leave the single market . 
  please stop your insults . 
  you are in breach of the rules . 
  we have a general election in a few weeks in which the parties campaigning to leave the single market will win a majority of votes . 
  those countries want to replicate their arrangements with us . 
  of course they want to continue uninterrupted trade . 
  yes - this is my hope too . 
  as a matter of policy , there is no reason why people 's views wo n't entrench towards leave in the uk . 
  we have seen this kind of thing happen in switzerland , norway and iceland and we also know that people have moved in this direction in the uk . 
  we wo n't lose tariff free trade with the eu . 
  the eu has already confirmed it wants tariff free trade with the uk . 
  it is in the interests of both . 
  our government , which is just about to win an election on an overwhelming mandate , wants to leave the single market and the customs union . 
  hence `` we as a country '' . 
  i agree . 
  basically being in the eu is irrelevant . 
  what makes a country successful is being a market economy , and an open liberal democracy . 
  uk can do this outside the eu . 
  outside the eu we can also remove non tariff barriers to trade . 
  anti any peoples is of course wrong . 
  disagreeing with political constructs is fine . 
  the uk improved economically in the 80s because of thatcher . 
  provided we keep market focused economic polices , we will stay economically successful . 
  being in the eu is irrelevant to this . 
  mexico wants to keep free trade with the uk . 
  which bits do n't they like ? 
  no - the uk does not want to follow the turkish model . 
  turkey is in the customs union . 
  the uk wants to leave the customs union . 
  i completely agree , trade will continue both ways .
