  the question is , will the voters buy it ? 
  if the recovery continues , the tories are suddenly back in the game come 2015 . 
  i 'm a bit surprised that you are still in disagreement on this point . 
  it is possible to know make a fair comment , that a place has serious problems , without having very nuanced knowledge about the specific details about those problems . 
  if we restricted ourselves to only ever mentioning problems if we personally had skin in the game , it would be absurd . 
  i am sure you frequently mention a problem even when you do n't have skin in the game about that problem . 
  i 'm pretty sure that they are pretending . 
  if your problem was using a loaded expression like `` some random euro puppet in chief '' , it might have made more sense to call him out on that , then . 
  it still does n't make sense to try and call someone out about talking about poverty in athens on the basis that they are from italy . 
  a bad think for whom ? 
  for the eu or for turkey ? 
  it is possible to know that a place has serious problems even if you are not a local . 
  to believe otherwise strikes me as absurd . 
  for example , even if you are not a local to the philippines , it is possible to know that they face serious problems in connection with the typhoon . 
  this is fairly shabby behaviour by the greek government ... 
  yes , of course there is a level of detail that you wo n't understand easily if you are not local . 
  but he was n't going into that level of detail though , was he ? 
  he was simply indicating that there are serious problems there . 
  and that is a fair comment , even if you are not from there . 
  ok - england have just got italy in the same group in the world cup . 
  daniele86 and i are no longer friends , 
  i find the one on the south bank unbearable !, 
  the stuff they sell is junk . 
  i guess lots of others like to buy it though . 
  the one in hyde park is slightly better . 
  because you might know people who are from the athens periphery and they might have told you . 
  or you might have visited there . 
  or you might be following the situation closely in the press . 
  or you might engage with people from the athens periphery on reddit . 
  i 'm very against censorship ( other than a few data protection / privacy type examples ) . 
  it is a real shame that uk now has so many laws that restrict free expression . 
  i think he is from the south of italy . 
  anyway , i think even if you are not from the athens periphery you should be able to discuss the problems that they face ... 
  many thanks . 
  hating banks seems a fairly common thing on the internet ( though often for very confused reasons ) . 
  being against bailouts of banks is a view i agree with ( though i appreciate being libertarian to this extent puts me outside the political mainstream ) . 
  considering the american government a dictatorship is definitely conspiracy theorist territory . 
  i do n't think it is the austerity that is necessarily the problem in europe . 
  for example , in the uk we have had austerity ( though not as severe as most of europe ) and at the same time we have had a decrease in unemployment and an increase in employment . 
  i am pretty uniformed about this news source . 
  would you mind explaining why it is sh!t ? 
  i am really looking forward to the european elections . 
  this is a wonderful opportunity for the people of europe to let the eu know what we think and what changes we want to make . 
  as my irish grandmother says : `` vote early !, 
  vote often ! '', 
  how surprising that the eu did not add details of youth unemployment figures to that leaflet !, 
  the eu needs to get real and start fracking . 
  daniele - i think the political capital that has been invested in the continuation of the euro is much greater than the amount of pain that southern europeans are enduring . 
  the show must go on and poverty , mass emmigration , declining living standards , mass unemployment in southern europe does n't matter much to brussels . 
  they 're not traditional in the uk , but recently i see them for sale much more . 
  i never buy them though !, 
  i 'm going to have to disagree . 
  ultimately i trust the democratic process and trust the british people to make this important decision . 
  equally , i trust the scots in relation to the referendum on scottish independence . 
  i 'd be surprised if this law were enacted in the uk . 
  it is hard for me to comment about other countries . 
  ultimately i believe in the democratic process and the rule of law . 
  the free movement of people is something that you signed up to when you joined the eu . 
  where on earth did you grow up ? 
  many thanks for the response . 
  it is interesting that a party without substance can be so successful . 
  neutralgreek , how well do you think syriza will do in the euopean elections next year ? 
  at this point it seems like nobody is challenging austerity . 
  this is partly because angela is such a strong politician . 
  the only thing that could change the current direction of the eurozone is a very dramatic election result in one of the peripheral countries . 
  and i suppose that is still possible . 
  france is also implementing austerity though . 
  not as much as uk , spain , greece etc , but it is still implementing it . 
  a big difference between france and uk is that france is increasing taxes a lot , while the uk is lowering taxes slowly . 
  agreed , the article was very disappointing . 
  whenever people compare what is currently going on in europe with what was happening in the 1930s , it can sound ridiculous . 
  the times we are in now and the problems we face are so different . 
  that 's not to say that we do n't have problems though . 
  maybe we should let the citizens of europe vote on the agreement in a referendum across europe ? 
  that would be great for european democracy . 
  the british newspapers are also particularly sensationalist in their headlines too . 
  plus those headlines are in english . 
  and therefore likely to be linked here . 
  and likely to be about britiain . 
  also , i think reddit has a disproportionately high user-base in the uk . 
  we can have a democratic europe . 
  or we can have a european federation . 
  i do n't think we can ever have both . 
  i really do n't think the voters of europe will vote for a federation . 
  my own preference is a democratic europe . 
  i do n't think anyone is specifically defending prostitution . 
  i think even if you are uncomfortable with prostitution , you can be unhappy about this legislation on the basis that it wo n't eliminate prostitution but will make life less safe for prostitutes . 
  separately , as a liberal , i find it hard to argue that prostitution should be illegal . 
  if x wants to sell sex and y wants to buy it , and both x and y enter this contract freely , why should the state intervene ? 
  is it time to make a lot of reforms to the eu ? 
  clearly , yes . 
  the levels of unemployment and low growth across much of europe are a tragedy . 
  in the us there are far more prosecutions for white collar crime by individuals than in the eu . 
  if it should be a crime , then parliaments should enact legislation making it a cime . 
  until then , nobody should be jailed for it . 
  we 're discussing it a lot . 
  it is regularly in the news and on current affairs programmes etc. 
  come the new year the discussions will intensify . 
  the debate is already happening . 
  the debate is necessary because the referendum will happen next year .
