  the trouble is , the negotiations are going to be very difficult because you and i both think what he is asking for is unreasonable and neither of us would accept it . 
  but you think he is asking for too much and i think he is asking for too little . 
  if the negotiations were left to just you and me , we would definitely not have a deal as we have no shared ground at all !, 
  we will see if renegotiation does occur : it is n't certain . 
  the difference is that i do n't think you will be asked to vote on the outcome , while i think i will be . 
  i know you think he is asking for a lot , but the view among a lot of brits is that he is asking for too little . 
  for me personally he is not asking for enough and i suspect that even if he got everything he asked for , i would still vote against it . 
  obviously , if the negotiations were left to you and me , we would not reach a deal . 
   it 'll depend on uk and probably how we would manage the economic crisis i suspect . 
  if things become better here ( rising living standard etc ) i suspect people might become more federal-eu-friendly . 
  i do n't see this happening . 
  [ here is data on uk opinion polling on joining the euro . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_and_the_euro ) the figures move in just one direction . 
  however , they started going downwards in 2003 , well before the crisis hit . 
  i think public opinion might only change if the eurozone suddenly started doing much better than the uk economically . 
  this is n't currently looking likely . 
   i 'm not sure cameron will leave it because as he underlines it , he do n't want to loose the veto or say in eu leadership . 
  i would n't be sure about this . 
  also , it might not be about cameron as he wo n't always be leader of the conservative party of prime minister . 
  cameron 's actions are the consequence of euscepticism in the uk , not the cause . 
  euscepticism in the uk is n't going away . 
  in the conservative party , cameron is considered to be too euphille . 
  at some stage the uk will have a referendum on eu membership and currently that is looking very close . 
  if cameron does not get his renegotiation , then persuading the sceptic uk public to stay in the eu becomes harder . 
  given that you do n't seem to want to renegotiate ( which i think is fine as a political position ) then i think you also need to accept that you are making a brexit more likely . 
  you 're never going to have the uk in the euro , as a full federal member . 
   loss of access to the market and therefore the same for uk we both benefit from trade , whether or not we are in the eu . 
  in my mind we can work out something mutually beneficial on trade . 
   cut eu money to eastern eu country they do n't like i find this a bit odd . 
  the uk 's net contributions to the eu budget over the last decade or so have been roughly the same as france 's . 
  what did you mean ? 
  i think the good news is that you and i can probably be united in a hope that the uk leaves the eu . 
  once the uk is gone , it will be a lot easier for you to create your european dream . 
   i 'm quite convinced a brexit will create a snowball effect which will be impossible to stop , and the only region having something to lose is eastern europe . 
  i see that your countryman , / u/cbr777 , thinks the opposite of you . 
  so i suppose opinions are very divided on this point !, 
  it is possible that if the uk leaves the eu then the eu might change dramatically `` pour encourager les autres '' and it is uncertain in what direction that change will take . 
  there could be a move towards federalism , but there could also be a move towards flexibility . 
   i just hope i wo n't have to learn russian and be forced to hang portraits of fat oligarchs in my house any time soon , as irrational this fear might seem now . 
  if you had to learn russian i personally would regard that as a total disaster for uk foreign policy . 
  ensuring that nowhere within eastern europe falls within the russian sphere of influence is of paramount importance . 
  i found your response full of random bullshit like `` us oligarchs '' and `` foaming tea party '' and `` us fanatics '' and `` british empire '' and `` russian launded billions '' and `` the thatcher privatizations that destroyed the economy '' and `` russian propaganda '' somewhat hysterical and removed from the real world . 
  i 'm not sure if you and i are on the same planet actually , so perhaps best if we call this conversation off . 
   well , you know what they say : sleep with dogs , wake up with fleas ... 
  in the case of ukip and order and justice it is kind of case of sleeping with dogs , hoping that the dog does n't bark or bite ( espically in the uk newspapers ) and ideally get hold of funding from the eu tax-payer ... risks and rewards ... 
   well , the logo of the lithuanians of order and justice looks awkwardly familiar ... 
  i do n't know very much about them to be honest ... for a brit , any political party that is named `` order and justice '' raises some eyebrows , but who knows what has been lost in translation . 
  they want lithuania to stay in the eu , so are kind of totally in a different place from ukip . 
  pure marriage of convenience in my mind . 
   and if the european leaders said they would n't spend a thing you 'd say that the uk should better sit that one out because the eu has no visions and does n't want risking anything and has therefore no future . 
  i 'm not really sure how it would be possible to sit out of doing nothing ...  how about you propose actual reforms beyond `` cut all the health care and pensions and remove any eu powers over uk and do as we and we only say no negotiations ever '' . 
  [ this is the uk 's proposed reform package . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/jan/23/david-cameron-eu-speech-referendum ), 
  get that stuff out of my country please !!, 
  that 's the wurst joke i 've ever seen ... 
   and the ecr is n't far right by any stretch either . 
  personally i do n't think it makes sense to call the efdd far right . 
   why do n't you think a brexit would create a precedent for every other nation to keep using the `` will leave '' card on each whim that crosses their minds . 
  i was n't describing my own view , i was describing what i thought was the majority view of this sub . 
  maybe i have misreprsented that view . 
  personally i think that the uk is in a slightly different position partly because uk public opinion is different from the rest of the eu and partly because there is a strong belief within the uk that we actually could leave . 
  when the uk talks about leaving the eu it is therefore not just an idle threat , it is a potential reality . 
  i do n't think there is any other eu country in remotely the same position and i do n't see that changing when we leave . 
  but let me know if you think i 'm wrong . 
   well , that 's what debt is for , and if we had the eurobond , that might be achievable . 
  yes , it might be achieveable . 
  it might be the case that the euroarea is happy to issue bonds which each euroarea country is liable for . 
  currently i do n't know if germany would agree this politically or if the german constitutional court would allow it legally . 
  however , ultimately it is n't really any of my business as i am assuming that the uk will not participate in eurobonds . 
   a democratic eu should n't bribe or threat the uk to stop them from leaving , but i very well believe there will be huge efforts to prevent it . 
  by `` bribe '' i was meaning a renegotiation which results in giving the uk more opt-outs , allow powers to flow back from the eu to the uk and also allow the uk not to be part of the `` ever closer union '' aim of the eu - i.e. 
  confirm our status as an exceptional special snowflake for ever . 
  i personally would still vote against this compromise , but i would much prefer this to the current situation and it might be that the rest of the uk would accept it . 
  however , i am not sure if this is something you would accept ( and i am not sure if this is really going to be politically acceptable to the rest of the eu ) . 
   in all seriousness , we need to protect democratic values and transparency above all else . 
  if people in the uk vote for an exit , i think the eu is done for . 
  really ? 
  the conventional view on this sub is that if the uk votes for an exit ( which i hope happens ) that the rest of the eu can continue , and move further towards federalism ( given that the uk is the main obstacle towards federalism ) . 
  your view worries me , because if it is widely held it indicates that the eu will do virtually any kind of bribe or threat to stop a brexit . 
   people will vote the way they intend in the general election regardless of what cameron does against europe simply because there are a hundred and one national issues to discuss on the table during a general election before we even get to mention europe . 
  for me , pretty much the only thing i will be thinking about when i cast my vote will be eu membership and i know there are other people thinking along similar lines . 
  what cameron ( and farage and miliband ) do and say about the eu is thus of crucial importance . 
  the potential eu referendum is likely to be a significant part of the uk general election debate ( along with other things like the economy ) . 
   you know , it 's an investment . 
  is there any place that i can read about the details of the plan ? 
  if it is `` investment '' in the traditional sense , i.e. 
  market participants can choose freely whether or not to invest , without the tax-payer ( who can not choose ) being on the hook , then i am all for this proposal . 
  if i have to partipate in this whether or not i want to , then it really is n't an investment for me ( and stops me being able to invest in the things i actually want to invest in ) . 
   all that remains to justify such a course would be a gain in conservative voters . 
  but that is frankly a few years too late . 
  those conservative voters already made their intention clear that they wish to vote ukip next time round as support for ukip skyrocketed from 3 % to 15 % . 
  the vote already shifted . 
  and there is no getting it back simply because of one fact : the conservative party is functionally unable to suddenly make a real stand against the eu because the blow back from the conservative party suddenly making such a stand is far greater in severity than simply maintaining the status quo . 
  lots of ukip voters in the eu election might not stick with ukip at the general election . 
  i 'm one such example . 
  the more stands that cameron makes against europe , the more likely i am to go back to voting conservative at the general election ( as it starts to become the best means of getting a brexit ) . 
   and efd snatched up so many . 
  efdd only just made it at the eleventh hour ... 
  there are chances that the efdd collapses at any moment . 
  the ecr is looking fairly strong and robust though .
