  but of course , both poets are geniuses !, 
  shakespeare said it best : `` this royal throne of kings , this sceptred isle this earth of majesty , this seat of mars , this other eden , demi-paradise , this fortress built by nature for herself against infection and the hand of war , this happy breed of men , this little world , this precious stone set in the silver sea , which serves it in the office of a wall or as a moat defensive to a house , against the envy of less happier lands , [ ** this blessed plot , this earth , this realm , this england . 
   2200000 unemployed and looking for work . 
  not all these people are looking for work . 
  also , the number of vacancies is going up all the time . 
  the more people that fill the current vacancies , the more other jobs will be created . 
  certainly , at the moment if you are happy to move and take a job that might not necessarily be your ideal job , it is incredibly easy to find work at the moment . 
  thousands of people move across europe to the uk and find jobs within a week even speaking very little english . 
  you just need to want to work . 
   we have 7 % unemployed . 
  when coffee shops advertise for staff in some places they get over 1000 applicants . 
  where have you been ? 
  [ take a look at uk 's employment data ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/largest-quarterly-rise-in-employment-since-records-began ) . 
  there are record numbers of employed people in the uk . 
  the number of unfilled vacancies continues to rise . 
  it is very easy to get a job in the uk right now , provided that you want to work . 
  i am certainly not advocating socialist ideas of full employment , because in no nation has that ever succeeded . 
  honest question : if you do n't like being in the uk , why did you come ? 
  why did n't you decide to go somewhere that the conditions might have been more to your liking ? 
   it 's more like 18yr olds stacking shelves and not being paid for it ( otherwise they starve ) . 
  if people do n't want to be on workfare , [ they can get a job ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/eures/main.jsp?acro=job&amp;catid=482 ) . 
  in britain there are better job prospects than the rest of the eu , which is why we have so much immigration . 
   i think that 's an eu rule ? 
  i suspect it was created because germany , france , the uk ( well mostly germany ) were worried about sharing a currency with countries like italy , spain and greece which have always had high debts and high rates of inflation to go with them . 
  germany does not like high inflation . 
  the uk does n't share a currency with countries like italy , spain and greece . 
  the uk did not sign the fiscal compact so is not bound by the eu rule on debt : gdp ratio etc. 
  the government reduced corporation tax which has increased foreign investment in the uk , meant that companies are happier to hire new people etc. 
  this is one of the reasons why unemployment has stayed low in the uk . 
  uk 's long-term post ww2 average growth rate is approximately 2 percent . 
  thus , 1.9 percent should not really be something to celebrate . 
  however , given the various problems that continental europe has , 1.9 percent is a relatively good outcome . 
  of course spending is growing - the deficit was massive a few years back . 
  the deficit is being reduced though . 
  unfortunately libertarian sentiments get very downvoted on this sub . 
   so the influx of migrants are driving down wages not the fact that the employers do n't respect the law . 
  solid logic matthew pollard . 
  reading the article , it sounds like matthew pollard is blaming those employers who do n't follow the law , rather than blaming immigrants . 
  he is quoted as saying : `` this footage is terrible . 
  it 's unfair to decent employers who pay a proper wage and it 's unfair to the migrant workers who are clearly being exploited . 
  `` but also it 's unfair to londoners . 
  how can londoners compete when wages have been driven down this low ? '', 
  any source ? 
  not saying you 're wrong , i just want the source . 
   i do n't see why this ca n't be done without turkey joining the eu . 
  i agree . 
  ( this is really where the uk want to be as well . 
  maximum possible trade with the eu . 
  i think it would be a good outcome for turkey and the eu . ), 
   i 've always hoped the eu would strive for deeper integration , and increasing its size is working directly against that . 
  one solution would be to have the eu work at different speeds ( just like we did for the euro ) , but that would increase its complexity so much that any positive effect would probably be lost . 
  personally i think integration should move at the speed that suits nations and peoples . 
  different nations and different peoples want different levels of integration . 
  i do n't think complexity is ideal , but to the extent that complexity represents the will of the people , then it is necessary . 
  it is a pretty important distinction . 
  yes , they tend to `` lean right '' , which is what you might expect from a centre-right party . 
  but in what respects would you call them `` far right '' ? 
  yes : for the while the policy has been a successful one . 
  the markets do believe that draghi will do `` what it takes '' and this has been one of the reasons why the markets have been happy to invest in spanish and italian debt . 
  the jury is still out though . 
  it is possible that the crisis flares up again at some stage this year . 
  we will see . 
  it 's a real shame . 
  my advice to unemployed italians is to come to london and look for a job ( even in a sector which is not their specialisation ) . 
  there are a lot of jobs being created in london at the moment . 
  i agree that they wo n't ever join as there are too many current member states ( france in particular ) who would veto their accession . 
  it is a slight shame , from the eu 's perspective that they wo n't join . 
  turkey is a dynamic and growing economy and it would be good for both the eu and turkey to remove all trade barriers . 
  turkey is already looking elsewhere and is negotiating free trade agreements with , for example , china . 
   the far right wing of the tory party wanting to leave the eu does not mean you are far right . 
  do you know what far right means ? 
   while i would very much hope that uk would join the euro i think he is saying exactly that . 
  a very poor policy by hsbc . 
  hopefully the customers involved move to other banks . 
  what bloom said was hardly racist , but it was offensive and unparliamentary . 
  however , it is hypocritical of schulz to complain about this as he is also happy to use [ equally offensive and unparliamentary language too ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=z40eqflvya0 ) . 
  this is n't just some random cypriot . 
  he is a nobel laureate . 
  that 's why it is newsworthy . 
  he has n't changed his opinions at the behest of the telegraph . 
  you can read his views at any number of other sources . 
  born in cyprus , to a cypriot family , spent childhood in cyprus , could only speak little english when he first moved to britain to study . 
  currently has dual nationality , but is culturally cypriot and self-defines as cypriot and speaks english with a cypriot accent . 
  he 's hardly part of some british plot against the euro . 
  he was initially pro the euro but later , seeing it in action and in particular the consequences for cyprus , is now against it . 
  the telegraph are simply reporting his comments . 
  pretty much the entire article is reporting statements made by a cypriot . 
  i agree with you , in every country in the world , some people have better access to the law . 
  ( as a lawyer myself i very aware of my own privileged position ! ), 
  however , this was not the point that / u/ajaume was making . 
  if you read his/her earlier comments , s/he was implying that the uk is somehow unique in the way our laws protect powerful people and that tony blair was only not put in trial in the uk because he had been able to influence laws . 
  ( a read through / u/ajaume 's comment history might enlighten you as to his/her opinions of the uk generally ) . 
  i think on this basis you probably agree withe rather than / u/ajaume . 
  which uk crime has he committed ? 
  the fact that he might have committed a crime in another jurisdiction is not relevant to the uk police . 
  they obviously do n't have the power to arrest him for things which are n't crimes in the uk . 
  so you agree that in the uk laws are written for the `` ruling class '' ? 
  what do you mean by ruling class here ? 
  citation needed . 
  `` lol '' probably is not enough of an argument for me though perhaps it satisfies you .
