  a lot of people , despite evidence that the euro makes no sense , are still desperate to support it . 
  this is partly because the aim is primarily political and they do n't care if it does not succeed in economic terms . 
  and also because of sunk costs . 
  it takes many years for people to learn from experiments and if the experiment does not get the right result , they can remain in denial . 
  * [ we have no eternal allies , and we have no perpetual enemies . 
  our interests are eternal and perpetual , and those interests it is our duty to follow . 
  ] ( https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/henry_temple,_3rd_viscount_palmerston ) * in the long run the french will be grateful to us for brexit . 
  we 're not expecting any thanks though . 
   i 'm not allowed to hope that somehow we do n't enact that monumentally stupid decision ? 
  if denial is your way of coping , fair play to you . 
   i 'm hopeful we do n't leave . 
  did you somehow not notice that leave won the referendum ? 
   it 's amazing the amount mental acrobatics that go into pretending that the single market exists independently of the eu . 
  agreed . 
  this is why it is crucial that the uk leaves the single market . 
   i 'm angry that the uk voted to leave , but i 'm not having anything close to an existential crisis . 
  you as an individual might not be having an existential crisis , but for the eu , brexit is existential . 
  the eu was meant to be irreversible . 
  it turns out it is n't . 
  countries can leave . 
  when the uk succeeds outside the eu , the existential crisis will get worse for the eu . 
  people will increasingly wonder what the eu is for . 
   when you reneg on an ally , people get pissed . 
  how is that surprising ? 
  it happened when france told the us : hey bad idea to go to iraq . 
  do n't do it . 
  uk is still allied to france . 
  you do n't need to be in the eu to be allied . 
   actually , i 'd be very surprised if a majority even among the supporters , in the uk just as in the rest of the eu , understood what the single market is . 
  i completely agree . 
  this is partly because it is a somewhat vague concept inherently and also because it is hard to find a good definition even in the underlying treaties . 
  it is also because at its heart the single market is not really just an economic project , but also a political project . 
  this is why british politicians who have claimed that the eu and the single market are primarily about trade over the years have either been ignorant or dishonest . 
  the single market is a political project . 
  it is also a mistake to think of the single market distinctly from the customs union or distinctly from economic and monetary union because in terms of their underlying political objectives and in terms of how they work they are very much linked . 
  you only need to read the [ delors report ] ( http://aei.pitt.edu/1007/1/monetary_delors.pdf ) to see how the creators of the single market saw economic and monetary union to be a natural and necessary consequence of a true single market and then also saw far deeper harmonisation of single market norms as necessary for the emu to work . 
  it is crazy , when we look back on history , to think that the uk really thought it could be half in and half out of this project . 
  it is even more crazy , after the referendum , that some of our politicians are still pretending that it makes sense to be half in . 
  look at the current debate around capital markets union . 
  the eurozone thinks this a project to support the goals of economic and monetary union . 
  they also want a new capital markets union regulator . 
  the uk euphiles are pretending to themselves that capital markets union is just about trade and will give the uk a better ability to sell things that it is a market leader in . 
  the uk obviously does not want a new capital markets regulator , but for the uk to regulate capital markets within the uk . 
  they are on a collision course and the uk will lose ( i.e there is no way the uk can stop this even inside the eu or eea or wherever ) . 
  in the end either you are fully in or fully out . 
  perhaps one day our politicians will realise this . 
   the impression i got was that a large part of them just did n't understand what the single market is . 
  a lot of people do not understand what the single market is . 
  however , a lot of significant brexiteers do understand what the single market is . 
  i understand what the single market is and still voted to leave . 
  the comment you are replying to is a serious one . 
  euphiles are really angry that the uk voted to leave the eu , because it has caused them an existential crisis . 
  it is not surprising that they are reacting in this way , anger and downvoting are part of the grieving process . 
   some prominent leavers such as , and correct me if i 'm wrong , dan hannan preferred the soft-brexit approach ? 
  hannan said that he preferred being in the eea to being in the eu , but that he did not think that eea was the right deal for the uk . 
  i agree with him on this . 
  given a choice between eea and eu i prefer eea ( just like the vast majority of norwegians ) , but personally i do n't think it is ideal . 
  why are these downsides from the eu perspective ? 
  is it seen as a downside by the eu that norway can control its own agriculture and fishing and do trade deals ? 
  i do n't see that as a downside . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , it is not going to stop other banks accessing the uk 's market . 
  whether we call that right passporting or we use a different word i do n't care . 
   again passporting is only possible from one eea state to another eea state . 
  you might not be in the eea which means no passporting . 
  inwards or outwards . 
  passporting is simply a mechanism whereby a foreign bank is able to do business in another jurisdiction . 
  the uk , outside the single market , can choose which foreign jurisdictions it lets passport into the uk . 
  the eu can not control this . 
  no - paul ryan , congress speaker . 
   after your trade relationship with the eu has been established which might take a long time . 
  not many will risk investing if they do not know your relationship with the eu . 
  i think many are betting on you staying in the single market . 
  there are already global banks doing business in london . 
  the us wants a trade agreement with us . 
   you wo n't be in the eea which means no passporting . 
  i am talking about letting the rest of the world passport into the uk . 
  this is the uk 's decision . 
   did the government lay out any specific plan upon which you base your predictions , apart from `` brexit = brexit '' , and sweetheart deals for nissan & co. ? 
  other than planning on reducing corporate taxation to 17 % , and transposing the existing corpus of eu law into uk law , there have so far been no concrete plans . 
  but i am confident . 
   france will have a enormous advantage over you though if they are just as competitive . 
  they 'll be in the single market whilst you might not be . 
  it does n't quite work like that . 
  uk , being outside the single market , will be able to deregulate faster . 
  uk will also be able to be more open to global finance and allow inwards passporting . 
  france will not be able to allow inwards passporting . 
   he wants to rid you of passporting rights whilst making french laws more attractive . 
  he is basically aiming to take money out of london to paris . 
  i want him to deregulate , and make france more competitive . 
  i believe in competition and free markets . 
  we will all gain . 
  i also want a hard brexit , so it is all good . 
  not sure how is going to force article 50 as soon as possible . 
  uk government plans to trigger it by end of march . 
  he wo n't be president by then . 
  but any help he can give will be welcome . 
   a fiscal union would mean countries like germany or other northern countries paying lots of money to italy like if we were some failed african state italy is not a failed state , but since italy joined the euro it has hardly grown in terms of gdp and has had consistently high unemployment . 
  prior to joining the euro , italy had a good economy . 
   i 'm pretty sure that do n't be anymore a net giver would be a good start . 
  this would certainly make more sense .
