  the value of a currency in relation to other currencies is not the only relevant factor . 
  a currency depreciation is more complex than that . 
   since you in fact have a massive trade deficit ( # 125 bn ) , this will come to hurt you . 
  if you think that the u.k. ' s trade deficit is too high ( and i do ) then you will welcome the devaluation which will help reduce the deficit . 
  the vast majority of british people like foreigners . 
  i voted leave and i love foreigners :-), 
  the same way that every other country distinguishes temporary tourists from long-term immigrants . 
  i do n't understand the concern . 
  given that leave got more than 17 million votes , the number of votes that ukip got suddenly seems relatively few . 
  not that we can ignore 13 % of the electorate , simply that euscepticism goes way beyond ukip . 
  i do n't think there is anyone in the uk that wants less tourism ... 
  he was not helpful during the campaign . 
  he almost caused us to lose it . 
   so brexit is going to bring more eu citizens and foreigners to the country ? 
  we do n't know how the uk is going to regulate immigration in the future and this will depend primarily on the kinds of governments we elect . 
  that 's democracy for you , it is uncertain . 
  personally i voted to leave the eu and i am in favour of high immigration to the uk . 
  in terms of how political strategists viewed it , essentially yes . 
  a vote in land 's end has the same value as a vote in john o'groats . 
   what an incredible over simplification , so we ca n't get upset when the inevitable price increases happen for everyday things like food ? 
  price rises are not inevitable for every day things . 
  when it comes to food prices have been in real terms going down for years . 
  assuming that the uk leaves the customs union and puts no tariffs on food , prices of food in the uk will go down considerably ( as they will reflect global food prices ) . 
   i 'd say it says more about fptp than anything else . 
  sort of . 
  but a referendum is like a fptp election , except there are just two sides . 
  the winner takes it all . 
  the fact that farage could not win a seat in a fptp election in a seat he cherry-picked , had huge implications for whether or not vote leave should use him in the referendum . 
  put simply , a majority of the british public do not like farage . 
   i 'm not an economist but is n't the fact our money is now worth so much less in other countries a crisis ? 
  money only has value where it can be used . 
  pounds ca n't be used in other countries . 
  the value of the pound has gone down compared to other countries , but that of itself is not a crisis . 
  the key economic indicators that are relevant are things like unemployment , growth and inflation . 
  all of these are healthy in the uk . 
  yes and so did ukip . 
  ultimately this incident demonstrated that farage as a person repels more people than he attracts . 
  this was why vote leave side-lined him , knowing that he would cause the referendum to be lost if he had a key role in it . 
   extremity is relative . 
  i do n't agree with this . 
   ukip is n't a fascists party but somenof their opinions to europeans are questionable . 
  which opinions ? 
   do n't the party have to follow the party line and vote as a group ? 
  the tory party are known as being extremely rebellious . 
  the last government had many many rebellions . 
  the government will of course try and make them vote to follow the government , but there will always be rebellions . 
   the british tory platform is now as extreme as ukip . 
  ukip itself is not extreme . 
   they used to be a liberal-conservative free market party with cameron . 
  now they are a big protectionist state party that wants to name and shame foreigners , this what i mean by outsize influence . 
  the tory party is hundreds of years old and has always been a broad church . 
  as someone who is a free-marketer and an economic liberal , i do not approve of the government 's statements about requiring companies to disclose the number of non-uk nationals working there as is represents a burden on business . 
  but this is not a policy of naming and shaming foreigners . 
  while may is not really very much of a free market person ( it seems ) , be aware that that strand of the conservative party is still there and they will be aggressively holding the government to account . 
  this is one of the many welcome outcomes of brexit - it has forced eu politicians to reflect on what they want with the eu . 
  this debate ( which is only just beginning ) is going to be incredibly healthy for the european continent . 
  it is great that politicians such as valls have a vision , but unless the common people of europe can vote on that vision , they might as well build a castle with no foundations . 
  let 's hope there are more referendums . 
  ukip were very influential in getting the referendum and from that perspective they can be seen as an incredibly effective pressure group . 
  ukip were not very influential in winning the referendum and personally i think that if ukip had not campaigned during the referendum the margin of victory of leave would have been greater . 
  the future is uncertain , but that is inherent in a democracy . 
  those that tell you that history is some kind of pre-determined process are misguided . 
  those that tell you that history is finished are also misguided . 
  but uncertainty in a democracy is not something to be frightened of : debating our future is welcome and necessary and represents an opportunity as well as a challenge . 
   so like cold war one sided pacifists , it seem this coalition was only a russian influence group all along , not caring about the war but on putin 's order . 
  of course . 
  this is an extreme anti-western group . 
  they do n't really care about war . 
  they just hate the west . 
  this is why we ca n't get too upset about the value of the pound . 
  the advantage of a floating currency is that it is a self-correcting and shock-absorbing mechanism . 
  if the uk had tried to defend the value of the pound to some artificial level , we would now be facing crisis . 
  as it is i am reminded of the last time the pound collapsed and the subsequent economic boom . 
   it 's like trying to walk with a corpse tied to your waist . 
  this was what it felt like for the uk , except the eu was the corpse . 
  this is why we can all be pleased about brexit . 
  you 're welcome, 
  and , crucially , not in any position of power ... 
   we know that the eu does not lead a country to economic success . 
  i think this is more a problem of comprehension rather than logic . 
  we know that greece is in the eu and we know that greece is not succeeding economically . 
  therefore being in the eu is no guarantee of economic success . 
  countries can be in the eu and screw up . 
   google ecb financial stability review or even bank of england financial stability report and there will be a lot of material there about cross-border exposures in retail loans . 
  i 'm afraid the data simply does not agree with you . 
  fewer than 3 % of european consumers purchase banking products such as credit cards , current accounts and mortgages from another member state . 
  when it comes to consumer credit , europeans buy only 5 % of their loans from abroad . 
  the whole world was worried about greece primarily because the greek state might have defaulted on its sovereign debt and that debt was held by banks across the world . 
  sovereign debt is not retail debt . 
  the problem was not a problem of non-greek banks having exposure to retail consumers in greece . 
   cross-border banking has risen so much that the ecb has had to set up a pan-euro area banking supervisory mechanism because of it !, 
  the cross-border banking supervisory mechanism applies to the eurozone . 
  it does not apply to the eu as a whole . 
  it is also nothing to with lending to retail consumers . 
  the main reason it was set up was not because of cross-border banking ( which , naturally , takes place across the entire globe ) but to break the so-called `` doom loop '' between banks and sovereigns in the eurozone . 
   what do you mean by infrastructure ? 
  [ financial infrastructure ] ( http://www.ifc.org/wps/wcm/connect/industry_ext_content/ifc_external_corporate_site/industries/financial+markets/financial+infrastructure/ ) is london 's advantage . 
  things like telecoms and airports are things that everywhere has . 
   regulatory framework is going to be so generous that it would offset the loss in access to 500mn customers !, 
  there are n't 500m consumers in the eu .
