  as an employer , i hire lots of people who are n't from the eu , because their skill match exactly what i need . 
  think about how many non-eu people there are working in the eu and the uk !, 
  you just need to make sure your skills are right . 
  believe me on this . 
  think of all the brits who have found work outside the eu , in australia , canada and the usa !, 
  you do n't need to be in a political union to be able to work overseas . 
  i vote ukip because it makes a brexit more likely . 
  that 's the only reason . 
  voting green or conservative does not make a brexit more likely in the same way as a ukip vote . 
  but those people obviously do know that the usa is the centre of the english-speaking world , which is exactly why they would seek to exclude it !, 
  unfortunately the distribution of peoples and cultures is not in neat and symmetrical and equal pieces . 
  in the eu there are dominant peoples and cultures , in the uk there are , in the ussr there were . 
  that of itself is not a reason not to have collaboration between peoples . 
  it just means you have to be careful with the arrangements you make . 
  i 'm a ukip voter and very pro immigration and think that the uk should leave the eu asap . 
  i 've worked extensively overseas - just make sure you have the right skills / languages and you can work anywhere . 
  these people do n't exist . 
  fans of the anglosphere know that the usa is the centre of the english speaking world and are cool with that . 
  but the word `` satellite '' is a bit odd . 
  why would the uk be more of a usa satellite than it is now if it left the eu ? 
  all opinion polls indicate that ukip does best with c1 , c2 and d social classes . 
   it was n't all drugs , though . 
  yes , some of those athletes also did have phenomenal work ethics and huge cultural pressure too . 
  i 'm convinced some of them would have been great even off drugs . 
  i saw a documentary about the gdr women track and field athletes once : it was terribly sad for them , some of them took so many drugs that their bodies were forever altered . 
  and it is also sad for the athletes they beat [ and the records that will now never be broken . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=od4outxvtru ) but that kind of thing also happened on the other side of the iron curtain too . 
  as someone who follows track and field it is sad that some of these records will never ever be broken . 
  look at marita koch !, 
  the cold war has ended , but in someways the olympics stay very political . 
  look at beijing and sochi and the statements those olympics make about china and russia . 
  or look at the london olympics , which was also in some respects a relentless marketing exercise by the uk ... 
   tiny , overpriced flat tiny and overpriced ? 
  that 's something some of us are very familiar with !, 
   i just do n't want to become trapped in this country because nigel has an issue with foreigners and has managed to whip up the `` middle class xenophobe '' demographic . 
  ukip voters are less likely to be middle-class than the voters of any other party . 
  ukip 's key constituency psephologically is working class . 
   i have the strange feeling lately that we share more with the british than the germans . 
  yeah , i have noticed this from my french friends , it seems that attitudes are changing . 
  however , i do n't think it a question of you suddenly liking us more - after all , we 've not changed , we 're still every bit as annoying as we always have been . 
  it just seems that you like the germans a bit less than you thought !, 
  hahaha !, 
  i know , it does seem like we take a long time to say goodbye !, 
  i just read the council update on the financial transaction tax . 
  it is basically dead . 
  the participating member states ca n't seem to agree on basic fundamental aspects to this tax . 
  this is a great result for london . 
  not only that this tax ( which in its original form would have been hugely harmful to the city of london ) is dead , but also that london did n't have to kill it . 
  actually , there is a debate on financial transactions tax and bankers bonuses . 
  google it !, 
  and , of course , london would be hugely more impacted than paris or frankfurt . 
  the finance industry in paris and frankfurt is hugely smaller than london . 
  they are not in the same league . 
   i graduated from oxford personally last year sorry to hear about that . 
  ;-)  and when looking for a job i saw plenty of articles that the average graduate income had dropped by 11 % in the last 5 years . 
  i 'm not sure when you started looking for work , but the job market has changed considerably over the last 12 months . 
  i 'm not sure which sector you are in , but in my sector there have been salary rises and many hires over the last 12 months . 
  i do n't agree that middle-class jobs are stagnating , just picking up in the relatively recent past . 
  while there has been more hires in low-paid jobs , this is inevitable after a long recession . 
  creating any kind of job is far better than not creating jobs . 
  wages rises tend not to happen when their is slack in the economy . 
   the question is if they left the eu how many of those created jobs would be lost ? 
  several banks amongst which hsbc have already announced that if the uk were to leave the eu they would move their hq from london to either dublin or frankfurt . 
  i work in the city . 
  i am hugely relaxed about the job market . 
  london is n't just a european financial centre , it is a global financial centre . 
  i 'd prefer the uk to still have access to european markets , but not at any price . 
  if the price is things like london having to be subject to burdensome eu regulation ( bankers bonuses , financial transactions tax etc ) i 'd say no thanks . 
   and i dont seem to remember stephen harper going to any private schools , let alone eaton and even joining the bullingdon club . 
  nor did margaret thatcher . 
  political ideology is not determined by which school you go to ( fortunately ) . 
   `` australia and canada are the most receptive to immigration among western nations '' . 
  and in this respect , and in their attitudes to ethnic minorites and so forth , australia and canada are very like their anglosphere cousin , the uk . 
   that chart says that just italy and germany alone have created 1 million jobs look again at the italian figures . 
  look and weep . 
   besides those figures do not take into account how many of the jobs created were ones which had been previously lost , and weather those jobs are part time minimum wage jobs or jobs on which a middle class can be re-created . 
  those figures do n't . 
  however , looking at the uk 's jobs data it seems that there are more people working in the uk than ever before in uk history . 
  it also shows that they are mostly not part-time . 
  there is a question about wages , you are right about that . 
  but i expect wages will be going up over the next 12 months , in time for the election . 
  there are now labour shortages in some areas . 
   what was life like during the cold war ? 
  either in `` western '' europe or the soviet bloc ? 
  i was a young child in the 1980s . 
  the reality of daily life was that the warsaw pact and the iron curtain seemed very far away from us . 
  i remember in around 1983 asking my father about communism and the warsaw pact and the iron curtain . 
  i remember him saying that the iron curtain would fall in my life-time , but probably not in his . 
  it is funny to think that the iron curtain did not last the 80s - when it fell it fell surprisingly quickly . 
  i also remember that in my final year of junior school in 1989 that my teacher asked us to collect newspaper articles about the fall of communism in each warsaw pact country . 
  politics in the uk in the 1980s ( not that i remember much of it ) was much more ideological than it is now . 
  i also remember watching the seoul olympics on tv and being strongly aware of the part that sport played in the cold war . 
  i even remember watching the usa v ussr 4x400 women 's relay . 
  everyone was on drugs then , in the ussr communism gave them you , in the usa capitalism gave them to you . 
   the political scene in canada is much more liberal and progressive than this country and its piss poor excuses for political parties . 
  [ the current prime minister of canada is a strong anglophile and is a centre-right conservative of similar ilk to cameron ... ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/danielhannan/100086096/stephen-harper-rises-to-lead-the-anglosphere/ )  canada has an amazing human rights record , it is utterly incomparable to our disgusting human rights record . 
  i agree that canada has a good human rights record , but it comes from the same liberal human rights tradition as the uk . 
   except it wont , because canada is a progressive liberal nation and the uk is a regressive isolationist xenophobic nationalistic shit hole . 
  in what actual way is canada more progressive and liberal than the uk ? 
  in what way is it less isolationist than the uk ?
