   they have no income , no housing and live in tents . 
  it 's not safe for anyone hence why they send them home . 
  i thought france was relaxed about people with no income , no housing and living in tents in france ? 
  people have been doing this in calais for years . 
  here in the uk we now have a whole new vocabulary to do with the referendum . 
  people that want a brexit are called brexiteers , or sometimes beleavers . 
  then there is bremain and the bremainers . 
  then those with expertise on the subject are called brexperts ... 
   the suggestion here seems to be strengthening the nordic passport union and perhaps pulling it free of schengen again , returning to something closer to what was before schengen was enacted . 
  makes sense . 
  uk and ireland have a good working passport free travel area entirely outside the eu treaties . 
  our particular geography and history require it . 
  no reason why scandinavia should n't do this too . 
  really , that is a matter of opinion . 
  there is no single way of creating a democracy and the range of systems round the democratic globe reflects that . 
  different countries have very different parliamentary , legal and constitutional arrangements reflecting different histories and cultures . 
  i do n't really get your one either . 
  i 'm opposed to it . 
  my sense is that most people are . 
  i 'm very unimpressed that gould should breach convention in this way and share publicly the private views of qe2 . 
  however , it is interesting to note that qe2 is exactly where the majority of brits are . 
  italy is actually improving slowly but surely . 
  i was cheering for you guys today ... 
  french electoral system with the two rounds has a similar outcome to british system . 
   `` the uk does n't seem to realize there are 57 million people living outside of london . '', 
  the question for the rest of the uk is whether we want to host one of the only really global cities in the world or whether we do n't . 
  personally i think the entire uk ( and i am someone who grew up outside london and have family all over the uk ) benefits from london . 
  london is not some kind of place with a wall around it . 
  the definition of global is being able to attract people from around the whole world . 
  obviously , this does raise questions about how we balance london 's relationship with the rest of the uk , but i think this is something we are capable of doing using our normal democratic institutions . 
   thanks for the tip that it 's the french hollande , i might have confused him with the bulgarian hollande !, 
  not the dutch hollande ? 
   not sure those 3 examples are that great since new york has access to the massive us market , hong kong to china and singapore to asean . 
  if anything they 're counter-examples to your point . 
  london also has access to new york , china and asean . 
  finance is global . 
  capital can move across borders with the click of a mouse . 
  trying to stop capital moving is as foolish as trying to stop information moving . 
  the eu wo n't be the world 's largest single market when we leave . 
  the rest of the world is a much larger market than the eu is . 
  finance is global and the uk is uniquely placed to take advantage of global finance . 
  being in the eu holds the city of london back . 
  no : the city of london is a global place . 
  we want to be the world 's financial centre . 
  our competition is new york , hong kong and singapore . 
  outside the eu is our best chance of success . 
  to the extent that the remain campaign is seen as complacent and taking victory for granted , this is good for the leave campaign . 
   i do believe it became one back again since tony blair left power . 
  no , it was a democracy with the rule of law also when blair was pm . 
   and france does n't bitch constantly about immigrants coming from it 's neighbors . 
  if france is happy for illegal immigrants to be in france ( as seems to be the case ) then that surprises me , but it is n't a reason for the uk to let illegal immigrants come to the uk . 
   some people get elected to do one thing and then do the contrary ( frequent ) - some people have no credible alternative thatcher got elected , then re-elected then re-elected . 
  it seems like people liked what she did . 
   https://www.google.com/search?q=europe+tax+evasion+in+london sorry , you ca n't just google `` europe tax evasion in london '' and act like you have evidence . 
   it 's why i 'd love so much to see the uk cooperate in tax fraud [ much more helpfully , the uk is leading the g20 's initiatives on anti avoidance and tax co-operation . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/uk-leads-international-efforts-to-clampdown-on-tax-avoidance )  but we ca n't just walk in in ireland or the uk or luxembourg & act without the local gov 's agreement to at least some degree . 
  you 've not shown what you want the uk government to do even . 
   groans no , i 'm just saying it 's where they got their habits from the uk is a democracy with the rule of law . 
  most british people do n't think it is acceptable to attack the police . 
  attacking the police is not acceptable in the uk and we should not make excuses for it . 
   errrrh.well . 
  different philosophy & point of view in life i guess ?!? 
  it 's always easier to say that when you 're on the rich side of things . 
  france is also a rich country , just like the uk . 
   who , for decades , did absolutely what the fuck they want and where bribed to do , and elections where a joke . 
  i mean , you really think the workers population in the uk elected tatcher to send the army against them , seize their wages & homes and arrest every union personnal on sight ? 
  british people elected thatcher three times partly because she focused on home ownership . 
  that was pretty much her most popular policy . 
  you 're sounding like a conspiracy theorist if you think that people did n't elect thatcher . 
   when people ca n't get legally heard by the legal alleys , they make themselves heard in the streets . 
  the anarchists are just representatives of a generation unheard . 
  people can vote and use the law , in france as in the uk . 
  these migrants are in france for goodness sake !, 
  france is not a warzone . 
  nobody needs to escape france as a refugee . 
   but it 's kindah annoying when they all hide their assets , stolen money and life in london and the english wo n't cooperate is n't it ? 
  who from france is hiding their money in the uk out of interest ? 
  any links ? 
  if france wants to make it illegal for people to take assets and capital out of france , then that is a job for the french government and legislature . 
  i personally am happy for them to do it , but note that the eu wo n't be . 
   actually it does , their guts tell them to help the migrants and they see the cops as authority oppressing them ( which under other less good circumstances could have been ) ( as to why they dislike cops ? 
  well , remember that post 09/11 police state that tried to export itself in the uk and europe accross the atlantic , well obviously you have never been on the wrong side of it ) so you 're saying because the uk is a police state , it is understandable for british anarchists to go to france and attack the french police ? 
  ooooookay . 
   they 're not here to undermine justice , their main goal was helping the migrants ( #noborders ) . 
  something which , to be fully honest , i still somewhat sympathise with ( despite politics & reality saying i should n't ) because hey that 's how things should have been in an ideal world not totally dark & screwed . 
  just walking across borders is undermining justice . 
  there are legal ways of coming to the uk and illegal ways . 
  the law is decided by elected politicians answerable to electorate , not arnarchists who throw stones . 
   i 'd rather the justice focus on the few big animals that screwed our system that much , divided living standard massively in a few of generation for some more money toward their pockets & the two speed justice that importated itself from a certain country where billionaires and people connected are above the law . 
  french justice is capable of doing more than one thing at once . 
  if big animals have broken the law in france , then of course they should be prosecuted too . 
   like , you never saw a punk or anarchist throw stones to the cops while yelling `` fuck the police '' . 
  the fact that it happens is not something i am denying . 
  however , travelling abroad to undermine a different country 's justice system is in my view even more serious than trying to undermine your own . 
  perhaps you do n't care that british anarchists are in france breaking french law ? 
   i think they 're petty `` criminals '' and the affair is vastly overblown to justify a lot of social issues in the uk and blame us for them instead of trying to address them . 
  if french activists came to the uk and encouraged illegal immigrants in the uk to attack british police i would be pretty annoyed and expect our justice system to intervene . 
  the fact that there are social issues in the uk is a separate question . 
  obviously they should be addressed , but it does n't really have anything to do with anarchists in calais ... 
  presumably you also want the french justice system to ensure that people are n't breaking french law ?
