  however , obviously if scotland elect in the scottish elections a party that has a manifesto commitment for another referendum , westminster would negotiate with them on that basis . 
  it is not clear to me that any scottish party is going to have such a manifesto commitment . 
   that 's not what i was asking , i mean if scotland is the only home nation to vote in favour of the eu , but because of the population difference , it 'll be completely ignored . 
  what then ? 
  that 's hardly fair on a few million people , which is n't something westminster ca n't just sweep away . 
  yes , but it is also not fair on the majority population who want to leave the eu to be bound by the minority . 
  if you think it is unfair for scotland to be dragged out of the eu by england , wales and northern ireland , than it is also unfair for scotland to force england , wales and northern ireland to stay in the eu . 
  and you 're not being ignored . 
  you get to vote . 
  ultimately the best way to resolve this would be for scotland to have a further vote on independence , if joining the eu and having the euro is what scottish people want to do , then they can do that . 
   right , and when scotland votes to stay in , but everywhere else votes out ? 
  what then ? 
  if you do n't want to be part of the uk , then you should vote for a political party that has a manifesto commitment to having a referendum on independence . 
  as an independent nation , you would be free to apply to join the eu , have the euro etc. 
   how else will you show westminster actually gives a damn about scotland , by taking into consideration it 's views by giving everyone in scotland a vote . 
   and to think that we may not be part of it really depresses and scares me , i dislike the isolationist view that seems to be growing by the hour . 
  leaving the eu is not , of itself , isolationist . 
  there is no reason why the uk , post brexit , would continue to be what it currently is , a mid-ranking player on the world stage , fully committed to participating in the global community of free , democratic and liberal countries , being an active member of nato , having a permanent seat on the unsc , having huge soft power and cultural influence around the globe , having high levels of immigration and emigration , international trade etc etc. 
   i meant scotland as a whole country , not specifically those polled in scotland . 
  this polling indicates that 33 % of scots , as a whole country , would vote to leave the eu . 
  that is what polls do . 
  they are meant to be a representative sample of the whole country . 
   during the eu elections only 10 % of the population that voted in scotland were for ukip and this polling shows that there are many eusceptic scots who did not vote for ukip , just as there are eusceptic english who did not vote for ukip . 
   oh no , people who vote to leave the eu in scotland are just as much wank-shafts as anywhere else . 
  do n't you think it would be better to have a debate without insulting people who have a different opinion from you ? 
   yeah about 10 % of the population in scotland are euroskeptic according to this poll , 33 % of scots would vote to leave the eu . 
   but all we get beamed to our tv screens is about how badly southerners dislike the eu . 
  then your tv screens are not looking at data properly . 
  as mentioned , the polling does not indicate that people in the south of england dislike the eu more than the midlands , northern england or wales . 
   i 'd rather not tar everyone with the same brush , that 's just where this eu decision is going to be made . 
  and yet you seem to be happy to tar everyone in southern england with the same brush by calling them `` wank-shafts '' . 
  as i have pointed out to you , this seems odd given that everyone in the uk will get a vote in the referendum . 
  and from this polling it does not appear that southern england is the part of the uk that is most in favour of a brexit . 
  under your logic , it seems that someone in southern england is a wankshaft , even if they vote to stay in the eu . 
  whereas presumably you think that someone in scotland is not a wankshaft even if they vote to leave the eu . 
   i genuinely have no problem with the english , i have a lot of english friends , but c'mon you guys are seriously being retarded with this anti-eu stance because of immigration . 
  if your problem is with people who have an anti-eu stance because of immigration , it seems very odd simply to insult english people with this stance , but for some reason not to insult the 40 % of scottish people who , according to this poll , think that immigration has had a negative impact on britain ( note that 34 % of scots said that it had a positive impact ) . 
  london was the only part of the uk in which more people think that immigration has a positive impact than a negative impact . 
   i do n't think it is symbolic . 
  agreed . 
  had this passed into law , miliband 's hand would have been forced much more than it now will be . 
  however , i expect that europe will still figure quite significantly within the campaign , given that it will be an area where there is a major policy difference between the conservatives and labour . 
  this poll indicates that there is still everything to play for . 
  in terms of the shift in the last week , the most likely reason for any shift is the new eu bill for # 1.7 billion , though it is possible that other immigration-related stories that have been in the news ( mayor of calais comments ... ) have also caused the shift . 
  as always with polls , it is worth waiting to see if this poll represents a temporary blip or a permanent trend . 
   direct your anti-uk comments to the wank-shafts in southern england the poll indicates that southern england is more proeu than northern england , midlands and wales . 
  presumably when you write `` wank-shafts '' you mean to include everyone in the uk who wants to leave the eu , including those people in northern england , the midlands , wales and scotland ? 
  or do you for some reason reserve a special hatred for people in southern england ? 
  we 'll put you down as a `` maybe '' . 
  credentials for being allowed in the debates : - conservatives ( largest share of the vote in the last general election , lead party in coaltion , party of current prime minister ) - labour ( main opposition party , second largest share of the vote in the last general election ) - liberal democrats ( third largest share of the vote in the last general election , second party within government ) - ukip ( largest share of the vote in the european elections ) - greens ( got more support than the lib dems in an opinion poll once ) one of these is not like the others ... 
   that is why we wanted to be in the ue in the first place , we never really got any money , our absorbtion rate is pathetic , we wanted someone to bullly our goverment into governing . 
  i always struggle with this . 
  in the uk we think our government already governs and thus we do n't like the idea of someone bullying our government into governing . 
  it seems unecessary and less democratic . 
  however , if the eu were able to succeed in making a country like romania have a more efficient court process in terms of insolvency and contractual disputes , that would obviously be a good thing . 
  but if this is something that romania is not able to do by itself , then i also view this as a failure of your national democracy and your national structures . 
  i think that there are inherent difficulties in any supranational structure that includes national democracies that are not able to govern effectively . 
   the eu needs to refocus it 's efforts on conversion , solidarity and respect for our divergent views . 
  reconciling efforts on coversion with respect for divergent views is a somewhat fine balancing act , which the eu has yet to master . 
   greece did not cause the meltdown , the eu and the ideologists allowed a weak and structurally unstable greece , ireland and spain to be vulnerable . 
  i 'm not a greece-blamer , though it seems that the majority opinion here is to blame greece etc. 
  ultimately the responsibility for the eurozone crisis comes from the architects of the eurozone . 
  it was the ultimate belief in ideology at the expense of pragmatism and realism . 
   and the sad part is , the ideologist still control the parliament , more integration trumps addressing individual national issues . 
  this is not surprising , though it is sad . 
  the european integration project is ultimately an ideological project not a pragmatic project . 
  ideologues in the europe are here to stay . 
   does not imply any sacrifice from the developed members does it require the developed members to make any changes at all ? 
  would it leave the development members free to make further changes in the future ? 
  actually , i think the efficiency of courts and a variety of related socio-cultural factors , like behaviour of courts , cost of lawyers , predictability of courts ( as well as related rules of civil procedure ) is a significant factor here . 
  i do n't think effective administration of justice is an easy thing for a society to create overnight as it depends on cultural factors as well as rules . 
  however , overall i do agree with you : there is a lot more that could be done in some parts of europe here and that would be very welcome . 
   i 'm not really advocating for a unified system , more of a enforcement of principles . 
  in your proposed system of enforced principles , would countries in north west europe which are quick at insolvency and resolving contractual disputes need to make any changes at all ? 
  would the uk for example be able to make changes in the future to its own system to make things even quicker ? 
  in my mind it is somewhat hard to put in place european legislation / systems in this area which only impact eastern and southern europe , without also impacting north west europe . 
  and very efficient courts , rules on civil procedure etc. 
   now this is an area where a unified continental policy would really help the easterners and southerners catch up to the west organically with literally no cost to the west whatsoever . 
  there is no european law of contract ( and given fundamental differences between the common law and the civil law , there is really no chance of there ever being one ) and there is no european law relating to procedure for enforcing contract . 
  european law in relation to insolvency is in its infancy . 
  for the quicker jurisdictions in north west europe , there is a huge risk in putting in place a unified policy as there is a risk that that that unified policy would not be as quick . 
  personally i think that easterners and southerners should be able to put in place better regimes in their own jurisdictions . 
  i do n't know why they do n't do that . 
  employment is growing in almost all of the world . 
  there is not a total number of jobs in the world . 
  in before someone complains about the term `` eastern europe '' and wants `` cee '' instead ... ;-), 
   it 's also the one with the best quality of life and human development . 
  yes , but this is not going to sustain with the current model . 
  you need to be realistic and pragmatic . 
  what is the point of france having best quality of life when there are no more jobs ? 
  if there really was such high quality of life , refugees would n't be in calais trying to get out of france ? 
   second , the principle is that the borders are controlled at the schengen zone border , not between countries . 
  you do n't blame oxfordshire when an illegal crosses from london to oxford . 
  we just saw further than xenophobia and applied the same logic with our eu partners . 
  it works the same . 
  the uk decided to stay out of schengen for pragmatic reasons . 
  the uk knew that some countries in europe would not control the borders well and that the immigrants would end up in the uk . 
  it is nothing to do with xenophobia , it is just being pragmatic and sensible . 
   so basically , many migrants are stopped at the schengen border . 
  some pass , because that 's more difficult to control than a couple ferries a day ( but you seem to ignore anything that 's unlike your loved island , so i guess you ca n't understand ) .
