  but the idea has proved controversial in germany , where citizens fear that they would end up paying for bank failures elsewhere . 
  the german paper makes clear that berlin 's priority is first to create a regime that would weaken the rights of investors in government bonds so that they shoulder the burden of restructuring the debt of over-indebted sovereigns , rather than taxpayers . 
  it also wants to make it easier for authorities to force losses on failing banks ' creditors . 
  `` to now start a discussion on further mutualisation of bank risks through a common deposit insurance or a european deposit reinsurance scheme is unacceptable , '' the paper says . 
  steps such as ensuring that banks have big enough buffers of capital and debt to absorb financial shocks , and that authorities can force losses on creditors without facing litigation , should `` have priority '' , it says . 
  the stance is a direct riposte to jean-claude juncker , the commission president , who this week reiterated his determination to move ahead quickly on a common system for deposit insurance . 
  `` a more common deposit guarantee system is urgently needed and the commission will present a legislative proposal on the first steps towards this before the end of the year , '' mr juncker told the european parliament on wednesday in his annual `` state of-the union '' address . 
  paris also supports such a system , which it views as a form of eurozone solidarity to offset the tough austerity measures that berlin and other hawks have demanded from bailout countries . 
  the german paper is likely to draw particular interest from hedge funds and other private sectors investors with its call for a `` sovereign debt restructuring procedure '' , which berlin suggests may be needed `` to complete the financial architecture of the euro '' . 
  it would force holders of sovereign bonds to accept an automatic extension of maturities whenever a financially distressed eurozone member seeks help from the european stability mechanism bailout fund . 
  it also suggests a further streamlining of the collective action clauses now included in eurozone government bonds to make it easier to force hedge funds and other creditors to accept debt restructurings . 
  another area where the germans would like the eu to act quickly is forcing banks to hold more capital to cope with potential losses on their holdings of sovereign debt . 
  according to the paper , the eu should scrap its policy of waiting for an international agreement on this and go ahead itself . 
  steps should also be taken to tighten capital rules , it says , notably by restricting how banks account for so-called deferred-tax assets, 
  the uk , denmark , norway and ireland all are part of single market but do n't have refugee quotas . 
  switzerland will be in the same position . 
  democracy is not childish . 
  the costs and benefits of the swiss people taking migrants will be felt by swiss people . 
  therefore true democratic structures of the swiss people should make that decision , not outside powers . 
  as a brit who has been eusceptic for years , i can only say `` welcome on board '' . 
  the eu is not structured to be democratic . 
  this will inevitably lead to poor outcomes . 
  we should n't be surprised by what is happening . 
  you did n't read what the op said . 
  he just said that it should n't be the orders of the european commission that makes them do this . 
  is your opinion that this is not a question for normal swiss democratic processes ? 
  that seems odd to me , to want to circumvent swiss democracy . 
  not really . 
  swiss people probably just believe that this is a question for their national democracy . 
  quite right too . 
  thank the good lord that the uk is an island ... 
  it has always been this mental . 
  us british euscepics have known this for a long time . 
  we are not surprised . 
   why would you even want schengen at this point exactly . 
  in the uk it would be politically impossible to want to be in schengen . 
  why would you want to lose the ability to control your borders ? 
  this is insanity . 
  goldman sachs did n't break a law . 
  the ratings agencies have been subject to massive regulatory change post global financial crisis . 
  as for us not wanting greece to leave the euro , who cares ? 
  bela who ? 
  this part of the world has not yet been chartered or explored . 
  the correct position in my view . 
  we should not incentivise hostage taking . 
   we should get back to a monarchy , maybe we can get a pu with the uk ... why do n't you just join the commonwealth ? 
  or you can simply have qe2 as head of state without the pu bit , like canada does ... 
   it 's interesting on a french viewpoint , since there is no religious exception in the law in france ( afaik ) . 
  yes , i agree , this is a classic difference between the uk and france . 
  you have to remember that in the uk the head of state is also the head of the church and their is no constitutional concept of the state and the church being separate . 
  we also have bishops in our legislature . 
  the attitude towards secularism in the uk and france are very different . 
   well , why ca n't the other countries unwilling to accept imposed quotas do the same ? 
  the eu does n't work like that . 
  once the eu aquires a power , it never relinquishes that power . 
  there have been no examples of eu countries getting back a competence from the eu . 
  the doctrine of acquis means that new eu countries must adopt the entire body of eu law ( almost none of it is negotiable , the negotiable parts only negotiable as to timing but not as to substance ) . 
  this is why it is crucial for the uk not to transfer any more power to brussles and why it was necessary for the uk to obtain the opt outs that it thankfully has . 
  this is incredibly interesting , though not really surprising . 
  i have a couple of questions for swedes : - if sd are at 26.5 % , why has there not emerged some media support of them ? 
  i would have thought that this constituency must be big enough for some media support . 
  - which parties are losing most to sd ? 
  at what stage do they start having to accommodate their policies to meet the views of sd voters ? 
  - are there any circles in which it is culturally acceptable to admit to voting sd ? 
  in the uk for example , if you are a middle class wealthy professional person like me it is not culturally acceptable to admit to voting ukip . 
  however , in some social classes in the uk it is acceptable . 
  while the outcome of a brexit is uncertain , so it the outcome of staying in the eu . 
  the eu is not static , it is changing and will have to change dramatically further in the coming years to cope with challenges hitting the eurozone and the schengenzone . 
  thus there is no vote for the status quo , both votes involve risks . 
  the eu structures are geared towards federalism . 
  you say there is room for different speeds , but many british people do n't want to integrate at a slower speed . 
  they do n't want to integrate further with the eu full stop . 
  they want to move in the other direction and repatriate powers . 
  there is no room in the eu for that . 
  i 'm not jumping to conclusions about how brits will vote , these things are hard to predict . 
  also , you wo n't lose anything by us leaving . 
  the things you like about the uk will remain . 
  germany and the uk will remain close allies and trading partners . 
   circumstances have changed , evaluate them and then decide . 
  current circumstances make british membership of the eu less relevant now than in the past in my view . 
  ( also , you will be much better off without us as you can the proceed fullspeed ahead with federalising without us holding things up . 
  us leaving is better for everyone involved . ), 
   it 's not our fault honest , we were n't told it was the beginnings of a federal experiment and now that we know that it is a federal experiment , we can leave . 
  now seems like a good time to leave actually . 
  i know a few sikhs that are n't sufficiently religious to wear the turban etc. 
  though i agree , if they wear the turban that is pretty obvious ... 
  liz is likely immortal . 
  mutti will eventually return to her own planet and at that stage liz can be german chancellor in her spare time . 
   i 've only ever heard good things about sikhs here . 
  have never actually met one though . 
  the thing about sikhs is that they do n't tell you they are sikhs , so you often meet them without really realising . 
  the easiest way to work it out is by the name . 
  sikhs have quite distinctive names and almost all sikh girls have the middle name `` kaur '' and almost all sikh boys have the middle name `` singh '' . 
  first names of sikhs tend to end in the sound `` jit '' or `` dip '' , like randip or ajit . 
  i agree with the other people that have mentioned that sikhs have integrated into british culture very well indeed . 
  wow , that sounds cool . 
  on reflection it might have made sense for the uk and france to do that ... 
  in my mind it is clearly sarcasm . 
   of course not entirely , but outside powers played a quite negative role , too . 
  ( e.g.
