  it 's almost like the people in northern ireland could vote on it ( and then , perhaps ireland ) ... [ this is already the case . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good_friday_agreement ) the majority of people in the uk and ireland support the provisions of the good friday agreement . 
  hopefully corbyn does not want to upset this delicate balance . 
   the man actually has some political ideas , a vision . 
  yes , he does have a vision . 
  not one that most people in the uk share though . 
   but of course only people with surface and no substance ( i.e. 
  ed milliband eating picture ) get anywhere in british politics . 
  the definition of an unhealthy democracy . 
  i guess it sucks to have a free press / s, 
  thanks for the response !, 
  is this likely to have implications in relation to the policies of other austrian parties ? 
  ( in the uk when ukip first started to get a lot of votes in local elections , in may 2013 , the other parties started immediately changing their policies , so i am curious to know if austria will work in the same way or a different way . ), 
  looks like fpo 's share of the vote doubled . 
  any austrian or other knowledgeable person able to comment on this ? 
  is it a surprise ? 
  what are the implications on terms of other regions etc ? 
   why would they go to romania ? 
  they still have to go through hungary or take a very very long detour and pass through a country that 's at war ( ukraine ) . 
  i guess they can also try and go via bosnia . 
  however , bosnians on this sub indicate that they think that is unlikely because of the bears and the mines and the chaotic bosnian infrastructure . 
  i do n't know whether or not this is true , myself . 
   i 've wrote before here about how the left is actually quite racist in reality i actually met a far-left corbynista yesterday at a social function . 
  we had a somewhat interesting discussion ( i told him that i had voted ukip recently ) . 
  he tried to argue the case that certain minorities ( he mentioned in particular muslims and black people ) had specific interests and therefore political parties should have specific policies towards them . 
  in my mind the idea that particular ethnic or religious minories ( or indeed any minorities ) have specific interests is a particularly insidious belief of the left . 
  it implies that people are primarily determined by characteristics that they can not choose instead of their individuality . 
  it implies that there are some inherent differences between different ethnicities or sexualities and so forth , whereas in relation to almost every policy area of government , the interests of individuals are unconnected to their `` identity '' but instead are connected to their individualism . 
  by promoting some minorities over others it also encourages separation and promotes cultural clashes rather than reducing them . 
   i 'm originally egyptian and i have been called all these multiple times for criticizing european immigraiton policies . 
  this must be a continual headfuck for the `` identity politics '' types so frequently seen on the left . 
  romania : are you ready ? 
  i hope your government is getting ready . 
  serbia will send the buses to your borders next . 
  presumably you can just bus the migrants back to hungary , for maximum trolling ? 
  honestly , rule britannia would be a lot better than dirge that is god save the queen . 
  also , the funny thing about last night of the proms is that although it is meant to be a celebration of the uk , it seems to attract a global audience ... 
  the vast majority of international law states that if you leave spain , you will not benefit from the treaties . 
  do n't be sad though : you can be a great country that is n't in the eu . 
  the eu is n't really in the spirit of the eu anymore after the quota vote and the sovereign debt crisis . 
  italy did n't respond ? 
  lol, 
   first of all , would it be in the interests of the new independent govenment/politicians to merge the country with one much larger ? 
  trust the democratic process . 
  if people want to merge with spain again , then they can vote for politicians that want this . 
  after all , it seems that plenty of peoples have voted to join the eu , which is on the way to becoming a federation . 
  what , really , is the difference ? 
  this is simply about where power and sovereignty should lie . 
  for that decision nothing is permanent and nothing is sacred and the people should be able to choose . 
   but why would anybody say that he supports the united kingdom independence party when he in fact doesnt want to become independent ? 
  i agree it does n't really make sense . 
  but , remember , sometimes people lie to opinion pollsters ( see the last uk general election ) . 
  also , perhaps some people support other policies of ukip but not pulling out of the eu . 
  or they do n't know what ukip 's policies are . 
  actually opinion polls have consistently showed that 2-4 % of ukippers will vote to remain in the eu . 
  ( that 's the electorate for you . ), 
  when did this poll get published ? 
  the fieldwork seems to be 17/18 sept. 
  normally yougov do n't wait that long before publishing , but i do n't think i have seen this one before ... 
  why do people think this is irreversible ? 
  if they change their mind and want to go back and rspain wants them back , then the democratic process can reverse the decision . 
   being in a situation where there is no turning back . 
  there is turning back . 
  i see what you are saying , but there are good analogies and there are not good analogies . 
  under the criminal law , someone is not convicted until the prosecution can make the cace `` beyond reasonable doubt '' . 
  under the civil law ( for example contract and tort ) , the two parties are considered to be equals . 
  neither side has a higher burden of proof . 
  the judge makes a decision on `` the balance of probabilities '' . 
  when it comes to something like indpendence ( in which there is a moral equivalence between two positions ) i do n't think one side should be advantaged by having to obtain a higher threshold . 
   in a sense it 's similar to the point we make that it 's better to leave a guilty man free that put an innocent behind bars . 
  train being that we consider the later to be a bigger mistake . 
  i do n't agree with the analogy . 
  there is a presumption of innocence . 
  there is no general presumption of the political status quo in my mind . 
   we can , that 's what the eu is for . 
  we have the strongest economy in the world , i think we 've accomplished something here . 
  which is most important to you , eu membership or independence from spain ? 
  you might not be able to have both . 
  it might come down to a choice . 
   i do n't like the idea of a mere majority requirement for matters that involve changing the status quo in a ( quasi ) non reversible manner . 
  the status quo is not inherently superior to anything else . 
  unionism is not inherently superior to independence . 
  the two sides are morally equal . 
  just as it would be wrong for a minority of independentists to impose their will on a majority of unionists , the converse is also true . 
   as for facing problems . 
  sure , but timing is important . 
  the democratic process should be suspended as seldom as possible . 
  the inconenience of eurocrats is not a reason to suspend the democratic process . 
   is n't breaking away from spain running away from the problem ? 
  i guess i do n't see either catalan independence or catalonia staying with spain as a problem . 
  i think both of these outcomes could be very good ones . 
  the problem in my mind is denying catalans the opportunity to make a decision if they want to make a decision . 
   a majority is too small of a requirement for me . 
  it should be more than that . 
  a majority of mps does not make sense to me . 
  however , a majority of voters does make sense . 
  at least , in relation to the scottish referendum , this was the deal and i think it was a fair one . 
   introducing further potential destabilisation in the eu at this point , quite frankly to me is irresponsible . 
  you ca n't run away from your problems . 
  you have to face them !,
