   i meant motorcycle , sorry . 
  personally i would n't wear a motorcycle helmet in a shop out of politeness . 
  however , if i worked in a shop i would distinguish motorcycle helmets from niqabs , on the basis that the motivation for wearing them is very different . 
   that is why it is uncomfortable to see a person with a full-face veil . 
  i do n't feel uncomfortable about it though . 
  i am actually a bit surprised that other people do feel uncomfortable about it . 
  also , i still think that this lack of comfort does not trump the right of an individual to wear what they want . 
   i was pretty sure it was universal ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  i have regularly gone into shops with a bicycle helmet on ... 
   how is ` the law ' able to pursue people that wear a disguise whenever they leave their homes ? 
  the ` law ' does not generally need to pursue people wearing niqabs , does it ? 
  we do n't live in a police state wear the law needs to pursue people generally . 
  people should only be pursued if there is a reasonable suspicion of a crime . 
  is there any evidence that niqab wearers who are causing crimes are evading justice because of what they are wearing ? 
  show me that evidence !, 
   we should all be equal before the law - if a subculture within society mandates the wearing of masks/disguises in public , it makes a mockery of this . 
  i 'm not sure if you know what equality before the law means . 
  we can all cover our faces in public . 
  that is equality before the law . 
   you 're not allowed to wear a bike helmet inside a shop . 
  really ? 
  does n't it just depend on the policy of the individual shop ? 
   certainly shops , businesses and anywhere off the street should expect people to take masks off , for the very same reason . 
  it 'd make a mockery of shoplifting laws if it 's accepted you can walk in with a costume covering yourself up completely . 
  i would allow individual shops to decide . 
  i 've been to many shops wear customers wear niqabs . 
  if those shops want that business , fair play to them . 
   please tell me how you would be able to pursue someone if it 's acceptable to wear disguses in public places ? 
  in the street ? 
  i have no wish to pursue people generally . 
  the law should only pursue people where there is a reasonable suspicion of a crime . 
  is there any evidence that this has n't happened because of niqabs ? 
   that 's just as subjective as `` general dislike of niqabs '' . 
  what is `` public decency '' after all ? 
  i agree that the basis for legislation relating to nudity and the niqab is subjective . 
  however , that does not mean that a distinction ca n't be made . 
  my starting point is that individuals should be able to wear what they want other than in quite exceptional circumstances . 
  exposure of genitals in places where people would not expect to see them in my mind is quite exceptional as it can be sexually offensive and agressive . 
  wearing a niqab is not sexually offensive . 
   makes people in europe very uncomfortable why do you feel uncomfortable ? 
  i am cool with it . 
  anyway , making people `` uncomfortable '' is not , of itself , a sufficient basis for enacting legislation . 
  the right of an individual to wear what they want is more important than your right not to feel uncomfortable . 
  i feel uncomfortable when i see people wearing arsenal football shirts . 
  but this does n't mean it should be illegal to wear them . 
   walking naked is looked down up ( and hence not allowed ) because it makes other people uncomfortable it is actually more than uncomfortable . 
  public decency is much stronger than that . 
   to show their faces for the public good but the right of the individual to wear what they want is also a public good and in my mind a more important one . 
   particularly when people have used burkhas to commit robberies in the uk . 
  have they ? 
  any citations ? 
   ensuring you can identify someone in public , is one of those . 
  really ? 
  there is no reason why individuals who are going about their lawful business should not need to be `` indentified '' other than in exceptional circumstances . 
   let people wear whatever they want , but walking around in public with a mask over your face is not fair on society . 
  have you ever lived in a society where people do this regularly ? 
  perhaps you personally are just not used to this ? 
  i lived for years in an area of east london where many people cover their face . 
  it really did not bother me . 
  ( it would bother me a lot more if , as a result of legislation requiring them not to cover their face in public , they decided never to leave their homes ... )  in western culture we place emphasis on face to face communication - it has value . 
  do we ? 
  personally i place greater value on the freedom of the individual . 
   why is it different ? 
  both are cultural norms . 
  it is true that they are both cultural norms , but in relation to nudity an argument can be made in relation to `` public decency '' . 
  i do n't think it is possible to make such an argument about the face veil . 
   ensuring your face is uncovered in public , is a core european cultural value . 
  it 's a powerfully negative/aggressive thing to hide your face in public . 
  i disagree with this . 
  in a liberal society individuals should be able to wear what they want . 
  the police and criminal justice system really should not be involved in the clothing choices made by individuals . 
  the polls have started swinging back to wanting out of the eu , probably because of the juncker stuff . 
  the uk 's opposition to the fiscal compact made no difference whatsoever to the `` necessary reforms '' . 
  i 'm not saying that the uk 's economy is perfect , but the key thing is that it is now growing fast and there are a lot of jobs . 
  it is in better shape than the eurozone 's right now . 
  which bit of the services single market causes swiss firms to base themselves in london ? 
  i do n't find more swiss firms to be based in london than dutch firms for example . 
   sooo ... we can invade belgium now ? 
  yes ? 
  no , because france would want a bit too . 
  and that would be annoying ... 
   power to get the best deal possible for the eu citizens , at the expense of the uk citizens . 
  free trade arrangements are not a zero-sum game . 
  both parties benefit , which is why an agreement is reached . 
  what expense to uk citizens are you thinking of ? 
   weather london would remain an attractive financial capital outside the eu is also questionable . 
  tell that to new york , hong kong and singapore . 
  the uk is a global financial centre for a variety of reasons , but very few of them are eu-related . 
   and the firms would have to establish themselves somewhere inside the eu like frankfurt anyway . 
  which firms ? 
  big banks like deutsche bank or bnp paribas are already established within the eu , but have their main offices in london . 
  they already have two centres in europe . 
   the industry organizations in the uk has been very clear that it would be a negative for them to be outside the eu . 
  industry organisations are mixed on this , in fact . 
   why are british yields rising , then ? 
  british sovereign yields were a safe-haven during the eurozone crisis . 
  now that that crisis has abated , safe-haven investors do n't need to be in gilts . 
  also , the uk 's economy and monetary policy is currently not aligned with the eurozones and is doing different things . 
  the uk is about to put up interest rates , whereas the eu has just turned them negative .
