  have an internal debate about it , vote on it and then either leave or negotiate reform like a normal member . 
  votes ca n't be used by politicians . 
  there is a secret ballot . 
  i will choose how i will vote , not a politician . 
  that is the beauty of the voting system : it is up to you what you do with it , not up to some elite . 
  i think it would be great if the other countries in the eu also considered what changes should be made and then checked with the voters . 
  more countries should do this , it would be good for the eu . 
   but the tories are in fact threatening with the uk to leave if the eu does n't implement changes wanted by the uk the tories do not make the decision . 
  the uk electorate make the decision - this is a referendum . 
  the tories can not control the way that the uk electorate vote . 
  the fact that the eu sees voters and referendums as threats illustrates just how out of touch and undemocratic the eu is . 
  the eu should welcome the voters voting on it . 
   then why is uk asking for additional perks ? 
  personally i will vote to leave whatever the outcome of the renegotiation as its scope is virtually meaningless . 
  however , you should note that none of the `` extra perks '' which are the subject of cameron 's renegotiation apply specifically to the uk . 
  in each case they apply to every single country in the eu . 
  though that was partly because ken was so bad and boris was so good . 
  zac and sadiq are much more evenly matched as individuals . 
  the boe and the ecb do of course act independently of each other . 
  currently boe base rate is 0.5 % . 
  this is different from the ecb base rate of 0.05 % . 
  fortunately the uk is not constrained to have the same rates as the ecb has . 
  in a globalised world , of course , all currencies are impacted by the actions of other players in this globalised world and economic conditions that change from time to time . 
  both the boe and the ecb are of course impacted by chinese conditions . 
   it 's rather concerning how transparent the tories are with threatening the rest of the eu with brexit . 
  it is n't a threat . 
  the rest of the eu will be able to move faster to full on federalism without the uk . 
  this is what they want . 
  by leaving we are helping them . 
  fortunately the uk is not schackled to the euro . 
  outside the euro , the pound can rise and fall natually correcting economic imbalances , the bank of england can use monetary policy ( i.e. 
  interest rates , quantitative easing ) specifically for the uk 's situation ( which is different from the situation of the eurozone ) and the bank of england can use monetary policy jointly for jobs , growth and inflation ( differently from the cbe which has a mandate that prioritises inflation over jobs and growth ) . 
   why is boris johnson not repeating as mayor ? 
  he has already done two terms and doing a further term would not benefit him further . 
  he is now an mp again and wants a cabinet position , from which he will have a greater national presence giving him arguably a greater chance to become the next prime minister . 
  london voted labour in the general election and it would be something of a surprise if labour did not therefore win the london mayoralty . 
  it is interesting that khan is very much distancing himself from corbyn . 
  this title is editorialised . 
  please , do n't do this !, 
  leave the actual title and make whatever point you want to make in the thread . 
   having the upcoming referendum labelled as ` bizarre ' annoys the shit out of me . 
  that 's the economist for you . 
  it is euphilic to the core . 
  it thinks it is bizarre to check what the voters think about any project that the euelite want . 
   and this is how eu will get torn apart - not over the inability of greece to pay back loans , not over britain being in or out ... but over if retarded central european countries can do whatever they want or not . 
  [ there was an interesting article related to this in the ft a few days ago . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/995a98c6-b0a1-11e5-b955-1a1d298b6250.html#axzz3weozg8lu ) tl ; dr , the eu now has a multiplicity of crises and the eu is now splitting along three major fault lines : ( i ) prosperous north versus indebted south ; ( ii ) socially liberal west versus socially illiberal east ; ( iii ) euphilic core versus eusceptic fringe . 
  it is hard to know which of these fault lines is the most severe . 
   the food . 
   i disagree . 
  the choice is perfectly democractic . 
  the national parliaments are not going to manage the resettlement themselves . 
  i think we went though this at the time when the law was enacted . 
  as you know , some eu governments voted against this and this was , of course , a terrible shame for their national democracies . 
  essentially it is taking away power from a nations ability to change legislation at the ballot box , one of our most treasured rights . 
  you are now saying , effectively , that not only must we ignore the fact that some nations voted against the law , that we must even take the implementation of that law away from them . 
  perhaps you think this will have good results ? 
  i am not sure about that . 
   plus it is not even a mechanism that would remain in place , so no souvereignity would be lost . 
  any examples of times when the eu has relinquished the acquis ? 
  power always goes from the nation to the eu , it never goes in the opposite direction . 
   given how highly the law experts in charge of putting the stuff the politicians think of into written law are payed , it really is a shame . 
  either they hired the wrong people or they simply ignored this obvious issue . 
  eu laws are of course paid very well , get exceptional benefits , pay low tax . 
  we should n't be surprised that poorly written laws are the outcome . 
  the eu legislative system invevitably leads to poorly written laws , sadly . 
   making closer alliances with our neighbors in collective interest for long term stability and prosperity does n't exactly seem to qualify as `` poor decision '' . 
  neither the eurozone or schengen has made france more prosperous or stable though . 
  the eurozone is very unstable . 
  france can not control its own budgets any more . 
  has the pound not worked for the uk ? 
  if the uk can manage with the pound , then france would do great with the franc . 
  i have a lot of respect for you guys . 
  you 're a great nation . 
  if fucking switzerland can have its won currency and be prosperous , why not france ?!, 
   you can argue that the number is pulled out of my ass , fair 's fair , but i 'll draw a comparison if you allow me using public numbers : what number are you saying that is connected with calais specifically though ? 
  surely you are not saying that is eur 6 bn ? 
   because the government carefully concealed any official numbers this is a shame for democracy . 
  [ reuters reports eur 10m . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-france-britain-migrants-idukkcn0qo2df20150820 )  some of them ca n't really be turned away because they are actual refugees and we 're the first country along the road ( libya  . 
  are you the first country along the road ? 
  surely they come via italy ? 
  i 'm not aware of anyone going directly from libya to france . 
   and patroling those a huge headhache . 
  then there are those coming illegally from italy , and now a large number of advanced fake paper in circulation because apparently smugglers found passeport making machines in turkey and use those to manufacture fake shengen-compliant passeports in large numbers and use mafia in eastern europe to get those nearly in system . 
  to me these are reasons for france to manage its borders better . 
  if people are entering france illegally and using fake schengen compliance passsports and using ee mafia , i would have thought that france would want to control its borders . 
   then you could argue `` well arrest everyone in calais '' . 
  so , do we start checking in the basement and underdecks of every single fishermen boat every week ? 
  the fishing boats are not really your responsibility ( although i am sure you do not want french shipping boards and french fishermen involved in smuggling ) , however , this is a tiny minority of the problem . 
  the british navy has experience with stopping people invading by sea . 
   they simply say ` war is bad , the nato is no force for good , we do not be part of it ' . 
  while i do not agree with that stance , it is at least not distorting realities of the near past . 
  the hard left in the uk have always said the same thing too . 
  livingstone has always said this too . 
  it just so happens the labour party has tended to ignore him in the past ... 
   accurate . 
  i guess its one of these eu-national state squabblings . 
  and it ends up being managed poorly by national states ( i know you will probably have a different opinion , but i would argue that this need a central place for organization given the number of states involved ) . 
  i do n't mind what other countries do .
