  you are not being required to open an islamic bank account if you do n't want to , just as you do n't have to eat halal meat or kosher meat if you do n't want to . 
  seriously , plurality and choice is a good thing . 
  lack of choice is a bad thing . 
  trust the market to come up with solutions to your needs . 
  this is progress . 
  people have more choice . 
  if you do n't want an islamic bank account , you do n't have to have one . 
  if you do want one , you can . 
  it is a question of islamic law here , rather than a question of being `` wrong '' . 
  the banks are n't responsible for the contents of islamic law . 
  they are simply structuring transactions and bank accounts that comply with islamic law , based on the opinions of islamic lawyers . 
  nobody is required to open an islamic bank account if they do n't want to . 
  if you do , you can be pretty sure that your money is going to be used as collateral . 
  but this is the case whether you use an islamic bank account with an islamic bank or an islamic bank account with a non-islamic bank . 
  the money can be used for islamic compliant investments . 
  i 'm pretty sure that this does n't make a difference in terms of islamic law . 
  so the banks are n't breaching any of their contractual obligations by using islamic debt as collateral . 
  i 've been advising on islamic finance transactions in london for years . 
  the uk government just issued an islamic bond . 
  this is just london trying to stay ahead in terms of financial services . 
  no worries . 
  i think the point is that austerity on its own is not a solution . 
  in the case of spain , portugal , greece etc , what would actually help would ( in my view ) would be a currency depreciation relative to most of europe and monetary stimulus . 
  some austerity might also be needed , but a smaller and slower amount and in a more controlled way . 
  but , i do n't think this is currently an option . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you . 
  i guess i am just saying `` a lot '' of monetary stimulus , rather than `` some '' monetary stimulus . 
  it 's just an emphasis . 
  darwin is a great scientist and turing a great mathematician / code-breaker ( rather than a scientist per se ) . 
  hawkings is an average scientist who has written a best-selling book . 
  attenborough is a dude with a popular tv show who will be forgotten in a generation . 
  people like faraday and newton spring to mind in terms of great british scientists . 
  hmmmmm . 
  you do n't know what 's coming to you . 
  this year in london the rain has been something else entirely ... 
  the good news is that it is very easy to find work in the uk right now . 
  the ruk will pay the debt and then get reimbursed by scotland for their share . 
  ( assuming that scotland 's debt is at a premium to ruk 's , structuring things this way makes things cheaper for everyone . ), 
  not quite . 
  this announcement relates to existing debt . 
  it does n't relate to future debt . 
  belgium 's tourist board indicates [ hercule poirot ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/belgium/8120568/hercule-poirot-named-honorary-famous-belgian.html ) . . 
  previously , it had sounded like the position would be that existing debts would be divided up without any guarantee . 
  an announcement about a guarantee is quite a big difference from that . 
  we do n't tend to think of cnut as being english in the same way as we think of alfred as being english . 
  also , we always call alfred `` the great '' , but we do n't tend to do that with cnut . 
  not quite sure why . 
  i feel a bit sorry for cnut . 
  he has been slightly written out of history . 
  this looks like a unilateral announcement by hmt without co-ordination with the scottish government . 
  there was nothing about this in the scottish government 's blueprint for independence , despite its significance . 
  the implication is that the money markets will require a significant premium in order to lend to scotland . 
   classic national heroes for france are vercingetorix and do n't forget asterix , obelix and the others too . 
  there 's every chance that turn out will change quite a bit this time round . 
  europe is quite a different place from what it was back in 2009 . 
  there has been the sovereign debt crisis , lots more `` europe '' stories generally in the news and also there have been constitutional changes to the eu . 
  the uk has had a lot of monetary stimulus and , crucially , devalued its currency ... 
  it 's going to be interesting to see scotland 's response to this . 
  it is kind of embarrassing for them . 
  i am expecting afd to get above 5 % in these elections , given that they got close to 5 % in the federal elections last year and will be more motivated for these . 
  this is basically politic-ing by the conservative back-benchers . 
  expect a lot more of this over the coming months and years , from both sides of the house . 
  honourable mention to alfred the great , contributing greatly to the unification of england and the only english monarch bestowed with the title : `` the great '' . 
  churchill i think must be the number one , if only for his ability to write and deliver arousing speeches at a time that britain most needed inspiration : '' * even though large tracts of europe and many old and famous states have fallen or may fall into the grip of the gestapo and all the odious apparatus of nazi rule , we shall not flag or fail . 
  we shall go on to the end . 
  we shall fight in france , we shall fight on the seas and oceans , we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air , we shall defend our island , whatever the cost may be . 
  we shall fight on the beaches , we shall fight on the landing grounds , we shall fight in the fields and in the streets , we shall fight in the hills ; we shall never surrender , and if , which i do not for a moment believe , this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving , then our empire beyond the seas , armed and guarded by the british fleet , would carry on the struggle , until , in god 's good time , the new world , with all its power and might , steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old . 
  british people write to their mp or mep all the time . 
  it is a big tradition here . 
  mps always tend to respond , because they are kinda afraid of our aggressive media , 
  i 'm pretty sure most primary school teachers will not be competent to teach a foreign language ... 
  still , this is something that i think is a good idea . 
  i 'd invest in ireland . 
  ireland 's economy and political situation is very different from portugal , italy , greece and spain . 
  ireland does have huge debts , but their economy is now growing and unemployment is shrinking . 
  ireland has also successfully exited the bail out programme . 
  i can feel sorry for the police who suffered injuries and people who incurred property damage , but it does sound like the protesters have a very legitimate grievance . 
  this type of story makes me wonder if civil order is starting to break down in some parts of europe . 
  wherever you live in the eu , the uk having a referendum will make some impact on you . 
  if you do n't want to live in the uk , there is nothing to stop you moving to another part of the world . 
  a referendum to stay in the eu would make a massive difference . 
  the main arguments that ukip and the media have are to do with democracy and the eu not having support in the uk . 
  a referendum would be hard to argue with . 
  if the uk quits the eu , the rest of the eu will be able to integrate more easily . 
  and if you are pro-integration , that is a good outcome and will clarify things . 
  this is why it is important for the uk to have a referendum . 
  that will clarify things in whichever direction . 
  there is an eu wide cap on bankers bonuses that came into force across the eu on 1 january 2014 , that is contained within the capital requirements regulation . 
  even to summarise all of this legislation would take a great deal of time !, 
  a lot of this legislation is extremely complex and runs to hundreds of pages . 
  advising on new regulation is basically my full time job these days and is a massive growth area . 
  in very brief summary : banking reform act - to with conduct of bankers and competition among banks financial services act - creation of two new regulators in the uk , the fca and the pra , each with extensive new powers . 
  then at eu level : capital requirements - this is the eu implementation of the global basel banking reforms . 
  the eu has been a bit slow on this compared to e.g us and australia . 
  it basically requires banks to have more capital so that they can survive times of crisis . 
  lots of eu banks have recently raised money to comply with this ( barclays / ubs / socgen / bbva ) and lots will follow next year . 
  credit ratings agency - requires moody 's , fitch etc to be more transparent about their methodologies . 
  requires entities with ratings to rotate who gives them ratings and much more . 
  prospectus directive - requires companies issuing securities to the public to publish documents with defined contents setting out information about their securities and the risks . 
  i could go on for hours , but i am sure you get the idea .
