  i do n't think that the fact that the sun commissioned the poll is relevant . 
   i must say , i 'm immensely curious about what caused the surge . 
  in my view there has n't been an event that has caused the surge per se . 
  ukip in general and farage in particular have been a bit off their game though . 
  also , we are really starting to feel the effects of the economic recovery in the uk , with unemployment falling fast etc. 
  i think there is some correlation between attitudes towards the eu ( or more generally to goverment policy / the status quo ) and individual economic circumstances . 
  we will see what happens closer to the eu parliamentary elections , as the media will start discussing eu membership more . 
   all of those countries are very wealthy . 
  obviously the uk , germany , the netherlands , france etc. 
  would not have a problem leaving the eu . 
  this kind of shows why your orginal argument , that mandatory travel will show people the benefit of the eu , is not going to work in countries like uk , germany , netherlands , france . 
  it might be the case that / u/xxzoroasterxx is not anti-semitic - it is n't entirely clear from what he wrote :  lol . 
  yea of course mr. george ` rothschild-pet ' soros would criticise germany , the future threat to rothschild corporate domination in europe . 
  do n't listen to this mongrel . 
  however , calling george soros a mongrel is poor form and somewhat offensive , whether he is jewish or not . 
  in fact , trying to discredit people by implying that they are somehow sub-human is common tactic that should be criticised , [ as i am sure you will agree ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1yscoy/eu_debate_with_nigel_farage_will_be_tough_for/cfnesqv ) . 
   do you think all us eu citizens dream of living in britain on the dole or something ? 
  no - and nothing that i have written could lead to such a conclusion . 
   strongly depends on the country and time . 
  try being polish 20 years ago or romanian even a few years ago . 
  that was really because of the unique historical circumstances of the iron curtain and communism . 
  obviously , there was n't free movement between east berlin and west berlin during the cold war . 
  in much of western europe , free movement was extremely easy for a long time before the eu , e.g. 
  at the end of the nineteenth century , western europeans travelled around western europe very easily . 
  britain and ireland had a common travel area long before joining the eu . 
  londoners and parisians have almost always found it easy to travel to each others ' cities . 
   given the huge number of countries in this world , that means if you 're a small country your citizens are severely limited . 
  there are already small countries that are n't in the eu that already have easy travel arrangements with much of the world , e.g. 
  switzerland , norway , singapore , south korea , new zealand . 
  edit - some words . 
   i am fairly certain the uk benefits much more . 
  the uk gets younger and harder workers . 
  bulgaria gets mostly retirees . 
  i think it is clear that as a whole the uk benefits much more from free movement than bulgaria benefits . 
  there is a question over whether bulgaria is really benefiting at all . 
  obviously there are some individual bulgarians who do benefit and some individual brits who do n't benefit . 
   here as in ireland . 
  he 's happy in sofia . 
  so is his pal in prague . 
  i do n't think that they would be as happy in ireland or the u.k. 
  when people talk about teaching english and the dole and stuff i automatically think uk , when clearly these things apply equally to ireland !, 
  sorry again !, 
  i agree - teaching english in sofia is likely a better existence than being on the dole in ireland or cleaning in london . 
   his only other option was to remain on the dole here . 
  surely he would have been able to get a job in the uk , had he really wanted one ? 
  there are always jobs going in some low-skilled sectors in the uk , like food production , cleaning , picking fruit and vegetables etc. 
  i 'm not saying these are better options than moving to sofia , just that he likely did have other options rather than being on the dole in the uk . 
   i live in the uk and what i do n't understand is how everything can be so much expensive . 
  not only the house market . 
  every month , i spend 1.5 times more on groceries than i did in france . 
  the fact that the uk is an island seems a bit shaky to explain such a discrepancy , and it 's not like the wages were 1.5 times higher . 
  i agree that the uk ( and in particular the greater london area ) seems to operate in a different economy from the rest of the single market . 
  part of this is because london does n't really feel like other european cities , it is also in a very real sense a global city ( in the way that it is a hub for global finance , experiences high levels of immigration from the entire globe , property in london is seen as a safe investment by the entire globe and not just europeans , and also london-life has a `` prestige factor '' , and most of the world is able to find work relatively quickly in london as most people already have some basic english ) . 
  the fact that things are so expensive in london ( and also elsewhere in the uk ) , does not really seem to be a deterrent for people . 
  everyone knows that the uk is overpriced , and yet people still chose to cross europe to live there . 
  so i do n't really see any solutions to the question of high-price-uk . 
  for a brit , even if you own a small london property , you know you can sell up and buy anywhere in e.g. 
  spain or bulgaria and live in relative luxury . 
  but the majority of brits moving to spain or bulgaria do n't really have the right skills to work in those places , the only rational reason to move there is for a life-style reason . 
  so it tends to be retired people who move to those places permanently or choose to buy a second home there , or alternatively students who want to take advantage of cheap prices , while relatively few british workers move to continental europe for professional reasons . 
  during the last decade i spent quite a bit of time working in italy and considered buying property there . 
  but in the end i decided to move back to the uk , because i thought that i would get `` trapped '' with an italian salary and the value of italian property and end up falling behind my equivalent london salary and london property price and never be able to get back to the uk . 
  differently , i think that i can probably spend the next decade living and working in london and then move back to italy if i end up wanting to . 
  it does n't look like it is going to be possible to live in italy and work in the uk unfortunately . 
  there is no way to make london culture/weather/food more mediterranean . 
  and there is no way to make italian working practices more anglo-saxon . 
  what i mean is british people are going to be just as happy cheering for a greek with an eu flag or a lithuanian with an eu flag or a spaniard with an eu flag as they are happy to cheer for a korean with a korean flag , a peruvian with a peruvian flag or a kenyan with a kenyan flag . 
  how do you feel about cheering for those other flags ? 
  we do n't feel stronger identity with other europeans than we do with other humans . 
  i do n't think this is sad . 
  it is just a question of identity . 
  i have spent a lot of time travelling , working abroad and so forth both in europe and outside europe . 
  i do n't distinguish between the eu and the rest of humanity . 
  i was trying to find some data , like number of members , perhaps by member state , when it was founded , who leads it , the results of any elections it has stood in and so forth . 
  i could n't see any of that . 
  i guess it has only just started ? 
   in 2008 , staple crops ( grain , rice , wheat , maize , etc ) rose drastically in price , some even going as high as 118 % increase . 
  while there may have been some years in which staple crops have increased in price , the long term trend of costs of food production , particularly with new technologies such as gm foods , particularly with the scope to develop parts of the globe which currently have very inefficient agriculture ( and as someone who has spent considerable time in kenya and ethiopia , i have seen terribly inefficient agriculture in extremely fertile places with my own eyes ) , is downwards . 
  even noting that the energy costs in food production are variable and even noting that europe depends partly for energy on russia etc. 
  europe can ( and should ) do a lot more to become energy independent ( like usa is fast becoming ) by making use of nuclear , shale etc. 
  i really do n't know anything about climate change , but your argument sounds like an argument for food security across the globe , rather than an issue which is specifically european . 
  that being the case , in my mind it does n't follow that food security should necessarily be at a european competence ( rather than a global competence or a national competence ) . 
  how many members does this political party currently have ? 
   you 'd be cheering for eu people . 
  and anyway this is something that can be done easily and would be quite inexpensive . 
  british people would not cheer for `` eu people '' . 
  they just would not do this . 
  initiatives like this would be very unpopular in britain . 
  there really is no way of getting brits to support `` eu people '' in sporting events . 
  if british people had to wear the eu flag at sporting events there would be an outcry in britain . 
   it 's needed to protect from imports . 
  let 's say france is trying to subsidize their wheat production , but germany brings in a lot of cheap wheat from outside the eu , so much that they need to offload some of it . 
  france ca n't impose quotas or duties on non-eu agriculture because that 's an eu competency , and since germany wanted to abandon food security it needs to be able to import as much foreign food as it needs . 
  but the goods that are in germany can now be shipped around the eu to countries that are trying to protect their agricultural industry , and undercut the prices . 
  grain does n't have a serial ( ha ) number to identify it 's place of origin . 
  so to counteract that , with your proposal of eu set maximum subsidization , there 's also need to be a common policy on tariffs and quotas . 
  and once we 're at that point , it 's simply easier , cheaper , and more responsive to crises to have a cap . 
  if wheat can be purchased more cheaply from outside the eu than in the eu , then obviously i would much prefer to purchase it from outside the eu . 
  i see this as in my interests as a consumer of wheat . 
  if there is a choice then between having a free market in wheat within the eu together with equalised but high subsidies or having no free marker of wheat within the eu , but some countries free to have no subsidies but import from outside the eu as well , then my strong preference is for the latter option .
