  there is n't any suffering , though there is plenty of complaining . 
  obviously there is still going to be work do elsewhere and in particular ensuring that illegal immigrants are expelled and that refugees are given asylum . 
  but the specific problems of the calais jungle ( lack of security , inhumane conditions of the camp etc ) do look like they are being dealt with . 
  it is astonishing that the french government took so long to decide to deal with this . 
  it is welcome that they are taking steps now . 
  race to the top begins . 
  this is just one of the many good consequences of brexit , it will lead to tax cuts in both the uk and continental europe . 
  you 're welcome . 
   i do n't consider # 66 billion and a 10 % drop in gdp to be fine . 
  incredibly poor article by the indie . 
  even if it were possible to predict economic development over 15 years , the hmt prediction is still not for a drop in gdp , just slower growth . 
   but i 'm already in my mid-20s and it 's rather frustrating that it will be me and my generation paying for this throughout our working lives - paying for something we did n't want and did n't vote for . 
  you will be getting richer throughout your working lives assuming that the uk is well-governed . 
   it might not be the end of the world but it at least has me questioning why i should continue to live in this country when , at least in my field , there are plenty of opportunities abroad . 
  if you can earn more overseas , then of course you might consider taking that opportunity . 
  i am someone who has worked overseas myself . 
  the reality is that the british economy is still one of the most attractive in the world which is why we have such high immigration . 
   it always depends on the policy area you are talking about . 
  i assumed that by values we were talking about things like the rule of law , liberal democracy , free speech , respect for minorities and so forth . 
   yes . 
  because you were too arrogant to listen to our warnings . 
  the german side told you not to value the gbp this highly . 
  you ignored the warnings and payed for it . 
  it would probably have worked if you had taken a more realistic approach . 
  we should have listened to that warning and gone in at a lower rate , but it still would not have worked in the long run . 
  as it happened we fell out quickly rather than slowly . 
  looking back at history , that is the day that brexit started . 
   after some initial uncertainty , it was very stable for over three years . 
  then , the financial crisis hit . 
  we can only speculate what would have happened with the uk in the euro , a currency needs to work in the good times as well as the bad times . 
  if the uk had been in the euro , the same thing that happened to the irish economy would have happened to the uk economy except our economy is ten times bigger , our population is much more eusceptic and we have nuclear weapons . 
  we would have had the mother of all housing booms , then a crash , needed a bail-out ten times the size of the irish one and we would have had massive unemployment . 
  it would have killed the eurozone . 
   but i do n't think it is right to call it a misfit alltogether . 
  yes , we are probably a better fit than greece and italy . 
  but that is not a reason to share a currency really . 
  your spelling of `` humour '' offended me . 
   the eu should have a two chamber system like the us or switzerland . 
  the voters do n't want that kind of thing . 
   neither the eu nor canada will face dire consequences if ceta does n't go through as the trade volume is rather limited . 
  it is a whole different scenario when you look at the eu-uk trade relations . 
  yes , but this still does not mean there will be a deal . 
  there is a risk that someone vetoes it and this risk just got a lot bigger . 
   i do believe that the uk has `` european values '' - in fact , the uk has shaped these values for quite a while now . 
  i was being tongue-in-cheek here . 
  personally i do n't think the concept of `` european values '' makes much sense . 
  i think both the uk and the eu have western values and canada also has western values too . 
  the uk already had the experience of trying to align our currency to the german one . 
  it did not work . 
  fortunately , we learnt from history . 
  if we look at the currency fluctuations between the gbp and the eur since the eur launched , it seems fairly clear that the uk is not a good fit to the eur ... 
   no other country will sign a trade deal until we 've sorted out our relationship with the eu . 
  wto is not that bad . 
  we will be fine . 
  believe !, 
  canada 's main export destination in the eu is the uk . 
  the uk now has a fantastic opportunity to troll the eu by being loud and clear that we will sign up a ceta-like deal with canada the day we leave the eu . 
  i expect that the temptation in the british government to do this will be overwhelming . 
   as i said , when push came to shove the nl and the uk were often allies . 
  we lost a major ally and it 'll cost us regardless of how well we argue . 
  i agree with you that the uk and the nl were major allies within the eu and as such that does make things more difficult and worse for you . 
  however , i do n't think either the uk or the nl should give up this strategic alliance and perhaps it is now more important than ever . 
  you may need a good ally on the outside and we may need one in the inside , so let 's stay close and in contact . 
  the uk and the nl were close allies before the eu and personally i think we will stay close allies once the eu is over . 
  i agree , that is why the uk did not join . 
  they could n't have been easily fixed . 
  some countries within the euro just have very unaligned economies . 
   we 're basically where you were at five to ten years ago . 
  euroscepticism is still a fringe belief , many are still under the impression that one can not survive out of the eu . 
  in a sense this now means that the uk and the eu have directly opposed interests . 
  if the uk is successful outside the eu , it will be impossible for anyone in netherlands to argue that survival outside the eu is impossible . 
   i can not predict how a post-brexit europe will deviate from the public interest in my country . 
  i agree . 
  i think , though , there is a positive that comes out of this . 
  in the past , we in the uk used to feel that a lot of countries used to benefit from our opposition to things without contributing to the argument themselves . 
  ireland in particular did this a lot , hiding behind the uk 's veto without being seen to veto things itself . 
  i guess the countries that used to agree with the uk on matters will now be forced to argue things a bit harder themselves . 
   this is true but it leaves out the fact the negotiations took far longer than they should actually he rushed them and rushed the referendum generally . 
  the aim of schengen and euro were not to be helpful just to some countries but to be helpful for everyone . 
  but you are right , your country has benefited from them . 
   our two largest parties are still very diassapointed that we voted no to join the eu twice . 
  the brexit vote is the gift that keeps on giving . 
  i do n't know too much about norwegian politics , but i reckon that the brexit vote just killed off all norwegian political elite dreams of joining the eu themselves . 
  because the uk are not going to accept the eea , i reckon that eventually norway will decide to leave it too . 
  personally i think these changes will be good for all of us . 
   you ca n't negotiate yourself out of geographic reality . 
  physical distance will remain a major factor in trade for at least another 20 years , probably longer if you look at uk trade , with each year that passes the amount that goes to europe declines . 
  already it is less and less of a factor . 
   i predict a european trade deal will be first priority . 
  it will be a priority , but the reality is that a deal between the uk and the reu might never get signed because the walloons ( or whoever else ) might not sign it . 
   thanks to a significant degree to british policy-making since the 1980s . 
  how cynical does one have to be ... now that the uk is leaving , the rest of the eu is free to reorganise itself in any way it wants . 
  good luck with that . 
   cameron did get a serious concession from the eu , only the british press pissed all over it . 
  he negotiated the right to apply tougher welfare rules on eu citizens that , e.g. , germany does not have . 
  not really . 
  the concession that the uk got was one that all countries could also apply too . 
  the deal was far below the one that cameron hoped to get . 
   the eu has gotten too big for the processes to go smoothly . 
  i think a five nation efta will be a perfect size ,
