  the people control the government rather than the other way round . 
   in general - why not , even though these agreements tend to favour the bigger nation more . 
  as a free trade fundamentalist , i think this is completely wrong . 
  free trade helps everyone provided it actually makes trade freer , but the nation that is helped the most is the nation that embraces free trade to the fullest extent . 
  if a trade agreement between a big nation and a small nation had the effect , for example , of the small nation opening up its imports to the big nation more than the big nation opening up its imports to the small nation , that would only help the big nation more if you take the view that exporting is somehow more helpful than importing . 
  i do n't take this view and i am a bit surprised you take this view . 
  i do n't believe that a nation should somehow try to prioritise its own producers over its own consumers . 
   as long as the uk economy does n't tank before march , i would n't worry . 
  outside the context of some unforeseeable and massive geopolitical event that will impact all of us , this is a bit unlikely . 
   a drastic decline in the economy before triggering art . 
  50 may lead to a reversal of the brexit decision . 
  i do n't think so . 
  we made the decision on 23 june when we voted to leave the eu . 
  in a liberal democracy it is important to respect the way people vote . 
  happily our parliament and government understand that principle . 
  i am blaming the uk here because it is not a case simply of throwing money around ( which seems to be part of uk current way of doing things ) but throwing that money in careful ways at the right things . 
  i also think that a programme of aid ( outside the context of war relief and natural disasters etc ) makes most sense when it is combined with a programme of free trade and open markets , because it is free trade and open markets that do more than anything else to remove people from poverty . 
  hopefully brexit will provide an opportunity for this agenda to be further pushed , e.g. 
  by uk removing all tariffs and subsidies on agriculture . 
   we ca n't possibly know what the growth would have been if it were n't for brexit vote . 
  likely higher than those estimated 2 % . 
  i agree that we ca n't really know what growth would have been like if the uk had voted remain . 
  but if you are asserting that it would have been higher than the q3 0.6 % and q4 0.7 % growth that was recorded , i think it would make sense to base that assertion on the basis of some kind of evidence or reasoned argument . 
  thanks , that is interesting . 
  uk seems to be currently wasting some of its international aid money by sending it to places that it is n't really needed rather than places that it is needed . 
   germany is the country spending the most on helping in the region . 
  do you have figures on how much germany spends compared to uk or us ? 
  not really . 
  the uk did not grow slower in 2016 because of brexit . 
  [ the uk 's office of national statistics estimates ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/grossdomesticproductgdp/bulletins/secondestimateofgdp/quarter4octtodec2016 ) that the uk economy grew by 0.2 % in q1 , 0.6 % in each of q2 and q3 and 0.7 % in q4 giving a reading of 1.8 % for the year . 
  the initial estimate had been 2.0 % for the year , the downwards revision is due to weaker north sea oil and gas production during the first half of 2016 . 
  this is a sector-specific trend that does not really reflect the underlying strength of the uk economy . 
   first thing i think whenever i see her is `` she voted for remain , what is she doing ? '' . 
  the government is doing what the people instructed the government to do . 
  i 'm glad that is how things work . 
   i would like to take the opportunity in front of these statements to say that , despite any differences that might arise on occasion , britain is a good friend to the west and god save britain . 
  hey , that was a nice post , god save greece too , every time i go to greece you guys are very welcoming and friendly and i have the best time !, 
  also , lots of greeks here in london are very well integrated and at home it seems , good people . 
   however , this is purely situational , not an evolution of your relationship with them . 
  in pubs we are drinking and talking , not making friends . 
  it is also my favourite polandball comic . 
  there is something really beautiful about it and in fact there is something incredibly interesting about anglo/french relationship . 
  when we say `` pax '' we cross our fingers at the same time . 
  crossed fingers has a religious origin . 
   they entered wwi to protect us due to some old scrap of paper ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_london_ ( 1839 ) # .22 scrap_of_paper .22 ) . 
  thanks !, 
  it was a pleasure and a privilege . 
   godbless treaty of windsor . 
  anglo-portuguese alliance forever !!, 
  username checks out, 
   i generally can make myself understood to most adults as in , you can generally make yourself understood to most other danes if you speak slowly and pronounce clearly when speaking danish ? 
   `` pouce '' is good when you want a pause . 
  this might be the same origin as `` pax '' that was used in some parts of the uk in a similar context . 
  perhaps it also is bastardised version of the latin , peace ? 
  in my part of the uk ( bucks ) we called that safe spot `` home '' or `` base '' . 
  there was also a complex rule that if you were about to be caught outside of `` base '' , if you crossed your fingers and said `` pax '' , you were somehow immune . 
  that rule seemed to undermine the whole purpose of the `` base '' and in fact the whole game , so used to get pretty controversial . 
  provided that the uk is not involved i am hugely relaxed about what the eu does . 
   i think part of it was also that you did n't think it was possible for those institutions to function democratically in the ( reasonable ) future . 
  i agree , i do n't think that they can . 
  but i do n't think this is pessimism any more than me not believing that communism can work is me being pessimistic . 
  to me it is simply a realistic appraisal of society . 
   and i think that certain `` optimist/idealist '' vs `` pessimist/realist '' divide is also a part of the discourse over progress , progressivism and the left-right divide . 
  brexit confused this divide in the uk because the main argument on the remain side was that the uk would not be able to flourish economically outside the eu ( a pessimistic view in my mine ) making arguments that the uk would not protect workers rights or environmental legislation ( again , a pessimistic view ) . 
  those of us on the leave side who argued that the uk could flourish economically outside the eu and that uk democracy could put in place sensible legislation related to workers rights has a positive argument from that perspective . 
   i do thing that `` the long arc of history '' does create objective conditions that push more and more towards it , though . 
  i think that the long arc of human history does tend to push towards globalisation . 
  but i do n't think that is the same as pushing towards global governance and indeed i think it partially makes european governance less likely . 
  remember that on the brexit side of things there were people like me who want quicker and faster free trade deals with the rest of the world , tariffs against the rest of the world to come down , uk to seek regulatory equivalence in terms of financial services with the rest of the world rather than just the eu . 
   interesting times ahead , certainly . 
  very interesting indeed !, 
   i mean , it 's the usual historical sense of the word . 
  `` progresivism '' has usually been seen as left-wing , including by right wingers of the past . 
  because the word `` progress '' contains within it the concept of `` improvement '' rather than simply `` change '' and is therefore not neutral i am not really sure why anyone on the right ever conceded that word to the left and i certainly did n't . 
  i find it a bit of an unhelpful word , a bit like the word `` reform '' when used in relation to the eu . 
  we can all agree that the eu needs reform , because we all consider it currently imperfect and can therefore envisage something better . 
  but we all mean completely different things by reform and often diametrically opposed things . 
   you supporting brexit , which is strongly tied to a strong sense of the `` british nation '' , which is an idea strongly rooted in the past and a sense of history nations have existed in the past , but so have supranational entities and we can all think of those of the last century ( ussr ) or those of antiquity ( roman empire ) that are no longer with us . 
  i voted for brexit primarily because i did not think it made sense for the uk to outsource parts of its democracy to an institution that did not function democratically . 
  i accept that inherent in this is a sense of the british nation , and a nation 's identity involves its history . 
  history is not linear and i always disagree with people that think that there is some inevitable march away from the nation state towards surpranational entities or that supranational governance represents progress . 
  in a globalised world is the eu really part of the future or part of the past ? 
  i am not sure if le pen 's electorate care much about whether or not she goes to court . 
  in fact , i think going to court could be the kind of thing that inspires some of her electorate . 
   i 'm sorry but what i said is accurate . 
  politics can be argued . 
  i disagree with your view . 
   left does mean the more revolutionary , ergo progressive way while right is the traditionalist , conservative . 
  i do n't think that revolutionary is the same as progressive . 
  a revolution can be regressive . 
  as someone on the right i do n't necessarily want to conserve things . 
  i want to conserve the good things from the past , but get rid of the shit things from the past . 
   when people use the word `` progress '' in this way i think you mean when people on the left use the word `` progress '' in this way . 
  i am not on the left . 
  i use the word progress in a different way . 
   the right wants `` change '' , too , but it 's usually centered on the past and preserving or rebuilding what are perceived as the positives of the past . 
  i think this is the left 's perception of what the right wants . 
  as someone on the right , i do n't want things from the past . 
   one thing is for sure , if she does n't win the presidentials , she 's done . 
  we will see .
