  otherwise the uk might as well go for a fta . 
  in my mind it totally makes sense for the eurozone to use the british renegotiation as an opportunity to press for further treaty changes necessary to try and further complete the economic and monetary union project , which is unfortunately still very incomplete as the events in greece show us . 
  it would make sense for the eurozone to further centralise eurozone governance and also begin putting in place a eurozone fiscal union and give the ecb further powers . 
  there is no reason why this work can not be done in conjunction with a repatriation of powers from brussels to the uk , with confirmation in the treaties that the uk is not part of `` ever closer union '' etc. 
  it is interesting that the `` wider renegotiation '' view is starting to gain credence among others too . 
  [ this is broadly what verhofstand argued a few days ago . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/an-eu-for-full-members-only/ ) - presenting his idea that there should be a clear separation between `` full members '' and `` associate members '' . 
  [ it is also similar to what letta argued in his recent guardian article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/may/15/rescue-europe-britain-slow-lane-brexit-two-speed-union ) , talking about a two-speed europe , with britain put clearly in the `` no further integration lane '' and the eurozone beginning necessary and extrensive further integration . 
  however , i am sure that some people will be reluctant to combine the uk renegotiation with further eurozone integration , however much it might be necessary . 
  for one thing , the whole exercise becomes much more complex and would likely not complete by 2017 , cameron 's deadline . 
  it might well interfere with the french and german elections . 
  an extensive treaty change would also trigger referenda in other member states too , increasing risks of peoples voting it down . 
  this is a double-edged sword for the uk . 
  combining uk renegotiations with eurozone reforms arguably makes the uk hand a bit stronger and allows them to ask for more . 
  but it also will raise the stakes in all kinds of unforseeable ways . 
  this is the linked article from the wsj : berlin -- germany 's finance minister said he could n't rule out a greek default , a stance that will add pressure on athens as negotiations over much-needed financing enter their final stretch . 
  asked whether he would repeat an assurance he gave in late 2012 that greece would n't default , wolfgang sch\u00e4uble told the wall street journal and french daily les echos that `` i would have to think very hard before repeating this in the current situation . '' `` the sovereign , democratic decision of the greek people has left us in a very different situation , '' he said , referring to the january election that delivered a radical-left government bent on reversing five years of creditor-mandated austerity and painful economic overhauls . 
  in an interview in his spartan berlin office on tuesday , mr. sch\u00e4uble , a key architect of europe 's controversial austerity-driven response to the eurozone debt crisis , showed no willingness to compromise in the negotiations to unlock the final installment of greece 's $ 245-billion ( $ 272-billion ) bailout . 
  without a deal , the program will expire in six weeks , leaving greece with no option but to default on billions of euros in debt repayments coming due this summer . 
  even as he dismissed suggestions that the rules of greece 's bailout can be bent , mr. sch\u00e4uble said he 's ready to open talks with the u.k. about london 's demand to rewrite the rules of its european union membership . 
  newly re-elected prime minister david cameron has promised to hold a referendum by 2017 on the u.k. 's membership in the 28-nation bloc . 
  mr. sch\u00e4uble said he had invited his u.k. counterpart george osborne to berlin to discuss how to combine britain 's requests and germany 's own wish list of changes to the treaties of the eu , the bloc 's founding agreements that lay out how it operates . 
  `` we have talked about him coming to berlin so that we can think together about how we can combine the british position with the urgent need for a strengthened governance of the eurozone , '' mr. sch\u00e4uble , one of the most senior members of the german government , said . 
  chancellor angela merkel `` knows this and david cameron is informed . '' mr. cameron has said he wants to win back a range of powers from the eu , including more control over what benefits foreign workers in the u.k. can receive , a national veto on some eu legislation , and a bigger say for national parliaments in european decisions . 
  germany , and mr. sch\u00e4uble in particular , have long championed a change that would allow for more centralization of fiscal policy within the euro area , of which the u.k. is not a part . 
  but it has faced opposition from france and other member states . 
  mr. sch\u00e4uble said london 's wish for looser eu ties could provide a vehicle for the tighter-knit eurozone economic governance berlin thinks is indispensable to the currency union 's long-term survival . 
  `` since 2010 , we 've been more successful at stabilizing the eurozone than many critics expected . 
  but the structure of this currency union will stay fragile as long as its governance is n't substantially reinforced . 
  maybe there is a chance to combine both goals , '' he said . 
  mr. sch\u00e4uble conceded that the protracted process of rewriting the treaties might not be achievable by 2017 , but `` we will try to move in this direction , possibly through agreements that would later be incorporated into treaty changes . 
  there is a big margin of maneuver . '' the finance minister , whose close relationship with mr. osborne he said was `` no secret and , at least for me , nothing to be ashamed of , '' said `` we have a huge interest in the u.k. remaining a strong and engaged member of the european union . '' returning to the subject of greece , mr. sch\u00e4uble , who will chair a meeting of group of seven finance ministers and central bankers next week in dresden , rebuffed most ideas from brussels to carve a way out of the impasse in bailout negotiations . 
  he also warned the european commission , seen in berlin as too lenient with athens , to keep to its role as one of the three monitors of the program 's implementation , alongside the international monetary fund and the european central bank . 
  `` many people talk about things they either do not understand or are not responsible for , '' he said . 
  `` the commission plays its role as part of the three institutions . 
  but it acts within the limits of this function . '' mr. sch\u00e4uble is known for taking a hard line on greece . 
  however , german chancellor angela merkel has taken a somewhat more pragmatic view , and is eager to avoid a greek bankruptcy or euro exit . 
  but german officials say ms. merkel too needs greece to enact enough tough economic overhauls for her to justify further bailout aid to germany 's parliament , where many lawmakers share mr. sch\u00e4uble 's skepticism about athens 's willingness or ability to comply with the eurozone 's economic rules . 
  among the suggestions mr. sch\u00e4uble rejected is the idea that negotiations over a third bailout package , which most economists agree is unavoidable , should start before the current program is completed . 
  while greece could be eligible for a third bailout if it completed its program successfully and achieved a budget surplus before interest repayments , mr. sch\u00e4uble said , `` greece has yet to complete the program , it no longer has the primary surplus it had last year , and it has said repeatedly it does n't want a new program . '' talks of splitting the last tranche of the current bailout into mini-installments linked to specific steps to be taken by athens were also off the table , he said , as were calls from athens for a top-level political deal to override the stranded technical talks . 
  these talks have become mired in athens ' refusal to implement the pension , labor market and tax overhauls mandated by the program . 
  but mr. schaeble insisted they had to run their course until they came to an agreement that eurozone finance ministers could either approve or reject . 
  `` the negotiations between greece and the three institutions ( the european commission , the ecb and the imf ) have always been tough , but they have always succeeded , '' mr. sch\u00e4uble said . 
  `` i have no intention of interfering in this process . '', 
   if you mean by corruption that he 's nice to people he sees a lot and does them a favor every now and then and they are nice to him and do him a favor every now and then in return , then yes . 
  this is an incredibly serious allegation . 
  coeure is on the executive board of the ecb . 
  if he does favours for people now and then , divulging price sensitive information selectively , then he should be imprisoned . 
   i think it 's more amusing that people think that this was done by accident . 
  are you suggesting that benoit coeure deliberately gave out price sensitive information to a select group of investors ? 
  why would he do that ? 
  do you think he is corrupt ? 
   that \u00b4 s inside trading ... people get jailed because of that ... well some small people at least i doubt this qualifies as insider trading . 
  the investors would have assumed that the ecb would not have been releasing inside information to them . 
  they would have assumed that the ecb would have processes to notify the whole market simultaneously . 
  thus they are likely to be able to benefit from the `` reasonable behaviour '' defence . 
   oh yes im sure those multibillionares are shaking in their boots right now . 
  the people who made the error were not the multibillionaires . 
   it is not blairs fault alone . 
  blair made the labour party electable again . 
  in order to win an election in the uk , the labour party need another blair . 
   that would put them in ukip territory the guardian does not call ukip far right , afaik . 
   hsbc was in the news the other week for doing the exact same thing . 
  the hsbc announcement was different . 
  though it did mention brexit , it was focused on the bank levy and while it did not say where it would go to , it implied that it would go to hong kong or singapore rather than stay in the single market . 
  on the contrary , we do care . 
  just because we might want the eu to collapse , that does n't mean we do n't care . 
  if you break it up then ireland only has you to blame . 
  not really . 
  brits want to keep free trade . 
  if the reu stops free trade with the uk , this is a decision by the reu which will hurt ireland . 
  it will be the reu 's fault . 
   remind me , why would we let them stay in the single market ? 
  if they renege on their other obligations , then why not kick them out altogether ? 
  ( 1 ) the reu sells far more to the uk than the other way round . 
  the reu will be harmed by making trade with the uk difficult . 
  ( 2 ) some reu countries , particularly ireland , will be extremely badly impacted if trade with the uk is made more difficult . 
  ( 3 ) the uk is not renaging on obligations , even if it leaves the eu . 
  this is n't my reason for wanting the uk to leave the eu . 
  in relation to denmark and the euro , my point is not so much that they would have an unfair distribution of power in an area of pooled sovereignty , it is more that the current monetary policy of the eu is hardly unaligned with one that denmark would want . 
  they already get a monetary policy that suits them . 
   what we need is a final solution do n't say that to germany ... 
  maybe you would just spend less on some of the less useful things ? 
  how different would the euro be if denmark were influencing it compared to how it currently is ? 
  i do n't think it would be different at all . 
  english law is very similar to this . 
  it is relevant ... 
  no , this is not potentially incitement to murder . 
  the eu treaties currently expressly forbid debt transfers . 
  the greek crisis is no closer to being resolved . 
  the eu is miles from being a single state . 
  i disagree with your theory . 
  if the eu becomes a fiscal union , it will also become a union in which debt is pooled . 
  thus luxembourg risk will be guaranteed by the other member states . 
   what does then ? 
  i would be more than happy to be enlightened on the subject . 
  [ you can read about standard and poor 's methodology for sovereign debt here . 
  ] ( https://www.globalcreditportal.com/ratingsdirect/renderarticle.do?articleid=1377165&amp;sctartid=288448&amp;from=cm&amp;nsl_code=lime&amp;sourceobjectid=8950072&amp;sourcerevid=2&amp;fee_ind=n&amp;exp_date=20241223-20:52:02 ) hope the link works !, 
  the key factors are : - institutional and governance effectiveness and security risks - economic structure and growth prospects - external liquidity and international investment position - fiscal performance and flexibility as well as debt burden - monetary flexibility fiscal dumping etc has zero impact ... 
   benefiting only from fiscal dumping and legal shadowness ... ) .
