  another example might illustrate better the concerns that london has . 
  imagine a new york based fund buying a mexican stock from an belgian broker ( based in new york but with a permanent address in belgium ) . 
  this transaction would be subject to the ftt and the party deemed to be established in belgium would be the new york based fund . 
  but belgium , absent the compliance of the us , would have no way of enforcing this tax against the new york fund ( which in practice has no real nexus with belgium ) . 
  this tax is thus extremely extraterritorial . 
  would belgium even try and enforce it ? 
  in an equivalent transaction by a uk based fund , the uk fund will be subject to the belgian tax and the uk will be obliged , via the mutual assistance directive , to disclose the transaction . 
  what does the uk do here ? 
  does it disclose the transaction to the belgian tax authorities and thereby lose business to the us ? 
  or does it breach its obligations under the mutual assistance directive ? 
  or does the uk just , at this stage , say enough is enough and we 're out ? 
  the ftt of itself is arguably marginal and london is so strong as a financial centre that is can probably survive !, 
  however , there is only so much interference from brussels that london will stand : just in the last couple of years london has been bullied by brussels in relation to bankers bonuses and short-selling . 
  london is starting to look enviously at new york and singapore . 
  how far is brussels really prepared to push the uk ? 
  if brussels continues to interfere with britain 's best industry , then public opinion will continue to change . 
  already , just on this threat you have seen that / u/g _ morgan , / u/neoliberal and / u/frankeh , all previously euphiles , are starting to lose confidence in the eu project . 
  at this stage are n't we both better off parting ways ? 
  clearly , we want different things . 
  you want a federal union with a strong brussels able to control the member states , i would like a lose collection of friendly nations able to trade easily with each other . 
  parting ways seems our only sensible option . 
  edit - i am not downvoting you !, 
  the branch in new york or london counts as based in germany ( given that deutschebank 's registered office is in germany ) so that tax , under the eu ftt directive , will be payable . 
  however , the tax will not be collected in relation to trades carried out in new york , because the us has indicated that it will not comply in relation to exchange of information . 
  ( the precise position of the us remains uncertain , but the strong likelihood is that the us , singapore and hong kong , which are london 's competitor 's will not comply . ), 
  unfortunately london is ( i understand ) treaty bound in relation to provision of information ( by virtue of being in the eu ) . 
  this means that trades will be structured ( where possible ) to avoid london and go to singapore , new york or hong kong instead . 
  this is why the uk has challenged the ftt - it is likely to impact international finance in the eu . 
  ( there is only one centre of international finance in the eu . ), 
  no , it means that in practice when deutschebank new york branch executes trades in will not pay the financial transactions tax , whereas deutschebank london branch will pay the financial transactions tax . 
  this will obviously put london at a disadvantage as it will be more expensive to do business in london . 
   whether the uk is in the eu or not makes no difference to this tax . 
  actually , it does make a difference . 
  inside the eu , the uk will be required to assist in the collection of this tax , [ via mutual co-operation mechanisms ] ( http://www.kpmg.com/uk/en/services/tax/corporatetax/pages/european-financial-transaction-tax.aspx ) . 
  outside the eu , the uk would not be required to co-operate in this way . 
  certainly , the us and hong kong have both indicated that they will not co-operate . 
  this means that if this tax is passed i will have to start to advise clients to structure certain transactions so as to avoid london . 
  if you want to keep the uk in the eu , you are not going the right way about it !, 
   yeah . 
  the uk legal challenge that was just rejected was never meant to succeed , as far as i understand it . 
  it was merely a way to guarantee that further legal challenges can go ahead further down the line when more specifics about the proposal are known . 
  there is a distinct possibility that the uk does n't need to do anything and that the participating member states end up not being able to come to an agreement themselves . 
  this would be the ideal result for the uk . 
  if the participating member states do end up reaching an agreement , i am not confident of the cjeu finding in favour of the uk . 
   hopefully in a few years merkel will be voted out and someone with some dynamism and vision will replace her . 
  it is hard to envisage a european leader among the current crop of german politicians that will also appeal to the german electorate . 
  as for french leadership ? 
  this is n't looking very promising either !, 
   germany and france have consistently blocked pushes to increase capital adequacy requirements on an eu basis . 
  they are happy for mindless political grandstanding but refuse sensible steps that actually target the problem of overleveraging . 
  i think the uk has more stringent capital adequacy rules than the the eu minimum rules . 
  there 's nothing the uk can do in relation to german and french banks etc though . 
  i also got luxembourg !, 
  apparently i 'd fit into the bon vivant lifestyle . 
   so am i , but ca n't get too chummy with the old enemy it 's partly a question of keeping your enemies closer than you keep your friends ... 
   do you want to be in the same region as france though ? 
  i think that it kinda makes sense for britain and france to be mostly bracketed together in terms of region . 
  not sure what the french would really say about that though ... 
   and a french or an italian would probably group it in the north too . 
  actually , i think the french and the italians differ here . 
  i think french people , like brits , have quite a strong sense of being in western europe and in the same category is the uk . 
  this is mainly for historic reasons and the diplomatic and military alliances that the uk and france have had over the last 100 years . 
  i agree that italians tend to divide europe into north v south , rather than east v west , and put themselves in the south and the uk in the north . 
  in this respect i think italians think like spaniards . 
  i 'm not sure about the portguese : they are very west and very south geographically , but i think the idea of being south is stronger for them ? 
  the dutch people i know have quite a strong sense of being in northen europe and think of the uk as being part of northern europe too . 
  dutch people think that they are in a club with countries like the uk and denmark and that france is not in that club . 
  dutch people feel very offended when brits do n't think they are in northern europe ... 
  i do n't think danes think like this though . 
  for danes , their region is all about scandinavia . 
  danes think that brits are in a different region from them ... 
   in this case it 's total expenditure that 's relevant , not as a percentage of gdp . 
  uk 61b france 58.9 b germany 45.8 b italy 34b spain 11b and all the others including poland are under 10 billion . 
  in some ways you are correct : the value spent on the military is the meaningful statistic . 
  but there is also a difference between those countries that are prepared to use their militaries ( uk , france and poland ) and those that do n't seem to want to use them . 
   but england is to the north of almost every european country except for northern europe itself ... ( and to the south of iceland i guess ) . 
  but the uk is also to the west of almost every european country in terms of geography too . 
  if the uk is not in western europe , which countries are ? 
  it seems odd to think of france , netherlands and ireland being in western europe , but not the uk . 
  culturally and historically , the uk is probably closer to ireland , france and the netherlands than it is to denmark , sweden and norway , though this is up for discusion . 
  if there were a geographic entity called `` north west europe '' , then that would make sense . 
  this entity could include england , scotland , norway , sweden , netherlands , belgium , denmark and luxembourg . 
  the interesting thing about these countries is that they are all monarchies . 
  i guess we would have to include iceland and ireland though , which are not monarchies , but more north and more west than the rest !, 
   england is to the north of europe ... 
  it is also to the west of europe though !, 
  depending on your criteria , you could classify the uk as western europe or northern europe . 
  the british idea of itself tends to be `` western europe '' rather than `` northern europe '' , though this is gradually starting to change . 
  i do n't think there would be a shitstorm if a non eusceptic signed up for a committee but did n't do work . 
  this really does not seem to be a thing that the media are very interested in ( other than me and you and a few others on this sub ! ) . 
  however , the difference might be that the euphile would not be doing what her electorate what . 
  no , counties have free trade agreements with as much of the world as they can . 
  perhaps your country does not trade very much with china ? 
  that would surprise me . 
  the uk wo n't be at the mercy of the eu . 
  the uk is the eu 's biggest export market . 
  it would be crazy for the eu to put up trade barriers with the uk . 
  the uk will have to abide by eu standards when it exports to the eu . 
  but we also have to abide by chinese standards when we export to china . 
  and us standards when we expect to the us .
