  it is an article about tariffs on imports . 
  you are arguing that germany would put tariffs on exports , which makes no sense . 
  no , of course germany would not put tariffs on their own exports . 
  find me a single country in the world that does this . 
  you are not making sense . 
  personally i would not vote for a political party in the uk that wanted tariffs on foreign imports , because i believe in free trade . 
  it sounds like you would happily vote for a government that wanted tariffs ? 
  no , germany does n't give a discount on cars . 
  it wo n't be cameron . 
  the tory backbenchers do not think he is a good negotiator any more . 
  they would put someone else in place . 
  why would they put tariffs on their own exports ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  no country in the world puts tariffs on exports . 
  the uk is in control of its own import tariffs . 
  why would the shipping become more expensive ? 
  yeah , that is like saying england is a successful political union of the heptarchy . 
  i do n't think it necessarily follows that all smaller political entities can successfully join together though - some cultures and histories are less able to mix together . 
  though it is interesting to watch them try !, 
  the problem is n't germany , it is the other countries ... 
  no way he resigns over this . 
  what he did was not illegal and even the labour party are not calling for him to go . 
  the protests are not that large yet . 
  ( most of the protesting seems to be on twitter . ), 
  this is a nightmare . 
  to create this you would have to crush democracy . 
  i think in the long run france and germany would fall out of love with each other . 
  in fact , there is current tension between france and germany within the eu , that is hidden by other countries ( uk , greece , v4 ) having even more tension . 
  france and germany are diverging economically and politically and in the long run this will cause problems . 
  but , we will see !, 
  maybe i am wrong !, 
  yeah , that statement about germany being too big for europe and too small for the world is true . 
  obviously , a theoretical union between uk , germany , netherlands , austria , scandies and ireland would culturally be somewhat easier . 
  germany/austria would be economically somewhat dominant , but uk/ireland would have cultural dominance and other things like military . 
  however , it could not work with a shared currency or schengen area . 
  i just can not see the uk accepting that kind of thing with any country other than ireland . 
  however , for trade and other kinds of collaboration it could work well . 
  why would car prices go up ? 
  germany wants to sell cars to the uk . 
  the good thing about france is that they bring balance . 
  with netherlands , austria , germany and nordics , germany is too dominant even if the cultures and ideologies are more similar , and that would probably create tensions ... 
  cameron does n't need to resign . 
  the conservative party will get rid of him . 
  remember , the rules of the conservative party make it incredibly easy to trigger leadership contests ... 
  this is basically a way of saying you do n't want to be in a union with france  that is okay , we do n't either ... 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  financial services are not in london just because of the london stock exchange . 
  we do n't particularly care which stock exchange stuff gets listed on , that depends on a range of factors , product , issuer , investor preference etc. 
  i advise from london on stuff that gets listed in singapore , luxembourg , dublin , new york , chanel isles etc all the time . 
  finance is global and it is done through london . 
  that does not change on brexit . 
  if eu countries try to penalise their own banks and companies from using london , they are simply going to make it harder and more costly for their own companies to raise finance . 
  they would be cutting themselves off from the global economy . 
  i ca n't get to place de republique tonight , but as a sign of my solidarity with them i will draw something . 
  maybe a cross . 
  on a ballot paper . 
  on election day . 
   no need for war when the walloons will willingly join glorious republic again that kind of thing does n't stop us going to war ... 
   ze plan is working as expected . 
  two hundred years of patience , but we will finally reclaim our old lands . 
  your plan is plain not happening . 
  nobody gets to mess with belgium without going to war with the uk . 
  what exactly is the eu able to do about london banks ? 
  what is the plan ? 
   why should we let a dutch referendum decide what the rest of us can and can not sign with ukraine ? 
  lol , denmark ca n't sign anything with ukraine because denmark is part of the eu ... 
   i do not understand why cameron did not try to negotiate in this area - i could imagine that it is one of the things that the eu would have been less reluctant to give away . 
  no , the eu would not have given it away . 
  the eu has never given away an important part of the acquis . 
  the reason cameron did not try was because a failure would have been obvious . 
  he only negotiated in pointless areas where he knew he could win something . 
  many many people in the conservative party ( who are now campaigning for brexit ) specifically said that the ability to make trade agreements was fundamental for the uk . 
  also , it is n't just free trade agreements , the uk also can not ( for example ) reduce tariffs unilaterally on imports from outside the eu . 
  this also harms the uk 's global trade . 
  for example , even without a trade agreement , the day that the uk leaves the eu it can reduce tariffs on , for example , rice from india . 
  this will make food cheaper in the uk . 
  we do n't even need an agreement with india to do this . 
  we can just do it ourselves . 
  it is insane that we can not do this right now . 
   because the eu was always designed to be ` more ' than just a trade area . 
  yes , and this is exactly the mistake . 
  the eu is connecting trade with political structures , when they do n't need to be connected . 
  the single market would have been a good idea if it stuck to mutual recognition . 
  but it now tries to do too much . 
  does it really make sense for the single market to be telling london how to organise bankers ' bonuses ?!, 
  of course not . 
  and yet this is what the single market does . 
  the uk should of course not just leave the eu , but leave the single market . 
   this is great , but these should be european troops . 
  we ca n't expect the us to do so much in our own continent can we ? 
  thanks for the troops ireland !, 
   what you are talking about only affected the uk . 
  the ems continued to exist , the uk had to drop out ( partially because they fucked up ) . 
  no , the system was fucked up . 
  the uk 's economy was not aligned with the german economy , so it made no sense for them to have currencies that had to be tied together . 
  since then the uk 's currency and the german currency have floated freely which has worked . 
  unfortunately many other countries in the euro have economies which are not aligned to the german economy . 
  they are being fucked up , slowly but surely . 
  it is a car crash happening in slow motion . 
   nobody ever claims that however .
