   ** we had some sort of stability with the gold standard way back in the dim and distant past . 
  it has been forgotten that the gold standard was a rigid standard -- a single currency if you like -- and it caused economies to collapse throughout the world . 
  economies collapsed in this country , germany and the united states , and that probably brought hitler to power . 
  then there was the bretton woods agreement just after the war . 
  that was supposed to bring stability of currencies . 
  that agreement collapsed because it was unsustainable , because money is part of the market force as is everything else . 
  **  then we had the erm . 
  the very same people who are now urging us into a single currency were the very ones who urged us into the erm , with disastrous consequences for this country in the loss of jobs and businesses . 
  ** so there are plenty of precedents that we should observe before we jump too quickly into a single currency . 
  **  ** many who express doubts about emu are described as ignoramuses . 
  in fact , someone said that we were barking mad . 
  i have been in politics a long time and i have a thick enough skin to absorb such barbs as that . 
  so often in this matter of europe the truth is stood on its head . 
  it seems to me that those who wish to embark on an experiment which has never been tried before in history and which , if it fails , will cause economic and financial disaster not only in europe , but throughout the world , are the real crazies . 
  let us make no mistake : it is an experiment and it could be a very dangerous one . 
  **  in my view , it will undermine britain as a sovereign state because it abandons our currency and allows a foreign conglomerate to decide by majority voting our monetary and economic policy and because it is a policy which is irrevocable . 
  the maastricht treaty makes it perfectly clear that the policy is irrevocable and because of that it undermines the very basis of the british constitution . 
  indeed , if anyone had advocated that not so long ago , they would probably have been detained at her majesty 's pleasure under regulation 18b . 
   yet , despite all those things , the chancellor says that there is no constitutional bar to our going into a single currency . 
  but i believe that there is such a bar and that is because maastricht says that the change is irrevocable . 
  it undermines the very basis of our constitution that one parliament may not bind its successor . 
   i believe that the present squeeze on public expenditure has not so much to do with the domestic financial situation and economic position . 
  it is not because we are short of money . 
  in fact , money has been coming in faster than ever before , as far as one can see . 
  the present squeeze is to do with meeting the convergence criteria for entry into a single currency . 
  single mothers , pensioners and others should bear that in mind . 
   ** the economic circumstances within the countries of europe are so different that without a financial transfer mechanism through centralised taxing , which would be redistributive , emu is bound to fail . 
  it can do no other than fail . 
  if we are prepared to tax and have a central distributive system , it might succeed , but if we do not have that , it is bound to fail because there will be no opportunity for the poorer countries , or those within the different cyclical economic positions , to adjust their currencies to take account of the situation . 
  therefore , those countries will stagnate , falling deeper and deeper into depression and then what will people do ? 
  they will be in the streets because there is no mechanism to do other than that . 
  **  unemployment rates are already dangerously high in many parts of europe , including germany , france and spain . 
  if monetary policy were tightened , those countries would find themselves in an even worse position . 
  what suits one country does not suit another . 
  if we have a rigid system without redistribution , then only disaster can follow . 
   i believe that far from going further into emu , it would be better for us to co-operate with a much wider range of countries . 
  we have our own commonwealth . 
  there is the united states and canada and the whole wide world . 
  growth rates show quite clearly that europe is stagnating while the united states and the united kingdom itself are having higher growth rates than the rest of europe . 
   therefore , i believe that this amendment has been useful in providing the opportunity for the committee further to discuss this matter . 
  ** i sincerely hope that there will be other opportunities to discuss it because i believe that at this stage we should move with less haste than some of the countries of europe want us to . 
  we shall do far better to consider the matter at much greater leisure . 
   and thus we come full circle to what some , like the british , knew all along since the early 90s . 
  there can be no effective currency union without fiscal union , no common currency without wealth transfer . 
  it was an endless debate in the house of commons in the years leading up to the formation of the eurozone - and the reason the uk is not using the euro , obviously . 
  over the last few days , i have been reading the house of commons debates on economic and monetary union . 
  this is taking me a lot longer than i thought , as the debates and arguments were over a period of several years , extremely angry and emotional , and regularly lasted well into the night !, 
  you can say what you like about the british eusceptics , but everything that they predicted about monetary union turned out to be true . 
  ( this is one of the reasons why i think people would do well to listen to them now , when discussing the reforms that the eu needs , and whether or not it makes sense for the uk to even be in the eu . 
  we really should not be afraid of a vigorous debate , instead , we should encourage it . ), 
  [ if you are interested , i can link you to some of the more interesting debates . 
  in the meantime , here is something that i read yesterday . 
  ] ( https://ua.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3bqzoi/11_things_about_the_greek_crisis_you_need_to_know/csp05u0 ), 
   are n't the polish immigrants in the uk generally considered hard working , well integrated , speak the language and all things considered a big plus for the society ? 
  yes . 
  it is one of the most confusing things about the uk immigration debate . 
  everyone loves immigrants . 
  everyone hates immigration . 
   everyone talks about grexit and brexit . 
  everyone tells us what will happen if they exit or not exit . 
  everyone tells us how prepared everyone is . 
  and from behind comes austria ... `` excuse me guys . 
  we will leave the eu now . 
  it was kind of funny . 
  i think this is one of those circumstances in which the german has a better sense of humour than the austrian . . 
   i 've never understood the british ( english ? ), 
  opposition to id cards . 
  they 're not necessary for anything . 
  what 's the point of having to have something if there is no need for it ? 
  separately , opposition to identity cards is not a specific british thing . 
  [ liberty in their 2005 paper ] ( https://www.liberty-human-rights.org.uk/sites/default/files/id-card-2nd-reading-lords.pdf ) noted that no common law country had compulsory id cards and then ( at paragraph 5 ) explained why uk constitutional special reasons why they would be inappropriate in the uk . 
  do you think that the reurozone is going to write off some of the greek debt ? 
  to me it seems as if they are not very close to that ... 
   i never understood why you guys like go there and not in south italy in retirement . 
  the weather and the sea is just the same . 
  i think spain just markets itself in a slightly better way than italy does for british pensioners . 
  we have had decades of package holidays to spanish beaches and now we get on our tvs all day programmes about how to buy villas in spain and we just do n't get that about italy . 
  also , i think british people have some funny and misguided ideas of spain and italy in our heads . 
  when they think of spain , we think of a relaxed fun holiday place , like a 24 hour party , full of permanent sangria and paella . 
  differently , when we think of italy , we tend to think more about cultural things , like history of art and opera . 
  which kind of a place is a brit more likely to want to retire too , the fun place or the cultural place ? 
  also , for some reason a lot of british people believe that they can learn spanish , but do n't believe that they can learn italian , despite the languages being about the same in terms of difficulty for a brit . 
  of course , when they arrive in spain they immediately give up on the idea of learning spanish ... 
   i wonder if this will shake up the ez leaders and goad them into action or if they persist to pretend nothing needs to be done . 
  what action can they actually take ? 
  i ca n't think of any that looks realistic ... 
   aaaaand that 's what you get for calling in the imf and writing them into all your bailout treaties , despite the fact all these issues are completely internal to the eu and the eurozone ( the latter of which prevents a country being a full sovereign , defeating the methods of imf involvement ) . 
  on reflection it made no sense to involve the imf . 
  the eurozone should have been able to sort out this issue itself . 
   so , what is really being suggested is that european taxpayers and other debt holders have to not only give greece additional debt relief , after the largest ever sovereign bailout , but also indirectly pay the imf . 
  makes sense . 
  the imf is the senior creditor . 
  also , the imf includes shareholders who are considerably poorer than the eurozone . 
  the should get paid back by the eurozone in full . 
   the rest of europe is more or less wishy-washy on stuff . 
  this was what thatcher thought too . 
  '' [ they 're a weak lot some of them in europe you know . 
  weak . 
  feeble . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-0wyakzmxk ) '',
