  we strongly support the eu ( just not our own membership of the eu ) . 
  we also strongly support turkish membership of the eu . 
  having the rest of the europe in one bloc makes it much easier for the uk to do deals with . 
  if le pen wins , there wo n't be any eu left for us to negotiate with and there will likely be economic chaos in the europe . 
  this will have bad consequences for the uk economy . 
   will the parliament let her do that ? 
  i doubt it . 
  yes , parliament will let her do it . 
  first vote from house of commons is today . 
  it will pass . 
  london 's best outcome is fillon . 
  is n't there a chance that bayrou ends up taking votes away from macron rather than fillon ? 
  yes, 
  in our system you can easily get on the ballot , it is harder to get into parliament ... 
  more people regret voting remain than regret voting leave . 
  but even among those who do n't regret voting remain , most still think we should leave , given the result . 
  i tried to read up about dutch politics the other day , seems like you have loads more new parties for things like animal rights or old people rights etc etc. 
  your next government will be a coalition of tonnes of parties ... 
  just use undemocratic measures then ? 
  problem solved . 
  there already is a great language that is a mix of french and german , which people use to be more united ... 
  ( ii ) does not seem to have happened . 
  if anything latest polling shows that brexit is getting more popular . 
  wow the first part of that headline was scary ... 
  you call that a tough line ?!, 
  amateurs !, 
  we are literally threatening to become a tax haven , do free trade deals with usa and so forth and there will be a lot more to come !, 
  more seriously , one thing the uk has been quiet about is fishing . 
  ( i suspect that the uk is prepared to negotiate with the eu on fishing . ), 
   i thought she had spoken in favour of the eu in the past , specifically in regard to its role in preventing any more conflicts in europe . 
  she has only done this in speeches written by the government ( at times when the government was campaigning for remain ) . 
  she has not done this in speeches written by herself . 
  no worries !, 
   any idea why she supposedly favoured brexit ? 
  the guardian article does n't say anything about it . 
  nobody knows for certain as she does not express herself politically . 
  however , we do know that people of her generation who experienced the second world war overwhelmingly voted for brexit . 
  we also know from her actions that one of the queen 's main focuses for the last several decades has been on the commonwealth ( despite most uk governments ignoring the commonwealth and focusing on europe and actually trying to stop the queen focus so much on the commonwealth ) . 
  the queen is head of the commonwealth separately from being queen of the uk . 
  she also speaks regularly at christmas ( a speech that is not written by the government ) about the commonwealth family . 
  i suspect that she is worried that the uk being in the eu undermines the commonwealth . 
  but this is speculation ... 
   did the queen expressed her personal opinion on brexit ? 
  she did not express her personal opinion on it publicly . 
  [ there are rumours from credible journalists that she is in favour of brexit ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/dec/26/queen-did-back-brexit-run-up-to-referendum-laura-kuenssberg ) ( and that would not be surprising , given what we know about her ) . 
   or just that she will follow the will of the people and the parliament ? 
  the last time a monarch in the uk did not give royal assent to legislation was in 1708 and [ it is now a constitutional convention that the monarch gives royal assent . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitutional_conventions_of_the_united_kingdom ) if she does not give her royal assent , we will have our biggest constitutional crisis since henry viii brexited from the catholic church ... 
   the next uk government will come knocking anyway the next uk government is going to be a conservative government again . 
  your friend corbyn turned out not to be popular with the electorate ... 
   yeah that 's because that country is ridiculous , the eu is pretty much pro trade that 's great , i am glad you are so keen to do a free trade agreement with the uk . 
  [ the full debate is here so far . 
  ] ( https://hansard.parliament.uk/commons/2017-01-31/debates/c2852e15-21d3-4f03-b8c3-f7e05f2276b0/europeanunion ( notificationofwithdrawal ) bill ) i personally agree that the time to have all the debates was before the referendum . 
  once the referendum happened , i guess most mps realised that debating leaving or not is now pointless . 
  i think things might have been different if ( i ) uk economy had gone into recession or ( ii ) public opinion had changed , but neither of these things has happened . 
  i think the electoral college is one of the problems , but i think there are some other us cultural problems too . 
  however , i think we need to wait and see what the consequences are in terms of us jobs and us economic growth first . 
  and also see how well things like nato hold up ( which for me is the most important thing ) . 
  my guess is that if anything markets respond somewhat positively , because there will be a little more certainty . 
  but i think may is deliberately dropping lots of hints in advance , to avoid surprise . 
  speaking of which , i know that i need to respond to the terms of your bet . 
  i was too drunk when i first read the terms , but currently i have no excuses !, 
   but nost people on the continent love the british . 
  and we love you too ( in our own funny way ) . 
  we will end up liking each other more once we are not in a union together . 
  actually , the debate is not as much fun as it could have been . 
  it is kind of ironic that the house of commons has been arguing non-stop about `` what to do about europe '' for the last several centuries and some of those debates have been fantastic . 
  but in this one a lot of people seem to be in acceptance mode rather than debate mode . 
  the only certainty is that these debates will continue forever , so make sure you have a lot of popcorn even if you do n't finish it this time . 
   it will be a `` fun '' day for the markets , both sides will take a hit markets never get hit by things they know about in advance . 
  this is already priced in . 
  [ there will be a vote tomorrow and also a vote on 8 february . 
  ] ( http://services.parliament.uk/bills/2016-17/europeanunionnotificationofwithdrawal/stages.html ) you need the popcorn right now because this minute in hoc they are currently doing the grilling . 
  you can watch it live on various places on the internet . 
   other people , politicians and movements are ( trying ) to ride the waves of his ` popularity ' and seek more long-term power from it . 
  and the question is how that will play out . 
  one thing that is interesting is that the uk looks like it is managing to brexit without populists being in power . 
  instead it is the same old tories as we have had for the last three hundred years . 
  also , while perhaps there is a bit of a wave of anger , it is probably good for our politicians in all our countries to face up to some big mistakes ( e.g. 
  financial crisis ) and work out how to deal with them . 
  i think a lot of people in the uk are slightly revising our opinions of us democracy . 
  we had thought us institutions and culture would stop trump coming to power . 
  we now have to rethink those opinions . 
  we will just have to see how things play out in the us and currently it does not look very certain . 
  i think in the long run people will calm down and we will all still be friends , especially with portugal , 
   just the mere idea of brexit has caused business to flee the uk there has been huge inward investment into the uk since the referendum . 
   you can not have a free flow of capital without the ability for people to move and follow that capital for employment . 
  you can have free movement of capital without free movement of people . 
  the uk will allow capital to move freely into the uk and freely out of the uk . 
  trump is not good for free trade generally , but he will be good for free trade in relation to the uk . 
  not him personally , but there are enough republicans in congress and the senate for it to be helpful . 
  trump is just a passing thing . 
  brexit is forever . 
  uk and usa free trade agreement and relations will outlast trump . 
   the uk outside of the eu means an end to free flow of capital it does n't mean that . 
  the uk is not going to put any barriers on capital flows . 
  is the eu going to add any barriers ? 
  why would they put barriers to capital flows to their financial centre ? 
  i might join this even though i am completely opposed to it . 
  ( i think it will be helpful and realistic for you to have to deal with aggressive anglo-opposition . ),
