   but it also shows that the largest uk banking institution will not be happy to follow the type of regulation you mention . 
  it does n't quite show this as their public statements have always been that they want to increase their capital . 
  and , also , the point of regulation is that they do n't get a choice . 
   ah yes . 
  i forgot it 's again the eu 's fault . 
  silly me :p it is not really about fault it is about wanting different things . 
  that is why brexit is happening . 
  uk and eu do not want the same things . 
   how come ? 
  you claim that boe wants higher capital standards for systemic banks . 
  barclays is a systemic bank and does n't even respect current tier 1 conditions . 
  the fact that an institution does not comply with a regulation is not of itself a reason not to have a regulation . 
   ah so you agree that boe is n't doing enough . 
  okay cool . 
  not only this , it is also the case that the boe is limited by what it can do to the extent the uk remains in the single market . 
   uhm ... no ... no it 's not . 
  boe cuts some capital requirements following brexit personally i think this was a mistake by carney . 
  however , it does not change the long-term position that uk institutions want to be able to increase capital requirements on banks in the uk . 
   here 's british economist joh vickers criticising boe for not fully implementing capital requirements . 
  vickers is criticising boe for not implementing the capital requirements that vickers proposed . 
  vickers wants the uk to have higher capital requirements than the eu requires . 
  i agree with him . 
  the vickers position essentially supports my view . 
   out of the major banks , only barclays is in the red in the last eu stress test . 
  how about practing what you claim the boe is preaching ? 
  this does not change my position . 
   my point here being solely that , as a long term strategy , betting on the development of another block may be useful ... not so much as an alternative , as you really ca n't compare both . 
  but at the very least for added leverage in potential negotiations . 
  really interesting post , thanks . 
  you are completely right . 
  in a globalised world it does not make sense to tie yourself to just one bloc . 
  it makes sense to have close links with as many blocs as possible and have good links with as many democracies as possible wherever they are in the world . 
  as a long-term strategy portugal must maintain strong links with the lusosphere just as the uk must maintain strong links with the anglosphere . 
  portugal , through out its history has been a nation that looked out across the oceans rather than looking at the european continent . 
  portugal can potentially have a great future , you just need to believe in it and take control of it . 
  outsourcing portuguese future to brussels would in my view be a disaster for your country . 
  how much does brussels really care about you ? 
  leaving the euro will be painful temporarily , staying in will be painful permanently . 
   well denmark and other countries are part of the single market and not the euro . 
  denmark got an opt-out in advance . 
  portugal did n't . 
  portugal can only leave the eurozone if the treaties are changed and this seems to be impossible now . 
  but we will see . 
  portugal should definitely ask for it . 
   well that all depends of the uk , ( lets be real ) portugal is too small for the uk to care that much , but i know portuguese politics allways see with good eyes better economic relationship with the uk . 
  uk currently needs some new friends and to remember some old friends . 
  it is in the uk 's interest for portugal to succeed economically . 
   what specific part of the 2013 banking directive ( i assume thats the one you 're refering to ) would enable the uk to apply higher capital standards than they already can ? 
  crdiv and crr do not allow the uk to apply higher capital standards . 
  i want the uk to be able to apply higher capital standards and therefore i think the uk should leave the eu and not stay within the single market . 
  the uk can comply with basel iii ( which does not have the force of law ) by requiring uk banks to have higher capital requirements than the minimum set out in basel iii . 
   why would the uk want higher capital requirements ? 
  the main reason is because uk wants the uk financial system to be safe . 
  the uk has a lot to lose in the event of collapse of the financial system because it is such a dominant part of the uk economy . 
  the uk is home to banks from all over the world and this has both benefits and risks . 
  higher capital standards reduce those risks . 
  there is a secondary reason that if the uk banking system is perceived as more highly capitalised than the eu banking system , the uk banking system will be more perceived as more attractive to counterparties and therefore perform better . 
  i agree it is really complicated and there is no easy way out . 
  it is also a sad situation for portugal and portuguese people . 
  currently the plan seems to be just wait and hope . 
  that plan can not last forever . 
  i think there is a big difference in the feeling of the population . 
  italians are quite angry about euro , germany right now and even starting to be distrustful of eu . 
  spaniards are not . 
   becouse italy and spain are a blocking minority ? 
  in the past we never really had the motivation to team up but the music is changing . 
  i agree that the mood music is changing in italy . 
  i do n't think it is changing in spain though . 
  just because i have expertise does not mean i am correct . 
  arguments stand and fall on their own merits , not on the nature of the person making them . 
   but capital requirements for banks - those are governed by the bcbs ' basel accords . 
  not quite . 
  bcbs accords do not have the force of law . 
  the relevant laws that the uk has to comply with are eu directives ( which are not just a copy and paste of the bcbs accords , but have substantially different provisions ) . 
  the uk can comply with bcbs outside of the relevant eu law . 
   would n't lower capital requirements be a competitive advantage ? 
  sort of but not completely . 
  there is a view that if a particular bank ( or a particular nation 's banking sector as a whole ) is more highly capitalised than others , then it is a safer counterparty or part of a safer and stronger financial system . 
  this perception is a competitive advantage and is the main reason why the french banking sector did not want the uk regulators to be able to require uk banks to have higher capital standards than eu standards . 
  moreover , while the uk financial system has an interest in competitive regulation , it also has a stronger interest in safe regulation . 
  in the event of a banking crisis , the uk suffers more than france because of our very different economies . 
  it is a bit more complicated than this , because the uk would also want to lower capital standards for so-called challenger banks ( that are not systemically significant and did not pose a risk to the financial system as a whole ) . 
  the ability of smaller newer banks to enter the market on the basis of capital standards more appropriate to their size would , in my view , make the system as a whole more competitive . 
  the shape of our financial systems are also quite different : the uk is less reliant on banks as a source of financing compared to continental europe . 
  the uk has deeper and more sophisticated capital markets . 
  the uk and the eurozone have fundamentally different interests in financial regulation . 
  the uk needs a regulatory system for a global financial centre in which safety is paramount , but innovation is also encouraged ( e.g. 
  fintech ) . 
  the eurozone needs a financial regulation system in which the eurozone is protected and eurozone banks can continue to operate within their fragile economies . 
  thanks , that is really really interesting and perhaps you are correct about this . 
   i see as inevitable that portugal will leave the euro , as staying using the euro , will only block growth . 
  how long will the portuguese accept no growth ? 
  seems like italy , greece , portugal have already accepted this situation for about a decade . 
  the tragedy is that it seems like they will accept it for another decade . 
   but being anti-eu and anti-euro are 2 different things . 
  personally i think that the eu and the euro are not really two different things , because the eu does not accept that bits of the acquis can be rolled back . 
  i think the reality is that if portugal leaves the euro , they also leave the eu . 
  but perhaps it makes sense as a political tactic to try and separate the two . 
  anyway , this is all really interesting and from my side of the anglo-portuguese alliance i hope that the uk can stand by portugal next time you need us . 
   reality is that leaving the euro would cause much more immediate damage were portugal to be the one pulling the lever first .
