  the legatum institute pushed for uk to leave customs union and the single market and they are hugely influential in the tory party . 
  so i have some hope that they will get their way . 
  also , the uk does not have a very large farming lobby compared to some countries . 
  i am not convinced that theresa may is really a strong believer in free trade , but i think enough of the tory party is . 
  the famine in ireland had really got going by 1845 . 
   back to mercantilism boys . 
  / u/dickbutts3000 has pointed out why free trade does n't work . 
  those of us who believe in free trade really have our work cut out ... 
  i 'm sorry but it was the protectionist corn laws that were one of the contributing factors to the irish famine . 
  they kept grain prices in ireland artificially high . 
  removal of the corn laws meant that prices of grain went down . 
  i urge you to read some history on this . 
   no , we are talking about prices for goods in one country , with the end price being similar across ranges regardless of the country of origin of the product . 
  the reason why meat is more expensive in the uk compared to australia is because of tariffs . 
  the uk imposes tariffs on australian meat . 
  we should remove them . 
   the sector has consolidated massively since the 1980s , with perhaps one quarter as many farms in operation now versus ' 84 . 
  the farming sector has also diversified significantly : the number of sheep is down by over 50 % , the number of vineyards has increased sixfold . 
  yes , once subsidies are removed , it became more efficient . 
  this is a good thing . 
  we should learn from new zealand . 
   the nz government did help farmers to either quit the industry or redesign their business plans - it was n't just a removal of subsidies and ` sink or swim ' . 
  the uk can also do this . 
   when were the corn laws repealed ? 
  1846 when the free traders came to power and the famine started to kill people in ireland . 
  removing the corn laws did not cause any deaths in ireland whatsoever . 
   the free traders thought that restricting food exports from ireland during a famine was too much because it would distort free trade . 
  not really . 
  the free traders thought that the uk should not restrict the import of corn into the uk . 
   what has austria got to do with anything ? 
  we are talking about the uk and there being no price difference between meats of different origins . 
  we are talking about global food prices . 
  this means food prices around the globe . 
   my question was whether you consider hormone usage in beef production an acceptable risk , but never mind . 
  i think this very much depends on the type of hormone involved , but to the extent that there is scientific evidence showing that it does cause harm i would prohibit it . 
   yeah , but farmers vote and big cattle farmers tend to support your party farmers are actually a very small part of the uk electorate as a whole . 
  the free trade advocates within the tory party are a dominant force right now . 
   there 'll have to be something to replace the farm payments from brussels , at least in the short term , otherwise the uk farming sector will likely collapse . 
  when new zealand removed its subsidies overnight , their farming sector did not collapse , but became more efficient . 
  i would probably be in favour of the uk removing subsidies over a phased period of five years , but the aim should obviously be to remove subsidies as soon as possible . 
   there 's no difference in price between brazilian , irish or british beef , the only difference being the profit margins for the supermarkets . 
  have you been to a supermarket in australia ? 
  prices are lower because they do n't impose tariffs . 
   the tariff on beef is about 12 % iirc , but your domestic producers wo n't want it done away with completely , obviously , domestic producers want to keep tariffs to protect them from overseas competition . 
  that of itself is not an argument for tariffs . 
  as a consumer , i would like the tariff to be removed completely . 
   so i 'd expect it to settle around 8 % unless the uk devises some subsidy mechanism for cattle farmers . 
  as a tax-payer i am against subsidising inefficient economic sectors . 
   you still have n't answer my question . 
  i actually do not know how much higher uk beef prices currently are compared to global beef prices , but if the uk allows beef to come to the uk without tariffs , then the price of beef in the uk will reflect global beef prices . 
   how much cheaper do you expect it will be ? 
  food prices in the eu are approximately 15 % higher than global food prices . 
  if the uk removed tariffs , we would see a significant reduction in prices in the uk . 
  that is the fantastic thing about brexit - cheaper prices for consumers and more free trade . 
   https://ec.europa.eu/food/safety/chemical_safety/meat_hormones_en many thanks . 
   there was a british experiment with free trade in the mid 1800s . 
  they used ireland as the testing ground for it . 
  half the population died or emigrated because of it . 
  actually , ireland was the testing ground against free trade . 
  the corn laws were laws which imposed tariffs on corn , keeping prices high . 
  without the corn laws , prices would have been lower , which would have significantly helped the irish . 
   that 's what you 'll find currently on the shelves in many eu countries . 
  brazil is already a major exporter to the eu . 
  once the uk leaves the eu and reduces tariffs , we will be able to get cheaper brazilian beef , which is fantastic for british consumers . 
   do you think the use of growth hormones in beef production is an acceptable risk ? 
  if you think it is a risk , please show me the evidence . 
  this is an entirely separate thing from reducing tariffs though . 
   more brazilian beef implies greater consumption of growth hormones citation needed . 
  if you think brazilian beef is dangerous , you should simply argue that it should be prohibited in its entirety in the uk . 
  is that your position ? 
   i do n't know the products with high tariffs and the products with low ones , but i 'm sure that areas that are fragile like agriculture need protection in order to exist . 
  the uk does not need to have a beef sector any more than it needs a banana sector . 
  just as we can import bananas happily , we can also do this with beef . 
  i do not believe in protecting agriculture in the uk . 
  ( note that the uk has a different relationship with agriculture compared to most of europe - even during the war in which hitler was literally trying to starve us we never thought that we needed an agricultural sector in the long term ) . 
   lawyers have less foreign competition simply due to the language barrier . 
  that is a bit more true in the netherlands than the uk . 
  there are millions of people around the world who speak english fluently ...  losing that perspective will almost certainly make society lose its connection with its food . 
  we are british . 
  we do n't have a connection with food . 
  our national dish is chicken tikka masala for goodness sake !, 
   more like the farm that their ancestors worked so hard on to vanish , most of those farms vanished 200 years ago though . 
  we did n't mind then . 
  why would we mind when the rest vanish ? 
  no , i am excited about the increased possibilities that free trade bring . 
  i realise that most people on this thread are in favour of protectionism , but i am not . 
   sure it is , but i felt the need to make a suggestion about what you think based upon sweet fuck all . 
  i am making a point that we should reduce tariffs on brazilian beef in the interests of free trade , free markets and consumers . 
  you are making an unrelated point about growth hormones . 
  if you do n't want to discuss the points i am making , no need to respond to my posts with unrelated points . 
   that lead to a flight of jobs to low wage countries . 
  i do not believe that this is a zero sum game . 
  there is not some finite number of jobs in the world . 
  by reducing tariffs i think we can both ensure greater employment in low wage countries and in high wage countries . 
  in essence , i disagree with donald trump . 
   tariffs are specifically there to protect domestic jobs that would otherwise move overseas and to keep large quantity 's of certain products to flood the market to prevent over saturation . 
  no , tariffs protect domestic industries or companies , but not jobs . 
  i am not in favour of trying to protect particular companies . 
  i do n't agree with over saturation . 
  there is only so much beef we british can eat after all .
