   how delusional can you get where is the delusion ? 
   it 's debatable like i said . 
  if you think it is debateable , please debtate why you think the ability of citizens to get porn via the internet without opting out is a universal freedom ? 
   currently i do n't see a big problem here , but it 's a very slippery slope . 
  currently it 's opt-out , then it 's even harder to opt-out , then it 's not opt-out anymore . 
  i find this slippery slope argument a bit of a fallacy . 
  let 's debate what the current position is , rather than some pretend position . 
  it seems odd that you think a government should not have the power to make this decision . 
   i disagree . 
  certain freedoms should be universal and enforced . 
  even if you take the view that certain freedoms are universal , the question of opt in or opt out porn filters is surely not one of those freedoms that you think of a universal ? 
  i think the media in the uk with regards to the eu is divided ( which is what you would expect in a liberal democracy with a free press ) . 
   no , it 's certainly not obvious . 
  you can very easily make a claim that it limits the citizen 's freedoms . 
  i do n't think it does limit citizens freedoms . 
  however , the question over the extent that citizens ' freedoms should be limited is best decided by national governments elected by a peoples subject to a nation 's courts . 
  if you remove this power from a national government , democracy is weaked which is a regrettable outcome . 
  whether or not it is targetted at the uk is not relevant . 
  the people that should decide what legislation applies to porn filters in the uk is the british government , elected by the british people . 
  this how democracies should function : governments that are close to the people should make laws that impact the people and then if the people do n't like those laws they can get rid of the government and put in place a new government . 
  for democracy to work well , governments must be accountable . 
  government accountability does not work well at european level . 
   things do n't look good but it 's too soon to say . 
  we 've already seen what has happened with greece . 
  the greek crisis has lasted since 2009 . 
  by any measure , it has already been a failure . 
   especially since britain imposed austerity of its own volition on its citizens even without being required by the too rigid euro framework austerity in the uk was significantly less than austerity imposed by the fiscal compact . 
  the uk has reduced its budget deficit , but much slower than it would have had to have done if it has signed up to the fiscal compact . 
   the fact that the euro also had some problematic aspects was more coincidence than anything else ... 
  the exact problems that the euro is facing were discussed in the british parliament in the 90s , during the maastricht negotiations . 
  this is unsurprising because britain had experienced the exact same problem that peripheral eurozone is currently experiencing , of being tied to a currency it could not keep up with in the 90s . 
   please remember that you , the people of the uk , choose to be in this union . 
  that 's where the eu gets its power . 
  and , hopefully , we will choose to leave . 
  even if we stay it remains the case that it is nonsensical that the uk should not be able to enact specific laws relating to porn filters if that is what the government elected by the british people want . 
  why should this decision be made further away from the people rather than closer to them ? 
  democracy is underminded if we remove this power from our national government . 
  if a government can not make decisions like this , what is the point of them ? 
   true , but britain seems to be lacking in it too . 
  britain 's democracy is an old democracy and has withstood multiple crises . 
  that is not to say that the british constitutional arrangements are perfect . 
  however , the british constitution is a flexible thing that has been able to evolve to fit its needs . 
  the eu has failed at it its first major crises . 
  on something like porn filters it might be the case that different people have different ideas about what that legislation should look like . 
  it is absurd to think that the entire eu should have the same legislation here . 
  it does not make sense for this to be a competence of the eu . 
  this kind of decision should be taken as closely to the people as possible and that is not the eu . 
   that 's kind of the thing that strikes me : eurosceptics are against the eu due to its lack of democratic legitimacy but also resist making it more democratic . 
  farage is a prime example of it . 
  for a democracy to work effectively it is not sufficient to simply create institutions . 
  democracy is something deeper than that , it relies on a peoples having a sufficently shared identity that they want to suffer common governance , it relies on an aggressive and free media scrutinising the actions of government holding it to account and it relies on the peoples feeling sufficiently close to the government that they can understand what it is doing and why it is doing it . 
  however much you change the european institutions , democracy will not work well on a european level because it is missing the other crucial factors . 
   this is a question of media freedom and net neutrality , not some weird british inferiority complex . 
  on something like porn filters , if the british parliament enacts legislation on what they should look like , then this law should be in place in the uk . 
  if the british people do n't like that law , they can elect a government to change that law . 
  this is how democracy ought to function . 
  governments should be answerable to the people for their decisions and governments should not be too remote from the people . 
   if your government wants to tackle such matters , i believe it should be done at least with a referendum . 
  i 'm not aware of anyone wanting a referendum on porn filters in the uk . 
  however , if this is something that people did want , then i would have no problem with that referendum . 
   but more personal freedoms/human rights for the citizens ai n't one . 
  in a democracy the question over the way human rights should be organised is primarily a matter for our elected representatives and our judges . 
  the uk should not be afraid of deciding for itself how rights should be organised and implemented . 
   got ta go with / u/xnicolex here , you 're trying too hard :p no , this is a question for national democracy . 
  this decision should be made by the uk 's parliament . 
  it should not be made remotely from the british people , otherwise democracy is undermined . 
  i just do n't think the dutch people have unlimited patience for bullshit . 
  maybe you have more patience than us brits , but at some stage you are going to get sick of it . 
   nothing that ca n't be fixed though , imagine all the good things we can do with these billions we squander on those useless institutions every year . 
  if we brits vote to leave , the eu will be forced to rethink . 
  surely it wo n't be able to carry on as it currently is ? 
  why on earth should it be the eu that decides porn filters rather than the uk ? 
   damn eu limiting british freedums !, 
  brexit when ? 
  the question of porn filters is obviously a question which should be decided by national democracies rather than the eu . 
  it is absurd that the eu should meddle in this kind of thing . 
  which , is a reason to leave the eu . 
  his speech , in selecting a government , did not appear to give primacy to the will of the people . 
  it seemed from his speech that other considerations were what influenced him . 
  in general it is good for elected politicians to be honest and say their true feelings , i agree . 
  however , in a democracy , the ultimate choice of who governs must come from the people . 
  while i do n't pretend to know much about the portguese constitution or the role of the president , surely his duty in selecting a government is to give primacy to the will of the people , rather than signals to markets and so forth ? 
   the president assigned the government to the party that had the most votes . 
  why is that so weird for foreigners ? 
  for me the bit which was most worrying was not so much that he is giving the party that won the most votes the first chance to form a government ( which i agree , is normal in parliamentary democracies ) but what he said while doing so . 
   any nordic country except greenland or canada , australia , nz . 
  canada , australia and nz can into nordics ? 
  they are pretty rare . 
  never let grey squirrels in !, 
  once in , you ca n't get rid of them !, 
   africa 's development is screwed by rampant corruption in most of the place . 
  it is true that africa suffers from corruption . 
  this is still not a reason for us to impose tariffs . 
  once we leave the eu , we can remove tariffs . 
   unless you buy diamonds i do n't see much that people want from africa to be blunt . 
  we do n't know what africa 's future industries will be , however it would be absurd for the uk to ignore this part of the world . 
  it is both in our interests and their interests to trade with them . 
  it would be a colossal mistake for the uk to continue to impose tariffs on africa . 
  this is also massively immoral and inhibits africa 's development . 
   why do we need to partner with africa .
