  this is the approach that i personally will take . 
  however , most people can vote on this by reading party summaries , watching debates , discussing with their friends , researching the issues etc. 
  after all , scotland were able to vote on independence . 
  ( that would have involved multiple more issues than any eu renegotiation for the uk . ), 
   despite the imposition of trade barriers what imposition of trade barriers ? 
  i do n't think that would happen . 
   and the exclusion of the uk from the rest of europe what `` exclusion '' ? 
  the eu is going to want to keep selling stuff to the uk right ? 
  what are you going to do about ireland ?!, 
   which many banks have already threatened would cause them to leave london -- the last one was hsbc . 
  and where did they threaten to go ? 
  turns out being in the single market is not that important for them ... 
   er , the tory party is loudly pro-eu are you being serious ? 
  the tory party is significantly less pro-eu than labour or the libdems . 
  look at their record : - maggie 's rebate - maggie 's bruges speech - the bastards keeping the uk out of the euro - the bastards keeping the uk out of schengen - multiple rebellions on the tory benches in the last parliament over europe - dave vetoing the fiscal compact - dave voting against juncker - dave pulling out of the epp - dave organsing a reduction in the eu budget - dave organising a referendum - multiple tories openly saying they would be prepared to vote out ...  i guess ukip losing hit you harder than you expected ? 
  i 'm frankly not that interested in ukip . 
  i am interested in a brexit . 
  this ca n't happen with ukip . 
  it can only happen with the tories . 
  as it happened , ukip 's increase in share of the votes was phenomenal . 
   sounds like somebody 's doing some mental gymnastics !, 
  the tory party will be . 
  there are huge amounts of eusceptic tory backbenchers . 
  it is going to very interesting to watch them . 
  their demands will be impossible . 
  john redwood is already making them on tv . 
   voting for a party that 's against leaving the eu is a strange way of showing support for leaving the eu !, 
  we 'll see where the conservatives get with the renegotiation , obviously , the conservatives are very clear that they are `` against ever closer union '' . 
  sounds like the british public are against it too . 
   this is easy to say . 
  the people need to be able to make an informed decision , and in the eu treaty context i have my doubts if that is even possible . 
  this would be a justification not to allow people to vote at all . 
  the things that a government does are incredibly complex . 
  if we allow people to vote on governments , they can also vote on other complex things too . 
   paris and frankfurt have been wanting to be the financial centre of europe for a while and the moment britain leaves the germans and french will jump on that like ants on ice cream imo . 
  after a brexit , london is going to stay the financial centre of europe for the exact same reason that english is going to stay the lingua franca between france and germany . 
  they ca n't even decide among themselves whether it should be paris or frankfurt . 
  this is not how you create a financial centre ... 
   i assume you 've seen the wizard of oz lib dem analogy floating around - the lib dems will give a brain to labour and a heart to the tories . 
  this does n't mean we do n't have our own instinct when it comes to small government or personal freedom , but it does mean that we 're offering something the two main parties do n't already have . 
  you okay hun ? 
   the talk of pissing off english voters seems entirely fabricated by the media . 
  most polling suggests labour voters wish they could vote for the snp rather than being angry about getting into bed with them . 
  the core voters likely to be angry are not people who will ever vote labour . 
  you okay hun ? 
   the conservative party are pro-eu and that 's on the record . 
  when the referendum comes around the cons will be campaigning to stay in . 
  some will , some wo n't . 
  we 'll see how the renegotiation goes i guess . 
   do n't you think the political fringes get fended of either by centrist coalitions , due to often having their stance diluted trough compromise or by electoral treshholds ? 
  i stayed up all night watching the election and am now too tired to answer this !, 
   i mean the 3 parties with a large number of seats that have stayed the same for ages . 
  the guys that put their votes on tons and tons of issues not just an eu referendum or uk immigration but more often then not on things that have nothing to do with whatever this oh so successful pressure group is pushing for . 
  the pro-eu parties did the worst , especially the libdems and also labour . 
  the eu-sceptic parties did best . 
  not that many people put their votes on the things that the libdems stood for . 
  sucks to be them i guess . 
   there 's no political diversity or change as far as mainstream parties goes . 
  we 're about to see some massive changes that will impact the whole of the eu . 
  this is a very successul pressure group . 
   my point is that you ca n't deflect criticism about your way of democracy by saying `` because culture '' because it simply dilutes the whole argument . 
  everybody on this thread is criticising uk democracy because ukip did not get more seats . 
  except for me . 
  however , i am the only one of you who actually voted for ukip . 
  and i am cool with uk democracy : i think the uk has a very good democracy and just elected a good government . 
   according to the western world , yes . 
  according to themselves they 're a democracy . 
  they have elections , and when confronted about the faults of their system they just say : `` it 's our way , you just do n't understand . '', 
  i 'm afraid if you think that the democratic process is either entirely subjective or there is only one type of objective democracy i have no way of helping you . 
   then all countries are democracies . 
  the whole meaning of democracy becomes diluted if you put it that way ... eh ? 
  not really . 
  north korea is not a democracy . 
  the uk is a democracy . 
  some countries are democracies and not others . 
   i do n't care if it 's fair , the entire idea of a brexit is ludicrous tabloid and bigot-waffle . 
  lol . 
  you seem quite butthurt that the uk public just voted for a referendum and a renegotiation . 
  you think the greek crisis has been solved ?!, 
  you ok hun ? 
   pleasing ones own electorate might be good politics , but it is not good diplomacy . 
  we are talking about the good of your country , not the good of david cameron and those who follow after him . 
  the renegotiation has not even started . 
  let 's wait and see . 
   and you might not leave the eu on very good terms . 
  the continent knows that a brexit might lead to the break up of the union . 
  to make an example of britain would not be morally defensible , but it might still be done . 
  that 's simply realpolitik . 
  the uk needs to be prepared for this . 
  i 'm not really sure what the reu can do to the uk though . 
  look at the state of the reu economy . 
  look at how difficult it was to put sanctions in place on russia and they invaded ukraine !, 
  making an example of the uk would hurt ireland very badly . 
  i think the uk and the reu can separate on good terms as that is best for each . 
  if the eu is so weak that it could break up if the uk leaves , it does not deserve to continue . 
   but you are voting ukip , the politically fringe . 
  if you hat rv you would actually be represented , but instead your vote was ignored ( unless you live in that one violet field ) . 
  there are multiple people in westminster with my views . 
  i am well represented . 
   i do n't think he as any bargaining power to begin with .
