  democracy is a key european value . 
  if the swedish people in a democratic process reject the euro , then the eu must respect that democratic choice . 
  agreed . 
  long live parliamentary democracy and the ability of parliament to scrutinise the actions of the executive . 
  the aim of taxation is not to pay the highest amount , or the lowest amount . 
  it is to pay the right amount , so that services that can be better administered by the state can be administered efficiently . 
  no - they ca n't choose their king . 
  but the king does not have political power . 
  in a democracy it is important that people with political power are elected . 
  to get rid of the monarchy if it is supported by most of the population would be very undemocratic . 
  a constitutional monarchy is not undemocratic . 
  looks like britain , lithuania and czech rep are the winners ? 
  european democracy at its finest . 
  differently from most of continental europe and north america , the police mainland britain have never carried firearms . 
  traditionally the police are seen as citizens in uniform and policing is seen as `` by consent '' . 
  where are most people going to ? 
  i meet lots of spaniards in london the whole time . 
  i 'd say it is pretty easy to find work in london right now . 
  the uk markets it 's monarchy very well and the royal family are a very strong brand . 
  ( i 'd certainly invest if it is ever privatised ... ) i think they could do more though to ensure it generates more income for britain though . 
  there is a worrying trend away from free speech in britain , with increasing legislation prohibiting `` hate speech '' . 
  uk here . 
  i 'd vote out . 
  very hard to know how the country would vote . 
  hopefully out . 
  i do n't think you can make that conclusion from this data . 
  there might be a legitimate reason for them to oppose immigration - e.g. 
  lowers wages for working class brits , infrastructure in britain might not be ready for sudden changes in population etc. 
  because most british people ( apart from a few `` progressive '' people in islington and hamstead ) are not champagne socialists and do n't agree with the political positions of the guardian and independent etc. 
  that 's why the daily mail , telegraph and sun etc sell so many more papers . 
  british people agree with them . 
  of course . 
  and there is also a south to north braindrain too . 
  the fallout from this is going to be fascinating . 
  in britain we will be watching this closely . 
  it seems likely that even more french people may chose to pay taxes in the uk rather than france ( currently london is home to 400,000 french people ) . 
  if this tax is seen as successful , it will change the election campaign in the uk . 
  lord howe wanted to take britain into the euro . 
  his conflict over this with margaret thatcher ( [ who predicted that the euro would not be able to accommodate both the economic powerhouse of germany and the weaker periphery and , because of german phobia about inflation , would end up devastating the economies of portugal and greece etc ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/peteroborne/100064330/margaret-thatcher-knew-the-single-currency-would-devastate-europe/ ) ) ultimately forced thatcher out of office . 
  history , has of course , proved margaret thatcher right . 
  lord howe was wrong then . 
  he is also wrong now . 
  i think you are underestimating the ability of the arts to raise funds . 
  there are plenty of examples of the arts getting huge amounts of funding without the tax payer having to cough up . 
  look at the huge amounts given to the arts by charitable funds in the us !, 
  there is nothing to stop you from you yourself donating money to this director if you want . 
  the point is that these emerging markets are ones that it makes sense for british firms to be looking at . 
  by getting some market share the moment that they open up , there are greater chances at winning more profitable business in due course . 
  we certainly can provide art . 
  many people do give generously to art . 
  though a country like france which has just had drastic tax raises and an increase in unemployment needs to decide what its priorities are and if it can afford all the demands for art made on it . 
  also , individual french people and other europeans need to decide whether or not this theatre is a priority for them and if it is - give money to it . 
  if nobody in france wants to do this , then i query whether they actually see it as a priority . 
  hopefully the vehemently anti-british anti-nation state anti-free markets martin schulz will get elected as leader of the commission . 
  this will bring forwards the day that britain leaves the eu . 
  this is plain not true . 
  not sure why you got an upvote . 
  do n't you think it would have made sense to check if people wanted political union before monetary union rather than afterwards ? 
  thanks . 
  the only way for everyone in europe to be taught the same history in the same way would be for regulation to be imposed . 
  given that you perceive there to be a problem , i wondered if this might be the solution you had in mind ( though i appreciate it is not a solution you suggested ) . 
  the situation in the balkans is rather a special case . 
  if the way danes and dutch teach history is different , nobody really thinks that is a problem . 
  history is ( at every level ) not just the study of what happened , but also why it happened and whether or not it was important . 
  there is no accepted universal truth in history . 
  it makes no sense to call it theology because it is really a very different discipline from theology . 
  in my country , britain , there is no single prescribed government text for how history should be taught in schools . 
  this is in my view a good thing as historians disagree about much of history . 
  if governments are able to control the way history is taught , there is a risk that they will use history as a tool to justify political positions . 
  it is better for students ( of every age ) to be exposed to different ideas and different arguments . 
  this helps students be able to think for themselves . 
  if you are concerned that different countries teach history in different ways , surely it is better to deregulate the way history is taught ( so that there is a wider plurality of opinion ) rather than over regulating it ( so that only one opinion is taught ) ? 
  there is no `` proper term '' in english . 
  historians themselves debate about whether classing history as a social science ( along with for example economics or sociology ) is correct or whether classing it as a humanity ( along with philosophy or literature ) is correct . 
  i prefer the latter , because history tends not to be studied using a scientific method . 
  yes - in britain there were also hours and hours of parliamentary debate about the pros and the cons of the single currency . 
  we are still having this debate . 
  i think other countries are debating it more though . 
  there are now more discussions in france and germany and italy about it . 
  this strikes me as the type of thing denmark would be able to regulate by itself , without needing eu involvement . 
  i 'd be very surprised if anyone thought that denmark 's existing regulation of cinnamon was defective . 
  how many danes have been harmed to date ? 
  your argument that employment levels are staying stable might have been more convincing if you had n't linked to an article that mentioned that unemployment had fallen by 99,000 in the previous three months ... 
  switzerland and norway are still doing fine . 
  agreed . 
  also - i think the rest of the uk reckons that it makes sense to be pragmatic . 
  if scotland does want independence , what kind of relationship should we have going forwards ? 
  we share a language , a border and a huge amount of trade and many workers travel between england and scotland . 
  we share a head of state . 
  we have a joint military ( not clear what would happen to that going forwards ) . 
  the scots want to keep the pound and stay in the common travel area . 
  so even if scotland votes for independence , we would n't really be losing it in a very dramatic way . 
  ( english people would be able to go to scottish universities for free i guess  ), 
  the no campaign does think it will win . 
  but if it loses , what will happen ? 
  a pretty peaceful and swift divorce and some discussions about passports and embassies . 
  it 's no biggie . 
  in spain there have been generals talking about getting in the military . 
  the uk is many miles from that . 
  as energy prices continue to rise , shale gas is going to get more popular .
