  no , it was n't close . 
  the polls got the vote share between labour and conservatives very wrong . 
   however if you want to do everything together the uk does n't want to do everything together . 
  refugees is one of the things that the uk does n't want to do together . 
  however , the uk has an opt-out of this , whereas france and spain do n't . 
   and it is your right to have an opinion . 
  it is also your ( and anyones ) right to choose not to live here . 
  just to clarify , i do n't particularly mind how the netherlands chooses to legislate in this regard . 
  i respect dutch democracy and dutch traditions and values and concept of society . 
  i 'm just more saying that this is not a universal way of thinking about the issue and civilised people from other countries with different traditions will look at the same thing in a different way . 
   i do n't really care , it 's the social norm not to cover your face that way , people accept that , understand it as self-evident , it 's just made into law now . 
  in my way of thinking there should n't be any necessary overlap between law and social norms ... 
   you 're not actually allowed to wear face-covering items in several public buildings , for example post offices . 
  at least in scotland - maybe legislation is different in the rest of the uk . 
  any links to this legislation in scotland ? 
  ( not saying you 're wrong , i 'd just be interested in seeing it . ), 
   what you 're hearing here from the dutch is influenced by our values . 
  the low countries share our values in this case which the brits ( and those that fallow you on this - e.g. 
  the scandinavians ) simply do n't understand . 
  i agree , this difference reflects a fundamental difference in thinking about society , law , the state and the individual , rights and liberties and values between the uk and france . 
  france holds dear the concept of '' * laicite * '' and also '' * egalite * '' . 
  the uk holds dear the concept of `` muh freedom '' ... * vive la difference !, 
   no , i 'm comfortable with them telling men and women not to wear face covering cloths though . 
  this to me is unecessarily intrusive into the choices made by an individual . 
  if i decide to stand in a public space with my face covered , it seems pointless to call the police . 
  i 've lived for multiple years in parts of london where face covering was not unusual . 
  it seems odd to get the police involved in a matter which is essentially without obvious harm to anyone . 
   they 're against dutch values though , they symbolize oppression and inequality of women . 
  are you comfortable about the state telling women what they can or can not wear ? 
  this strikes me as using oppression in your struggle against oppression . 
  normal workday ... 
  i think the police just have the power to force people to remove face coverings if the police have reasonable grounds to believe that they are planning criminal activity . 
  other than that people can walk around in public in a balaclava or burqua legally . 
   you seem to be suggesting that the monetary union was set up to fail on purpose . 
  yes we 've seen that it is an extremely bad idea when you can not make the member states obey the rules , but i ca n't imagine that the plan was for it to all go tits up an economically destroy greece , spain , portugal and italy . 
  it was inevitable that the eurozone , construed as it is , would fail . 
  all economists will tell you that a currency union without a related optimal currency area and without fiscal transfers and with a central bank with a limited mandate just aimed at price stability will result in massive unemployment . 
  either the people that set up the eurozone were ignorant as to basic economics ( they should n't have been because they were warned ) or they did not care about the massive unemployment they would cause . 
   and in the uk iirc we already have laws against covering your face in public places . 
  there should be no special rules because of your beliefs . 
  we do n't have this law . 
  rightly in my mind . 
  people should be able to choose what they wear , rather than the fashion police . 
   i get that it 's against european values , but i doubt prohibiting it will suddenly change the mind of these women and their husbands . 
  is it against european values ? 
  in the uk there is a strong value of the individual being free to choose what the individual wants to wear and the state having limited appetite to interfere with the individual 's choice . 
  in my mind the value of people being free to wear what they want , free from interference from the state , is a more important value than the value of being identifiable in a public place . 
   in uk you are complaining that you have little say in the rules of the customs union , so you are opting out for way in which you would have none ? 
  how does that make any sense ? 
  outside the customs union the uk will be able to secure free trade agreements with the growing parts of the world , rather than being stuck with the shrinking parts of the world . 
  the turks and the americans always seem to get a pretty bad press here , tbh ... 
   while at a same time having absolutely no say in rules of the customs union . 
  just sayin . 
  they get a great outcome . 
  they are the most prosperous free peoples in the world . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  the uk can do better though . 
   besides old people have power enough as it is , the younger generation has to stand up for them on the bus and such . 
  wtf ? 
  this is not an example of an entrenched power to be fought !, 
  it is an example of basic politeness to be supported !, 
  uk always does elections and referendums on thursdays . 
  polling stations are open between 7:00 a.m and 10:00 p.m. we 're used to voting on thursdays - i do n't think it impacts turn-out . 
  predicting how many seats a party might get works on swings . 
  predicting the percentage of the vote that a party might get does not work on swings . 
  the difference between the polls and the actual result does not , of itself , indicate that there were shifts from libdems and ukipers to the tories that the polls did not spot . 
  it more indicates that as between labour and the the tories something there was some methodological problem or ( less likely in my view ) an incredibly late swing from labour to the tories . 
   turned on which ukip voters grew up and voted for their normal party and which way the ld defections went . 
  nobody predicted that both would end up favouring the tories . 
  oddly , the share of the vote that the polls suggested ukip and the libdems would get was closely reflected in the actual results . 
  12.9 % for ukip and 8 . % for libdems in the actual result does not of itself suggest that there were late switches from ukip and the libdems to the tories . 
  the polls were much more incorrect in the scores for labour and the tories , which might indicate either a very late swing as between them , or perhaps sampling problems or perhaps miscalculating `` shy tories and lazy labour '' factors . 
  this has been a major news story in the uk , extensive discussions on news programmes etc. . . 
  my claim is not that initiatives like the working time directive cause unemployment in and of themselves , it is that the eu , as a body , does not care about the lives of the poorest . 
  otherwise it would not have created a monetary union without leaving economic union unfinished , with the inevitable problems that would cause . 
  the less well off already have to pay tv licenses and subscribe in massive numbers to sky . 
  in relation to ireland , special arrangements are necessary to ensure peace in northern ireland . 
  in relation to scotland , that is up to them and whether or not they want to be independent . 
  exactly , hbo is funded by subscriptions . 
  i would like the bbc to do that too . 
  it is very different from the current license arrangement . 
   of the best stuff lately has come from hbo which is funded very similarly to the beeb . 
  hbo funds itself via a licence fee that everyone in the usa who owns a tv has to pay ? 
  i doubt this . 
   i like to think our leaders are not walking stereotypes and `` english '' is not a political insult in france whereas `` french '' is in england . 
  they based their decision on their reason and logic given the national and international political state , not on a crazy virgin girl being burned ages ago . 
  such mature !, 
  very liberte , egalite and fraternite !, 
  so enlightened thinking !, 
  very revolution and much republicain values !, 
  wow . 
   that 's where we disagree . 
  we live in a post national world . 
  the purpose of the state is to protect people . 
  do we live in a post national word ? 
  history is n't finished . 
  the state still protects some people rather than others , as we see with the massive immigration and quotas debate that the eu is currently going through with respect to boat people . 
  personally i think that the uk should treat people coming from belgium and people coming from eritrea in the same way . 
  we should look at their skills and what they can bring to the table . 
   really ?
