   how about the loss of sovereignty ? 
  `` muh sovereignty '' . 
  you and me are basically on the same side now . 
  i think this is something that is happening in italy right now . 
  there has n't been a change in attitude to germany from the uk recently . 
  the imf is , sensibly , not in a currency union with greece . 
  the eurozone is . 
  i 'm guessing you are not a lawyer . 
   i believe thatcher also opposed reunification , oddly enough . 
  she had a vague plan to delay it by being hardline on the nato question : she was going to demand that a reunified germany had to stay in nato , while the soviets were expected to demand either a neutral germany , or at the most a germany in nato but with the former east german territory demilitarlized . 
  gorbachev surprised people by putting no conditions at all and saying that nato membership or not was up to germany . 
  that torpedoed thatcher 's plan to use this disagreement to stall things , and she could n't think of another way to stop reunification without outright vetoing it . 
  yes , this is more or less right . 
  in the long run , a united germany turns out not to be against british interests . 
   :( stop ganging up against us i think we 'll stay out of this one for the while !, 
  ( just make sure that belgium stays out of this . ), 
   yeah , well i am a legal expert and i 'll let you into a secret : it ai n't illegal till the highest court with jurisdiction says it is . 
  no , this is not how the law works . 
   ultimately , the past is irrelevant . 
  how we got here is a matter for the history books , but what is done from this point on is what matters here and now . 
  i understand what you 're saying here , essentially we can not change the past and instead of being moralistic or idealistic about our failed mistakes , we need to be pragmatic about the future . 
  however , this debacle has been such a disaster that we do need to reflect on why it has happened and take steps to ensure that it does not happen again . 
   the deal that is so hopelessly bad , it took only a few days after the agreement for everyone to come out in public and say `` this will not work '' . 
  watch it pass through every parliament and get then get implemented . 
  everyone knows it wo n't work . 
  nobody will dare do anything about it . 
  i 'm at the stage where i hope the imf refuses to participate . 
   it is not hard to imagine why france might be hesitant about the german re-unification ... brits were very hesitant about it too . 
  french solution to german unification was to join germany in a currency union . 
  british solution to german unification was to watch france and germany join a doomed common currency union , but stay out itself . 
  and wait and watch , 
   i can hear the brits laughing from here . 
  yes , it is very amusing time for us british eusceptics who have been hoping for the last 15 years that the euro would crash ... 
   french and german political spats are like watching your neighbours have a domestic in the garden . 
  yes , they start off kind of entertaining . 
  you just have to hope they do n't force us to pick a side ... 
   well , after this whole greek debacle , it will never become one for sure . 
  this is wonderful news . 
  we in the uk did n't want one . 
  countries like yours and mine have had lots of relationships . 
  we 're used to them ending . 
  there is a feeling of regret , but after a while you realize that there are new relationships to be had . 
  or you can enjoy a period of splendid isolation . 
   i 'm not buying the inevitability . 
  do n't get me wrong , i agree with what you 're saying , but `` inevitably '' ? 
  is there really nothing that could be done ? 
  ah , well . 
  nothing in history is absolutely certain , so perhaps something can be done . 
  however , the current franco-german relationship is very much a product of a particular historic experience and collective memories of that experience are starting to fade . 
  also , there is no need to be sad about things . 
  there is no point being in a relationship if it is n't working out for you any more . 
  for france , i see that it is going to stop working out . 
   if the `` special relationship '' and its image were to deteriorate , a lot could change . 
  some would even say that it has already started . 
  as unemployment rates , growth rates and demographics of germany and france diverge , their interests start to diverge and inevitably the relationship deteriorates . 
  oxi, 
  i agree with your analysis . 
  options 2 and 3 are politically unacceptable but make sense economically . 
  option 1 is economic insanity . 
  this has been the tragedy of the eurozone from the start , the economic reality has been totally divorced from the politics and this seems to continue . 
   they both are british so if one goes amock ( for example after a terrorist attack ) the other will too you might as well complain that if european rules made by european bodies go amock , then european courts will go amock too and therefore we should n't rely on european courts . 
   yes but there is a conflict of interest when you let the uk government decided whether the uk government did something wrong no , it is the uk courts that decide , not the uk government . 
  i 've no idea how they thought the convergence would work . 
  magic ? 
  it is n't the efsm or grexit . 
  another country in the eurozone could make a bilateral loan to greece instead . 
  there is no need for the uk to be involved in their mess . 
  you could also use bilaterals . 
  no need to use the efsm . 
  they wanted us in maastricht , but with an opt out . 
  that opt out proved vital . 
  the efsm ( which can be used at short notice ) is just being used as a bridging mechanism before the esm ( which can not be used at short notice ) becomes operative . 
  the underlying problem is specifically about greece 's position in the euro . 
  this is something for the eurozone to fix . 
  it is quite ridiculous to expect the uk to be involved in this . 
   it does n't really matter what is the cause of greece 's problems . 
  of course this matters . 
  without a proper understanding of the causes of these problems , we wo n't be able to find appropriate solutions or learn from history ,  efsm emergency funding programme reliant upon funds raised on the financial markets and guaranteed by the european commission , and the commission fund is backed by all 28 european union members . 
  efsm was already used funds to financially support such eurozone states as ireland and portugal . 
  the whole purpose of the esm being established instead of the efsm was to create a eurozone mechanism for saving the euro and not involve the non-euro countries who have nothing to do with this absurd mess and deliberately stayed out of the euro to avoid this kind of thing . 
   the tories beat the nationalist drum during the campaign but they had little to no say in the decision . 
  it was the tories that gave us the opt-out of maastricht . 
  the labour party of the day did n't want this . 
   they are not bailing out eurozone , they want to use efsm fund for financial support of greece . 
  greece 's problems are to do with the euro . 
  the eurozone should fix its own mess . 
   i know some civil law cultures have an obsession with there either being a clause in a document somewhere or not but the real world does n't function this way . 
  if it was agreed verbally at some point britain will treat it as an existent fact . 
  the difference in legal culture between the uk on the one hand and continental europe on the other hand , and the inevitable difficulties this causes ( as shown by this current farce ) is another reason for the uk not to be in `` ever closer union '' with continental europe . 
   so if a british municipality needed a bailout , only the ones that have higher gdp per capita should contribute to the bailout ? 
  the uk tax system does n't work like this . 
  companies and individuals pay money mostly to the central government . 
  municipalities do n't tend to borrow any money so do n't need bailouts . 
  i think it is an inevitable but unfortunate outcome of the massive austerity and national humiliation that the eurozone has caused greece . 
  no , the esm does not take into account gdp per capita , the key definition of wealth . 
  it takes into account gdp regardless of population size . 
  however , if the eurozone want to organise a mechanism whereby the countries poorer than greece bail-out greece , that is up to them . 
  obviously non euro countries should not be involved . 
  i 've no idea what point you are trying to make . 
  how the eurozone organises itself is up to it , though obvuously non-eurozone countries should not have to bail it out .
