  [ france also want one of the big economic portfolios . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/30/us-eu-commission-moscovici-iduskbn0fz1c420140730 ) - probably economic and monetary affairs . 
  the uk can not really get this one as it outside the euro . 
  ideal from the uk 's perspective would be for the uk to get internal market and the netherlands to get either economic and monetary affairs or competition and to hope that the french are happy with something like trade or energy ... 
  they wo n't be though . 
   and now the soft eurosceptic left is moving to podemos . 
  thanks . 
  i have not yet seen euscepticism or euro-currency-scepticism have any impact at all on mainstream spanish politics ( totally different story in the uk ) but perhaps it will after the next spanish general elections in which it looks like the pp and ps will both lose a lot of votes . 
  top of the table : continental europe . 
  bottom of the table : the four island nations of the eu : the uk and the nations that have historically had strong ties to it ... 
   we [ ee ] do n't really care about gender balance in general gender balance is not an issue for me personally as i do n't believe in identity politics , instead i believe in idelology/issues politics . 
  thus , i believe i can be represented best by someone who shares my ideology/issues rather than someone who shares my skin colour or religious background or gender or sexuality . 
  however , gender balance seems to be a big issue in the uk and other parts of we . 
  obviously , when it comes to foreign affairs ideology/issues should be much more important than identity . 
  however , this will not be straightforward !, 
  the voting in eurovision is obviously extremely political and that is one of the reasons why we do n't do as well as some other countries ( which can always guarantee votes ) from certain of their neighbours . 
  however , we also do send terrible acts . 
   eastern europe wo n't accept mogherini . 
  if mogerini does n't get it then there is even less chance of the commission being [ gender-balanced ] ( http://redd.it/2c9imp ) . 
  not only will there be fewer women commissioners , but they will also have more junior positions ... 
  i 'm hoping sikorski over mogherini . 
  sikorski is a hawk while mogerhini is a dove and the time for doves in the face of russia has passed . 
  the added bonus is [ that sikorski is very uksceptic ] ( http://euobserver.com/foreign/124709 ) and i think his nomination will make a brexit more likely . 
  british music seems to sell better than music from the rest of europe . 
  i 've no idea how we manage to send our very worst performers to eurovision year after year ... 
  why editorialise the title to say `` british woman '' rather than `` passenger '' ? 
  surely what with scottish independence on the near horizon we should be saying `` scottish woman '' for this type of thing ? 
  thanks - i am not saying that she would make it past the second round , simply that how well she does in the second round depends on who her opponent is . 
  i do n't see ump supporters being so keen to lend their votes to the ps to keep out marine in quite the same way that ps supporters will will lend their votes to the ump . 
  it would be correct to write : `` london and new york are liable for uk debt and usa debt respectively . '', 
  or if you do n't like `` respectively '' : `` london and new york are each liable for the sovereign debt of their nation '' . 
  sovereignty . 
  the uk parliament could make its own laws . 
  hahah - i love william brown . 
  if london and new york were jointly and severally liable than london would be on the hook for all american debt as well as all uk debt . 
  ( sorry to be a lawyer . ), 
  not joint and several liability . 
  just liability ... 
  thanks - i watched the youtube clip and what he said was very prescient . 
  do you know when it is from ? 
  maybe 1994 or 1995 ? 
  thus after the signing of the maastricht treaty . 
  was there a big debate among major spanish politicians before singing maastricht ? 
   the fighting did n't happen because the catholics though the protestants were wrong and therefore should die . 
  it was about northern ireland and wheather it should be part of the republic of ireland rather than the uk . 
  religion was just a handy identifier . 
  you 're exactly right . 
  religious divide was a consequence , rather than a cause of the troubles . 
   why does the jewish people not deserve self-determination through its own state ? 
  of course , they do . 
  i can never understand people who say things like :  i dislike israel and i think it should not exist , does n't mean i hate jews . 
  where do they want the current isreali state and the people living there to go ? 
  i have noticed that anti-semitism is on the rise in the uk in the last couple of years . 
  perhaps your argument that the uk is very similar to continental europe is correct . 
   if you are asking me this then im assuming you dont understand what a trade union is or even does . 
  there are lots of ways of having a trade union with the eu without being part of the eu . 
  right now the eu is negotiating the ttip with the usa to reduce trade barriers . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market . 
  they are onbviously going to want to continue to have free trade with us . 
   so what is the european court of human rights then ? 
  more evidence of your ill-informed opinion . 
  the echr is not an eu body . 
  if the uk wants to be under the jurisdiction of the echr it can do this outside the eu . 
  the question of eu membership and echr jurisdiction are thus logically separate - there is no need for you to link them . 
   i would prefer the uk to be part of a union that actually has enough economic/military ( still needs work ) power to protect our assets and push for our interests abroad , especially in the face of such recent belligerence from super powers such as russia . 
  have you heard of nato ? 
  it is a military union that has the power to protect us from beligerence of russia . 
  edit after you edit :  im a software developer , but im more thinking about when i retire . 
  i expect you 'll be okay . 
  there are many many brits who manage to retire in florida or australia and we are not in a union with those countries . 
   its also nice to be able to enter any eu country with only an id . 
  what id are you thinking about ? 
  currently you need a passport ( other than ireland ) to get to most places in the eu . 
  i do n't see this changing . 
   that 's assuming they get past le pen . 
  the fn are on a roll at the moment . 
  if , as is most likely , the final round is between the fn and ump , then i can not see how the fn can win . 
  surely a large majority of the left will vote ump ? 
  in the less likely scenario in which the final round is between fn and ps , then i think the fn have a better shot as i think some of the centre right will go for fn rather than ps again . 
  currently it does look as if fn will be in the run off , though obviously there is a long way ahead ... 
   lots of people predicted it . 
  did any mainstream continental european politician predict it ? 
  however discredited the ump are , they are not as discredited as the socialists are . 
  to get the presidency all ump need to do is to get into the final round , no ? 
  even cope and villepan can surely beat whoever the socialist candidate is ? 
   then i wouldnt be able to live anywhere i wanted in europe . 
  what is your line of work ? 
  the main factor that determines where you can live is this . 
  if you get the right skills , you can live in most places . 
   get cheaper products/services which products/services will become more expensive ? 
  the eu is not going to want to stop selling products and services to the uk , is it ? 
  that would really harm their economies . 
   be confident that my human rights are being protected the eu does not , of itself , have a human rights function . 
  however , the uk does have a lengthy human rights tradition going back many hundreds of years of which it can be proud . 
  ultimately it comes down to whether or not you trust the uk parliament ( and the people who vote for them ) to enact good legislation . 
   and the uk would have less of an influence on world affairs if you think that the uk government ca n't be trusted , it strikes me as odd that in the very next sentence you are lamenting the loss of the uk 's influence on world affairs . 
  surely if you do n't think that the uk government can be trusted you would n't want it to have an influence on world affairs ? 
   could britain be leaving the eu ? 
  here is to hoping !, 
   i would expect lagarde as the ump candidate to take it .
