  i do n't know anything about digipen so ca n't comment on that ... 
   and those countries would bring down with them all those countries netherlands , austria , finland or germany if they fall . 
  so the air we started to breath around here is that you do n't need a better troika : you need to prevent these disasters . 
  and the only way is financial integration . 
  in finland we have stubb now , possibly thorning schmidt at the council : all college of europe alumni , all supporter of closer financial integration . 
  their words , i was there . 
  i think we will wait and see what happens and you might well be correct . 
  however , ultimately where does this leave britain ? 
  one of our closest eu allies , poland basically hates us . 
  the more that the rest of the eu financially integrates , the more urgent the uk question becomes . 
   did n't he say the euro was going to collapse ? 
  i 've no idea what he said about the euro collapsing . 
  however , i think it does n't change our analysis of whether or not the eurozone is an optimal currency area . 
   they were simply taken aback , and under a huge moralistic/protestant/northern urge to say `` you did so wrong you little corrupt southern country '' !, 
  does n't this attitude still prevail ? 
  i do n't see any northern european country being able to elect a government that believes in mutualisation of debt . 
  obviously , my own country wo n't do that , but i also do n't think netherlands , austria , finland or crucially germany will . 
  we ca n't ultimately blame the problems in greece on the imf . 
  ultimately the blame lies in europe . 
  we could create the tools : we just do n't have the political desire to create them or use them . 
  most brits do n't dislike the politics or governments of other anglo nations any more than the politics or governments of europe . 
   maybe it 's because i 'm a silly mainlander , but if i was a brit i would want to stay as far away as possible from the other anglo-nations . 
  brits do n't dislike the other anglo nations though . 
  that 's a big difference between you and us . 
   that was because of bad national governments . 
  and , this is a good reason for the uk not to join a currency union . 
  it does n't make sense to join a currency union with bad national governments . 
   as a brit - for us to join the euro we must first agree its adoption would pass the five economic tests . 
  this was reaffirmed by our government last year i believe . 
  the five economic tests are no longer policy of the labour party . 
  they were never policy of the conservative party . 
   labour , conservatives , and liberals are all pro eu . 
  they are all against joining the euro though . 
  there is a whole lot of literature on whether or not the eurozone is an optimum currency area . 
  start by looking at [ krugman ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/06/24/revenge-of-the-optimum-currency-area/?_php=true&amp;_type=blogs&amp;_r=0 ) ... 
  the very fact of the eurozone sovereign debt crisis and the continued economic woes in southern europe are a good indication of the answer to this question . 
  the benefits of an optimum currency area are well established , but the eurozone is not an optimum currency area . 
  common currencies do n't make sense without an optimum currency area . 
  she would be crushed in the second round by a right wing candidate , but would she be crushed in the second round by a left-wing candidate ? 
  there is zero chance of the eu becoming a federal state with the uk in it . 
  if you can conceive of canada having a separate future outside the usa , then you can also conceive of the uk having a future outside the eu . 
  as for large countries joining the euro , they 've not all benefitted from it . 
  italy has had no economic growth since it joined the euro , 15 years ago . 
  spain has massive unemployment still . 
  outside the euro , they would have more policy options . 
  the funds were n't needed though . 
  the eu , taken as a whole , is rich . 
  the north of europe has easily enough money to bail out the south if it wants to : it could just do eurobonds . 
  there was n't a lack of funds in europe , there was a lack of political desire . 
  the eu preferred to use the imf methods rather than mutualise debt . 
  and i 'm not sure if anything has changed . 
  and it might not leave too . 
  judging by recent legislation coming from the eu , the city will prefer to be outside it . 
  i 'm in law . 
  a finance related bit of law . 
  i do bonds and equities etc , but not commodities or currencies or things like gold !, 
  i 'm not a financial expert . 
  he 's not screwed . 
  he might well win the next general election . 
  being eusceptic is popular with the electorate . 
  germany keeps its gold in new york and london ? 
  wow . 
  i did not know this . 
  will they ? 
  [ they are becoming increasingly mixed . ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/uk-will-be-forced-join-euro-leave-eu-if-brussels-power-not-reformed-says-report-1453735 ) . 
  as someone who works for a key british service industry , i wo n't be arguing for anything more than free trade ... 
  yes , the uk were correct not to sign this treaty as there was no assurance that our main industry was protected . 
  the troika is not an eu body , but two legs of the troika are . 
  it is not clear to me that without the imf the ecb and the commission would be doing anything differently . 
  i guess those people have to try and keep the uk inside the eu , because it seems like it is the uk that is the only thing stopping the use happening . 
  i think technically they get called `` grillini '' ... 
  when i have lived outside the uk in the past it has been for positive reasons rather than negative reasons . 
  however , when i have lived out of the uk i never miss british weather or food and would happily say goodbye to both of them ... london is expensive and can be stressful and tiring , and sometimes i think about moving to another city where i could do my same job but with much less stress : maybe madrid or amsterdam or paris ... 
  by parliamentary sessions , i am meaning the various year-long legislative sessions between general elections ( using the same terminology as parliament uses and as the parliament act uses ) . 
  i thought that 's what you were meaning too . 
  the eu referendum bill wo n't straddle the general election . 
  if everything goes to plan it will be on the statute books by then . 
   do they have time to invoke the parliament act ? 
  they do just about have time . 
  [ parliament 's own website contains a research paper that indicates that it can happen . 
  ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/business/publications/research/briefing-papers/sn06912/european-union-referendum-bill-and-the-parliament-acts )  generally speaking it is constitutionally weird for bills to hang over multiple sessions of parliament . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by this . 
  the parliament act specifically envisages bills hanging over multiple sessions of parliament . 
   passing a bill now for a referendum under the next government is as close to unconstitutional as you can get in the uk . 
  it really is n't . 
  everything is allowed unless it is specifically forbidden . 
  there is n't much precedent for referendums . 
   so the lords will attempt to block it . 
  it will only go through with the parliament act . 
  perhaps labour and the lib dems will vote against it in the hofc ? 
  if they object to it in principle , that 's what they should do . 
  i 'm not sure if the lords will try and block it a second time , with the threat of the parliament act hanging over them . 
   i 'm not sure how eurobonds would work , maybe in a buy-in sort of way ? 
  there are a lot of different potential structures and there has been a great deal of discussion about them . 
  to massively simplify , one example would be member states continuing to issue debt separately ( as now ) , but each member state being a guarantor of each other member state 's debt . 
  an alternative structure might be a new central entity issuing debt , that is funded by each member state . 
  in either case , there is an argument that it amounts to an effective transfer of funds from north to south as it will likely lead to a decrease in borrowing rates by the south and an increase in borrowing rates by the north . 
  in any case , this all likely requires treaty change and is likely off the table while angela is around . 
  it is also no longer a pressing issue given that currently italy and spain can currently borrow cheaply ( credit is plentiful ) . 
   yes i know , but the fiscal compact has not become eu law because of the british veto , but just international law ( which is weaker ) .
