  exchange rate changes have other consequence though and change economic activity and impact trade balance deficits . 
   a majority of mps is against it . 
  a majority of mps were against it , prior to the referendum . 
  we do n't actually know whether there still is a majority of mps against it . 
  we do know that many mps have changed their mind since the referendum . 
   everyone will be poorer though . 
  we ca n't predict the future . 
  i suspect that ireland will do the same thing . 
  uk will likely not do any checks . 
   if i ca n't stop vehicles passing through , how do i ensure that people are n't shipping products through that customs prohibits ? 
  sweden and norway manage this fine . 
  the uk and ireland will too , particularly as there are unlikely to be any customs checks at all on the uk side . 
   1 % overlording your maths is poor . 
  leave won by 3.8 % . 
   such delicate yet huge decisions should be made as one people in a democracy sometimes people have different opinions . 
  not everyone can get what they want . 
   im still amazed that the brits have n't demanded a secondary vote . 
  a majority of british people want to leave the eu . 
  people do n't just immediately want another referendum just because they do not like the result . 
  this is a referendum , not a tennis match . 
   negotiations with non-eu states are handled through brussels . 
  the right of eu countries to allow citizens of third countries to work is a matter for the eu countries . 
  see article 79 ( 5 ) of the treaty of functioning of the european union . 
   where will the controls be on eu citizens not allowed into the uk ? 
  the uk is not trying to stop eu citizens entering the uk . 
  the uk is trying to control the right of eu citizens working and living in the uk . 
   maintaining a customs border -- a commitment all eu members make -- between ni and roi means a hard border a hard border means checking passports . 
  a customs border ( like between norway and sweden ) is not a hard border . 
   i dont think any currently elected government of eu countries has said they want brexit to happen . 
  whether or not they want it to happen , they recognise it will happen . 
  if they wanted , they could say that even when the uk leaves the eu , all uk citizens in the eu could stay there . 
  they have not said this . 
   what exactly is your argument , i do n't understand ? 
  my argument is that the cta already works well with territories inside and outside the eu and no particular dispensation is necessary for this . 
  moreover , there is nothing in eu law or uk or irish law which stops the cta working upon brexit . 
  it is also the case that the british people , the irish people , the british government and the irish government are all committed to keeping the cta . 
  there is simply no reason to stop it . 
   there are special dispensations for the isle of man 's relationship with the eu . 
  i 've told you ten times now none of these relate to the cta though . 
  the specific issue at hand is the cta . 
   yet eu countries are saying they can stay which eu government has specifically said this ? 
  genuinely interested . 
   it 's really not even the job of eu countries to assure her , when the conservative party are the ones that caused brexit whether or not the eu wants uk citizens to be able to stay is something for them to decide . 
   theresa may has specifically said she wo n't guarantee it , and will use it as a bargaining chip . 
  to be completely clear , she has said that she wants the uk to allow all eu citizens currently in the uk to be able to stay , but that it will depend on the rights of uk citizens in the eu . 
   http://www.euronews.com/2016/02/27/as-a-british-expat-how-do-i-vote-in-the-uk-s-eu-referendum the article you linked to is not i am afraid very credible here . 
  it links to a dead link when mentioning numbers . 
   how many expats voted ? 
  what 's the official number ? 
  as far as i know the votes of expats were not counted separately . 
   that said , that 's not that huge of a deal . 
  switzerland and norway both have customs borders within schengen . 
  agreed . 
  i suspect that it will be a one-way customs border ( as i do n't think that the uk will bother to have tariffs on goods from the eu ) . 
   but the question will probably have some pretty serious implications if someone like bosnia were to join the eu i think this question is theoretical rather than real . 
  bosnia and the like are not very close to joining the eu and i suspect that uk will grant bosnia visa free travel before bosnia joins the eu , in the same way that serbia currently has visa free travel to the uk . 
  visa free travel is not currently a significant political issue in the uk . 
   two german parties have already offered up the idea of bestowing new citizenship upon young british expats in germany two german parties offering up an idea is not the same as the german government doing something . 
   merkel has also said she would ensure they could stay . 
  theresa may has also said that she wants them to stay . 
   the opposite won in the uk . 
  the referendum was on leaving the eu . 
  vote leave , the official campaign to leave the eu , was clear that it thought all current eu immigrants should be able to stay . 
   by spending thousands of euro to fly home ? 
  [ no , by voting by post or by proxy ] ( http://www.aboutmyvote.co.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0011/203969/eu-referendum-voting-guide_overseas-voters.pdf ) . 
   and i just found out there are n't 2.5 million but 5.6 million !, 
  citation ? 
   perhaps you are n't taking into account that it 's not only the uk who will go through a great repeal project , but the eu will do so too in relation to the uk 's rights as a former member ? 
  i am talking about the rights of ireland here . 
  ireland has an independent right . 
   `` it is optimistic to think that brussels would permit this protocol to remain in effect in the event of brexit . '', 
  the bottom line is that this protocol is part of a treaty that can only be changed with the consent of the irish government . 
  brussels might not like it ( and i do n't think they will ) , but ultimately the decision with whether or not to change it rests with the irish government ( and , i am guessing , the irish people by way of referendum ) . 
  the article that you linked to indicates that there will be pressure on ireland from brussels , but does not state that brussels can force ireland 's hand . 
  i agree with that . 
  whether ireland wants to maintain passport free travel with the uk or instead join the schengen-zone is ultimately something that the irish people have to decide themselves and personally i do n't think it should be a decision for brussels or westminster . 
  that is part of being in a democracy and being independent - making your own decisions . 
   german government ( like it was mentioned in this article and elsewhere ) are trying to secure british peoples ability to stay in germany . 
  germany , if it wanted to , could unilaterally say that all british people can stay in germany . 
  it has not done this . 
  i am not saying this is bad , just that if it really cared about this it could solve this itself . 
   in the uk , theresa may has specifically said she will not guarantee eu nationals right to stay and its up for negotiation like everything else . 
  theresa may 's position is that the status of eu nationals in the uk will depend on the status of uk nationals in the eu . 
  this is not what i think the uk government should do , but it is wrong to imply that the position of the uk government and the german government are different here . 
   the 2.5 million people in the british diaspora , the majority of which are in the eu , was not permitted a say in the referendum , and seeing as how leave won by a margin of 1.269.502 votes , i 's say that 's at the very least an engineered form of disenfranchisement and a gross abuse democracy . 
  the vast majority of british people living overseas were able to vote in the referendum . 
   a slim majority which , when coupled with the irish voting population would have resulted in a pro-eu majority . 
  the size of the majority is not material . 
  i have no idea what you mean by `` irish voting population '' . 
  the franchise was a clear one and in my view a fair one and of the people entitled to vote a majority voted to leave . 
  the franchise included all uk citizens above the age of 18 and all irish citizens resident in the uk . 
  there are two separate rights that are of importance here in my view . 
  ireland can allow people in the uk to travel to ireland without showing a passport and maintain the cta , if ireland wants this arrangement to continue . 
  the source for this is protocol number 20 to the treaty of the european union . 
  ireland can allow uk citizens to work in ireland without a visa , if that is what ireland wants . 
  the source for this is article 79 paragraph 5 of the treaty of functioning of the european union . 
  are we agreed , then , that there is no reason why the cta ca n't continue between the uk , iofm and ireland after brexit , given that it has always worked with territories both inside and outside the eu without the need for any specific dispensation relating to the cta ? 
   the vast majority of irish and uk citizens want to remain in the eu dear strumpet . 
  the uk had a referendum in which a majority of voters voted to leave the eu . 
   even brexiteer champions such as yourself think she 's a soft-minded old-fool who 's policies change on a whim !,
