  problem solved . 
   they already are prisoners , no matter where they are . 
  at least then somebody else will have to do the groceries . 
  i do n't think every single woman who choses to wear a burqua is a prisoner . 
  your assertion strikes me as a bit extreme . 
   in that case , i 'm going to start a religion that forbids me to pay taxes . 
  let 's see how that goes down . 
  freedom of religion always was intended to let people define their identity and practice their worship undisturbed ; it was never intended as a trump card to overrule every other law and right thinkable . 
  i think a court of law would be able to distinguish between your made-up religion and a real religion . 
  i 'm not arguing that freedom of religion should be a trump card in every circumstance . 
  what we 're talking about here is walking about on the street , wearing a burqua . 
  i think freedom of religion should allow that . 
  this is not trumping other laws or rights . 
   given that in the uk sharia law courts are apparently given official recognition , i think they really should reconsider how far you can stretch `` freedom of religion '' and the relation between religion and temporal power . 
  sharia law courts are not officially recognised in the uk . 
   she also implicitly condemns everyone else as a threat and/or lesser people , that she needs protection from . 
  she turns herself into a victim and a commodity . 
  communication becomes much more difficult . 
  a burqa is a mental and physical barrier between people . 
  i see people wearing burquas every day . 
  i do n't see any of the things that you do . 
  i just see someone with a very different culture from mine . 
  i think there are much better softer ways of opening barriers , rather than involving the strong arm of the law . 
  this is not my specialist area , but taking a look at the [ equalities act ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2010/15/pdfs/ukpga_20100015_en.pdf ) , my feeling is that this discrimination would not fall foul of it . 
  also , women were able to attend the lecture , if they entered by a different entrance and sat at the back . 
  i 'm not defending this , i 'm simply stating that i do n't think the university has broken any law here . 
  i think it probably went up to the echr rather than the ecj . 
  i do n't think the purpose of legislation is `` to recognise severity '' . 
  the purpose of a law is to deal with a specific problem . 
  in the uk it is not illegal to deny genocide . 
  it is extremely poor taste , but ultimately freedom of thought and expression is too important a right to abrogated in this way . 
  the best way to argue against someone denying a genocide is to argue with them , using facts and evidence , rather than trying to legislate against them . 
   the ban only applies to public space . 
  the risk , then , as another poster has pointed out , is that those women that want to wear a burqua will effectively become prisoners in their own homes . 
   litigation is not a problem , it 's a solution . 
  personally if i were the lawyer reprenting the french ban on burquas i would have argued that the ban was contrary to freedom of religion under the european convention on human rights . 
  anyway , this legislation represents very different values between france and the uk . 
  i do n't think this kind of ban would ever get through parliament in the uk . 
   it 's unsuitable for an open society , which we want to be . 
  i agree , i also want an open society . 
  however , more than an open society i want a free society ( and again this represents a difference between britain and france ) and thus for me the freedom that a woman has to wear a burqua takes priority over arguments of being open . 
  i 'm happy for a supermarket to ban face coverings if it wants to . 
  that should be a decision for supermarkets , not the government . 
  i am just not comfortable with legislation being enacted to cover all public spaces , for example a park or on the streets . 
  that would be illiberal . 
  i see people with burquas all the time in london . 
  i am totally comfortable with it . 
  if people want to wear that stuff in the streets , that is up to them . 
  there is no general legislation that stops this though . 
  segregated education is legal in the uk . 
  think of all the single-sex schools that there are . 
  yes , this is one reason why sweden has decided not to participate in the ftt-zone and also why britain and luxembourg are not partipating . 
  there are lots of jobs in london now , so if you are unemployed in france , it would make sense to move to london . 
  obviously , britain is not able to take all unemployed people in europe and reforms are necessary across europe . 
  i 'm not sure why you think the uk is a tax haven . 
  tax receipts just reached a [ record high ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/finance/ianmcowie/100023267/budget-2013-tax-receipts-hit-record-high-of-1bn-per-week-more-than-labour-grabbed/ ) . 
  higher rate earners pay 45 per cent in tax . 
  it is not illiberal to want to ban it , but it is illiberal actually to go ahead and ban it . 
  i would be furious if the fashion police ( because , let 's face it , the only way to enforce this law is to establish some kind of fashion police ) told me what i could or could not wear . 
  there are all kinds of problems with implementing a ban too . 
  what about in people 's own homes and private property ? 
  what about potential human rights litigation ? 
  what about the waste of public money that would be taken up with police and the courts having to enforce such a ban ? 
  what would be the sanctions for breach ? 
  fines ? 
  what if people refused to pay the fines , would you really imprison people for wearing burquas ? 
  it is allowed . 
  there is no legal requirement for lectures to be given to both sexes . 
  edit : i have checked the law here and i think that lectures should be given to both sexes to the extent that the lecture comprises part of a qualification ( not sure if that is the case here ) . 
  i also understand from the facts of the case that this lecture was in fact given to both sexes . 
  it is actually very unclear how the ftt will work because the way the proposal is drafted has lots of uncertainties within it . 
  for example , how about the u.s. branch of a french bank trading shares in a swedish company ? 
  what about trades of sovereign debt , are they exempt ? 
  who will end up actually paying this tax , wo n't corporates and banks end up passing on the costs to their customers ? 
  wo n't transactions be structured to avoid the ftt-zone ? 
  the university itself is enabling this . 
  they can get jobs in the private sector . 
  or [ move to london like 400,000 of their countrymen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_migration_to_the_united_kingdom ) and get a job there . 
  i do n't think there should be any legal ban on burquas , as that is illiberal . 
  ultimately , the state should not be in the business of telling individuals what they can or can not wear . 
  i also probably would err on the side of not banning segregated teaching . 
  i would just put other forms of pressure on an institution choosing to teach in that way , by for example shaming them in the media or encouraging people not to attend that institution . 
  the uk and luxembourg are not just not in the same boat , more like they 're not on the same planet . 
  the uk and luxembourg are not just not participating , they are also taking the proposal to the courts as illegal and extra-territorial . 
  the leaked legal opinion from the council legal service supports them . 
  there is also tension among the participating states . 
  if it happens it will be very watered down . 
  it is becoming increasingly unlikely that the eu financial transactions tax will be implemented in its proposed form , if at all . 
  france badly needs reform of its public sector , decreases in taxation etc. 
  i do n't see it happening under hollande . 
  if i were her lawyer , i would have advised her not to have given that interview . 
  on the other hand , this attention seeker probably wants to be found guilty , be the headlines etc. 
  agreed - this push by the french is extremely speculative, 
  i think to better make your point , it would be helpful if you gave a specific example , relevant to the maastricht orthodoxy . 
  the article you linked specifically mentions hong kong and the middle east as destinations for british professionals rather than the eu . 
  i think the migration from eastern and southern europe towards western and northern europe in terms of professionals tends to be in one direction . 
  you can get light drugs anywhere in europe . 
  it depends whether or not you want to get them legally . 
  especially when these countries have to cover the costs of training working force to become e.g. 
  doctors , engineers etc and then the uk gets to benefit from them , without having to pay the costs .
