   it worked for the nationalists . 
  in the uk there were n't eusceptics protesting after a referendum had taken place . 
  also , please do n't use the term `` nationalist '' for people that voted for the uk to leave the eu . 
  the term is not a helpful one . 
  just to clarify , i am specifically arguing that leavers , like me , do not need to protest at this stage . 
  we won and we won at the ballot box . 
  the ballot box has more legitimacy than any protest . 
  obviously , if you are a remainer , having failed to win the referendum then your options are limited . 
  they can try and protest , but the risk is that they are perceived to be undermining democracy and ignoring the will of the people . 
   the only good thing i 've seen from remain is that they propagandize anything bad that happens to your economy . 
  that is the way . 
  any economic downturn must be constantly mentioned and linked to leave . 
  the trouble for them is that they argued that leaving would cause a recession , job losses , interest rate rises , an immediate recession , lower consumer confidence etc etc. 
  they are being proved wrong in every respect . 
   did you not see what 30 + years of protesting against the eu did ? 
  the most effective protest was via the democratic system . 
  elected representatives refusing to vote with the government within parliament . 
  i agree that in a democracy there are other ways of engaging and that it is not solely the ballot box that counts , but we have only just had the referendum . 
  leave won . 
  the government now supports the leave position . 
  frankly , if you are on the leave side , like me , there is no point protesting . 
  we won . 
  le figaro indicates it is an ongoing incident . 
  ira ( and uk experience with terrorism ) is part of it . 
  other factors like uk having lower unemployment and fewer weapons is another factor . 
  i worry that they will go for children next . 
  this incident against monks is not surprising though - remember that an old priest was killed in france a few months ago too . 
  terribly sad - thoughts with the victims and their families . 
  yes , but it seems as if another referendum is n't wanted by scottish people currently . 
   it seems only fair that the scots are given the choice to remain . 
  it seems , though , that a majority of scots do n't want another referendum at the moment . 
  obviously , nobody thinks that there is a consensus in the uk and everyone knows that the vote was a relatively close one . 
  but rather than using a weird 27 % number , it makes sense to use 52 % / 48 % or 17.4 million/16 .1 million which are much more meaningful . 
  why on earth do you think that is a relevant number ? 
  obviously , new born babies do n't have a view . 
  in a democracy the franchise is limited to adults . 
  of adults who voted , a majority ( on a high turn-out ) voted to leave . 
  writing `` 27 % '' does not delegitimise the extent to which british people want to leave the eu . 
  how did you get the 27 % number out of interest ? 
  but they have n't left yet !, 
  it is incredible to think of the number of people arrested by french anti-terrorist agents in the last 12 months . 
  the truth is that there were significant leave votes and significant remain votes in all parts of the uk . 
  dissolving devolution would change support . 
  polls have not asked this because it is not in question . 
   it 's time to admit that nato is just there to push us influence , nothing more . 
  nato is there to keep the usa in , germany down and russia out . 
  it works . 
  the obr yesterday showed predicted growth rates over the next few years in the uk would be fairly good . 
  all reports i have seen of the eu growth over the equivalent period have been less good ( partly because of continued low growth in france and italy ) and other problems in the eurozone . 
   i support the lib dems . 
  but that 's pointless because fptp means the tories or labour will always be the largest party . 
  our democracy is terrible compared to most other european countries less than two years ago the lib dems were in government . 
  however , currently they seem to very unpopular and becoming more and more irrelevant so they will be far from government . 
  if the lib dems really embraced liberalism i would likely vote for them . 
  but they do n't . 
  i do n't agree that our democracy is terrible compared to most other european countries - our system has show to have worked well if you take a long view of history . 
   at least i have an escape route if this country continues to go down the drain . 
  uk is going to continue to grow faster economically and create more jobs than the eu is . 
  but , if you hate the uk , you should certainly feel free to leave !, 
   better regulation under a tory government ? 
  the uk will have different governments that it elects from time to time under our democracy . 
  if you do n't like the tory way of regulating , then you can vote for a different government . 
  regulate differently ( and better ) . 
   this is important because quite a few brexit supporters ( myself included ) strongly support the high court ruling ( a core principle of our constitution is the primacy of parliament ) . 
  personally i thought that some bits of the high court ruling were good , but not all of it . 
  but overall the supremacy of parliament is such an important foundation of our constitution that i tend to agree with you . 
  also , what really is the point of going to protests ? 
  in this country we make decisions via the ballot box rather than by protesting . 
  17 million people turned up at the ballot box to vote leave on 23 june . 
  the fact that thousands failed to turn up to a protest is irrelevant ... 
  i do n't fully understand the question , but my hope and expectation is that the uk is not part of the single market . 
  obviously , the uk will trade with the single market . 
   europe will become synonymous with the eu not really . 
  europe is primarily a cultural , historical and geographical reality rather than the eu . 
  you might stop thinking you are european when you stop being an eu citizen , but i wo n't . 
  do you really think that switzerland is not part of europe ? 
  of course you do n't . 
   his attitude to europe i love europe . 
  i have a fantastic attitude towards it . 
   actually , to my best understanding most people want the same thing at a basic level , people do want things like healthcare , education , work , security and so forth . 
  but in terms of the detail of how their societies should be organised , they seem to want different things . 
  i am cool with that . 
   nobody argues that all countries are the same but they do argue for all countries being subject to the same eu straitjacket which clearly impacts different countries in totally different ways with devastating consequences . 
  in the long run this approach is unsustainable . 
  the eu needs to become far more flexible and accommodating to the various differences of its members and their different preferences . 
  this is the only way the eu can survive in the long-run . 
  it does not seem to recognise this . 
   but the u.k. is the one country ( in europe ) insisting on being super special . 
  uk is just being pragmatic and taking this approach first , recognising that this is what the people of the uk want . 
  sooner or later the rest of europe is going to be doing this too . 
  there will be a single market though the uk will not be part of it ( which is my strong preference ) . 
   and rational - i do not think so . 
  it 's hypocritical at best . 
  it can be rational and hypocritical . 
  these things are not opposites . 
   it does n't matter what the u.k. believes , this does n't change reality . 
  i find the whole `` no special snowflake '' argument a bit weird when it comes to countries . 
  what does it even mean ? 
  all countries are equal and should therefore be subject to same rules ? 
  that is self-evidently not true .
