  it would truly be an extraordinary thing . 
  i 'm just sorry it is `` either / or '' between scotland and ireland ... 
   the problem is someone has to take care of the migrants already in europe , as well . 
  ignoring them will make things worse and lead to unrest and crime waves , sending them back can only be done in an orderly fashion . 
  you first have to register them , process their asylum requests , take care of them for years ... and then there will still be lot of ( legal ) problems and procedures ... . i prefer that these migrants are at least in the legal system , then hundreds of thousands of illegals . 
  i understand your position , but i think the big risk here is that it incentivises other people to come to europe in this way ( undertaking dangerous journeys and paying money to criminal people smugglers ) . 
   you 're the one who started arguing numbers . 
  make up your mind . 
  i 'm not arguing about numbers . 
  i just was n't sure why you picked a particular number . 
  separately , i find your entire tone extremely hostile and argumentative . 
   a grand common endeavour - not in a purely pragmatic way . 
  this is why the uk should leave the eu . 
  for us it is not a common grand endeavour . 
  it is business . 
   so what you 're saying is that this `` alternative '' would see the number of refugees that can come to europe reduced drastically and force pretty much everyone to stay in jordan and lebanon . 
  no , the method of choosing refugees is totally separate from the number of refugees . 
   even in the unlikely event that it passed , this is not legislative , so nothing needs to be passed . 
   with the seething hatred for freedom of movement that exists amongst eurosceptics here , coupled with it being an efta requirement , i see the uk trying to create individual agreements with each nation that specifically say `` no immigrants '' instead . 
  just to be technical , free movement is not a requirement of efta . 
  switzerland negotiated free movement bilaterally with the eu ( not in its efta capactity ) . 
   the uk has no opt-out whatsoever when it comes to reaping the benefits of cooperation the uk does n't benefit from the euro or schengen . 
  you wrote :  but you guys have at times chosen to side with the us over your european partners ( see the iraq war ) . 
  this implied that a relevant consideration for the uk should be what france and germany were doing rather than what usa and poland were doing . 
  if you are trying to make a point that the uk should n't follow france and germany , why use an example when the uk did n't follow france and germany ? 
  this is what i do n't understand . 
  i agree with your general thoughts about the merits of the iraq war . 
   there will be no large-scale evacuation effort to bring a million people or more into the eu , not when taking in any refugees is already controversial in some countries , and i do n't believe for a second that the british government expects anything else . 
  you are responding to a point i made about calais . 
  the calais migrants are safe . 
   it does n't matter what the unhcr asks . 
  there will be no large-scale evacuation effort to bring a million people or more into the eu , if you are going to use numbers , it would make more sense to use the numbers that the unhcr is using . 
  separately , my point in mentioning the unhcr link was to show you that this method of welcoming refugees is orthodox . 
  in my mind it makes far more sense than choosing refugees who make dangerous journeys and give money to people smugglers . 
   exactly . 
  `` take in more ? 
  no , that would n't make sense !, 
  they 're already in a safe country , let them deal with it . '', 
  those are exactly the words i want to hear from someone who proposes a plan to actively and intentionally ship more refugees to the eu in good faith . 
  the whole purpose of giving help to refugees is to give help to people who need help - the people who are most vulnerable in refugee camps in the middle east . 
  the calais migrants do n't need help . 
  helping the calais migrants would make the situation at calais worse . 
   lol like uk and eastern europe will agree on quotas uk has an opt out . 
  eastern europe does n't . 
   if they wanted to take in more refugees , they could always start at calais . 
  no , that would not make sense . 
  everyone in calais is already completely safe . 
  france is a rich western country . 
  there is nothing stopping the people in calais requesting asylum in france . 
  if the uk takes some migrants from calais , this will encourage more people to go to calais , which will make the situtation there even worse . 
  the people that the uk should help are those that are most vulnerable . 
   it 's not unorthodox because it does n't make sense . 
  it 's unorthodox because no one does it . 
  of course countries do this . 
  [ it is exactly what the unhcr asks countries to do ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/548737926.html ) . 
   when was the last time daddy usa said let 's play war and the uk refused ? 
   uk probably at 16.000 - last number that left camerons mouth . 
  these are directly from refugee camps in the middle east . 
  ths uk is not participating in the eu quotas . 
   call me cynical , but when a country like the uk that usually does their best to keep refugees out do you know anything about the uk 's history of refugees ? 
   extremely unorthodox `` alternative '' it is n't unorthodox . 
  it makes far more sense than what is currently happening . 
   the border is not even the problem here . 
  the refugees were not allowed across the border according to the schengen agreements in the first place as they did not have valid visas . 
  so schengen is actually not the problem here . 
  they might not be allowed to cross the border , but you are not allowed to have checks on the border to see if they do cross so you ca n't really stop refugees crossing . 
  ( seems like they have the upper hand ... ), 
   where is the uk ? 
  uk is n't participating in this . 
  uk will do its own thing . 
   and what do you want to do with the ones already here ? 
  ultimately that it is for austria to decide what you do with them , though given that austria is in schengen , it has limited options as it ca n't really close the border with hungary . 
  certainly , it does not make sense for them to come to the uk ( the uk is outside schengen , so has more options ) . 
  i think all asylum seekers who make their way to europe across sea and land by dangerous boats and so forth should be returned to refugee camps around syria . 
  from there they should be able to claim asylum . 
  anything else just encourages even more people to make dangerous and expensive journeys . 
  surely this is a mistake ? 
  however , if other countries would prefer to take asylum seekers in this way , it is up to them . 
   that 's a separate problem , likewise is the war in syria as such . 
  if you move the registration centers to syria then you will have just the same number of people coming , just less money to smugglers . 
  but you still need to deal with them once they are here . 
  yes , though this way of doing it is ( in my mind ) is cheaper , safer , more efficient and more humane and avoids money going to people smugglers . 
  this is why i think the uk should only go by this method and refuse to participate in any scheme relating to asylum seekers already in europe . 
  ( not sure what other countries will do though . ), 
   they will have to . 
  the only alternative is to just not accept asylum seekers at all and that will be hard to argue for . 
  not quite . 
  there is another alternative , accepting asylum seekers directly from camps close to syria ( uk 's position ) rather than any who are making a journey across europe . 
   germany will re-distribute those people around europe after their application has been accepted anyways . 
  we will see if other european countries agree to this . 
  perhaps they will , perhaps they wo n't . 
   not saying you guys have to follow the french-german axis , but you guys have at times chosen to side with the us over your european partners ( see the iraq war ) . 
  you might just as well say that france and germany should have sided with their european partners , uk and poland . 
  just because france and germany take a different view from uk and poland , it is not the case that the former are right and the latter are wrong . 
  this is not some inherent part of efta though . 
  it is switzerland 's negotiation . 
  the uk will negotiate differently . 
  this is not true . 
  switzerland negotiated free movement , the uk would n't . 
  no , he is far left .
