  the scope of the tax has not been confirmed yet , but the commission 's original proposal was not limited to high frequency trading . 
  which good eu policies that our politicians told us originated in westminster will we miss ? 
  opinion polls have for years shown a majority of british people wanting a referendum on the eu . 
  a majority of people voted for parties explicitly promising referendums in their manifestos . 
  a majority of mps want a referendum . 
  and yet , somehow , you seem to think we should n't have one ? 
  no , i 've not said i do n't trust british politicians . 
  obviously there is a huge range of politicians in the uk , some of whom i trust some of whom i do n't . 
  however , as you have said there are some politicians in the uk who blame brussels for laws . 
  of course , they are partly right : the uk parliament no longer has the power to make lots of laws . 
  once out of the eu , politicians in the uk will be forced properly to engage in policy , with no excuses or face the elecorate . 
  this is a really welcome and exciting opportunity for us . 
  politicians becoming more answerable for their decisions is one of the main advantages of brexit that i look forward to . 
  an independent scotland could of course have a great financial services sector . 
  however , it could not do this under the scottish government 's plans , which did not have any certainty over currency . 
  this is very different from the uk outside the eu . 
  more than half of people who voted in the general election voted for parties promising a referendum . 
  no , there should n't be a supermajority . 
  the uk has no tradition of supermajorities for constitutional change . 
  we 're nowhere near at last poll stage though . 
  a lot of undecideds will be making their minds up over the coming months . 
  germany is in the process of putting in place a financial transactions tax . 
  finance is going to be leaving germany , not the other way round . 
  i 'm not sure if ashton can be apologized for . 
  she was so utterly horrendous , that nothing we say will ever make you forgive us ... 
  when we leave the eu , i am assuming that you will continue to have to pay for her lavish pension rather than us . 
  ukip have never been considered far right . 
  this is 20th century solution to a 20th century problem . 
  nobody really thinks that if the uk leaves the eu , there will be a war . 
  interesting times ... 
  the question is about whether swedes like immigrants . 
  i know they like immigration . 
  we know that you secretly like us more than you like them ... 
  it has often been said that the uk is a country that hates immigration but loves immigrants and i think there is a lot of truth in it . 
  i 've never heard the opposite expressed about sweden . 
  perhaps some swedes can comment on that . 
  do swedes love immigration but hate immigrants ? 
  hopefully we will stop being in a union with them soon . 
   could n't that be a positive for us , pushing more people towards le pen , who also wants changes in the eu . 
  we do n't want mlp on our side ... 
   i do n't have to think about 20 different conversions and give money to banks just to exchange currency every time i leave my country . 
  when you leave your country , you typically do n't need to do this anyway though . 
  i am going to italy tomorrow and only need to think about one conversion . 
  while there is a cost for changing money , in the context of the costs of my journey as a whole , the cost of changing money is negligible . 
  that cost needs to be weighed up against the benefits of an independent monetary policy . 
  finland is shaped like something else ... 
  the idea is not great if it does not achieve what it was designed to achieve . 
   but one can only hope that in another five years , a lot more of the older demographic have died and the younger generation are more left-leaning than the ones they replaced . 
  labour keep on waiting for that generation of labour-voting pensioners , as the older ones die off . 
  conservatives keep on having policies which favour pensioners . 
  guess how pensioners vote . 
   europe is the land of milk and honey not loads of difference between milk and honey on the one hand and milk and marmalade on the other in my mind ... 
   i 'd normally agree with this , but the uk is not a typical member state . 
  and do you know which other country is also not a typical member state ? 
  begins with an f , shaped like a hexagon , with presidential elections due in 2017 . 
  mlp knows this ... 
  the uk has to have the referendum during 2016 so as not to make brexit a factor in the french presidential elections . 
  ouch . 
  this is not the headline that cameron wanted . 
  this does highlight one of the incredible complexities of the renegotiation : - even if the uk proposals are welcome and sensible , the eu will not want to indicate that the uk has been successful in achieving them , because it will indicate that a country that holds a gun to the eu 's head will get good outcomes . 
  this obviously incentivises other countries to hold a gun to the eu 's head . 
  - this has parallels with the greece situation . 
  even though everyone could agree that a write-off of greek debt was necessary economically , it was not possible politically because effectively it would incentivise other countries to ask for the same thing . 
  it is interesting that the eu structures are such that what is more important than the actual substance of proposals are the processes for proposing . 
  this will inevitably lead to unfortunate outcomes . 
   schengen is over . 
  i do n't think schengen will die until france kills it . 
  surely sarko will be the one that does this ? 
   but not in the uk . 
  but they can live out their extraordinary dreams in one of the 26 schengen countries . 
  if any of those countries give nationality to these migrants , then they can move to the uk . 
  we already see for example many dutch-somalians living in the uk . 
   the lisbon treaty does actually not only allow , but obligates the eu to form a common asylum and migration policy . 
  that 's has n't exactly been done so far . 
  which article ? 
  what is the deadline ? 
  the uk fortunately has an opt out of this . 
  even if you take the view that the eu has not formed a common asylum and migration policy , this still does not mean that it is other countries rather than sweden that did not do what they promised to do . 
  by your reasoning , surely sweden would also not have done this too . 
  uk just seems to send embarrassingly poor people to eurovision . 
  it is kind of odd given the uk 's tradition with pop music ... 
   we should have a european intelligence service under eu law and ep oversight . 
  this is never going to happen . 
  the uk will never agree to this . 
  the uk trusts the anglosphere much more than it trusts the continent . 
   nah , do n't think it has much to do with sd . 
  they have been high in the polls for a while now . 
  more likely it has to do with the housing shortage . 
  the migrants are literally sleeping in the offices of the migration agency . 
  the things that caused the sd to grow in the polls also caused other parties to change their positions . 
  so while you are technically correct that it was not the sd that caused the other parties to change their positions , there is a relationship between them . 
   if the other eu countries actually did what they promised to do , what did they promise to do that they are not doing ? 
   they wo n't . 
  it 's easier to see if slovakia accomplishes anything before pissing brussels off for nothing . 
  uk does not agree with this approach to life . 
   unemployment is negatively correlated with inflation through the phillips curve . 
  the optimal rate of unemployment therefore is n't zero , it 's the lowest rate which does n't accelerate inflation , known as the nairu . 
  is the phillips curve something which all economists have a consensus on ? 
  are there opposing views ? 
  currently the uk has zero inflation and low unemployment .
