  many thanks to the moderators for organising this , i think it is a great initiative . 
  ( also , nice touch in getting india on to the map and a lot smaller than it would actually be , making european countries somehow look big and important ! ), 
  there was a time a couple of years ago when there were some quite prolific indian posters on this sub , i do n't see them very often these days regrettably . 
   will be under purview of echr since both acts were wenshrined under european law echr is a separate thing from eu . 
  brexit will happen while the uk is still in the echr . 
   and since theresa may wants to take the uk out of echr it 'd result in pissing off ireland one way or another . 
  not in the current parliament . 
  it might be a question at the next general election . 
  we already decided the leave the eu when we had a referendum . 
  everything like the good friday agreement , the scotland act , ftas etc will either survive or be enhanced repeated . 
  none of these things were written by moses . 
  they were all written by men and men can re-write them . 
   and tarriffs uk will not put tariffs on imports . 
  uk leaving eu entrenches epp as the largest group as the uk has no epp representatives . 
  at the time of the last eu elections , there was a belief that epp getting the most meps was not a foregone conclusion and that perhaps s&d might get the most seats . 
  it is hard to see this same narrative playing out in 2019 , it seems like epp will definitely get the most seats . 
  i am delighted we are leaving the single market . 
  it was my main reason for voting leave . 
  restaurants are generally booming in the uk since brexit . 
  i think he just does not have a good business model . 
  i eat out all the time but never go to his overpriced low quality places ... 
  he specifically said he would not resign , but some people thought that he would have to . 
  it is imperative that the uk leaves the single market . 
  the eu does not have a free trade agreement with the u.s. and the uk/eu deal is not the one brits want . 
  you did n't annoy me - you can post what you like !, 
  but note that the people brinterested in briscussing brexit are not just brits , lots of bruropeans want to think about it too . 
  dude - the uk economy has been doing great since we voted to leave the eu . 
  experts were wrong :-), 
  yes you can . 
  allowing people to physically enter the uk is not the same as giving them the right to work or live in the uk . 
  experts on the economy in the uk have just admitted that they made mistaken predictions . 
  people were right . 
   so sure , reduce tariffs , it wo n't help . 
  reducing tariffs does help . 
  all experts want free trade . 
   we do n't actually know that , because your government has yet to notify the eu we are leaving though . 
   all we 've seen so far is a lot of domestic posturing and empty threats , i.e. 
  the same old song . 
  you might have missed it , but we had a referendum . 
  i think it is wonderful that we have a free press !, 
  even more wonderful was seeing a tory press campaign against a tory government . 
  exciting times !, 
  uk will also engage in tariff free trade . 
   most brexiters blame the eu for the inevitabilities of globalisation i think the eu was insufficiently globalist . 
  i want the uk to be more globalist . 
   the fact that you decided to join 43 or so years ago should be a testament to that . 
  we began leaving the day we got an opt out of maastrict . 
  okay , we should have been a bit quicker in retrospect !, 
   so i hope you can agree it 's best to have a stance that will last a while & have it sooner rather than later . 
  that it 's needed for political stability & relations . 
  this only depends if we can agree . 
  uk bottom line will be uk does not contribute to eu budget , but does have tariff free trade and the uk will happily have good arrangements with eu on defence and intelligence sharing and uk will always be there in case anyone invades belgium  . 
  if eu does not want this , then expect a lot of uncertainty for a while . 
   do n't forget that your side to leave , yet it 's this side that 's twirling it 's fingers questioning when we can start preparing & negotiating for that . 
  that does n't reflect well . 
  there is actually a big cultural difference here . 
  ( the whole story of uk 's relationship was a cultural difference though , so no surprise . ), 
  uk has higher tolerance for uncertainty compared to a lot of europe . 
  for us , the current uncertainty and waiting is not scary , but necessary . 
  things do n't reflect well , but that is because this is the most complex negotiation in human history . 
  let 's enjoy being part of something so historic !, 
   well , i think democracy is the best system same and that is why i voted to leave the eu . 
   and let us continue with closer union you can do what you like and move to a full federation immediately . 
  not sure why this has n't already started , now that you know we are leaving !, 
  first thing you need to do is eurobonds . 
  best to check with your voters in advance though . 
   - hope all of eu collapse - the eu need us more than we need them !, 
  - we will have our cake and eat it - further delays , causing uncertainty that nobody wants - all other hostility guys , just accept the banter !, 
  we just have a different sense of humour from you !, 
  everything will be cool between us soon , 
   ukip has 0 % parliamentary representation with what 15-20 % of the vote . 
  guess what they voted on the referendum . 
  the whole purpose of ukip is to leave the eu , of course they voted to leave the eu . 
   but you can not ignore the contribution of protest voting and ignorance . 
  ultimately people were protesting against the uk 's membership of the eu . 
  that is why i voted leave . 
  so that the uk would leave the eu . 
  looks like it worked . 
   the brexit showed me that a bunch of old fashioned right wing populist can tear down a working system just for the sake of ` nationalism ' and the worst about it , the uneducated middle class falls for it ... we did n't just do it for `` nationalism '' we also did it hear your anger and to bathe in your tears . 
  source : am an old fashioned right wing populist . 
  play nicely or we will do something even worse to you . 
   unreasonable demands i am prepared for the uk government to walk away with no deal whatsoever , the only thing that i really think is important is tariff free trade , but that is important around the whole world . 
   the people were against the government that with 35 ~ % of the votes got 51 % of parliament so they voted against the government . 
  i think people voted against the eu rather than against the government . 
  more labour voters ( who are against the tory government ) voted remain and more tory voters ( who are for a tory government ) voted leave . 
   this involves signing separate treaties with every single country and since those countries are already in the single market it wo n't involve this because those countries can not sign trade agreements themselves . 
   the closest thing that would happen would be britain `` outside '' the single market following all regulations anyway since the countries who you are trading with are unwavering in their standards since they are bound to many other countries uk businesses trading with the eu will comply with eu regs , but not those uk businesses who do not trade with the eu . 
  uk businesses trading with china will comply with chinese regs . 
   importing and exporting without tariffs this is the only thing that is somewhat important , but leaving the eu is more important . 
   plus the eu wo n't be willing to be lenient with a brexit ` ed uk , lest other nations get similar ideas . 
  this kind of thing sounds a bit ussr to me . 
  just let countries do what they want . 
  be liberal and open to global free trade . 
   when cameron said `` i will resign if brexit wins cameron did not say this . 
  the eu will end up ( ironically ) liking us a lot more now that we are not a member . 
  experts want more eu though . 
   i hope you understand that the result of these will for the most part & for a long time remain fixed . 
  nothing is certain any more about this . 
  i think the uk would rather choose no deal than what might be perceived as a bad deal . 
  also , international relations are never fixed .
