  in the single market the uk can get outvoted . 
  what about singapore ? 
  or andorra ? 
  or iceland ? 
  or usa ? 
  or japan ? 
  or nigeria ? 
  there are loads of countries in the world that are not in the eu . 
  it seems perfectly possible to me . 
   first off india is much less integrated in the local eu-markets the uk has spent the last couple of decades disintegrating from the eu , with each year that passes the percentage of our exports going to the eu decreases . 
  also , are you really going to stop imports from the uk ?!, 
  that seems like nonsense to me . 
  the uk managed to be a country for centuries outside the eu !, 
  why do we somehow think we are not capable of governing ourselves ? 
  how does n't it make sense , really ? 
  i actually do n't understand the view that the risks and costs to the uk of governing itself are very steep . 
  there are hundreds of countries in the world that are not in the eu . 
  how come the uk ca n't be one of those ? 
   while their risks and costs are very steep . 
  india seems to manage outside the eu !, 
  i think we will too !, 
  given their past selfish attitude i 'm glad they 're leaving though . 
  we love you too , 
   2 . how on earth do you automatically form queues in public so nicely ? 
  it 's a free-for-all knuckles knees and elbows combat scene over here . 
  i do n't think this is a european thing , but it is very important in the uk . 
  i think lots of european countries do n't have strong cultural expectations of queues ... 
  all the british indians i know are gujarat . 
  i think it really colours what british people think when they think of india ... 
   who 's starting to suddenly buy goods ? 
  keep calm and carry on shopping . 
  it is n't raining in the picture which basically is proof that this is a fake . 
  january and september were never mentioned by may . 
  there was pressure on may to name a date by conservative party . 
  uk never talked about within two years . 
   there have been plans for a financial transaction tax to give the eu or eurozone it 's own fiscal resources . 
  i think that is still possible . 
  it is n't possible , but the uk hopes that you will put it in place . 
  i also think it is impressive that even though it is a giant subreddit , it is still a community where there are a few of us regulars that feel like familiar faces !, 
  well done the mods in the last year or so ... 
  currently i am fairly confident that / r/europe has high quality discussions so i am not looking for a new home and i think that the standard of moderation here is high !, 
  if it gets worse , firstly we must fight to keep it good and then secondly find a new home if need be !, 
   r/europes : tried this one ? 
  it 's supposed to be a curated discussion about european affairs . 
  not as prolific as here but comparable to r/geopolitics ( which sometimes cover european politics too by the way ) i actually do n't think that there are many posters there at all - otherwise it could have been good !, 
  i have looked around in the past but never found anywhere good . 
  i do n't recall the sites i looked at and none of them were memorable ... 
  find me anywhere that is better if you disagree !!, 
  pop music !, 
  while of course almost all consequences of brexit have been fantastic for everyone on both sides of the channel , it does disappoint me that the various people who threatened to quit the uk if the uk voted to leave the eu have so far not actually kept their promise . 
  this is london calling !, 
  i stay here because it is still tends to have the highest quality debate on the internet about european politics generally . 
  if there were a better place i would move there . 
  obviously , this sub does have a strong euphile bias ( though there are a few of us eusceptic hold-outs from across the continent ) . 
  in a sense that makes it a more interesting place for me as ( i ) i am forced to encounter and deal with opinions different from my own and ( ii ) the art of arguing a point using the socratic method is fundamentally more interesting than simply agreeing with someone . 
  from a practical perspective , as someone who was heavily involved in the eu referendum campaign on the ground ( leafleting , door-knocking , telephone canvassing , street stalls , speaking in debates etc ) i found that my years of arguing on / r/europe were incredibly helpful . 
  i already knew all the arguments that would be thrown at me !, 
  i do get annoyed by the downvotes and abusive language directed towards me , but i am not shy of complaining to the moderators about both and we are fortunate to have moderators who take action . 
  you have been the most prolific , i think i have seen a couple of others too , but perhaps it has just been you !, 
  i just do n't see the disarray . 
  we have a government and a normal democratic process for brexit , high economic growth and low unemployment . 
  what kind of disarray are you talking about ? 
  brexit will be triggered within the next three months . 
  they have not lost the war . 
  it means leaving the eu . 
  this article is one of the most interesting discussions to have appeared since the brexit referendum . 
  in particular , it points out that leave was an unlikely outcome and vote leave were lucky in some respects . 
  it also points out that the remain side made some unforced errors and without these errors it could have won . 
  i met dominic cummings a few times during the referendum campaign - a very bright guy . 
  it was exciting to have been part of something so historic . 
   why is a second referendum so threating then ? 
  why would there be a second referendum ? 
  we had one already . 
  we do n't just have another one just because you do n't like the first one as that would be undemocratic . 
  there has to be a specific reason for another referendum . 
   why inst anyone proposing an automatic reintegration in 5 years barring a second post sovereignty referendum ? 
  because it would not be capable of being respected . 
   and that it should change this is one of the most interesting paradoxes about the eu . 
  everyone can agree that it needs to be `` reformed '' . 
  nobody can agree what that means . 
   of wanting to dissolve the eu and going back in time history is not linear . 
   in every single democracy in the world , the repercussions are up for discussion in 4 years or so ... 
  the repercussions of brexit will be discussed by everyone every day in the whole of europe for years and years . 
  it seems like we discuss very little else . 
   and look at them run so determinate to bag this before anyone wakes up we voted to leave on 23 june , since then there has been a parliamentary process and a judicial process and there will follow a legislative process and a negotiation process . 
  this is happening slower than a lot of people want . 
   i 'm not sure why people keep saying this . 
  it makes them feel happy . 
  in every single democracy in the world , children , who are excluded from the franchise do n't get to decide what happens when it comes to voting . 
  uk is no different . 
   and having the supreme power to contest one 's own national government in a superior court in the uk people can still take their national government to court . 
  no thanks !, 
  i did n't say that it trumped their legal obligation in terms of causing a change to the law ( as obviously a change in political situation does not change the law ) but it does trump whether or not there is any remotely realistic scenario under which sweden might join the euro or whether they will continue to `` hold out '' which was what this thread related to . 
  from this perspective , the politics most certainly does trump the lack of opt out . 
  it is also worth noting that sweden , differently from the other non-euro member states , joined the treaties before emu was part of the acquis . 
  in my post i specifically wrote `` political perspective '' as the fact of their referendum does change the politics of the situation . 
  sweden had a referendum about it though , which , from a political perspective , trumps their lack of opt out . 
  everyone - stop just downvoting eurosceptics !, 
  out of interest has brexit had any impact on euscepticism in iceland or changed the debate at all in relation to the eea ? 
  is anyone in the government worried that they might not get the result that they want ?
