  those immigrants farange complains about pay taxes and strengthen the british economy . 
  salaries are now lower , sure , and in spain those british business usually hire other expats rather than local people , but you ca n't have one thing without the other . 
  well , it sounds like we are agreed . 
  personally i think that the uk ( as a whole ) benefits from relatively lax immigration laws . 
  the uk can still have these laws once it leaves the eu . 
  i think spain has benefitted much less than britain , partly because a generation of the most entrepreneurial and hardest working spaniards have moved out of spain . 
   also i find quite hilarious how they can afford to call themselves liberal while advocating national protectionism by kicking out immigrants . 
  i do n't know what le pen 's position is , but the ukip position is not to kick out anyone that has come to the uk lawfully . 
  it is simply to change the law going forwards . 
   oh , so the black or brown british working class are of no concern whatsoever , i see . 
  those are surely ok . no , black working class british people have the same concerns as white working class british people . 
   and of course you 'd prefer him not to use the word `` white '' , but that 's what happens when you support a pig-disgusting racist like farange : you end up having to spin things so he only looks like a xenophobe . 
  i do n't think this statement was racist or xenophobic though . 
  i agree that it was unhelpful and i certainly would not have made it myself . 
   the problem is that this goes both ways , kid . 
  in my very mediterranean country we have around 2 million british citizens living here on a permanent basis , many of them taking advantage of our better healthcare system and setting up business that accept pounds instead of euros therefore ensuring none of that wealth ends up benefiting the rest of the region . 
  i think you will know better than me whether or not the presence of brits in spain is good for spain or bad for spain . 
  i expect you will probably agree with me that there are some good things about it and also some bad things . 
  if brits leave , then house prices will collapse further . 
  i also understand that britain has to pay spain for the healthcare costs of brits using the spanish system . 
  i also expect that those businesses in spain that accept pounds do help the wider region too , as many people will transfer money . 
  presumably some of those businesses employ spanish people , who then spend their earnings in spain ? 
  and pay taxes in spain ? 
  anyway , even if you think that the presence of brits in spain is harmful to spain , then surely the logical conclusion is that britain should leave the eu ? 
  it sounds like we are in agreement . 
   i am not sure of that . 
  i agree with you , maybe people would prefer a brit to tell them why britain should stay in the eu . 
  on the other hand , it is flattering that a non-brit cares so much about having you in the club . 
  i understand what you are saying , but i do n't think british people would feel flattered by this . 
  ( i actually find it really surprising that so many europeans want britain in the eu but are so against turkey being in the eu for example . 
  i like turks just as much as i like other europeans . ), 
  in the debates about scottish independence , english politians are careful not to be involved in any of the debates . 
  this is partly because we know that scotland would hate it if we did get involved . 
  and also the english know that ultimately it is a decision that scotland must make for itslelf . 
  and so it also is with the uk in the eu . 
   verhofstadt has the same style of farage , just on the other side . 
  and i am convinced that those who follow him are more bewitched by his style and what it evokes than by rational arguments at all . 
  on the other hand , clegg is a privileged child who has no idea of what is population target is , how the live and how they think , and even the way he talks unnerves the common people . 
  in some ways i agree with this too . 
  emotional arguments are much more interesting than purely economic arguments . 
  the trouble with this approach is that very few british people really feel european in an emotional way or have an emotional belief in the idea of a common european destiny . 
  british emotional identity is very distinct . 
  to appeal to brits emotionally , all farage needs to do is quote shakespeare : '' [ this scepter 'd isle , this precious stone set in the silver sea , this blessed plot , this earth , this realm , this england ] ( http://shakespeare.mit.edu/richardii/richardii.2.1.html ) '' or perhaps churchill : '' [ this was their finest hour ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/this_was_their_finest_hour ) '' . 
  i just do n't think verhofstadt would stand a chance against that rhetoric and emotion . 
  brits never wanted europe to be a federation . 
  they just wanted it to be a market where no wars take place . 
   honestly , do the british people also want to withdraw from the european convention of human rights . 
  on balance i think i would support britain leaving the european convention of human rights . 
  i find the idea of `` rights '' existing on a european level a bit odd . 
  in my mind rights are a global thing and can be enforced on a national basis . 
   the european convention on refugees which particular text are you referring to here ? 
   a decision that becomes irrelevant when you need an employee . 
  frequently , the need for an employee is uncertain and not black and white . 
  as an employer , sometimes i might have a want of a new employee but decide instead just to do more work myself or re-allocate existing work . 
  or just decide not to produce as much . 
  or decide only to hire at a later stage and wait as long as posssible before hiring . 
  it generally is n't a black and white decision or need and there are a range of considerations . 
  one of those considerations is always `` how easy will it be to fire this person if the things do n't work out '' . 
   supply and demand works for employees , too , after all . 
  i quite agree . 
   who 's he referring to as `` white working class '' then ? 
  he is referring to white british working class people that have not benefitted from immigration . 
  personally i would have preferred him not to use the word `` white '' , as it is unnecessary . 
  he is making the point that middle class british people ( like me ) have been the main beneficiaries of immigration . 
   mediterranean immigrants are also white working class as well . 
  agreed . 
  however , most mediterranean immigrants to the uk have benefitted from being able to move to the uk . 
   yes , two-speed europe is what the uk should work for rather than leaving . 
  this is what cameron wants and also what most proeu british people want . 
  if the second speed were slow enough , then i would consider voting for it myself . 
  however , will the rest of the eu really agree to a two-speed europe like this ? 
  is this really an option ? 
  will the french ever agree to this ? 
  if it is n't an option , then leaving is better than the current arrangement . 
  also , as a matter of diplomacy it is important that the uk shows the eu ( and your own country and others in the pro free market bloc ) that the uk is serious about leaving . 
  by being serious , we are focusing your minds . 
   a very big migratory wave from the mediterranean farage is referring to portugal , italy , greece and spain . 
  this is n't `` non-white '' immigration . 
  the vast majority of immigrants to britain from portugal , italy , greece and spain are white . 
   and non-white immigrants are the problem [ citation needed . ], 
   not for the countries who are pro free market , which includes the nordic countries . 
  our bloc will be severely hampered by the uk leaving . 
  there is some truth in this . 
  that 's why i hope we can come to a sensible arrangement in which the uk stays in the free market and continues to push for the deepening and widening of that free market ( to include all services and with links to many more nations , like uscaaunz ) but gets out of the `` ever closer union '' and `` citizenship '' and `` justice and security '' and `` foreign affairs '' parts . 
  this would be a good outcome for the pro free market bloc . 
  verhofstadt is very anti-british and is also a federalist . 
  believe me , farage would love to debate verhofstadt in front of a british audience . 
  if the person who would best make the case for britain in the eu is n't even british , then the proeu camp in britain has some serious problems . 
  verhofstadt debating farage would really increase euscepticism in the uk . 
  it will be fine . 
  it will be better for both the eu and the uk . 
  the eu can move quicker towards being a full federation without uk slowing down the process . 
  the uk will regain full sovereignty . 
  everyone is a winner . 
  would you still have this opinion if the contracting economy was causing high unemployment ? 
  rights for workers mean nothing to people without a job . 
  i 'm going to assume here that you are not an employer . 
  as an employer , the costs of being able to fire an employee are certainly a relevant factor when it comes to making a decision about hiring . 
  agreed / it was not my choice to use eastern europe as a comparator . 
  i was just correcting the data of another poster .
