  i find most soap operas on the tv offensive and incompatible with modern western thought . 
  but do you know what ? 
  what i get offended by is kinda irrelevant . 
  as for modern western thought ? 
  pragmatism is the finest part of that tradition . 
   but to me , having one person above the law denigrates the law . 
  [ she 's not really been above the law since 1215 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magna_carta ) . 
  next year in the uk we will be celebrating 800 years of monarchy subject to the law . 
  that 's quite some tradition , is n't it ?!, 
   correct me if i am wrong , but the uk has abandoned the concept of ex post facto prosecutions . 
  so if the queen killed someone while she was immune , you could remove that immunity and prosecute , right ? 
  i have n't checked the law here recently , but i expect you are correct . 
  however , the day the queen kills someone , there will be other things going on in the uk ... !, 
   shocked to hear many want charles to be queen most hope he will become king rather than queen . 
  though if he decides to become a queen rather than a king , i guess we will live with it . 
   i recently worked on an english law matter ; in terms of contract law , it is almost identical to american , which kind of makes sense , since we got it from you . 
  i had a chuckle at some of the opinions which criticized continental concepts of contractual interpretation . 
  yes , the common law is essentially similar , and the common law jurisdictions respect ( rather than follow ) each others decisions , thus move broadly in the same direction . 
  there have been discussions about an eu law for contract . 
  the uk remains strictly opposed to this . 
   also , on a conceptual level , i can not wrap my head around the idea that a person `` is '' the nation , or patriotic loyalty to a person . 
  strictly speaking , most brits feel loyalty to the crown ( and constitution ) rather than the monarch . 
  but generally we never think about it . 
  the uk is actually much less patriotic than most countries . 
  in the uk patriotism is considered a somewhat vulgar thing for overseas people . 
   woudl n't it be more logical to choose ukip on national and a eurosceptic group that wants to build down eu competencies in the ep . 
  does the ep have power to build down eu competencies ? 
  i 'm not sure if it even has that power . 
  i thought eu competencies came from the member states . 
  also , as mentioned , voting ukip in the eu parliament dramatically shifts the debate in the uk , making it more likely that the uk leaves the eu . 
  therefore it is logical . 
   not only moral . 
  also not you ca n't but that you should n't have to . 
  i 'm not sure if i fully understand this . 
  whatever the electoral system was in the uk , i would have voted ukip in the ep elections on the basis that this most closely represented my position . 
  as long as the uk stays in the eu , i will be sending ukip politicians there to represent me . 
   my father was an attorney , as am i. i 'm a lawyer too :-)  although civil and criminal proceedings can not be taken against the sovereign as a person under uk law . 
  i 'm cool with this . 
  if she were to commit a crime , there would likely be a consitutional change . 
  but i do n't think laws should change just for the sake of it . 
  legal changes should relate to real problems rather than hypothetical problems . 
   but we do not swear allegiances to them we do not put their faces on our money , so on and so forth i 've never sworn allegiance to the queen . 
  i ca n't bring myself to care about her face being on coins . 
   furthermore , it undermines any semblance of `` merit . '', 
  in theory , this is true . 
  yet , take a look at the monarchies of north west europe generally : sweden , norway , denmark , netherlands , belgium , luxembourg , uk . 
  these countries , as a whole , are among the most peaceful , wealthy and fair countries in the world . 
  the monarchies do n't seem , in fact , to have lead to poor outcomes . 
   but is he the person the the people of the uk want to be their sovereign ? 
  i do n't think he will be a good king and nothing like as good as his mother . 
  but i still think he should be the sovereign . 
  britain 's constitutional development as a whole has been evolutionary rather than revolutionary : in response to actual problems rather than pretend ones . 
  also , a large majority of the british public do want charles to be king . 
  also , there is nothing under the law that stops a political group or a political party campaigning for republicanism and several exist . 
  but they never get anywhere because the monarchy is popular . 
  getting rid of the monarchy in the uk would be ( ironically ) undemocratic and contrary to the wishes of the majority ... !, 
   it is like she is quite literally a puppet who is just reading what is handed to her . 
  she has various civil servants who write her stuff for her . 
   i like the whole ceremonial aspect of assertion of the parliament over the queen , but why have the queen herself read something that was written by the government ? 
  have the ceremony , and she can delegate the reading to the pm , or the like . 
  one of the few things that the uk does brilliantly is pomp and ceremony and great state events . 
  this is wonderful soft power : everyone in the world tunes in to the wedding of kate and william . 
  the monarchy are a massive addition to brand uk . 
  the uk can use this to massive economic advantage . 
  let 's be pragmatic !, 
   with the exception of the monarchy ( and not just the uk monarchy , i am against all of them ) . 
  on a principled basis ? 
  i am also against them on a principled basis . 
  but at heart i am more of a pragmatist than an idealist and do n't think that getting rid of the monarchy would lead to better outcomes . 
   no need to be so touchy . 
  i do n't mean to be touchy . 
  often on this forum continental europeans express anoyance when brits use the word `` europe '' as a way of describing continenal europe without britain . 
  it is this annoyance that i find somewhat surprising , because it is annoyance at a language rather than anything else . 
  i guess american english is different from british english in this regard . 
   what if they 're aiming at destroying liberal democracy ? 
  seems to me that 's the entire question . 
  yes . 
  i think that even those people who want to destroy liberal democracy , should be free to campaign to end it . 
  i think liberal democracy should be confident that it can persuade people by argument . 
  i think a liberal democracy that outlaws those who campaign to end it is less liberal . 
   `` feelings '' when i wrote `` offensive '' i did n't mean that it was only about offense and subjective transient feelings , though it is partly about that . 
  i could have equally written `` even if their opinions would , if put into law , cause harm '' . 
   i think it was in france , where several far-right-leaning violent groups , that mostly acted in the streets , were actually disbanded by law a few decades back , with good results . 
  i think we can distinguish between violence , which is against the law and that law should be enforced , and those that have a far right platform , but do n't commit violence . 
  do you think those people with a far right political platform who do n't commit violence should be outlawed ? 
   the sole mediatic demonization of an otherwise legal party on the other hand , like the fn has had in the french media , is stupid and does what you said ( and it does give the impression that the critics are only concerned about feelings and political correctness , clouding an actual policy debate ) . 
  what are you ultimately proposing to do about fn , jobbik , npd , golden dawn ? 
  ( here in the uk we 've forgotten about the bnp and do n't think we need to do anything different . ), 
  do you think making them illegal would lead to a good outcome ? 
  i think that could lead to devastating consequences . 
  if you remove people 's ability to vote for the party of their choosing , it may cause them to resort to more harmful methods of making a political point . 
   proper neo-nazi parties should never be allowed . 
  however much i disagree with neo-nazi parties and the likes of npd , jobbik , bnp , golden dawn etc , i would not be in favour of making them illegal . 
  for one thing , in a liberal democracy people should be free to campaign to change the law , even if their opinions are offensive and unpopular . 
  for another thing , making these parties illegal might be counter-productive and actually increase their support . 
  the bnp in the uk has almost died by itself , through in-fighting , the media engaging with it seriously , economic growth and the other political parties talking openly about immigration . 
  i think that 's the best way to deal with neo-nazis . 
  who else are the 5 star movement going to get a group with ? 
  they have to get a group somehow and they will likely want a to be in a `` sceptic '' group . 
  [ ukip and m5s are already in talks .
