  this is a question for your democracy . 
  there should be a debate , should n't there ? 
  how come your parliament are debating it ? 
  finnish climate is not really a consequence of choices made by the finnish parliament . 
  it is also not something that finland can really change . 
  the euro is not like that : it is profoundly political . 
  when did europeans decide that some political issues should not be discussed in their national parliaments ? 
  are you afraid of this discussion ? 
  if he was right all the time on a question of national importance , is n't this still something that should be debated in your national parliament ? 
  if britain votes out of the eu , the impact on dutch politics will be extraordinary . 
   i 'm french and i 'm not bilingual so excuse my many english mistakes . 
  your english seems good to me . 
  however , if you are worried about it , i am more than happy to check it for you when you write to bowie ( or if you prefer to write something in french first of all , i am more than happy to translate it into english for you ) . 
  unfortunately i do n't know anything about how to contact bowie . 
   democracies control what people think . 
  i disagree . 
  people think in different ways . 
  you and i both consume media , we consider it and we reach different conclusions . 
  it does not make sense to think of the media as simply `` manipulation resources '' . 
  in a society where press is free and plural , it is hard to effectively manipulate the people , especially when ( in the internet age ) obtaining a variety of opinion is incredibly easy . 
  in the case of the dutch and their views on immigration , what are we really afraid of ? 
  they have a free press and they have a mature democracy . 
  the discussion on immigration should be part of that and we should not fear it being a topic either for the press or for the democratic process . 
  we should welcome it . 
  this is effectively an argument against either a free press or elections generally . 
  in a free country with a plural media , everyone can manipulate everyone else with whatever propaganda they can find . 
  then the people can vote . 
  we should not fear the democratic process , we should welcome it . 
  people in continental europe sometimes think of the uk labour party as being the equivalent of their social democrat parties , like spd in germany or ps in france or psoe in spain . 
  in fact , it is n't really like that . 
  the uk does not really have a significant far left party and thus most far left people vote for the labour party and are within its political family . 
  the labour party is thus effectively a coalition : between continental european centre left social democrat parties and hard left parties . 
  it is the german equivalent of spd+l inke or the french ps+fg or the spanish psoe+i zquierda unida . 
  for years ( end of 80s onwards , with kinnock , blair , brown and milliband ) the centre left has been dominant and the hard left has been on the fringe . 
  but it was n't always like this : in the early 80s the hard left were very powerful in the labour party . 
  what we are seeing now is that the hard left are in control of the labour party . 
  i do n't see how the labour party can continue like this , they certainly ca n't fight a general election with this leadership . 
  hopefully the labour party will come to its senses soon . 
  with luck they will get some awful election results over the next couple of years in local and regional elections . 
   if you ask me , the entire idea of a country 's democratically-elected leaders needing permission from a non-elected foreign body to make decisions about their own budgetary proces , is just completely ridiculous it is the ultimate undermining of national democracy . 
   now i do n't want them to leave the eu :-( the entente cordiale will continue after we leave the eu , do n't worry . 
  we will continue to love and hate each other over channel in the same way as we currently do . 
   uk did n't vote at all . 
  the uk decided to stay opted out . 
  the uk , if it believed in the policy , could have opted in . 
  the uk does not agree with the resettlement of refugees policy . 
   if communism taught people anything good , it was how to queue . 
  :d british people love queues too . 
  luckily we missed out the communism part ... 
   there are legitimate arguments against `` shoot to kill '' in the uk , which corbyn does support when `` strictly necessary '' . 
  while there are some legitimate arguments , corbyn failed to make them when the issue was initially raised with him . 
  this indicates that he has incredibly poor communication skills . 
  the parliamentary labour party are of course massively angry with him about this uncessary confusion . 
  they will get rid of him within the next 24 months . 
   no need to debate , never gon na happen . 
  of course it is sensible to debate this question . 
  what is a national parliament for if not to debate questions of profound national importance ? 
   ah look at that , it was removed . 
  this is a tricky subject , i know the rules should be followed , but the fact that s reaches low point is not the interesting part of this article ( atleast not in these days ) , so it would 've been futile to use the original headline . 
  oh well why do n't you repost , without the editorialised headline and with a translation ? 
  you can discuss the interesting part of the article in the thread rather than in heading . 
  op : the mods might pull this submission on the basis that it is not english language and there is no translation . 
  do you want to do a rough and ready translation ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that banks are already caught by this . 
  catching countries is a far harder exercise . 
  my little patriot ... 
  yeah , so maybe best not to share a currency then . 
  this really depends on what czech decides to do . 
  if he is a productive member of society , i would have thought czech would give him a visa . 
  if he is n't productive , he should n't be there . 
  if you think those countries are so different , they should n't be sharing a currency . 
  if you 'd put in place fiscal integration before the currency union , the problems with greece would not have arisen . 
  if you 're working in the czech republic , what are you actual concerns ? 
  that they would demand that you left the country ? 
  ok , thanks , sorry !, 
  i misunderstood !, 
  hopefully you are happy in the uk . 
  it is far more sensible to put in place fiscal integration before currency union . 
  which country are you in ? 
  are you on benefits there and likely to get exported ? 
  or are you working and productive ? 
  there is no right just to choose to live in the uk . 
  learning english is a basic requirement to moving here . 
  of course you would lose it !, 
  but , why do you want it ? 
  what are you really planning on doing with it ? 
   why are you willing to keep couples and families apart ? 
  they 're not being kept apart . 
  they can move to another country . 
   because of the slowness of eu efforts to enact some of these measures , the french paper voices exasperation and calls for the policies to be established as quickly as possible . 
  if the call for storing air passengers ' data is not satisfied quickly , the french warn , national governments will go ahead on their own outside the eu framework . 
  it is great that the french are coming round to the idea that the decisions of national governments should trump the decisions of eu institutions . 
   sad that such persons never have to explain themselves in front of a court though : life imprisonment is much more fitting of a sentence for them . 
  agreed . 
  in circumstances where it is possible for a trial to occur , it is always better for it to occur . 
  given that it was n't possible , it is very good that the french police had the authority and orders to shoot to kill . 
   i sincerely doubt that germany will build any kind of fence . 
  this is another way of saying that the outer borders of the mini-schengen would not be secured . 
  there are multiple other ways into germany ( e.g. 
  via italy , then switzerland or france ) .
