  people in the uk wanted a radical repatriation of powers . 
   you know how frustrating this was for the rest of europe ? 
  it makes your country look like an utterly spoilt , petulant child in a european perspective . 
  i agree that the renegotiation made no sense . 
  we should have just left . 
  however , in the long run europe will thank us . 
  this whole experience will be existential ( brexistential ?! ), 
  for the eu . 
  it will have to really think about its purpose and really explain that to the voter . 
  this is a wonderful opportunity for europe and we should all be excited about it . 
  i am hearing it will be triggered on 31 december ( which makes sense to me ) . 
   you got even more in february no , the uk only got one more exception in february . 
  opt out of `` ever closer union '' . 
   he seems to be expecting every mp to rally behind brexit now , including those whose constituents elected against brexit . 
  how is that respecting the democratic will ? 
  we had a referendum and `` leave '' won . 
  are you arguing that mps should now vote in relation to the eu on the basis of how their constituents voted ? 
  this is clearly nonsense , but it would create a parliamentary majority for leave . 
   in fact trucidator even proposed ignoring all eu laws and treaties no , i am simply proposing that the uk begin , after it triggers article 50 , negotiations with other countries in relation to free trade . 
  free trade is a good thing not a bad thing . 
  you should welcome it . 
   when farage and his fascist pals are rising in popularity fascists ? 
  there are almost zero fascists in the uk . 
  they should have a referendum . 
   it would be a great experiment . 
  though historical experience shows that other states will use that opportunity to grow their own industry at the expense of the uk 's . 
  i think it would ultimately make the uk 's own economy more efficient . 
  it would also be great for british consumers . 
  trade is about competition . 
  if they can get the same deal with the uk as they have now , except they do n't have to open their market for uk cars , or the uk has to open its market for additional products of theirs , that 's to their relative advantage . 
  do you really think that eg . 
  china is n't going to put some clauses in the treaty that advantages their national industry ? 
  actually , free trade ( which i firmly believe in ) is just as much about helping your importers as your exporters . 
  personally i think the uk should just unilaterally reduce all tariffs and open up its markets to the entire world . 
  just like that . 
  job done . 
   why would those countries give you good terms for free when they now have the opportunity to renegotiate and get a lot more concessions ( since their negotiating partner now has a lot less to offer than the entire eu had ) ? 
  trade deals are n't about screwing over the other side , any more than any other transactions are . 
   i agree . 
  still , that time period was n't the best example of national democracy . 
  what is interesting here is that brits have a fundamentally different historical reaction to that period compared to most continental europeans . 
  this difference partly explains last week 's vote . 
   ( and the largest common market in the world ) the eu is not the largest common market in the world . 
   for all i care , you can send diplomats to negotiate the shit out of zimbabwe , like , right now . 
  but you ca n't close a deal with them . 
  any deal the uk negotiates with outside countries while it is a member of the eu will be void . 
  negotiates refers to the process of negotiation , not the actual signing of the deal . 
   i think his point was more about the fact that is yet another trade deal that will have to be renegotiated . 
  and the uk has its hands full already . 
  all existing trade deals can largely be replicated immediately . 
  that 's the point . 
   it protects the eu from member states leaving and somehow thinking they should get a sweet deal . 
  so the only way that the eu can stay together is by threatening countries that want to leave ? 
  this is not going to work . 
   it shows you have no clue how the eu works you have no idea how the uk works , which is a shame for you because you live in the uk ( though seem to hate it ) . 
   the law protects the eu ... 
  it 's the whole points of the countless treaties and directives , and agreement that have been signed between member states . 
  you 've not actually explained why this particular law protects the eu . 
   in any case , it does n't matter since you do n't have the manpower to negotiate more than 1 or 2 ftas at the same time . 
  you have around 50 to replace and they take close to a decade to finalise . 
  you do the maths . 
  replacing the current ones will not be hard . 
  it is the new ones that will be harder . 
   the eu will throw the uk under the bus faster extremely quickly . 
  german cars or no german car . 
  the eu is not capable of making decisions in crises . 
   you are in the eu -  eu trade deals apply the point is that there is no reason , while the uk is in the process of leaving the eu , for it not be able to negotiate with other countries in the world . 
   also why on earth would the eu repeal laws meant to protect it as a favour for a lame duck member ? 
  this law does n't protect the eu . 
  the eu is n't protected by trying to stop the uk trading . 
  seriously , why does the eu need to be protected from the uk negotiating a free trade agreement with australia ? 
  it is simply harming the uk . 
   what makes you think the eu does n't want the uk to trade globally ? 
  the commissioner is trying to emphasise that the uk should not be able to negotiate free trade agreements with other countries in the world . 
   it has been said over and over , a brexit would harm the uk and the eu . 
  now complaing about the harm it would cause , well ... 
  it harms the eu and the uk if it inhibits global trade . 
  by stopping the uk from going about global trade , harm is caused . 
  therefore the uk should be able to get on with global trade , which will help everyone . 
  let 's make this easy rather than hard . 
   then you will most likely be punished for it . 
  it could be through economic sanctions or , even worse , a tarnished reputation . 
  lol !, 
  the eu is not going to sanction the uk !, 
   what you are suggesting is akin to negotiating in bad faith , this will surely go down well with your future partners knowing that the uk ( actually just you a random reddit nobody ) can go back on their words or unilaterally void a treaty because they feel like it . 
  not really . 
  the uk negotiating with other countries is not really bad faith . 
  ideally the eu would change laws that are insane , but if the eu is too insane to do that , then the uk will have no option but to ignore them . 
   that aside , this law was not introduced to piss the uk off . 
  it is around since long before the brexit referendum even was announced . 
  the idea is to prevent individual countries to `` sell '' access to the eu market for their own profit and keep the access harmonized . 
  the law makes sense ( arguably ) for countries that want to stay in the eu . 
  it makes no sense for countries that want to leave the eu . 
  therefore , the law should be changed so that it does not apply to countries that are leaving the eu . 
   south korea ? 
  eu deal . 
  why on earth would south korea not want to continue its current trading arrangements with the uk ? 
   not at all . 
  as many uk politicians said , they are going for whatever is best for the uk . 
  why should the eu not also do what is best for the eu ?
