  the conservative party is very divided on the question of the eu . 
  this renegotiation is going to be very difficult for it . 
   i thought the uk was not against the euro , but just did n't want to be in it by themselves . 
  odd and very divisive stuff . 
  the uk 's position has been that the euro was badly designed and fundamentally flawed , because it has no transfer mechanism . 
   single foreign policy this is not something that the uk wants . 
   completely relying upon the us , that 's just not going to work in the future hopefully some other european countries will start taking defence more seriously . 
  it is shameful that other than uk and france most of europe does not take defence seriously . 
  sounds like the norwegian foreign minister is worried that the uk might leave . 
  `` experts '' ? 
  experts in what ? 
  what gives them expertise ? 
  i think norway does great outside the eu . 
  i do n't know any brits that are isolationist . 
  almost every brit wants to stay in nato for example , which is not `` neutral '' . 
  the uk is not stopping being part of the west . 
  the uk has recently sent military trainers to ukraine , and i strongly support this . 
  it is hardly isolationist . 
   i 'm not sure about any cherry-picking . 
  the way cameron has put it in his speeches i gather that he wants to reform the eu with emphasis on the british image on what it should be . 
  not in those words , but that 's basically it . 
  ironically , the two most successful things about the eu ( the single market and the expansion eastwards ) have been pushed harder than the uk than any other country . 
  the least successful thing about the eu ( currency union without fiscal union ) has been resisted by the uk . 
  the uk 's other recent demands , for the eu to become more flexible , with power flowing in both ways and an end to ever closer union , are also sensible things that could improve the eu . 
  i do n't know how long it take them to implement a law , but the referendum has already had an impact in that they have not signed up to free movment with croatia . 
  i do n't particularly want the uk to pick and choose , my preference is a fta between the uk and the reu , canada or south korea style . 
  to whoever is downvoting all my posts , please stop doing this . 
  it is a breach of rediquette . 
  leaving the eu is not isolationist . 
  leaving the eu is a way of embracing a global future in a globalised world . 
  in a post-service economy , geography meets less and less . 
  the uk is not a `` neutral '' country . 
  the uk is part of the west and nato and the five eyes . 
  you 're talking total nonsense . 
  the uk is not isolationist whether or not it leaves the eu . 
  canada , australia , norway and switzerland are also not isolationist and of these only one is neutral . 
  the uk outside the eu will remain a nuclear power , with a unsc permanent seat , a large military , massive global soft power , home of the global language , home of the most globalised city , the fifth largest economy in the world . 
  the uk is not being left behind of the world stage - how did you work that out ? 
  the uk does not leech off america - obvuously the uk is the junior partner , but that is not leeching . 
  very interesting results . 
  part of a wider trend of growth in insurgent parties across the eu i guess . 
   that was allready sarkozy 's theme when he was elected 8 years ago though . 
  my guess is that the french will vote to get rid of hollande and if that means sarko is back , they will do that , even if they are not happy with sarko and do n't really believe his rhetoric . 
  as for what will happen to unemployment in france i am sure you know better than me !, 
   or has france always does , it can decide to `` wait the crisis out '' which is its usual remedy because the french are so opposed to `` anglo-saxon culture '' since cutting wages , taxes , welfare & spending to pay for cuts in taxes . 
  would mean a surrender to the `` anglo-saxon economic model '' . 
  that their media always gets into hysteria about . 
  i think the attitude of the french people to the anglo-saxon economic model is starting to change . 
  i think they are more receptive to economic reform , job market flexibility and so forth . 
  i suspect that the ump ( or whatever they are calling themselves now ) will make a big deal of this at the next election , which is unfortunately quite far away . 
  the comments below the line in the le figaro article are incredible ... hopefully the french unemployment figures improve soon . 
  while an interesting poll , i think it is mistake to look closely at sub-samples and to try and conclude from them . 
  the margin of error is much higher and the uk polling industry has not covered itself with glory lately ... 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guillotine_clause - any smart politician will prevent this at all cost . 
  obviously nobody is going to admit how shitty the situation is . 
  i know about the guillotine clause , but this is not really a citation of people shitting themselves . 
  are there any newspapers in switzerland or even respectable international press discussing people shitting themselves ? 
  i have n't seen any . 
  also , the eu ca n't really ruin switzerland , because that would destroy the popularity of the eu among the people of the eu even more . 
  the eu can not afford that , with its current low levels of support . 
   yes . 
  the politicians are thinking of ways how they can prevent the volksabstimmung from becoming a thing . 
  if they ca n't prevent it everything is on the table . 
  and switzerland brings next to nothing to the table . 
  the eu can completely ignore it while switzerland is highly dependend . 
  any links to articles discussing swiss politicians shitting their pants ? 
  also , switzerland brings loads to table . 
  they are extremely wealthy and democratic and have a phenomenal economy with many successful industries . 
  separately , whoever is downvoting all my posts , do please stop doing this . 
  are switzerland shitting their pants ? 
  their economy is doing fine , they still have low unemployment and have continued with stable growth . 
  eurozone not so much . 
  the idea that the uk would not be able to prosper outside the eu strikes me as nonsense ( just as the idea that scotland could not have prospered outside the uk was also nonsense ) . 
  the uk does less trade with the eu ( as a share of gdp ) than switzerland and norway do . 
  the uk 's economy is less geared to being in the eu than switzerland and norway are . 
  also , the uk will continue to trade with the reu in any event . 
  norway and switzerland seem to do alright . 
   the british cherry picking is honestly super arrogant . 
  what cherry picking are you talking about ? 
  the main opt outs the uk has are from schengen and the euro . 
  however , these are beneficial to germany and germans want them . 
  why does it matter to you in brits do n't want them ? 
  shame on you !, 
  no , this is not what they are arguing . 
  [ the main public speech that cameron gave on immigration specifically said ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/coffeehouse/2014/11/david-camerons-immigration-speech-full-text/ ) :  my very clear aim is to be able to negotiate these changes for the whole eu , because i believe they would benefit the whole eu . 
  they take account of the particular circumstances of our own welfare system , and they go with the grain of what other member states with high numbers of eu benefit claimants are considering . 
  and of course we would expect them to apply on a reciprocal basis to british citizens elsewhere in the eu . 
  but if negotiating for the whole eu should not prove possible , i would want to see them included in a uk-only settlement . 
  cameron 's starting position is to apply the changes to everyone . 
   it 's just that the spoken members in power do n't want it to happen , and it 's the policy of the government and the opposition not to leave . 
  those in power are going to do all they can for us not to leave . 
  some members of the government may campaign to leave . 
  it is uncertain over whether or not they will leave the government to do so . 
   ( ` we want a better deal for britain which nobody else can have ' , e.g. 
  free movement , echr and whatnot ) the tories are n't arguing for anything which others ca n't have . 
   results do not necessarily mean that they will be followed . 
  look to the civic mayoral referendum that happened , and we in manchester oppose the plans , yet westminster is ` forcing ' it upon us , regardless of the referendum results . 
  i do n't think that the eu referendum , about which there will be intense media and political interest from now on , is quite the equivalent of the manchester mayoral referendum , but i take your point . 
   anyway i signed a petition , and so did sufficient other compatriots , for a parliamentary inquiryy into the creation of the eurozone . 
  it will be delivered this afternoon .
