  even if the eu does try all kinds of weird protectionist tricks if the uk leaves , i hope that the uk continues open trade . 
   whether eu membership is good for britain is for you to decide . 
  if you think britain is a voice of reason , then you wo n't want to lose that voice . 
  britain is about to begin a renegotiation and ask to repatriate certain powers from the eu . 
  this is how renegotiations work : we give you reason , you give us back powers . 
  we just need to work out some details . 
   that 's why we need britain in eu . 
  what 's the deal worth ?!, 
  what powers does britain get back ?!, 
  what is poland offering britain in exchange for britain loudly blocking mandatory migrant settlement quotas ? 
   so the uk would negotiate a trade agreement with the eu and with any other country that you trade with now on the basis of the eu negotiated treaties ? 
  the uk would negotiate trade agreements with as much of the world as possible , yes . 
   i believe there are cases where the eu exaggerates with regulations but overall the very existence of the eu has cut a lot of red tape when it comes to inter-state trade . 
  it really depends on the quality and quantity of regulation . 
  i 'm not happy about the quality and quantity of it in my own area of expertise . 
   afaik , even very euro-sceptic british citizens want to be part of the single market . 
  not quite . 
  there are some eusceptic british citizens that would like to have free trade with the single market without being part of the single market and there is a lot of sense in that position . 
  i noticed that there was an interview on the radio this morning with a conservative eusceptic mp who stated that '' * the vast majority of regulation are set by the eu , but the vast majority of trade of these business is not with the eu * '' . 
  this position , that the uk should not have to comply with the rules of the single market for internal trade , is in my mind very sensible . 
   if that 's true , then the eu never stood a chance from the beginning . 
  yes , this has been my view for years . 
  eu countries should only accept costs when they are outweighted by connected benefits . 
  with many aspects of the eu , the costs outweigh the benefits . 
   i 'm starting to like verhofstadt 's full membership vs. associate membership idea more every day . 
  me too . 
  i hope that more people start to call for it . 
  very good and clear summary . 
  thank you . 
  human rights are not some european thing . 
  they are human . 
  there is no reason why rights should be administered on a european level any more than they should be administered on a global or national level . 
  49.5 % of brits voted for parties explicitly against the jurisdiction of the echr . 
  i suspect a majority of brits would vote out of it were there a referendum on the subject . 
  no , they would n't . 
  the echr is a classic case of `` rule of lawyers '' rather than `` rule of law '' . 
  unfortunately the echr contains judges that are determined to go well above and beyond the text of the convention , which is why the uk must leave its jurisdiction . 
  this is a decision for britain and not one for strasbourg . 
   the same elections that use fptp that made millions of votes for the greens and ukip worthless ? 
  i voted ukip . 
  i like the fptp system . 
  i do n't consider my vote worthless . 
  it did exactly what i wanted . 
  no , more than 35 % . 
  ukip voters also voted for this . 
   he 's not big on the history of the echr , which britain had a defining hand in . 
  i 'm big on democracy . 
  we just voted in overwhelming numbers to scrap the human rights act . 
  let 's respect that . 
  the echr is not international law . 
  it is a european convention that has no primacy over uk law and reminds subject to parliamentary sovereignty . 
   of course there is . 
  if your country violates human rights it would be unlikely that your courts remedy that , especially if they are bound to your own laws . 
  it was not god that made human rights legislation . 
  it was man . 
  and man thus also has the power to amend those laws . 
  we should not think of human rights legislation as being some sacred permanent text . 
  we should think of it as something that our elected representatives can amend and clarify . 
  ultimately this is how a democracy works . 
   the european convention of human rights is law in the uk . 
  the treaty was ratified in 1949 and that 's it . 
  and that wo n't even change when the human rights act of 1998 will be repealed . 
  we will see what the new british bill of rights looks like , but the likelihood is that it has both procedural and substantive differences from existing law . 
   jesus , you don \u00b4 t even have a constitution the uk has a constitution that is not codified . 
   the basics of echr are founded on british law system , for gods sake , uk has been founding member . 
  this is all just part of britannia uber alles campaign , and visibly most retarded one . 
  this is exactly why i am confident in a system of rights that the new uk parliament will create . 
   bytheway , will you be exiting un ? 
  i doubt you actually understand why i am asking that , but lets give it a shot . 
  no , i am happy with the uk 's membership of the un . 
   we are n't . 
  we did n't vote for ukip so you 're party lost . 
  sorry old bean . 
  we 'll be forging a future with the rest of europe and you can return to your magical medieval fief in the back of your own mind . 
  i see that tories are already on the radio setting out their extensive demands for a repatriation of powers . 
  this is what people want . 
  a massive repatriation of powers . 
  get used to it . 
   this arguement is preposterously flimsy . 
  it 's equally true that you assume the echr 's decision was incorrect because of your politics rather than any reasoning . 
  the point is that two different courts reached different conclusions when faced with the same law . 
  my point is that the assumption that the european court must be correct is an incorrect assumption . 
  no , this is bullshit . 
  there are many countries in the world not in the eu that have great human rights . 
  the uk will be like one of them . 
   that 's good to hear , because without britons like ernest bevin , winston churchill and david maxwell fyfe , the echr would not exist in its current form . 
  the convention creating the echr was drafted by them and many others in the 1940 's to protect britons and other europeans from human rights abuses . 
  all of these people had confidence in the british justice system . 
   not big on political and legislative progression , are you ? 
  i 'm very big on legislative progression . 
  i am pleased that after democratic elections in the uk the new elected legislature in the uk is going to enact a new british bill of rights . 
  this is the very definition of political and legislative progression . 
   so you want to lower your standarts to china or what ? 
  the uk should have regard to its own tradition of rights and liberties , confidence in its own courts and its own parliamentary system when it comes to a rights regime . 
  it need have no more regard for china as it has for strasbourg . 
   or is the only problem that word `` european '' is there ? 
  the problem is that judgments of the echr undermine the british constitution , under which parliament is sovereign . 
  the ultimate arbiter of the rights and responsibilities of british citizens should be decided by the uk elected legislative body in the uk parliament , rather than unelected judges in strasbourg . 
   the record says otherwise . 
  i 've no idea what you mean by `` record '' and i 've not read those cases .
