  agreed , i was not quite as precise as i should have been in my first statement . 
  ouch . 
  when looking at the eu as a whole and the political developments over the last 12 months it has become a very unattractive partner for the uk . 
   and when commodities take a dive , economies tank , and governments fall they can always export fundamentalists to punish the western imperialist satan . 
  different = / terrible . 
  i do n't know what point you are trying to make here , but obviously market conditions change and that is why it is good to have as wide an array of trading partners as possible . 
  your point about fundamentalists is just not relevant here . 
   developed countries make good trade partners , developing countries make for good profits when the conditions are right . 
  it is actually far more complex than that . 
  developed countries tend to grow at slower rates . 
  also , we have seen stagnation in the eurozone for many years now and the problems are far from being solved . 
  ( many other developed countries like the us , canada and australia are not stagnating like much of the eurozone ) . 
  these factors alone should encourage the uk to rebalance its trade . 
  obviously it is possible to mention both the british empire and the nazis in comic fashion and there is a longstanding tradition of this . 
  however , because these things are of course sensitive , if you do this you should be extremely clear that you are being comic , otherwise you risk offending people inadvertently . 
  i know exactly who verhofstadt is . 
  he hates the uk . 
  no , wanting to leave the eu is a mainstream view in the uk . 
  it is not an extreme position but a normal position . 
   seeing a german flag really drives you to say `` hitler '' , does n't it ? 
  just as germans feel sensitive when brits see a german flag and write `` hitler '' , brits feel sensitive when germans see a british flag and write `` empire '' . 
  how can you not know this ?!, 
  how can you have these double standards ? 
  the share of exports with the non-eu is growing far more than share of exports with the eu . 
  that 's the key point . 
   people seem to only think of australia , nz , and canada when thinking of commonwealth of nations , while the gratest share of the population and population growth is in other countries . 
  developing countries make good trade partners exactly because their economies are so different from the uk . 
  they have good natural resources , minerals and metals etc which the uk does not have . 
  the uk has good financial services etc which they do n't have . 
  trade is all about comparative advantage . 
   not trying to be rude here , but the commonwealth has about 4 times our population , with a gdp per capita less than a fifth of ours - is the thus european union not a more realistic market , with our 510 million citizens , than india or nigeria and so on which have economies smaller than germany 's and spain 's respectively ? 
  the whole purpose of trade is that it works best with economies that are different from your own economy rather than the same as your own economy . 
  however , it is n't a question of the commonwealth or the eu , of course . 
  the uk should try and get trade agreements with as much of the world as possible . 
   besides , the uk is currently an integral part of the european economy . 
  there is no prospect of a commonwealth economy . 
  if there was , india and nigeria would have a majority of votes and could write all the laws together . 
  you do n't need to have the same laws to trade . 
  also , the uk is , with each year that passes , doing less and less trade with the rest of the eu . 
   i 've seen you claim it once . 
  for all i know you might be multiple different people using the same account . 
  no , i have mentioned it many times and it has been the basis of our exchanges . 
  while obviously you can not trust everything you see on the internet , if you have no reason to doubt someone and you have exchanged messages for a long while then it is a bit peculiar to doubt them . 
  except you have never claimed this . 
  whereas i have consistently claimed that i am a lawyer and you have consistently interacted with me on this basis . 
  once we leave the eu hopefully we will liberalise our immigration laws . 
   from ftse 100 companies dude . 
  no ftse 100 company has formally endorsed leave . 
   so 1/3 expressed publicly they disagree with leaving . 
  anyone sign something saying they wan na leave ? 
  [ this wiki page is a fairly good list of endorsements . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/endorsements_in_the_united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum,_2016_  well it might not be a bad thing to leave . 
  agreed . 
   maybe those technical centers can go to spain for example . 
  they need a boost . 
  also it 's closer to toulouse . 
  spain does need a huge boost , i agree . 
   all true , but the focus of the discussion was not on limited national views , but european stability as a whole , for which a stable growth is sufficient . 
  i agree with you in relation to the short-term . 
  the only short term risk in relation to italy is the banking sector . 
  in the long-term though the other things like weak economic growth will cause financial stability problems . 
   ooh , i stand corrected . 
  i thought the party had an official position in line with government . 
  the party would have split . 
  the party being neutral is the only way of keeping the party together . 
   yeah i should beleive what every random redittor tells me . 
  what a stupid thing to say . 
  faith does n't come into it , as internet discourse is largely inconsequential . 
  no , of course not . 
  but if you have read the same posts of the same redditor for a period of more than a year , and regularly exchange messages with them and they make a specific claim about themselves which you have no reason to disagree with it is a bit weird then to say `` supposed '' about that claim . 
   when the majority of it is accurate it does n't make that big a difference . 
  i thought there were various mistakes actually and a lot of mixing up people who have positions with people who are neutral and not clearly setting out the positions of various entities . 
  for example , some banks are formally for remain , some are neutral . 
  the cbi is formally neutral . 
   the parties are , no , the conservative party has a neutral position , differently from the labour party . 
   my statement was pointing out to others users that youve claimed to be a lawyer in the past . 
  `` supposed '' implies you have a doubt . 
  you do n't have any reason to have a doubt . 
  it implies bad faith . 
   it says right at the top that the comments not mine ... are you incapable of reading ? 
  yes , but you are copying and pasting them . 
  it is up to you if you want to copy and paste comments that are not sourced or incorrect . 
   if ur such a lawyer how would you not know how literally anybody in the city feels about brexit ? 
  different people in the city have different views . 
   they have skin in the game , the imf does not . 
  you are saying that we should ignore their opinion because they have a particular opinion . 
  that makes no sense . 
   the brexit campaign stands to immediately and visibly gain from a brexit decision , the imf does not stand to gain or lose regardless of the outcome . 
  the brexit campaign will not exist after the referendum . 
  separately , the imf make wrong prognostications and have made politicised decisions in the past . 
  it is also illogical to argue that someone is incorrect just because of who they are . 
  it is best to argue on the basis of the arguments . 
   i 'm done indulging your question-dodging . 
  i have answered all of your questions , though if you can find one i have n't answered , do show me it . 
   i 'm torn between saying `` yes , of course it was . 
  it was plainly obvious , and you are only claiming otherwise now in a disengenous attempt to further your political aims '' and `` citation needed , '' so i think i 'll say both why would it have been obvious ? 
  it was n't in the uk government 's official material . 
   then you 'll have to dissolve your government and remove the united kingdom from the world . 
  no , this does n't follow . 
  i am more than happy for countries to govern themselves .
