  only the french , the germans and the like . 
  we will now start love-bombing the portuguese via other sources . 
   europe needs some sort of british arbiter ? 
  europeans are not fighting each other anymore and now we have nato and the eu we 're not really an arbiter , we are participants too !, 
   the uk could even afford it anymore ? 
  you almost went bankrupt after ww2 , and you still had an empire at the time  we definitely ca n't be paying other countries to join us in war efforts like we used to , but there are other cheaper ways of diplomacy and we will use the new methods , 
   how many people vote in local elections or are interested in local politics ? 
  way too few people . 
  is that an argument for dissolving local government and centralizing everything ? 
  i think it is an argument for local government having little power . 
   so people do n't want democracy ? 
  as long as people want both the eu and democracy , `` changing the people '' is the only way . 
  people want democracy , but it only exists at the level of the demos - the nation state . 
  the eu has to be changed and massive amounts of power have to be transferred from brussels to the nation state in order for people to have democracy . 
  not that i care much any more now that the uk is leaving , but this is just friendly advice from a kind neighbour . 
   was the british parliamentary system or the nation-state created overnight ? 
  no , extremely gradually . 
  the eu is being created far quicker and this is undermining democracy . 
   it 's a great policy only if you consider foreign policy to be a zero sum game . 
  actually , in the uk this policy is not thought of as being a zero sum game . 
  keeping europe balanced is also best for europe , not just best for the uk . 
   to put it bluntly , it 's a shit policy . 
  i think it is a great policy . 
  all countries are self-serving , the uk just does it openly . 
   democracy only works so long as people approach it responsibly and are aware of their implied duties as a voter - primarily to understand what they 're voting for , whom they 're voting for , and the arguments presented to them . 
  if people are just not interested in european political parties , maybe it makes sense not to have them . 
   there 's just no getting around the fact that germany need to pay . 
  and do so in a major way . 
  but currently it seems like nobody has told the germans that . 
  and nobody knows what the germans will do when we tell them . 
  what if they say `` no '' ? 
   then they should pay more attention . 
  your vote is your responsibility . 
  the people and the political structures do not match . 
  you say change the people so that they match the political structures . 
  i say change the political structures so they match the people . 
   what makes you think that the uk would be more benevolent masters ? 
  if anything , they 'd be worse , given the recent upsurge in continental-dislike in the uk . 
  650 years of friendly history and unbroken diplomatic alliance between england and portugal are still there . 
  also , this is a good way of getting back a new balance of power in europe . 
  this is uk foreign policy since whenever . 
   you are obviously well-informed so i have a very important question . 
  do you know what happens to larry the cat , the chief mouser of the cabinet ofiice ? 
  will cameron take him ? 
  i am very concerned here , please answer . 
  i am also very concerned about this . 
  while we do n't have a written constitution , we should have a procedure for this , but i do n't think we do . 
  however , there has been some discussion on this in the uk media . 
  a lot of people are saying that larry belongs to the cabinet office , so he can stay where he is and is not impacted by the many other changes going on in the uk right now . 
  it is good to have some constants . 
   i guess it 's just one more thing in the uk that is ruled by tradition and works in practice , although it does n't make sense in theory . 
  this . 
  the government know that the parliament can at any time pass a motion of no-confidence in the government . 
  so , there is n't a need for a formal vote to see if parliament actually have confidence in the government . 
  it sounds a bit mad and like it wo n't work , but this is just how we do things ... ;-), 
  hopefully one of the many good consequences of brexit is that france will soon also cut taxes . 
   looks like it 's almost impossible to trigger ge if the conservatives want one they can overturn that legislation , then call one . 
   i do n't imagine the uk really thinking about their place in the eu in a more radical way . 
  i imagine either the eu will capitulate and give the uk even more , which would just be horrible for the rest of the eu , or the uk will leave , which does n't sound so great for the uk . 
  the uk will leave . 
  the eu needs to work out how it properly reforms . 
  now is the opportunity . 
  i can imagine that . 
  i think academic bubbles are the same all over the world unfortunately . 
  agreed on the lake district !, 
   well i find it more disturbing because i have been living in the uk for 4 years and have at least 1 more to go ( my original plan was to stay , still considering options ) . 
  hopefully you are enjoying it , 
   the two votes were to rule out other candidates though , not specifically to approve may or her cabinet , right ? 
  correct . 
  there has been no specific vote on may or her cabinet . 
  however , there are never votes on cabinets in the uk . 
  there are also not specific votes on pms either ( in our general elections we vote for our local mp , not for the pm ) . 
  however , there was a leadership process , it just was quicker than we expected . 
   however , to me neither of the two points you mentioned sound solid enough to legitimise a democratic government . 
  the points i mentioned were more of an explanation than a justification . 
  in terms of legitimacy , the composition of parliament has not changed and we had parliamentary elections only last year . 
  parliament has confidence in the new government . 
  also , theresa may 's government is going to continue to implement the conservative party manifesto that the british people considered in 2015 . 
  the only difference is that it will take us out of the eu ( and there is a public mandate for that ) . 
  also , in our parliamentary tradition it is normal for pms to change without general elections ( e.g. 
  brown and major in recent memory ) . 
  we will get another chance to vote soon enough if we do n't like the may government , let 's see if the labour party get their act together !, 
   i find this disturbing . 
  we have a very different constitution from you :-), 
   so the government does n't have the confidence of the parliament ? 
  and you talk shit about eu being governed by unelected officials ? 
  parliament can bring down the government at any time if they stop having confidence in it . 
  they can call for a motion of no confidence . 
  this has happened many times in uk parliamentary history . 
   so with may appointed that fast uk will leave eu very soon . 
  a sad day ... no , this is happy for both the uk and the eu . 
  we will all be forced to really think about where europe is going and what we want in terms of european institutions and arrangements in a more radical way . 
  this is exciting and we should welcome it . 
   how ? 
  there has been no vote . 
  there have been two rounds of voting within the parliamentary conservative party . 
  however , there are two key things to remember when considering what is happening : ( 1 ) the uk has an unwritten constitution which balances flexibility with tradition . 
  this can allow surprising things to happen quickly when need be . 
  this has been happening over the last few weeks . 
  ( 2 ) the conservative party is more than 200 years old and one of the most powerful forces in western politics .
