  that is great , well done . 
  also , congratulations on the tenth anniversary of the dutch `` no '' vote on the eu constitution !, 
  i hope you will celebrate . 
  i could n't see any articles in the uk press about the anniversary of it though . 
   the eurozone ca n't afford that unless they 're completely mad . 
  putting in place a currency union without democratic consent for a fiscal union was already a completely mad thing to do ... 
   even with that , though , it was only opinion polls that were n't as accurate as the exit poll on the day . 
  the opinion polls were systemically wrong . 
  given this we do n't know how wrong they will be in this referendum , particularly as there has not been recent experience with this kind of referendum . 
   if anything , it 'd be use as justification for there to be reform , so we do n't leave the eu . 
  none of major parties want us to leave the eu , and the only reason one has been ` guaranteed ' is because cameron was scared about tory backbenchers and voters defecting to ukip . 
  of the major parties , ukip want to leave the eu . 
  many tory back-benchers also want it . 
  i find it astonishing that you think that we might vote out but stay in . 
  the original article was removed because the op had editorialised the title . 
   polling of people shows that a greater amount would rather remain in the eu than leave , and looking at statistics over the years - many years - shows a general decline in hostility towards the eu . 
  [ for the reasons i set out in this post , i do n't think the polls should necessarily give you any comfort . 
  ] ( http://ua.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3808an/german_satirical_news_show_on_the_possibility_of/crrquxk )  i was n't joining the debate about the usage of ` lots ' , but just mentioning that a greater amount for preside over the minor lot against . 
  we do n't know which side will win the referendum as we have not had it . 
  the greater amount for out might preside over the minor lot who want to stay in ,  at least the referendum is non-binding , so we do n't need to act on the results . 
  while no referendums are binding in the uk , obviously , if we vote out we will leave the eu . 
   well , a majority would rather stay in the eu than leave . 
  we do n't know yet , because we have not had the referendum . 
  in any case , it makes no sense to quibble with my use of `` lots '' . 
   the british narrative considering benefits sounded to me like some people in the uk would like to do exactly this if it was possible . 
  also , i was talking about different systems in general . 
  giving benefits to foreigners is not well-recieved in many eu member states , if there was a possibility to exclude foreigners from these systems , i can imagine some governments going for it . 
  yes , there are people in britain that want this , but they are mainly people that want to leave the eu . 
  they are not expecting benefits in the rest of the eu , in the same way we do n't expect particular benefits when we go and live in the rest of the world . 
   where the hell are they getting the idea that the uk is where they need to be ? 
  main reasons are : - easy for them to find work in the uk - english language - family and friends in the uk - no id cards , not much bureaucracy, 
  lol . 
  this government wo n't do it . 
  i am hopeful that a more desperate greek people , with a new currency , would start being more realistic and elect a more market friendly government . 
  maybe i am not realistic here !, 
   this however is not the point here . 
  i said the uk wants special treatment under certain circumstances , you said you dont , i gave an example that they actually do if they ca n't reach their goals otherwise . 
  the uk 's starting point is that each country should be able to do this . 
   i am indecisive about the system . 
  while i do think that system differences should be taken in account , it needs to be prevented that a ` different system ' is used to exempt foreigners from any access to benefits of any kind . 
  the uk is not proposing a system whereby reuropeans do n't get any benefits of any kind . 
   i agree with you that this is nonsense if the children are living in another country . 
  yes , it is nonsense , but it seems like poland is going to insist on it . 
  we will see what happens , because i think that some people within the conservative party will get very angry !, 
   then greece would be the us/uks black hole instead of ours . 
  greece is only the uk 's permanent blackhole if for some reason we decide to join a currency union with them , which would obviously be a massive error . 
  i do n't see brits wanting the drachma , somehow ... greece does not need to permanently be a blackhole . 
  provided it defaults on some of its existing debt , devalues its currency and then puts in place some necessary reforms it will become successful again . 
  the crucial thing for greece is the devaluation . 
   since a treaty change would require unanimity , you have to find a compromise where everyone can agree . 
  or , no compromise , and the uk leaves . 
   as for the benefit system - i am not talking about it being justified or not , it nevertheless discriminates reu citizens . 
  it is this rigid lack of imaginative thinking that is one of the reasons why i hope the uk leaves the eu . 
  it does not make sense to require the uk to give tax credits to reuropeans in the same way that it gives them to brits . 
  the system should be sufficiently flexible to take into consideration the different benefits systems that are in the eu . 
  it is odd for poland to insist that the uk continues to pay child benefit to children in poland . 
  how much child benefit is poland paying for children in the uk ? 
  the fact that poland is saying no to the changes is not the uk 's fault . 
  other countries may say yes to them . 
  if germany agrees to them , everything changes . 
  also , as already mentioned , the uk 's benefit system functions in a very different way from most of the eu . 
  that 's why the rules should be specific for the uk . 
   i hope so . 
  grexit should have happened on 2010 - or even earlier . 
  hopefully in the event of a grexit , the uk and the usa grant greece an immediate significant loan . 
  this will have many advantages : - hopefully stop greece being beholden to russia/china - hopefully ensure that greece is beholden to uk/usa - be a subtle way of undermining the eurozone ( and by extension germany ) - hopefully ensure that chaos in greece is minimised and that they return to prosperity as soon as possible . 
   on the one hand , with britain leaving the eu , we will be free to dominate the continent , because who is going to stop us ? 
  france ? 
  currently it is hard to see the french stopping you . 
  however , let 's not forget that the french are much more revolutionary than the brits or the germans and they are starting to get a bit annoyed ... my money is still on the greeks to do something serously random rather than the french ... 
   i am not igoring it . 
  however , some of his requests have already been denied by e.g. 
  poland . 
  plus i am pretty certain that he did not lay down everything that he wants to change in his speech . 
  while it is true that we do n't know the exact nature of the negotiations , you do not have any evidence for the uk demanding extra rights for the uk compared to the reu , which is your initial claim . 
  when i gave you evidence based on the clear public statement of cameron , you still somehow believe that the uk is arguing for more for itself . 
  this seems a bit conspiracy theory to me . 
   i think we will know more once we know what camerons request to the eu actually contains . 
  we already know cameron 's position given that he gave an extensive speech about it . 
  he has repeated this multiple times . 
  feel free to ignore it if you want . 
   i hope they leave . 
  i also hope we leave . 
   i ca n't wait to see the london city outside of the ec . 
  fog in the channel - continent cut off . 
  i ca n't wait to see the reu outside the city of london . 
   where did cameron say that uk citizens should not be entitled to these benefits in other states ? 
  [ if you are interested in this subject , you might like to read cameron 's speech on it . 
  ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/coffeehouse/2014/11/david-camerons-immigration-speech-full-text/ ) as you can see , he specifically said : `` my very clear aim is to be able to negotiate these changes for the whole eu , because i believe they would benefit the whole eu . 
  they take account of the particular circumstances of our own welfare system , and they go with the grain of what other member states with high numbers of eu benefit claimants are considering . 
  and of course we would expect them to apply on a reciprocal basis to british citizens elsewhere in the eu . '', 
  to claim that the uk is asking for something that it is not giving is wrong . 
   also , some others have , it would end up being to the benefit of uk citizens in these states . 
  cameron 's position is that those states should also not be giving benefits to brits too though , in the same way . 
  earlier you seemed to be arguing that the uk wanted free movement advantages for itself , but not for others . 
  this is not the uk position . 
   but like so many things , this goes both ways . 
  i absolutely agree it works both ways ( though my experience is that french people do n't care about `` frogs , in the same way that brits do n't care about `` rosbif '' ) , whereas `` krauts '' is more insulting to germans . 
  i personally do not care about island monkeys , i am fine with it . 
  i agree , the uk media should not be over sensitive , however , expect it to be very sensitive in the run-up to the referendum , because i expect it will be .
