  the people responsible for governing the country and the people who were elected to govern the country !, 
  what nigel does now is his own business , but i am glad he is not involved in brexit . 
   nah , i do n't think something terrible happened when we think of the actual outcome . 
  and this , in my mind , is the rational way to think about brexit . 
  what bad thing has it actually caused ? 
  ( lots of downvotes for me i guess ...  ), 
   all of the analyses are based on assumptions . 
  that 's how you construct models of the future . 
  yes , and then when it come to deciding whether or not he should support brexit , he made a decision based on which of his assumptions he thought was mostly likely to be correct . 
   having read the 2016 report , it turns out that the work was done by paul ormerod and bridget rosewell , and lyons just put his name on the main document . 
  i am not really sure how you reached that conclusion . 
  clearly the report involved contributions from a number of people , as the report makes clear `` a number of people contributed to this report including gordon douglass , alex henson , milja keijonen , joel marsden , francesco mellino , s teven spires , brian smith , matthew w aite , and louise wilks . '', 
  not sure why this is relevant . 
   the conclusion of the report on the forecasts is : you seem to have correctly copied and pasted one sentence , without the rest of the conclusion . 
   so london vs north of england ... 
  there are fiscal transfer from london to the north of england and the uk has pooled sovereign debt . 
   he 's already assigned the values he thinks are most likely . 
  no , his initial analysis was based on assumptions . 
  he did not , in his initial analysis , conclude which of those assumptions was more likely . 
  he only did that latter exercise in around feb 2016 . 
  concluding that a particular assumption is more likely than another is not , of itself , based on ideology . 
  many thanks , i accept your apology . 
  in relation to the issue at hand , in relation to immigration policy , both you and i think that there should be some immigration into the uk but also some limits on immigration . 
  ( this is what almost everyone thinks . ), 
  the discussion is simply over what those limitations should be : how we select those immigrants we want and not those we do n't want . 
  based on your post , it seems to me that you want an immigration policy which gives greater rights to someone from italy over someone from india ( but correct me if i am misunderstanding you ) . 
  personally i want to give them equal immigration rights . 
  how you manage to conclude that i believe `` people should `` stick to their own kind '' i fail to see . 
  i have lived all over the world and lead a very international cosmopolitan lifestyle . 
  in my own office there are people employed from all over the world . 
  my line of work is the most globalised kind of work in the world and i am living in central london , the most globalised city in the world . 
   if we expect consistency in a rational actor , he should compare optimistic numbers or pessimistic numbers , not take optimistic brexit versus pessimistic remain . 
  no , he should take the values that he thinks are most likely . 
   well , i also think it 's a baffling paradox to support closing borders and claiming to be a globalist at the same time . 
  i will refer you to our earlier discussions . 
  all political principles represent directions of travel or a difference from other political positions . 
  just as a liberal , a socialist or a conservative have limits to liberalism , socialism or conservativism , as does a globalist or a free trader . 
   hypothesizing that someone has a particular political leaning is not an attack ( unless you consider right-wing conservative a slur ) , i am a right wing conservative . 
  however , it is an attack to write that my position is `` a front , a sham '' . 
  you would n't write that about me , would you ? 
   how do i convey that i find your logic flawed you write - i find your logic flawed . 
  you do n't write `` at best , i think he has some cognitive dissonance in his views but at worst i think his views are a front , a sham . '', 
   but why do you consider it an attack ? 
  surely if my statements about your reasoning are wrong , you should rather just respond and show me how they are wrong ? 
  i am more than happy to debate reasoning . 
  i am not happy to debate with people who say my views are `` a front , a sham '' . 
  if you accuse me of arguing in bad faith , obviously we can not have a debate . 
  it is necessary for a rational debate that we do n't impute bad faith on the person we are debating with . 
  you should retract your attack and apologise before we can move forward . 
   for those reasons , trade blocs will want to protect their local employment against the short-term political shock of fully importing a wide range of manufactured goods , or the strategic dependence of importing all food -- while i am not disagreeing with the theory , the decision over how much a trade bloc cares about protecting their economy from importing manufacturing goods or food is a political question and also depends on cultural values . 
  in the uk , we do not care that we import our food . 
  we have done this for more than 200 years and nobody is seriously thinking about doing it now . 
  and i think we are more open to importing manufactured goods . 
  the uk 's comparative advantage is in high end professional services . 
  ensuring that we can train our work force to do this well and export it effectively in a global way is the challenge of our times . 
   these wto tariffs range from 32 per cent on wine , to 4.1 per cent on liquefied natural gas , with items like cars ( 9.8 per cent ) and wheat products ( 12.8 per cent ) somewhere in between these are maximum rates , not minimum rates . 
  they mean that the uk could not impose a rate of more than 32 % on wine , they do not mean that the uk has to impose a tariff of32 % on wine . 
   these predate brexit , and the economic growth is now on-par with the eurozone . 
  let 's see how that goes in the next two years , eh ? 
  it is actually slightly higher than the eurozone right now . 
  here 's a financial times piece you need to read your own link . 
  nowhere in it does it claim that the wto imposes minimum tariffs . 
   i think that if we continue barreling towards the cliff edge like we are currently doing record employment , good economic growth ... 
  many thanks !, 
   people who work in manufacturing think it 's important . 
  while this is true , people that worked as scribes before the printing press thought their jobs were important and people who worked as weavers and spinners before the textile revolution thought their jobs were important . 
  it is tough for people whose jobs are lost over economic developments , but simply part of capitalism . 
   are you becoming tetchy ? 
  i hope not !, 
  you are actually much more polite than some people who accuse me of bigotry and the like . 
  however , the date of your link and its source are relevant . 
  it was written at a time that some people predicted that the vote itself would cause economic difficulties . 
  we can now safely say that that prediction was wrong . 
   he 's co-chair of economists for brexit , so i 'm interested in his analysis and his predictive abilities . 
  and you are right to be . 
  nobody is beyond scrutiny . 
  but brexit has so far turned out to be better than he thought it would be , rather than worse . 
   you can certainly take the absolute values if you prefer . 
  yes , that does make more sense . 
  in his view given 615 is grater than 490 , brexit made sense . 
   i linked to the page on tariff rate quotas . 
  they are a minimum tariff . 
  there is no minimum rate on tariffs . 
  the wto is all about trying to get countries to reduce tariffs . 
   you can enjoy the ashes if you want . 
  lol - you really do n't think the uk can survive outside the eu ?!, 
  i guess it is good for you that you are leaving . 
  you do n't sound like you like the uk very much . 
   as a trade bloc the eu has negotiation leverage that would be unthinkable if all countries would go it alone . 
  i think it is a mistake to think of free trade in mercantilist terms . 
  with free trade , everyone gains , not just one partner . 
  that beer i bought in bruges last weekend ? 
  i gained and the person who sold it to me gained . 
   what i meant is that we 're not used to direct democracy . 
  we 're not used to every single vote being absolutely crucial for the future of our country , we 're not even used to our vote having a specific , well defined consequence . 
  i understand your argument , but i think you are speaking specifically about your country because of your country 's particular history . 
  i respect your point of view in relation to germany and the reason why you want to have a particular set of checks and balances in relation to german democracy . 
  i respect german democracy . 
  but in the uk we have a different democracy with an entirely different tradition , constitution and history . 
  our constitution is an evolving organic one in which the balance between the people , parliament , government , the courts , the monarchy , the church , the press gradually change over time .
