  i we get corbyn in government ( and in a democracy nothing can really be ruled out ) then expect all kinds of craziness . 
  that is why making predictions purely on the basis of brexit , while interesting for you and me , has limitations . 
  the future is a very uncertain one and the decisions that democracies make can be many and varied . 
  you and i may strongly believe in free trade , but others may not share our vision . 
   you seem to think the market for services is intrinsically different from the market for goods , but i do n't think it is . 
  i do n't actually . 
  in both cases , if the eu is protectionist ( for example putting barriers on trade ) then of course trade will be impacted . 
  but we can not predict with certainty whether or not the eu will be protectionist . 
  there are some countries in the eu with strongly free trade instincts , not least the irish . 
   `` has intra-eu services trade increased since brexit ? 
  has eu-uk services trade declined ? 
  what is the trend for eu-uk services trade ? '', 
  i think you need to formulate your questions either in terms of percentage or in terms of volume . 
   for example , intra-eu services trade could increase in terms of volume , but decrease in terms of percentage of the eu 's total services trade , which is what we should expect with globalisation and particularly the growth of asia and other emerging markets . 
   has eu-uk services trade declined ? 
  again , the volume will likely increase , but the percentage of this trade compared to either the eu 's global trade or the uk 's global trade will fall , because of globalisation . 
   how do you define failure ? 
  and also , how trucidator defines failure , that would be an interesting question . 
  the fact that / u/stevenfries and i have different definitions of failure is probably the source of the disagreement . 
  if under his terms he thinks that the eurozone has not been a failure , there is not really much i can do to persuade him otherwise . 
  i think it is helpful if we judge the euro by what it was meant to achieve - [ we can read about his on the european commission 's website ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/info/about-european-union/euro/benefits-euro_en ) has the euro really caused more economic growth , more jobs and more economic stability ? 
  i do n't think it has . 
  also , i note that / u/stevenfries is talking about members leaving or being removed . 
  to me even this discussion sounds a bit like failure . 
  but perhaps he measures success in a different way from me . 
  in terms of expertise and experience , i can not see a particular reason why trade would occur more within the eu than it does at the moment . 
  expertise and experience is located in a particular place partly because of that place 's comparative advantages and partly because of that place 's policies with respect to training/tax/education etc etc. 
  i do n't see either of these things as pushing towards the eu rather than anywhere else on god 's green earth , 
   in the future , services currently purchased by the eu from the uk will more likely be purchased by the eu from elsewhere in the eu . 
  why ? 
  this is only the case if the eu is protectionist . 
  why would you assume that ? 
   we have none i am afraid your link is out of date . 
   the canadian-eu trade deal launched negotiations in 2009 and it was signed in 2016 . 
  the fact that the eu is slow at negotiating , is a good reason to leave the eu . 
   i sure hope you like trade disputes , because they 're going to get raised in wto arbitrartion - and , because we have no trade negotiators , we are going to lose them . 
  this is a bit of a non-sequitur . 
  disputes will occur to the extent that there is a perception about rule breaking . 
  we will win them within the context of the wto framework depending on whether we are correct about whether a rule has been broken . 
  this is a separate exercise from negotiating a trade deal though . 
   but ftas do have to be bilateral , and the eu will not offer free trade in services without membership of the single market - if membership of the single market is even on the table . 
  see canadian deal . 
  also , if you think that the eu does not do deals in services , why would it even make sense for us to be in the eu ? 
  we want free trade deals to cover services . 
   for the fourth time , we will not be able to replicate the eu 's existing trade deals without concessions any citation on this ? 
  which country wants concessions ? 
   under wto rules , we are obliged to put tariffs on goods going to and from other countries . 
  those tariffs are maximum . 
  there is no minimum level for tariffs . 
   it hence follows that adding a barrier to trade ( such as the eu external tariff , which we have no control over from outside the eu ) will reduce trade by an amount . 
  the fact that the eu has an external tariff is a reason to leave the eu . 
  i want to reduce tariffs . 
   again , longer term there 'll be a drift to the eu and away from britain , in the uk 's case , i see the opposite . 
  overtime , we will become more globalised rather than less globalised . 
   you 're definitely the first globalist brexiteer i encountered . 
  we are actually in a large number . 
  the people that ran vote leave , the official campaign for brexit , were primarily globalists . 
  i worked closely with them . 
  see also economists for brexit ( now rebranded as economists for free trade ) which have also been very influential . 
  a lot of the long-term belief in brexit from tory politicians has been about globalism . 
  these people are currently running uk government . 
  also , you might be interested to know that polling has tended to show that brits , by 2:1 believe that globalisation has been a positive force for the uk . 
   i 'm suspecting brexit will not have the results you 're hoping for , but i certainly do hope the uk does not isolate himself i do n't think that the uk will be isolated . 
  uk is going to continue to be a strong voice in nato , a permanent member of the united nations security council and a nuclear power , a g7 member , a founding member of the wto , the imf , the world bank and many other international bodies and organisations . 
  the uk is still going to be home to the global language and the world 's most significant financial centre and most globalised city . 
  i also fear we will continue to send the rest of the world somewhat terrible music and tv shows . 
  to me that means we wo n't be isolated , 
   canada has trade negotiators , and does n't have a two year ticking timebomb over their heads . 
  we do n't , and we do . 
  we have trade negotiators now . 
  two years is fine . 
  even leaving to wto standards is fine . 
   you can not have unilateral free trade in services without affording the same privilege to every other country for the third time , i want to give unilateral free trade in services to the whole world . 
  it seems to be you that does not want this . 
  but in practice , based on current legislation , there will be more free trade with the eu than the rest of the world because of our regulatory framework . 
   free trade on services without concessions which brexiteers are fighting against , such as being a member of the single market . 
  ftas do not require membership of the single market . 
   what utter bollocks . 
  we have no trade negotiators , we have no trade deals , and we have two years , at which point we get fucked . 
  you have a profoundly depressing view of the uk . 
  we do have trade negotiators . 
  we will be able to replicate the eu 's existing trade deals . 
   and how many of those are geographically next to the eu ? 
  norway and switzerland maybe - but both of those are members of the single market , which you 've ruled out . 
  switzerland is a partial member of the single market . 
  the fact that we are geographically located in europe does not mean it will be harder for us to put in place free trade deals with the rest of the world . 
   the importance of geographical proximity in international trade this is of decreasing importance with every year . 
   b ) the function and rules of the eu and eea ; c ) the function and rules of the wto . 
  i am not ignorant of these things . 
   if we leave the single market , and are hence forced to put tariffs on trade with our largest fucking trade partner leaving the single market does not mean we are forced to put tariffs on anyone . 
  also , what `` deficit '' ? 
   there are reasons there are tariffs on goods produced in china , india , etc. 
  are you sure you 're willing to bear the consequences of opening up your market to billions of people producing goods for a fraction of what it would cost to make those goods in the uk ? 
  i want cheaper prices for consumers . 
  i know that some people do not want this , but i do . 
   if you want to implement free trade on services , by wto rules , you have to do that with every country - unless you make a bilateral trade deal , which we are not going to be able to do with the eu without concessions which brexiteers wanted in the first place , such as regarding immigration . 
  note that canada managed it . 
  as for free trade in services , as i specifically made out i think the uk should allow for free trade in services with the whole of the world . 
  but even if that is not what government policy is , in practice there will be huge free trade in services with the eu , because of current legislation . 
   he says , leaving the largest single market on the planet .
