  if may ends up not liking the negotiation with the eu , she will not sign it and there will be nothing parliament can do about it . 
  as for lower corporation taxes , a lot of uk tories want to lower them , to put us on the same level as ireland . 
  even if we get a great deal with the eu , we might still lower corporation taxes . 
   do you think the british parliament will let her do that ? 
  you 're pro-brexit so probably gon na say yes ... is there a way for a ccoalition in the parliament to force her to resign ? 
  [ under the uk constitution , at any moment parliament can force may to resign , with a vote of no confidence . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/motions_of_no_confidence_in_the_united_kingdom ) but this is unlikely , because the tories have a majority and it seems that almost all tories , even the pro-eu ones , accept may 's strategy . 
  the first vote is tonight , but rumours are that there will only be one tory rebel . 
  also , remember that labour do not currently want new elections , because the tories will gain seats and if anything it will make the brexit harder . 
  also , even if the uk negotiates nicely , there is a risk that someone like wallonia fucks up . 
  so uk has to be prepared to walk away . 
  we will see . 
   the german reality is much more conservative than what you will read here . 
  in my head the germans are instinctively more conservative even than the english ( and we are very conservative ) . 
  my experience of german redditors here has if anything confirmed that feeling . 
  i can not see any scenario in which merkel is not your next chancellor . 
  in uncertain times the germans will want her certainty and conservativism . 
   i do n't know if you realise this , but there is not much the uk can do to cause more damage to its general repute in the eu , atleast among the populace . 
  that 's fine , we are not here to make friends . 
  '' * we have no eternal allies , and we have no perpetual enemies . 
  our interests are eternal and perpetual , and those interests it is our duty to follow ... * '' annoying a few people is currently necessary and inevitable i 'm afraid . 
  i work in financial services and never thought that passporting was important . 
  but also , note that most lobby groups have stopped talking about it , for example [ the city uk no longer mentions passporting . 
  ] ( https://www.thecityuk.com/research/brexit-and-uk-based-financial-and-related-professional-services/ ), 
   it 's not a given that what they demand is more open uk trade - it may very well be higher barriers from sectors they want to protect . 
  this is possible , but we are talking south korea and switzerland here , both of which do n't have protectionist tendencies . 
   people were asked which of two statements on globalisation they agreed with , whether it has `` pushed wages lower for british workers '' or `` has not pushed wages lower '' . almost half , 49 per cent , believed pay packets had been deflated by the global trend , while 23 per cent did not think they had and 29 per cent did not know . 
  this data is interesting , but what are the comparative figures for other eu countries ? 
  [ these are the latest figures i have seen - see back of poll . 
  ] ( https://www.ipsos.com/sites/default/files/2017-01/populism_and_political_uncertainty.pdf )  those are typically the hardest to liberalize - and the counterparts will be certain to ask for access for their goods anyway in exchange , if that 's what they have to export . 
  the key to liberalising trade in services are adherence to global standards and mutual recognition . 
  this is where the uk is going to be lobbying and putting its efforts and it not something that the eu has been focused on . 
  [ there was an interesting paper about this recently . 
  ] ( https://www.thecityuk.com/news/thecityuk-hails-opportunity-for-trade-and-investment-policy-reset/ ) as for giving access in goods , i am for that too . 
   well , allow free movement of labor then . 
  i am in favour of higher immigration into the uk but do not want to prioritise eu nationals over people from other parts of the world . 
  i am not in favour of full on open borders . 
   what about vat though ? 
  x-border consulting services are considered zero rated but only when both sides provide a vat number . 
  in terms of administration , this takes almost no time at all . 
  in terms of cost , there is vat to consider , but i do n't consider this a big obstacle . 
   eventually , perhaps . 
  at the same conditions , with much less to offer ? 
  doubtful . 
  and it 'll take time no matter what . 
  [ no , the uk plans to keep them at the same conditions and for there to be no gap . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-trade-idukkbn15g46e ) the new treaties will take place at the same time as the old ones lapse , under the same terms . 
  the uk will offer to south korea the same access to the uk 's markets as south korea currently has , but promise south korea that the uk wants to open markets further in the future . 
   despite claims to the contrary , the eu is not uniquely slow in concluding trade treaties . 
  they 're just complicated , and the more they liberalize the more complicated they are . 
  eu is slower than some areas and the uk will definitely be quicker than the eu because the uk will have fewer competing interests to manage and a population that is more keen on globalisation . 
  speed partly depends on politics . 
  uk will also not adopt the eu 's approach because the uk 's needs are different from the eu 's . 
  for instance , the uk will focus much more on services and things like regulatory cooperation in services ( which wo n't always need a full fta ) . 
   when the chips are down they might have an extra demand or two . 
  or twenty . 
  i want them to have extra demands , given that i want the uk to liberalise trade as much as possible . 
  it is in the uk 's interests to be seen as more globally open and more open to trade than it used to be and than the eu is . 
  it is time to double down , not compromise . 
  hopefully it will become easier for you to vote by mail next time . 
  having to go to the consulate is not easy for a lot of people . 
  i agree that le pen and brexit are totally different things . 
  fundamentally , le pen is an individual and a vote for her involves considerations of her character and policies . 
  brexit was not an individual but an idea , to vote for brexit it was possible to hate farage ( or any other campaigners ) for example . 
  it is interesting , though , that betting odds got brexit completely wrong and it shows that we need to be careful in our consideration of betting odds . 
  me too . 
  i swear that i have learnt far more about germany and what germans think from reading comments from and having discussions with germans on / r/europe than i would have by simply reading newspapers . 
   many people left romania ( around 3 millions ) and it 's almost impossible for them to vote . 
  one time by chance i walked past the romanian embassy here in london when it was a romanian election . 
  the queue was absolutely massive and it was late in the evening . 
  there were lots of angry people in that queue and it seemed that they could not all vote . 
  how come they ca n't just send their vote by post ? 
  our emigrants can vote that way . 
  are there calls to change ? 
  thanks - i saw that . 
  interesting ... 
   to see theresa may acting like a very anti-eu prime minister . 
  theresa may is not anti-eu , she is very pro-eu . 
  she gave a speech saying that she strongly supports the eu ( just without the uk in it ) . 
   since you appear to be a brit - what is the public opinion on her ? 
  very positive generally , she will likely win the next election and gain seats . 
   i heard that there were uproars and protests when she appeared to be building a stronger bond to the trump administration by being very anti-eu . 
  are there real chances of her getting thrown out of office if the british people protest enough or can she just continue to ignore protests and petitions without facing any consequences outside of lower odds of reelection in the future ? 
  protests and petitions mean nothing - as thatcher showed . 
  only votes mean anything and may will get lots of votes . 
  the people protesting and petioning were never going to vote for may . 
  ( a lot of them do not bother voting at all . ), 
   that is the price of sovereignty . 
  it is n't the price of sovereignty . 
  it is possible to be outside the eu and not be corrupt . 
   why is it that everyone seems so sure that she has no chance ? 
  based on the odds , punters think she has around 25 % chance . 
  this is a higher chance than brexit had during the whole of 2016 until the vote happened . 
   francois fillon , the former french prime minister who is in a strong position to be elected president next year , believes brexit must be `` fast '' and leave britain without its crucial financial passport . 
  uk no longer needs financial passport . 
  experts changed their mind about this . 
  ( funny how some of the things that experts said before the referendum turned out not to be true . ), 
   what makes you say that ? 
  if france chooses the anti-eu candidate uk has made a very quick mental transition from being an anti-eu country inside the eu to being a pro-eu country outside the eu . 
  uk is now a very pro eu country so we do not support anti eu candidates .
