  however , the point that the professor makes , that departure allows policy makers in southern europe to avoid reforms , is i think a correct one . 
   i try not to think about what will happen in 20 years to my country : it 's only painful . 
  it is n't currently looking great , i agree . 
  and take a look at spain , portugal and greece , which i think have considerably more painful futures than italy . 
  however , history has a funny way of not yet being finished . 
  the things that we predict might not always come to pass . 
  in the 1960s and 1970s in the uk , the consensus view in british politics was that britain , having won the war but lost the peace , was in terminal and inevitable decline . 
  everyone thought that politics was simply about managing that decline . 
  [ well - almost everyone - one woman thought that if she was radical enough , if she worked hard enough , she could destroy britain 's post-war consensus and fundamentally alter the course of a nation . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/british/modern/thatcherism_01.shtml ) thatcher remains an extremely divisive figure , but her beliefs in a liberalised free market and the changes she made have been partly responsible for where the uk is today . 
  if 250,000 italians have come to work in britain in the last three years , the uk must be doing something right . 
  before she arrived , nobody in britain predicted thatcher and her revolution . 
  i guess this means that none of us therefore know who is round the corner in italian politics and what they are capable of doing . 
  maybe it is time for you to get out of brussels and get yourself into palazzo chigi - and do it pronto . 
  surely that 's still the place where real change can be made from ?!, 
   if she does , she will be joining an exodus . 
  italian emigration , which virtually dried up in the 1970s as living standards improved , has jumped again in the last 10 years . 
  since 2011 an estimated 250,000 italians have moved to london alone , making it the sixth most populous italian city after genoa . 
  most of those who leave have high-school diplomas or university degrees . 
  `` when you are faced with an organisation or a country that does n't work there are two solutions : protest or departure . 
  departure reduces the pressure of protest and therefore also reduces the possibility of internal change , '' says luigi zingales , economics professor at chicago university and one of italy 's most prominent economists . 
  i tend to agree with the sentiment of this professor . 
  a lot of the headlines about immigration within the eu tend to focus on the impact on the countries which receive a lot of immigration . 
  in my mind , this is n't really going to be the story long-term . 
  a majority of the italian immigrants in london are working and helping the uk economy . 
  it is true that there is a cultural impact in the uk which is n't without problems , it is true that there is an infrastructure impact , a housing impact , and potentially a wages impact , but in my mind none of these things outweigh the net benefit that the uk gets from these generally motivated and talented individuals moving to the uk . 
  the real story is going to be where these people are in ten years time and 20 years time . 
  i am convinced that they will mostly stay in the uk . 
  i meet italians all the time in the uk that can not imagine returning to work in italy - it is very sad . 
  this emigration from italy ( and other places in the eu ) is going to have a huge impact on these nations for decades to come . 
  and other than temporarily disguising terrible unemployment figures , this impact is going to be largely negative . 
   op did n't really seem to indicate that non-european anglophone , common-law nations were an option . 
  professionally that might work out better but he 'd still be left with legal training for a system in which he no longer operates . 
  re-learning exceptions and exemptions , new case laws with which to familiarise yourself ... again , ianal , it just seems that with the amount of knowledge available and the complexity thereof , the more similar it is to britain , the better he can apply his law school education without needing any ( formal ) re-training . 
  it really depends on what type of law he wants to do . 
  if he wants to do finance , he can work pretty much in any financial centre in europe without needing to retrain or even learn the local language . 
  i am a lawyer ( qualified in english law ) and worked for several years in italy , practising english law . 
  if he does n't want to do finance , his options will be much fewer . 
  there is n't a body of law called british law . 
  england and scotland have different legal systems . 
  the english legal system has been exported all round the world and forms the basis of legal systems in usa , canada , australia , new zealand , hong kong , singapore ... 
  the english legal system dominates international finance and english lawyers can work in any significant financial centre ( focussing on finance ) . 
  i see your interesting post has been downvoted extensively in breach of rediquette . 
  i 'm not sure if you post regularly here , but fyi having an american flag and talking about the anglosphere means that you will get lots of downvotes . 
  r/europe does n't like this kind of stuff . 
  typical french protectionism !, 
  it is going to be interesting to see how protectionist the eu becomes after the brexit . 
  yes - the massive current cost to ireland is why i 'm putting the date of transfer into the distant future in the hope that in the interim some of these costs can be managed down . 
  but i appreciate that this is somewhat more hopeful than realistic !, 
  northern ireland has become that child of divorced parents that is no longer wanted by either parent . 
  my suster 's husband is a northern irish protestant , while my mother 's parents are from cork , though she has lived in england all her life . 
  at family meals i get to watch the somewhat ridiculous spectacle of my northern irish brother-in-law , with a strong derry accept , insisting that he is british and not irish , while my mother , with a home counties accent , insists that she is irish and not british . 
  canada is our best friend . 
  we share the queen . 
  you guys just share ice hockey . 
  the queen is better than ice hockey . 
  it is n't just a question of procedures and bureaucracy unfortunately . 
  northern ireland is very expensive . 
  and money is time . 
  and some people will want to make radical changes to their whole lives and communities . 
  and in my mind that can not be done quickly . 
  ireland is n't ready for a quick amputation either . 
  ireland ca n't currently afford northern ireland and would need several years of preparation . 
  also , there would be some northern irish people who would want to move to britain . 
  that kind of stuff takes a lot of time . 
  yes , the hong kong transition ended up working pretty well , though obviously not problem free . 
  i think we could do it without abandoning them . 
  it would n't be in the british interest to abandon them ... 
  in general terms , i support the right of the right of a peoples to decide how they want to be governed . 
  however , i am temped to make an exception for the northern irish and force them to have independence from the uk whether or not they want it ... :-) sometimes i 've thought that the uk and ireland could reach an agreement that , say , in the year 2050 northern ireland will revert to ireland , to give everyone time to make arrangements . 
  but there is no good solution . 
   there is n't any de jure obligation to join the erm ii . 
  there is , however , a de jure obligation to join the euro . 
  and this de jure obligation has greater legal weight than the procedural mechnism for joining it ( which is the ermii ) , for which i agree there is no de jure obligation . 
  anyway , i 'm not sure if there is much point in us going into the the technicalities of the de jure position given that we establised at the outset that we agreed that the de jure obligations of poland and sweden are identical . 
  my point ( from the start ) has been about the political expectations . 
  and sweden , which could have joined the euro easily a decade ago , is now a very special case , partly because of the referendum and the very negative opinion polls . 
  it is that political special case that is interesting . 
  also , i am getting constant downvotes , in breach of rediquette , which is very tiresome . 
   each one is expected to join the erm ii when they feel like it this use of words `` when they feel like it '' , implies that there is n't any de jure obligation , as a member state might never `` feel like it '' . 
  it is n't quite a case of just `` feeling like it '' . 
  the obligation is a little stronger than that . 
  interestingly , even on the commission 's own website , its description of [ sweden and the euro differs somewhat from the other non-euro - member states . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/adoption/who_can_join/index_en.htm ) this difference is the commission 's polite explanation for sweden 's euro exceptionalism . 
   no member state is required to join the erm ii , so ` politically ' no member state has to join until they want to . 
  this applies to poland and sweden equally . 
  the legal obligations on poland and sweden are the same . 
  however , the political expecations in relation to those obligations are different . 
  as a matter of politics , there is not an expectation by the other parties to the treaty ( other member states ) or the eu institutions ( commission etc ) that sweden has an obligation to join the euro in quite the way that there is an expectation that poland has this obligation . 
  whereas legally their obligations are the same . 
  this difference in political expactations i consider to be akin to a de facto opt-out . 
  legally they are . 
  but politically they are n't . 
  that 's why i made the de jure and de facto distinction . 
   the acquis is a body of law , not a doctrine . 
  i expressed this poorly . 
  i meant the requirement for new member states to adopt the acquis . 
  sweden can argue more easily than a poland that by virtue of joining before the requirement to adopt the euro that the requirement to join it does not apply in quite the same way that it applies to a poland . 
  toosk still seems it might be like a trick or something . 
  in my head i am still putting in extra letters .
