   it however would still be discriminating eu citizens ? 
  it is hard to know how to answer this . 
  for example , the uk currently gives generous child allowances to anyone with children . 
  there are many reuropeans in the uk who get these benefits even though their children are not in the uk ( often in countries where the cost of living is much lower ) . 
  brits in other reu countries tend not to be entitled to such benefits in the same way ( because they have not contributed much into the reu countries system , or because the reu country does n't have a generous child allowance ) . 
  in this way , under cameron 's proposal brits in the reu would not get more than reuropeans in the uk . 
   in the way that the other states are likely not going to limit the freedom of movement themselves . 
  actually , the point is that the uk 's benefits system works very differently from most continental benefits systems . 
  the british system is basically a `` needs '' based system , where everyone gets benefits if they need them . 
  many continentatl systms are a `` contribution '' based system , where the size of benefits are connected to how much you have contributed to the system . 
  because of this fundamental difference , the changes cameron suggests wo n't likely mean that brits in the reu will be entitled to more than reuropeans in the uk . 
   percentage wise ? 
  the support for leaving the eu decreases every single year this is not true . 
  polling history has shown support fluctuating . 
  however , we should n't rely simply on polling history because : - the polls in the uk have just got an election result badly wrong and - in other referendums , the polling has changed dramatically in the final year of the campaign ( e.g. 
  french `` non '' vote on the eu constitution , scottish independence referendum ) . 
  - there is the chance that many unforseeable events impact the result ( e.g. 
  economy , greece etc ) . 
  in any case , it seems odd to take a position that there are n't `` lots '' of brits who want to leave the eu . 
   but what should reu make of of this then ? 
  mocking everyone else but not the brits ? 
  i personally am more than happy for mocking to increase rather than decrease . 
  however , remember that mocking does not always translate well and humour is only to a limited extent international . 
  because of cultural differences , brits respond differently to the expression `` island monkeys '' than germans do for example ... by `` things like that '' i am not just talking about comedy shows , but the attitudes and tones of people cumulation of related discussions and media coverage ( which this show just forms one small piece ) . 
  another piece in this same jigsaw is internet messaging and social media . 
  the more brits start to feel that reuropeans do n't particularly like them and want them to leave the eu ( and obviously there are some people in the reu who have expressed that they do want the uk to leave ) the more this impacts the referendum . 
   `` lots '' is debatable . 
  how many million people is `` lots '' to you ? 
  or what percentage of the uk public ? 
  to me it seems odd to debate `` lots '' here . 
   and the average person does n't have a clue about the impact that it would have to begin with . 
  yes , but they will vote on it . 
  to follow your reasoning , the average kind of person does n't have a clue about the impact of how they vote in elections or in the scottish independence referendum . 
   the rest of my inital `` so what '' post was a direct response to your statement that this will have an impact . 
  i have no idea whether or not you agree with me that it will have an impact now !, 
  because you have just written :  agreed . 
   i apologize for that . 
  :( apology accepted of course !, 
   but this should not keep us from taking the piss out of each other without being sore instantly , no ? 
  of course , we should continue to take this piss out of people without being sore . 
  however , thinking again about this history of satire , the reason why it has been so important is because of its political impact . 
  the proeu movement in the uk does not feel emotionally strong towards the eu , whereas the antieu movement in the uk is motivated strongly by emotions . 
  i think satire ( or anything that impacts peoples emotions ) will start to impact the tone of the debate . 
  the other crucial thing to think about in this context is turnout . 
  turnout in uk referendums tends not to be very high . 
  the `` no '' side is more motivated than the `` yes '' side and will likely benefit from a low turnout . 
   that 's nothing compared to all those people in the uk that will never even know that this show exists . 
  just to clarify , my point was not that this particular show will have a big impact . 
  it was that things like this show will have an impact . 
  as you and i have agreed , things like this show will increase and the cumulative impact of them could be significant . 
  some of them will could eventually make a significant impact in the uk media , even if this particular one does n't . 
   i did n't say it does n't have an impact . 
  my whole point from the beginning is that this impact is probably negligible compared to the rest of the uk and those people that are not easily manipulated by harmless banter . 
  you did n't make this point from the beginning . 
  if your point from the beginning was that you disagreed on the impact , then it would have been helpful for you to have written it . 
  as for the scale of the impact , that remains to be seen . 
  take a look at the / r/unitedkingdom and / r/ukpolitics for a look at how brits are responding to it . 
  in my mind the tone of the dialogue between the uk and the reu and the attitudes expressed by reuropeans ( as shown in this kind of video ) could make a significant impact . 
  we saw this in the uk with the scottish independence referendum . 
  in my mind one of the reasons why the score was so high for the `` yes '' campaign was because of the negative messages from the `` no campaign '' , which many scottish people rightly found very annoying . 
  not only were they annoying , they were also in many cases misleading . 
  see my edit to you edit . 
  here are two people [ saying ] ( http://ua.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3808an/german_satirical_news_show_on_the_possibility_of/crrndd1 ) that the attitudes expressed in [ this video impacts them ] ( http://ua.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3808an/german_satirical_news_show_on_the_possibility_of/crr8sap ) . 
  also , even in your edited post it seems that you do agree with me :  i 'm sure there are some but that would be a minority . 
  the impact on a minority could impact the referendum result . 
   no , i do n't agree . 
  i do n't think that the avarage brit is n't capable of understanding satire , and thus making descisions based on shit like that . 
  i 'm sure there are some but that would be a minority . 
  i 'm trusting brits will make a decision based on facts and weighing up the pros and cons of course brits can understand satire . 
  however , understanding that this is satire does not mean that if wo n't impact voting . 
  you can already see that in this thread two british people have said it has impacted them . 
  it is not so much the fact that it is satire , it is more that it is illustrative of a mindset towards the brexit debate . 
  this mindset is part of the balance of pros and cons . 
   not strange at all . 
  you should re-read carefull what i wrote . 
  come on you can do it , if you 're really trying hard . 
  hint : you managed to write `` so what '' twice , in response to me talking about the likely increase in this kind of comedy and its likely impact on the referendum . 
  if the reason that you were writing `` so what '' was to do with the uk threatening to leave , rather than what i was writing about , then it would have made sense to be clear about that at the start . 
  separately , perhaps you do n't know , but `` so what '' is considered rude in english . 
  it would be better if you did n't write this kind of thing when you are agreeing with someone , especially if you claim to be interested in the topic they are writing about . 
   oh , i 'm very interessted in the topic . 
  in that case it seems odd that you write `` so what '' , when i comment on it . 
   the banter will only get worse the more you complain . 
  i guarantee it . 
  yes , this is something i wrote in the comment you responded to . 
  you seem to be agreeing with what i write and then writing `` so what '' . 
  that seems strange . 
  whether the uk stays in the eu or leaves will have significant historical consequences , which is why it is so closely examined by politicians , the media and the public . 
  if this is not a topic that interests you , i find it surprising that you want to comment on it . 
   of course we do n't believe you still live in empire fantasies , but the inflated ego it gave you is still very prevalent . 
  you 're punching above your weight on the world stage and if you leave the eu , somebody will take your boxing gloves and send you to sleep . 
  but this does n't seem to resonate with the public or politicians , so yes i hope you wake up the hard way in 10 - 15 years time . 
  you seem quite butthurt that lots of brits want to leave the eu . 
  this is weird - i am more than happy for the reu to continue with the political eu project . 
  i find it odd that you hope that we `` wake up the hard way '' . 
  i want the reu all the best , in particular i am hopeful that the eurozone creates the fiscal union that is so needed to make the euro successful . 
  i 'm just commenting on the impact this kind of thing will have on the referendum . 
   i 'm talking general lines of thought and your counter position is asking for examples ? 
  talking in generalties is not really helpful here . 
  specific examples would help .
