  uk will fine any ferry company that brings unauthorised people to the uk . 
   if the french withdraw cooperation there would be nothing preventing ferries from taking people across . 
  the ferries will not do it because they will be fined if they do . 
  just as planes do n't take people across , nor will ferries . 
  they determine whether or not you can get on to them . 
  if you could just on a plane and go to the uk , there would not be a jungle in calais as everyone would just fly to the uk . 
   why ca n't they just buy a ferry ticket ? 
  the same reason why they ca n't just buy a plane ticket . 
  if you do n't have the right to go to the uk , planes and ferries do n't let you on . 
  that 20 million was in addition to a previous 60 million . 
  the uk will keep sending money to help police the border ( in recognition that there are costs ) as long as france keep co-operating . 
  if france stops co-operating , uk stops sending money . 
   well that 's reasonable , and kind of crazy . 
  all this to prevent more europeans on your ground when they 're not even the majority of migrants . 
  it seams way overpriced to me . 
  no , it is not crazy , it is sensible to be in control of our own legal system . 
  it is n't about immigration . 
  i am in favour of high immigration , but it does not make sense for the uk to stay within the single market . 
   i see this all the time , but i do n't really get the logic . 
  why does the jungle stay ? 
  the jungle stays because the migrants are not able to get to the uk . 
  the trains do n't let them on , the ferries do n't let them on , the planes do n't let them on , the lorries do n't let them on . 
   ( 3 ) offer some kind of assistance to france in dealing with this problem ? 
  [ the uk is already giving money to france to help deal with this problem and is prepared to keep doing this . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/david-cameron-uk-give-france-20-million-to-stop-calais-migrants-refugees-reaching-england-a6908991.html ) if france scraps le touquet , the jungle stays in france but the uk stops giving money to france . 
  for some reason the bbc continues with this meme about children in calais . 
  uk taking in children from calais just encourages more children to make incredibly dangerous journeys to get to calais to live in squalid conditions which is exactly what we want to avoid . 
  the uk has essentially two choices here : ( 1 ) open the borders to any child in calais that wants to come to the uk including all future children that end up there or ( 2 ) not let any children in calais into the uk on the basis that france is rich , wealthy , western country which is quite capable of dealing with this problem . 
  edit - quite obviously to the extent that the uk should help vulnerable children in the world , it should prioritise those who are in most need , i.e. 
  those in refugee camps near warzones . 
  it should not focus on children who are in wealthy countries . 
   and daydreaming about throwing 3.5 millions people out of your country nobody is doing this . 
   so to sum up , you want to be out of the eu but stay in the single market . 
  you want to keep the banking passport and the touquet 's treaty . 
  no , i think the uk should leave the single market . 
  if france does not want to keep le touquet , then of course the uk will protect its borders another way . 
  just because france does not care about protecting its borders does not mean the uk needs to do the same thing . 
   inflation has already started . 
  inflation in the uk is below the bank of england 's target . 
   you are importing a lot more than you are exporting . 
  if you try to stop exporting to us , then it is your producers who suffer . 
   it would be a different story if uk leaves the eea and completely distances itself from eu . 
  as long as they keep a similar position as norway or schweiz i would think most scotts and their politicians are fine with staying a part of uk . 
  i think the number of scots that care about eea membership that do n't care about eu membership is pretty small in fact . 
   as such , if the british government chooses to leave the customs union , which seems likely , they are also making the choice to impose some level of border controls in ireland . 
  not really . 
  the uk does not need to put any controls on ireland whatsoever . 
  if brussels believes in tariffs and insists on border controls , that is on brussels . 
  but just because brussels does not believe in free trade , this is not the uk 's fault . 
   nothing out from france for a couple weeks to start , or just randomly slow everything to an halt . 
  a good chunk of your freight is actually coming via france . 
  this hurts you more than it hurts us . 
   after all , new tariffs are coming not from our side . 
  we do n't believe in tariffs , we believe in free trade . 
  you can put tariffs if you want , but it will hurt you . 
   you 're just going to enjoy some crazy inflation . 
  that 's the problem with islands being an island has nothing to do with inflation . 
  there is no problem with inflation for uk . 
   your country does n't even produce enough food for itself and we have not produced enough food for ourselves since 1760 . 
  we can buy it from you or we can get it cheaper elsewhere . 
  your farmers will not be happy if we stop buying it from you . 
   if we revoke your european banking passport , just explain me what are we going to miss in europe coming from your end ? 
  we do n't plan to stop selling you anything , because that is pointless . 
   did you see the 14h wait for british people to get to france for holidays this summer ? 
  well , maybe next summer it will take 36h . 
  if you want to harm your tourism industry , that would be a mistake . 
   you have a lot more to lose than we do , by far . 
  your country import a shitload more than it export to europe , we can do without your money , but can you live without fresh food and with a two digits inflation ? 
  the only way to stop food getting to the uk is by blockades . 
  the rest of the world can sell food to the uk . 
  hitler was the last person who tried this . 
  are you really saying you will try and starve the uk ? 
  you sound insane . 
   we do n't want to have to respond to washington nor moscow . 
  we are free people , we take order from anybody . 
  you take orders from brussels and berlin . 
    we 've been at war on and off for over a thousand years . 
  we 've been slaughtering each other before germans even knew they like pilsner and wurst . 
  at some point you ca n't but like and respect those shady bastards . 
  we love you too . 
  at some stage your enemy becomes so familiar that they become your friend . 
  you still hate them , but you like them too . 
   and considering that france in on the right side of the channel , and on the right side of the eu borders no , uk is the right side of the channel and the right side of the eu borders . 
  your side is the wrong side . 
  i agree that the question of the border is going to be a big political question , but i think fundamentally the fact that we are an island and you are on the continent helps us ( and of course , this has been a massive feature of our relationship for 1000 years ) . 
  i think the uk can play hardball here . 
  if france gives up le touquet , uk will in an instant put in place a regime in which each ferry/train that brings someone to the uk who is not entitled to come gets fined gbp10 .000 per person , a bit like what currently happens with aeroplanes . 
  france needs good relationship with uk , just as we need a good one with you . 
  you may hate us , but you need us . 
  we need you too . 
   linking all these up and downs to brexit is pretty pointless , article 50 has yet to be triggered . 
  while it is true that article 50 has yet to be triggered , the british government has been clear that the uk will be leaving the eu , so all economic data post referendum is relevant in that it is in contemplation of an eventual brexit . 
   what i do n't care about is the 1000th excuse as to why it has n't happened and why there 's no firm date and why it keeps getting pushed back , and evey british redditor has a different excuse or set of excuses which tells me your making up reasons so you have an argument . 
  the reason why there is not a firm date is because brexit is relatively complex and the british government wants to do it properly and work out its negotiating position . 
  there is no point setting a firm date in advance . 
  it does not advantage the uk at all , so there is no point doing it . 
  however , i expect that the uk will trigger article 50 sometime in 2017 . 
   there is no will of the people , the people were lied too . 
  yes , there were a lot of lies put about by the remain side , i agree . 
  however , luckily the british people saw through them .
