   naturally , but the question is whether these current value differences are such a big deal . 
  i do n't think they are too big a deal . 
  but , for example , when i go on holiday in the summer , say , to greece , i give myself a spending budget in pounds . 
  if the value of the pound falls , then i end up spending less in euros . 
  so i still spend the same amount , but greece gains less in tourism . 
  so it will end up having an economic impact , but perhaps not a massive one . 
   how many of those medals came from the velodrome ? 
  sort of hilarious how britain cleans up there as only they and a handful of other countries actually have a velodrome . 
  we did clean up in the velodrome with 6 gold medals from there . 
  however , of the 28 ? 
  different sports , the uk medalled in 19 of them . 
   i 'm gon na go out and celebrate with a few beers now yay !, 
  i ended up supporting denmark in this match . 
   and a full brexit would cost 4 % gdp , every year . 
  the source you used does not back up your claim . 
   a brexit will mean a smaller economy , an economy that had the most-priveleged of positions in the eu , and will have demoted political , economic and cultural influence not really . 
  just as many other economies outside the eu grow well , so will the uk . 
  as for politics and culture , the uk is a permanent member of the unsc and has unrivalled alliances around the world , one of the world 's best militaries and huge soft power . 
  you think that the uk is not able to govern itself . 
  it is . 
   no , it 's not possible that it wo n't shrink if we leave the single market . 
  not really . 
  there are multiple successful economies not in the single market . 
  the uk will be one of those . 
   that 's clearly your homemade solution . 
  exsting eu trade deals are intimately tied to legal , political and economic arrangments , and your overly-simplistic idea of doing something like a search-and-replace of country names , is quite naive . 
  it is an interim measure . 
   the uk has no trade negotiators ; the rest of the world will want to see what the uk-eu arrangement is before committing to a trade deal ; and britain has a weak and needy negotiating position . 
  such negotiation is as hard-headed an exercise as one can imagine , and the inexperienced uk ministers and officials will be lambs wandering into a slaughterhouse the uk will hire trade negotiators from overseas and train new ones . 
  you seem to hate the uk and not have confidence in it governing itself . 
  i am different from you . 
   lol , did farage tell you that ? 
  no , most economists are predicting that the british economy will not shrink as a result of brexit . 
   how long d you think it '' s takes to establish new trade deals ? 
  ( hint : it 's more than 2 weeks ) many of the existing eu arrangements with third countries can be largely grandfathered . 
  new arrangements with other countries that the eu currently does not have an arrangement with will take slightly longer , a few years likely . 
   whether the evolution of the value of the pound has had any significant influence on where british choose to spend their summer vacations . 
  value of the pound does impact how much brits spend when they go abroad , definitely . 
   whether the pound value towards the euro has any important economic meaning ( not consequences ) . 
  not why it floats , but why it has been floating as it did and whether that has any important meaning economically . 
  not an economist here , but i think the main reason for a falling pound is that the bank of england began a new round of quantitative easing and other accommodative monetary policy measures . 
   if we brexit , it 's guaranteed that the eocnomy will shrink eh ? 
  no , it will grow . 
  the whole point of the pound being a separate currency from the euro is that the value floats freely . 
  because the british economy is not aligned to the german economy perfectly , it does not make sense to share a currency with germany . 
  i was very shocked watching that episode . 
  it reflected poorly on the hosts . 
   it is possible he is a russian mole unknowingly . 
  lenin called these people useful idiots . 
  this . 
  he is a useful idiot . 
  happily the british public will never put him in government . 
  the problem seems to be that the election is automatically set for christmas day . 
  ca n't they put it on a different day , like a week in advance ? 
   you was agrarian country and we brought you to 20th century . 
  your language , culture , etc. 
  made huge revival during czechoslovakia . 
  you would have never achieved this when part of hungary and your gdp would be on the level of western ukraine ( in the east ) and poland ( in the west ) today . 
  when you betrayed the czech part and become nazi puppets , again we saved your ass and persuaded allies that you can end up on the winning site with us ( so no represals for you ) . 
  during communist czechoslovakia , again huge invetsments where was no industry whatsoever , not railways even . 
  literacy skyrocketed and educational level reached nearly czech regions . 
  you was very lucky . 
  wow , slovakia seems to be almost as annoying as scotland has been for england . 
  the uk is likely to want to join efta . 
  there are virtually no down-sides . 
  gold medal in shopping ... 
   so we 're all agreeing that czechia is now the english word for it too ? 
  i find it a bit weird that people who do n't have english as their native language somehow think that they can decide new english language words ... to me it would be a bit like me deciding what the new czech language word for the uk should be !, 
   the referendum is over but they are still active and advocating for the immediate activation of article 50 . 
  actually , the official campaign to leave the eu , vote leave , is being wound down and is no longer campaigning . 
  the various people who were active in the leave campaign do n't have a unified position on when article 50 should be triggered and there is a range of views here . 
  as someone who was very involved in the brexit campaign i am not advocating immediate triggering of article 50 , i think the current government position of working out a negotiating stance before triggering it is the correct one . 
  this view is shared by the majority of brexiteers . 
   it does make the uk more attractive in terms of tourism for now , while the uk is still part of the eu ( so free movement still applies ) . 
  free movement and tourism are really not the same thing ... 
  i do n't think it really is splitting hairs . 
  for example , parliament could have passed a law for the referendum to take place , with an obligation on the government to trigger article 50 within six months of the referendum if the vote was to `` leave '' . 
  that would have given it a binding nature . 
  obviously , after the referendum and before article 50 had been triggered , parliament would still have been able to pass a new law taking away the obligation of the government , effectively unbinding it . 
  the fact that the referendum did not have an automatic consequence was a deliberate choice of parliament . 
   parliament can not make binding referendums uk parliament can make binding referendums . 
  however , then afterwards it can unbind them ... parliament is sovereign . 
  the economist has an incredible pro-eu bias . 
  however , obviously we should not exclude publications for their bias . 
  we should encourage criticism as know how healthy criticism is . 
   many brexiteers voted against the ` status quo ' . 
  not necessarily one person or even the eu but against ` the system ' . 
  it was in large parts a textbook protest vote and not one based on the empirical merits of eu membership . 
  even if that were the case , it is still not a good precedent for the italian referendum . 
  what the italian government is proposing is not the status quo . 
   but it 's also likely to fail seeing as how a lot of people will vote against him rather than on the merits of the reform . 
  like for the brexit referendum . 
  personally i do n't think that there were many people who voted `` leave '' primarily as a reason to vote against cameron . 
  i ca n't think of another british politician who had a better chance of winning a referendum on the eu . 
  ultimately i do n't think it was winnable . 
   we 've always tried to have relatively good relations with russia . 
  we have n't generally had good relations with russia . 
  obviously , it makes sense to say that ties should be improved , but in practice this always seems very difficult given what russia does . 
   and other half we should really ship to uk before we lose that opportunity , because they are worthless lumpens . 
  ummmm thanks - i think ,
