  again , this is nothing to do with eu membership . 
   sure but why would this stop in case of independence ? 
  it would n't stop . 
  but the snp 's main reason for asking for independence is because they want to be in the eu 's single market . 
  it is our sub too . 
   because those have been so bad for britain ? 
  they are not as good for the uk as the uk being outside them . 
  outside the customs union , the uk can reduce tariffs and have its own trade policy . 
  outside the single market , the uk can regulate in a more competitive way . 
   you know part of the rather large rebate you get is to compensate for that ? 
  it would still be preferable for the uk to be outside the cap , because it does not make sense for the agriculture  on top of the cap you actually do receive but of which a large part goes to fund the queens and other lords estates instead of the farmers needing it ? 
  i agree , the rules of the cap do not suit the uk . 
  once we leave the cap , we will not have to fund lords ' estates etc in this way . 
   so that pretty much leaves common fisheries policy . 
  because screw maintaining sustainable fishing stocks . 
  who cares about future generations anyway right ? 
  the cfp is a disaster . 
  outside the cfp the uk can make fish stock more sustainable . 
   however , its fairly obvious that it will loose a big chunk of its european business without single market access . 
  the uk will still have access to the single market , even though the uk will not be in the single market . 
   thats just the way things have to be as you will no longer be allowed to sell services to say companies in france via london services can still be sold into france from the uk , just as services can be sold into new york from the uk . 
   and obviously jobs will follow . 
  its no doomsday scenario but it will certainly hurt for some years since the uk voted to leave the eu , the city of london has continued to create more jobs , not lose them . 
   so they 're pretty much dropping all their referendum pledges one by one huh ? 
  this was not a referendum pledge . 
   do n't really see what the entire point of brexit even is then tbh . 
  ability to leave the single market , customs union , common agricultural policy and common fisheries policy . 
   yes , there 's no doubt that the uks hostility towards it 's allies has strengthened peoples feeling of union . 
  uk is not hostile to its allies . 
   the uk will still exist 2 decades from now , it wo n't have very high trading standards anymore , and it wo n't grow as fast as the nearby eu countries , but it 'll still be more or less the same . 
  how on earth do you know these things ? 
  these are purely assumptions without any evidence . 
  poor little persecuted brits . 
  grow a spine you should be ashamed of yourself . 
   also , my fetish is a united europe so seeing the uk being torn apart is n't all that bad . 
  your hatred for the uk is extraordinary . 
  look at the opinion polls . 
   i 'm equally sure as a scientist , different countries will also be lining up to give us research funding ... oh wait or all the skilled scientists can leave to somewhere where we will get funding and where collaboration exists . 
  without collaboration science would slow right down obviously the uk will continue to collaborate with the entire globe in relation to science . 
  thousands of europeans move to the uk for work every month . 
  they must know something you do n't . 
  i prefer the uk will leave the single market and leave the customs union and leave the common agricultural policy and leave the common fisheries policy . 
  we can stay in erasmus or something . 
   the source for your statement is in the future ? 
  [ if you want to look at the most recent polls , they are here and they are clear . 
  scottish people do not want a referendum . 
  of course the uk government should respect that wish . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_second_scottish_independence_referendum ), 
  all this love for the uk on this sub is really overwhelming me !, 
  yeah - look at your own link of financial centres . 
  shanghai and tokyo are smaller financial centres than hong kong and singapore . 
  common law is not the only thing , it is one of the many advantages the uk has . 
  other things like low tax , timezone , deep pockets of professional expertise , cultural amenities of london all help too . 
  less than half of the uk 's trade is with the eu . 
  more than half of scotland 's trade is with the rest of the uk . 
  the uk economy will be fine after brexit . 
  uk general election 2017 . 
  wait until 8 june . 
  scotland is much less likely to leave the uk now that the uk is leaving the eu . 
  scotland trades far more with the uk than the eu for example . 
  even the snp do n't want to join the eu because they do n't want the euro and they do n't like the common fisheries policy . 
  germany is a fantastic country that i love , but it does not have what it takes to have a global financial centre . 
  there is a reason why the main global financial centres are london , new york , singapore and hong kong : they all share the common law . 
  the scottish people do not want another referendum . 
  obviously the uk government will listen to them . 
  financial markets love london because of our language , legal system , stable democracy and our welcoming and open culture . 
  uk does understand about solidarity which is why we give 2 % of our gdp to defence and 0.7 % to overseas aid . 
  would be great if germany did this too !, 
  the uk allowed the other countries to create the euro . 
  we gave you special treatment . 
  i am saying that you guys love us , not the other way round . 
  the scottish people want to stay in the uk . 
   the brits just have to get used to us no longer standing to attention every time they open their mouths . 
  we know you love us really < 3, 
  irish people would vote yes to it i reckon . 
   it is only the ec who 's said it however . 
  the european parliament has also said it wants a free trade deal . 
  however , in my view the ec is going to be more important on this . 
   hard brexit or a somewhat softer one ? 
  i do n't think these terms are particularly helpful . 
  the underlying principles are that we will not , in the long run , be in the customs union and we will not be in the single market . 
  the fact that there is a transition is simply a detail . 
   the next 5-10 years in the uk will revolve mainly around brexit and new trade deals , and it will sap both time an energy away from other important political decisions . 
  my view is that it will force the country to ask itself difficult questions not just about brexit , but about other things too . 
  hopefully housing crisis , education standards for starters . 
  also rethink the relationship between the nations of the uk . 
  [ see 17 , 18 , 19 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/31/full-eus-draft-guidelines-brexit-negotiations/ ), 
  the eu wants a free trade agreement with the uk . 
   wait , so you 're saying these 27 countries have banded together in some sort of union to exert pressures on those outside to get better terms themselves . 
  this is about her getting more votes . 
  and this tactic will end up working . 
  the uk government is facing a task that is more important than any task it has faced since the second world war . 
  and the british people will in the june election vote in massive numbers for may to run that government - this will make her task easier . 
  deep down we are kind of enjoying this , i think . 
  it is fun to be in the minority , to face up to europe alone , in difficult circumstances . 
  but to do that we need to have a government with a secure mandate and that is what we will put in place . 
  this is not surprising . 
  tories generally care more about the tory party than they care about the eu . 
  tory party has only managed to survive as a thing since the 1760s by managing to adapt to changing circumstances . 
  pragmatism generally trumps ideology .
