  ouch people are really annoyed that wealthy oxbridge types with fancy jobs who have lived overseas like me voted leave . 
  it destroys their idea of who voted leave : they would far rather think that leave voters are poor and old ( for some reason it is socially acceptable to hate poor people who did n't vote how they were told to ) . 
  people in middle class cosmopolitan circles prefer not to encounter people in their same circle who voted leave , because it forces them to confront the fact that people who are ( in their eyes ) open-minded , cosmopolitan and globalist might have legitimate reasons for voting leave . 
  it forces them to debate the actual issues , rather than live in the comfort of their middle-class prejudices . 
  even yesterday evening at dinner with some work associates i managed to stun the table into a chilled silence when i told them i voted leave . 
  response was `` but , / u/trucidator , how could you vote leave ? 
  you speak italian ! '', 
  it really is difficult to persuade people that i do n't vote based on their perceived idea of my identity , but based on the actual issues . 
   but it does n't really explain why there is a sudden spate of them now . 
  a lot of people on this sub and generally have been in `` brenial '' and think that the british people will somehow change their mind or that may is pretending to be serious about brexit . 
  it is gradually now dawning on these people that the british people were serious . 
  when they voted to leave the eu , they meant exactly that . 
  they are pleased that the government is committed to what they instructed the government to do . 
   but i still think that brexit will be a net positive me too . 
  it will force real reform in eu in a way which would not have occurred had the uk voted remain . 
  while this reform will not be easy for the eu , it is crucially important . 
   but 95 % of people know that by now ... british people have not changed their opinions and a majority of british people still want to leave the eu . 
   the old and the ignorant have spoken and in in a way have tied everyone even closer to themselves , leaving the country or doing business with people outside the country just became a lot harder . 
  uk has always been very global . 
  more people born in the uk live now live outside the uk than any rich nation . 
  we do n't need to be in the eu to be global , indeed , being in the eu is too narrow for brits . 
  i think the headline is a bit confusing for uk readers . 
  we were n't aware that we were trying to create an alliance with switzerland against the eu . 
  we just want to leave the eu . 
  the reality of leaving the eu is that we will focus far more on old friends and new allies than we would have were we going to stay , but that is n't really an alliance against the eu . 
   technically , that 's correct , but to be fair , neither do the eu member states . 
  there are so many exceptions to the single market for services directive -- which only has `` the objective '' to achieve a genuine internal market in services -- there is n't that much of a difference between the deal the eu has with switzerland , and the deal enshrined in the services directive . 
  i agree that the single market for services is far from complete and in fact this is one of reasons why i voted leave . 
  in some areas ( e.g. 
  banking passporting ) there is a theoretical single market for services and switzerland is not part of that whereas eea countries theoretically are ( though if you examine the detail it is a more complex picture than that ) . 
  [ north ronaldsey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_ronaldsay ) would i reckon declare independence from orkney in this scenario ;-), 
   let us make clear what is normal and what is not . 
  i 'm sure we can do that . 
  i found this letter incredibly interesting in terms of dutch culture and politics . 
  it really reminded me of the famous dutch expression : '' * doe maar gewoon dan doe je al gek genoeg * '' - just be normal , because being normal is crazy enough . 
  in the netherlands there are strict social rules in relation to what is normal . 
  i do not think that in the uk ( for example ) we would accept it if our pm were to write a similar letter and we do not really accept such strong statements on what is normal . 
  especially in england , individual eccentricity is a highly guarded social freedom . 
   switzerland has the four freedoms of movement this is incorrect . 
  switzerland does not have free movement of services . 
  indeed , in germany in 2013 elections , cdu/csu almost got an absolute majority with 41.5 % of the vote because afd and fdp both were just below the threshold . 
  lol . 
  that feeling when you say you want to visit your cousins , then get told that you are probably wanting to go on a march , then get told that you are militant for not wanting to go on a march ... ;-), 
  ultimately investors trust that the uk will pay and they also trust the uk courts . 
  there is a currency risk , but investors also like to have a diversity of currencies as a hedging strategy . 
   i 'm not sure about what currency uks debt is based on so do n't quote me there please , but i am sure it is not pound . 
  a majority of uk debt is in gbp and under uk law . 
  this is preferable for the uk government as it gives the uk more control . 
   no , they were not . 
  i am not sure how closely you followed the referendum , but vote leave were clear that their preferred exit was outside the single market . 
  gove spoke about it at length . 
   the 2015 tory manifesto for the elections , the same that called for a referendum on the eu membership , stated that the uk best interests were served inside the single market . 
  that manifesto did not commit to staying in the single market even if the uk voted to leave the eu . 
   the govt wanted to use the royal prerogative to bypass parliamentary scrutiny and therefore contradict the claim of leave campaign that parliament should be the ultimate authority in the uk . 
  parliament remains the ultimate sovereign in any case . 
  even if the government can use the royal prerogative in this instance , parliament is still able to legislate to reduce the royal prerogative and if they are not happy with what the government is doing they can remove the government . 
  however , personally i want parliament to specifically vote for us to leave the eu and i look forward to them doing that . 
  i am a catholic . 
  i would never in a million years attend a march . 
  it is extraordinary that you would even suggest that i would . 
  all my family in ireland from both the north and the south are catholics . 
  most of them are in kinsale/cork area . 
   i do n't see any reason why either uk or france would want to end military ties . 
  and in fact neither of them will . 
  the entente is important to both . 
   the leave campaigners the vote leave campaign were clear that their preferred exit was out of the single market . 
   free to attack the vey same institutions leave campaigners told us they cherished so much and free to be pissed about the rule of law that wants the government to be accountable to the parliament . 
  it is right that the scope of the royal prerogative is subject to the courts . 
  that is not undermining the rule of law , that is being subject to it . 
  i agree with your points about us spending . 
  in terms of european nato spending , i do n't think the 2 % is completely artificial . 
  if countries like estonia spend 2 % this makes nato more politically acceptable in uk and us whereas if nobody bothers spending it , there is a risk that nato loses political capital in uk and u.s. also , if a country like estonia can do it , it makes other countries feel that they can increase their spending too . 
  i think it also forces estonian governments and people to appreciate the nato concept in a more real way . 
  it is true that we need the money to be spent wisely and on things that really help , but the 2 % target is there for a reason ... we will see what happens after french and german elections ... 
  we have plural and robust media with different views , that are not afraid of the government . 
  that is a wonderful thing . 
  theresa may is going to usa to visit trump next week and number 1 on the agenda is nato . 
  i expect that may and trump will jointly state that they are committed to nato but expect all nato partners to move towards 2 % gdp spending on it . 
  also , from uk 's perspective it is very annoying to read about all these countries criticising trump on nato when those same countries do not value nato . 
  valuing nato means paying for it and not free riding on the backs of others . 
  should out here to poles , estonians and greeks who do actually pay for it - thanks bros. . uk is going to stay a strategic partner on defence and intelligence with europe whatever . 
  keeping russia out is crucial . 
  i am not sure if i really believe eu capabilities , but we will see . 
  this pic makes me want to go to ireland to see my cousins ... 
  i disagree with all of that other than you correctly pointing out that our opposition are currently very weak . 
  hopefully we get a better opposition soon . 
  mps should be able to criticise central banks if central banks make political statements . 
  i think this episode actually shows that the uk has a strong constitution with effective institutions . 
  parliament get to vote on it . 
  if the people do n't like it they can vote on a party that wants to end it at the next election . 
  i am not too worried about it and want to liberalise trade . 
  i think there could be big advantages . 
  britain is not heading towards being an authoritarian state . 
  in the brexit vote we just had the people refuse to vote in the way the government told us to vote and by doing so we forced the government to change its position . 
  this is the opposite of authoritarian . 
  i completely agree with you that now is the time for brits to try and understand what eu is for a lot of europeans and express some empathy . 
  and as someone who voted leave and campaigned for it , i would like to say to those europeans who are sad about brexit that i understand your sadness and am sorry about it , but still think uk is right to leave . 
  i still think we can be friends . 
  however , i do not think that the uk government or the british people generally ever really understood what the eu was about while we were members so i do n't expect that we will collectively suddenly start understanding now . 
  and , also , from our perspective you never really understood us too and i am not sure if that will change .
