  anyway , the uk 's proposals are not harsher that germany 's current system . 
  we will see where the cjeu get to . 
  i think you misunderstand me . 
  depriving them of their liberty is necessary to protect the public . 
  letting them vote does n't , which is why i would be happy for them to vote . 
  but this should be a decision for elected representatives . 
  i 've never claimed them , as i work . 
  where do you think gives more generous benefits ? 
  britain is probably pro albanian accession . 
  expanding the eu is the best way to make it collapse . 
   btw , i work for one of the fastest growing companies in sweden , speak fluent swedish now , and have actively attempted to integrate into society with success . 
  the same thing i was more than willing to do in the uk before xenophobic , populist wankers took control of the public debate . 
  well , that 's great for you . 
  you found a better job in sweden than in the uk . 
  that 's called the world of work . 
  people move where they can get jobs . 
  i 've done this too . 
  britain does n't owe people jobs , though many many many people do move to britain and find work easily . 
   i have a dphil ( in a very lucrative field ) from the university of oxford , i lived in the uk for 5 years . 
  i come from another wealthy , developed , but non-eu country . 
  english is my native language . 
  in the time i lived in the uk , i watched the government change and take on an anti-foreigner bent so rapidly that i do n't think anyone could have foreseen it . 
  it became nearly untenable ( though technically still possible ) to stay and work with any sort of security in my future in the uk . 
  i left when no company outside the city had the ability to sponsor a work visa or tried to use it as a reason to reduce their salary offer . 
  i am not alone . 
  i watched friends of various nationalities ( including commonwealth citizens from other english speaking countries , i might add ) get legislated out of the country by a xenophobic government hellbent on kicking as many of us out as possible . 
  most of them went to one of the top 5 uk universities , and usually one of the top in their field . 
  i 'm sorry about your situation , but it has nothing to do with this article , which concerns eu nationals who do n't speak english who want benefits . 
  as a non-eu national , who does speak english , who was n't looking for benefits , the policies are obviously entirely different . 
  i 'm a bit surprised you could n't get a work visa if you were so qualified though . 
  maybe it was during the heights of the financial crisis ? 
  and why did n't you want to work in the city ? 
  i know tonnes of australians and kiwis ( for example ) who work in britain easily . 
  britain is full of them . 
  my firm even goes to australia every year to try and recruit australians . 
  do n't you want there to be different views ? 
  can you imagine living in a world where all newspapers printed the same things from the same angle ? 
  there is no such thing as neutrality when it comes to the news . 
  i do agree with you , the irish government did make some mistakes too , particularly towards the end . 
  but having effective negative interest rates was always going to be very hard to manage . 
  he 's writing reuropeans , i 'm writing reuropeans , to clarify that i am not talking about the norwegians and the albanians . 
   it is a term to describe everyone in the eu other than britons . 
  it comes from reu , the body that the uk will negotiate with if we leave . 
  like in the uk , we have scotland and ruk , which means england , northern ireland and wales . 
  it stands for rump uk . 
  but you did know that this was a political project , not an economic one , no ? 
  and you must have realised that a lot of the countries were not economically aligned ? 
  and that they would develop at different rates ? 
  and that their economic cycles would be different ? 
  and therefore that it was not going to be possible for one interest rate to work across the whole eurozone ? 
  and that ireland , because of its proximity to the british economy , was going to be particularly vulnerable to this ? 
  still , i guess in the next european elections you will be able to vote for a party that wants to change the objectives and workings of the ecb ? 
  wo n't you ? 
  personally i would agree that prisoners should get the vote , because i think that the reason to deprive them of their liberty is mainly to protect the public . 
  however , in a democracy i think the decision over this kind of thing should lie with the legislature rather than the judiciary . 
  and the legislature have spoken very clearly on this one several times . 
  yeah , i wonder what the reason of dutch government was here ? 
  maybe a fear of the dutch freedom party doing well in the next elections ? 
  the markets do not put ireland in the same category as portugal and greece . 
  i think it will take portugal and greece much longer and there is also much more political risk of goverments who are not committed to austerity being elected there . 
  dude , what did you think was going to happen when you joined the single currency ?!, 
  you need to get your economic cycle aligned with germany rather than britain . 
  i do n't think that has happened yet . 
  they become part of austria ? 
  let 's wait and see how they vote first !, 
   such hypocracy from a land that has one of the highest expatriation rates this is about things like unemployment benefits though . 
  do you have any evidence that when britons go abroad they get unemployment benefits from their host countries ? 
  if i were to move to sweden tomorrow , would i be able to get unemployment benefits immediately ? 
   and takes advantage of more open immigration laws elsewhere and has a rather well-deserved reputation for being very poor at other languages . 
  you think our immigration laws are n't open ? 
  there are 400,000 french people living and working in london !, 
  if you want to work in britain , it is very easy to come here and do that . 
   in the comments someone linked to this . 
  is that really true ? 
  did as many britons leave britain as reuropeans moved to britain ? 
  it is hard to find accurate statistics on this question , both for britons moving to reu and reuropeans moving to uk . 
  it would not surprise me if many british people have moved to reu , though the numbers do seem pretty high . 
  personally i think free movement of labour is good thing , though as a middle-class educated person i have personally benefitted from it a huge amount having easily worked overseas , both in reu and in asia . 
  i work in a sector where reuropeans ( other than the irish ) are not able to compete with me . 
  i am able to get people to clean my house for much cheaper than i otherwise would . 
  when britain leaves the eu , i am sure we will continue to want many reuropeans to move here and i am sure they will want to come . 
  i expect reu will allow britons to stay too . 
  watch it !, 
  we will invade and annex frisia if you are not careful !, 
  how about it ? 
  if the union between england and scotland falls apart , how about england and frisia instead ? 
  then we can all eat b\u00fbter , brea en griene tsiis together . 
  and re-create an [ anglo-frisian language ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-frisian_languages ) . 
   so ... teach them english , then ? 
  many countries have some language tests for benefits/residency/citizenship . 
   most of them also offer free classes in the national language and do n't imperialistically assume everyone just automatically speaks it or is stupid . 
  britain is not forcing people to come to britain against their will . 
  people make choices to come to britain . 
  i am happy for those people to make those choices and come to britain , but i think that the people who need to take responsibility for those choices are the people who make them ( rather than the british taxpayer at a time of big cuts and austerity ) . 
  if other countries want to do things differently they can do that . 
  you still do have a collosal debt , but you will gradually chip away with it , especially if you keep up with growth and stay spending within your means . 
  you still need more austerity . 
  yes , that would be a clever solution too . 
  i love the minority languages of britain and it is a real shame that some of them have disappeared completely , like cornish . 
  it is funny to think that the english language has much more in common with danish than it does with welsh !,
