  it my mind this is ludicrous . 
  instead the uk should leave the eu and just let the eurozone do whatever it wants . 
   we are not talking about money from investors but normal savers like you and me . 
  we are also investors . 
  it is either normal savers that pay the cost or normal taxpayers . 
  the small guy takes a hit either way . 
  the ordinary saver has the option not to put their money in an overseas high interest rate account and instead put their money in a domestic ( lower interest rate ) account , that is obviously safer . 
  the taxpayer has no option . 
   then why did n't he focus on reforming the contribution of member states , or at least put the spotlight on it ? 
  tatcher did . 
  cameron succeeded negotiating the first ever cut to the eu budget which is quite an achievement . 
  this was also very necessary at a time when member states were going through austerity . 
  obviously , if the eurozone want to become a fiscal transfer union ( and it has to if it is going to survive ) then this will involve large contributions from the eurozone . 
  but it is not cameron 's job to make the eurozone work . 
  it is the job of the eurozone . 
   i think you could get opt-outs . 
  this is possible , but this comes at gigantic political cost and is a major and continual risk to the british economy . 
  i think the safer choice is to vote out , that we we do n't have to constantly be worrying about opt outs . 
   i do n't think the countries who were wise enough not to join the eurozone will be forced into it now . 
  the same people that created the eurozone , knowing that it would n't really work are not going to stop now ... 
  the project must go on . 
   if there was a referendum tomorrow here to vote for if we all wanted our mortgage debt written off , how do you think people would vote ? 
  a referendum does n't mean it 's inherently fair . 
  as someone that has mortgage debt , i would n't vote for it to be written off because of the devastating economic consequences of that . 
  i expect that the majority of the british public would agree with me . 
   this would put us again at the very real possibility of a two-speed europe , but implicitly this too is something that cameron is not entirely in favour of : he 's fine with a two-speed europe , as long as he gets to have a personal brake button . 
  it is n't the uk that is objecting to turning the eurozone into a fiscal transfer zone . 
  it is the people and governments of every single country that will be paying for it . 
  if the euro is n't working or being reformed quick enough , do n't blame the uk . 
  blame your own governments . 
   but people who made the euro knew this . 
  they wanted to force us into a political union to fix the broken currency . 
  and it might well work . 
  this is one of the reasons why i think the uk need to leave the eu as soon as possible . 
  the eurozone is inherently unstable . 
  it either needs to completely integrate and become a single entity or it needs to disintegrate . 
  in neither circumstance does it it really make sense for the uk to be shackled to it . 
   apparently the eu is economic nazi now . 
  not economic nazi , just absurd to put very different economies in the same currency without fiscal transfers and think that somehow ( magic ? ), 
  those very different economies will converge . 
   yet the first thing iceland did when shit hit the fan was to apply for eu membership . 
  not really . 
  since then they have revoked their application . 
   this is the same country that if they got their way , they would have make multiple millions euros of eu savers disappear . 
  i am cool with that . 
  i think it should be foreign investors who are on the hook for poor decisions by icelandic banks rather than the icelandic taxpayer . 
  also , iceland did decide this in a fair way , with a referendum . 
   germany and ( france ) is thriving . 
  germany 's economy is doing significantly better than france 's . 
  the uk has taken advantage of not being in the euro by adopting totally different fiscal and monetary policy from that which it would have been constrained by were it in the euro . 
  it is therefore hard to say with confidence that it would have thrived inside the euro . 
  if a brexit happens , the rest of the eu will not just carry on as if nothing has happened . 
  it will be forced to totally rethink everything . 
  the bbc is not what i was talking about when it comes to the media . 
  i was talking about the print media . 
  which opt outs do you want us to give up ? 
  no , we do n't have to fund them . 
  are you sure you have to prove that you are gay ? 
  would n't it be the case that the german government would have to prove that you are not gay ? 
  political correctness has become such a loaded term unfortunately . 
  however , the underlying principle that we should be polite in public life is a correct one . 
   besides , direct democracy did n't seem to hinder swiss stability . 
  this . 
  every theoretical argument against direct democracy seems to stumble against the reality that is switzerland . 
  if things work well in practice , why do we really care if things do n't work in some clever people 's theories ? 
   least half the time they do n't know what they 're talking about i agree that the level of ignorance among much of the media when it comes to the eu is painful . 
  it is a bit depressing that journalists sometimes write about things without doing basic research !, 
  the standard of journalism when covering domestic political matters is far higher . 
  my view is that this still comes down to the eu being remote , artificial , tedious and uninteresting . 
  personally i am not sure if it really makes sense to blame newspapers for actions that they take which are within the law in a free and liberal democracy . 
  if we really believe in a free press , we must believe in the right of national media to cover the stories that they want to cover in the way that they want to cover them . 
  i do n't think that national media ( at least in the uk ) is incompetent , instead it seems to flourish despite there being a global trend away from traditional media as a result of the internet and social media . 
  i think national media being somewhat uninterested in the eu is a consequence of the eu being a rather artificial and remote structure . 
  newspapers , unsurprisingly , are focused around the national demos , the national political , cultural and linguistic realities of different nations . 
  edit - some typographical stuff !, 
   unfortunately most people have no clue on how eu works or what exactly we signed up for . 
  which , is extremely regrettable and effectively a failure of the eu and a failure of democracy . 
   how can you tell , if the two always come together ? 
  as someone that works in the city as a lawyer and regularly discusses choice of law with financial clients i understand the legal concerns of market participants . 
  i hate to use the `` i am an expert therefore i am right '' argument here , [ but i have already explained what the technical reasons are ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3qrixg/in_case_of_brexit_luxembourg_is_open_for_business/cwi9qc4 ) . 
   yes , there are arguments for it , but there are also arguments against . 
  i 'm just not aware of the arguments against the common law from a finance perspective . 
  what are the arguments ? 
  i 'm pointing out that the common law is liked by finance not just because it correlates with the english language ( which seemed to be your point ) but that it is liked by finance independently of the english language . 
  see my other post on this , below . 
   could you elaborate on why common law is beneficial ? 
  i am biased as i am a common law lawyer . 
   however , i think the main reasons are : - common law is certain . 
  there is an absolute requirement for judges to follow precedent . 
  this means that parties to a financial transaction have greater certainty about the legality of that transaction . 
  there is less of a grey area . 
  - common law is commercial . 
  the common law courts have built up a system gradually , over hundreds of years of trade and finance and have always prioritised commercial outcomes , free from parliamentary interference . 
  - common law is international and widely understood . 
  the english common law is very similar to the common law in the us , australia , canada , new zealand , south africa , ireland , singapore and hong kong , which tend to move in a similar direction . 
  for an international investor , if they see that a contract is governed by english law they do n't worry that they have to diligence that law because they already understand it . 
  - common law protects lenders , enforces contractual bargains , does not imply `` good faith '' , allows speedy insolvency and resolution processes . 
  i guess this is part of my `` commercial argument '' . 
  - common law is efficient . 
  getting a judgment in a common law jurisdiction is typically speedy .
