  if the posters posting the racist views is a crime in sweden then it would be correct for the newspapers to report it to the police and then there to be a trial . 
  it is not for newspapers to decide that they should be arbiters of the law in this way . 
  so therefore even more reason for europeans to learn it ... 
  china does have a poor human rights record , but that is n't a reason not to learn mandarin though . 
  and as for culture , china has plenty . 
  haha !, 
  he is a bit mean to belgians , that is true !, 
  he should n't have said [ belgium is a non-country ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/8538281.stm ) . 
  he should have said the truth : belgium is british invention aimed at annoying france . 
  no , he just recognises china 's share of the global economy is growing while the eu 's share is shrinking . 
  what crimes have they committed ? 
  a thought crime ? 
  i agree , this makes a lot of sense for the uk . 
  the difference in policies between ukip and bnp is crucial though . 
  it is the difference being a party that is concerned with sovereignty and a party concerned with ethnicity . 
  ukip 's main policy is for uk to exit the eu . 
  i can not understand why someone from france , germany , belgium , italy or denmark would have a problem with ukip . 
  as you will have seen from my post that you replied to , my argument is that all notions of nationhood are to some extent emotional . 
  the belief in the eu is an emotional one too . 
  you might not admit this to yourself , but this does n't mean it is n't true . 
  you can do that in english too for lots noun if you under the age of five . 
  i do n't know why it is , but small children when speaking english often add - ie to the ends of nouns , but stop when they go to school . 
  we do that too in the same way - doggie !, 
  xenophobic people in britain probably do have a tendancy to gravitate towards ukip . 
  however , in my view it is better that those people vote for ukip than voting for an extreme party or an ethnocentric party , like the bnp . 
  for example , in the next european elections , ukip are likely to remove all power from the bnp completely . 
  ukip also is extremely careful with membership and who gets to stand for it . 
  perhaps they could do more . 
  the deal that uk gets when it leaves is obviously up for debate !, 
  and it is true that all other member states will be affected , though in different ways . 
  for example , currently some member states agree with uk policy , but let uk be the one to be seen not to be playing ball . 
  for example , in the last eu budget negotiations , sweden and the netherlands wanted the budget to be cut by more than britain did and denmark also agreed that it should be cut . 
  [ britain , netherlands , sweden and denmark formed an alliance . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21363098 ) but guess who got all the blame ?!, 
  you 'll miss us when we 're gone !, 
  good luck with the french and the germans , you 'll need it !, 
  as mentioned , the figurehead argument does not matter to me and nor does the argument about democracy . 
  i do n't know what ukip say about that so there is no point me and you discussing it . 
  even if the eu is able to fix all of the democratic deficit completely ( i hope if can , but i doubt it ) i would still want the uk not to be part of the eu . 
  ultimately , we all have preferences about where we think power should lie and how close to us that power should be and the extent of our nation . 
  this really comes down to personal preference more than anything else and is based on emotional reasons rather than rational ones . 
  for a lot of euphiles , they prefer power to be at a european level and the eu to extend across europe . 
  they want to be in a union of europeans rather than non-europeans and they would not want to federalise with , for example , usa , china , india , n. korea , india to join their union . 
  this preference has a lot to do with recent european history and memory of the world wars , a lot of europeans trust a european superstate more than they trust their own state or more than they trust other nations in europe . 
  for me the preference is that power over me lies at the level of the uk government rather than at the european level or at some world level . 
  a lot of british people share this view and again this comes down to history . 
  because of our history , we trust the british nation state more than we trust what comes from the continent . 
  you might be able to change a man 's head , but good luck with trying to change his heart . 
  english is essentially a germanic language but with huge influence from the romance languages . 
  this can make it both simple , but also complicated : like its users , the english . 
  this means for lots of concepts we have both a germanic word and a romance word , with very slightly different meanings , e.g. 
  : * fatherly v paternal * shit v defecate * hard v difficult * child v infant * fight v battle the words of germanic orgin speak to our hearts , while the words of romance origin speak to our heads . 
  ( the opposite of what you might have thought . ), 
  i initially wrote something specifically in relation to the data protection directive , that you and the other poster cited . 
  then , before posting , i decided that that directive is extremely poorly written as to have uncertain legal effect so decided against it . 
  or maybe i edited it after posting ? 
  i ca n't remember !, 
  as to the newspaper 's lawyers i agree that is indicative . 
  i do n't think it is conclusive though . 
  as a lawyer all the time i am advising people to do one thing and then they go and do another ... , 
  hopefully the uk government will appeal this decision . 
  i think that in this instance the right of privacy will trump the right to free expression . 
  which uk government ? 
  the current one ? 
  or all uk governments in the future ? 
  most mainland brits could not be less interested in n. ireland . 
  the issue is much more one of self-determination of the n. irish . 
  pulling out wo n't be that drastic . 
  nobody thinks that switzerland 's arrangement with the eu is drastic . 
  or norway 's . 
  or iceland 's . 
  or turkey 's . 
  or singapore 's . 
  or japan 's . 
  the uk is going to stay trading with the eu and in various other ways co-operating with various other member states . 
  i agree that transparency is a good thing . 
  my point is not really about democratic legitimacy ( though i agree with you that it would make sense to move powers from unelected people to elected people in the eu ) , but a constitutional question . 
  you 'll see that i did not mention democracy in my earlier post . 
  i would like eu law not to have primacy over uk law and this does not really relate directly to democracy . 
  i also wonder how possible it really is for there to be democracy in europe , given that arguably there is no demos . 
  i do n't think your points about the queen , the british pm and the house of lords have much relevance in this respect . 
  the queen is hugely popular and has almost no political power . 
  the pm is less popular , but we can get rid of him rather easily in an election . 
  there is n't an appetite in the uk for a directly elected pm . 
  the house of lords is a whole other discussion . 
  anyway , the british constitution , not being written down , is able to evolve slowly and reflect the times and the climes . 
  for example , constitutional theorists argued that the ability for the uk to declare war has moved in the last year or so from the executive to the legislature , after the `` no '' vote on a war with syria . 
  brits do n't seem to have much appetite for uk constituional reform anyway . 
  ( other than lawyers like me or when it comes to the eu . ), 
  i think scotland has perhaps a 20 per cent chance of becoming independent in the next few years . 
  extending that to the next few decades i would say it is getting close to 50 per cent . 
  a united ireland is less likely . 
  not because the brits want to keep northern ireland , but because the republic of ireland has lost interest . 
  ( in an ideal world , if scotland became independent they could take northern ireland with them . ), 
  personally i do n't think disliking ukip is understandable . 
  [ there is no reason why europeans should dislike ukip . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1smhrd/the_official_european_elections_2014_website_in/cdz1umg ), 
  by not showing up , they are representing my position . 
  i do n't think if them showing up would actually make much difference to decisions that get made though . 
  it is impossible to prove this without knowing the facts of who downvotes what .
