  what are your sources ? 
  and why is gdp per capita really the correct measure to use here , rather than ppp per capita , which makes more sense if you want to talk about wealth ? 
  and surely gdp is not the only figure worth looking at , what about employment figures ? 
  the gbp depreciated against the eur during the financial crisis - and is currently appreciating . 
  having the gpb has meant that the uk has been able to adopt a totally different monetary policy from the eurozone , quantitative easing , is your view that quantitative easing has not helped the uk , and the eurozone has been helped by the lack of it ? 
   it 'll probably float around 13 % . 
  just like the danish peoples party did . 
  only so many people can believe reactionary dribble . 
  given that in the eu elections the danish people 's party managed to increase the share of its vote from 15 % to 26 % , i expect that 13 % probably is not the ceiling in danish national elections . 
  based on opinion polling i expect them to get around 20 % in the next danish parliamentary elections . 
  where do they want to go ? 
   it would greatly damage the uk economy . 
  we already got told this when we did n't join the euro . 
  turns out that the uk economy has been mostly fine since then while instead the large parts of the eurozone have been a disaster . 
  we 'll be fine with a free-trade agreement with reu or some other sensible arrangement ... 
  the eur just depreciated today against the usd/gbp on the back of [ the ecb confirming that inflation has now fallen from 0.4 annual to 0.3 annual and unemployment has stayed `` stable '' ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_public/2-30092014-ap/en/2-30092014-ap-en.pdf ) ... 
  i guess good for eurozone exports ? 
  i still would be surprised if any looser monetary policy begins for a while . 
  after all , the policy details of the abs purchase programme have not even been announced yet , so it is too early to call that policy a failure ... 
  the london abs market ca n't wait until 2 october to see what the policy contains ... 
   fuck off , guardian journalism . 
  what 's wrong with this article ? 
  in my mind it is accurate as to its arguments and presentation . 
   it definatly can be concluded from this example that in the 2 or so years between the end of the referendum and whatever agreement the uk & eu get in to , the uk 's economy will be in for some rough times . 
  the eu has free trade with every country in europe other than belarussia . 
  given that the uk is reu 's largest export market , i do n't think reu is really going to want to damage trade relations with the uk . 
  we 've already seen how politically and economically difficult it has been for to the eu to put in place meaningful barriers to trade with russia , and this is a country that has annexed crimea . 
  a large majority of european countries will not want there to be trade barriers with the uk . 
   that man might just let the whole population swap go through if it would depend on him because he 's either ignorant of the numbers or just doesnt care . 
  given that he has specifically stated that anyone who has come to the uk legally will be able to stay , i do n't think you need to be worried . 
  in the uk with the scottish vote everything was done in accordance with the constitution ( well - we do n't really have a constitution ... ) and there were n't really legal obstacles . 
  it is hard to understand why it is so difficult in spain ... 
   firstly , i think you 're misinterpreting the kinds of emails which this would restrict . 
  this is n't saying that no emails will be able to be sent after a certain time of day , like stocks on the stock exchange . 
  it would only limit employer/employee emails , and even that it would likely only include work related email . 
  it would be massively inconvenient for me not to be able to send work related e-mails to co-workers in the evening . 
  my job could n't really be done without e-mails at unsociable hours . 
  i also see this law as pointless - e-mails in the evening are not the stressful part of this job !, 
   and secondly , i would contest that there are that many career options available . 
  there are tonnes of jobs that do n't use e-mail and where there is no requirement to be checking e-mails in the evening . 
  any job which is n't time critical allows this . 
  just work in a cake-shop or something . 
   i really doubt that the individual has much choice in which career they go into at this point . 
  i do n't understand this mentality . 
  you study law , right ? 
  unemployment is very low in the uk and with english law you can work all over the world . 
  in london there are shortages of workers in many many professions and especially the legal profession . 
  now is an incredibly good time to be looking for work : you have loads of options !, 
   i do n't think an economy where people are n't allowed to lay back for a while each day , start a family and all the rest of it , i do n't think that is an economy which works for its people and this is where i start advocating for laws like the on in the original post which make the job market work for those who want jobs . 
  e-mails in the evening allow people to have a life outside work . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of people with normal family lives who check work e-mails in the evening . 
  this is the real world ... 
  however , there are many many jobs which do n't require this too . 
  when you make career choices you just need to work out which one suits you best . 
   but does the finance career necessarily have to be so stressful ? 
  do all of those emails necessarily need to be checked before you clock in the next morning ? 
  i check the e-mails , but can normally tell within a couple of seconds if it something that needs dealing with or is something that can wait . 
  i do n't really find this stressful - in fact having a blackberry makes it less stressful as it means i know what is going on without being in the office . 
   i mean , sure , you might want the freedom to work yourself to the bone , but i think people 's freedom to work a job which does n't consume their entire lives is also important . 
  i 'd say if you do n't want a stressful job , do n't work in finance , which always has some stressful parts to it . 
  the e-mails at unsociable hours are really not the stressful part though !, 
   additionally , the proposed law ( so far as i know ) does n't say you ca n't work ( from time to time ) at an unsociable hour in order to make a conference call with sydney . 
  no , but honestly if the law allows me to be on a conference call with sydney at a time that is unsociable , then it would be massively inconvenient if i could n't send e-mails about that call to colleagues at that time ...  time zones do complicate this matter significantly , but we should n't say that `` that just would n't work in this industry '' [ whatever that industry is ] and then let the idea moth ball . 
  the way in which various professions function need not necessarily be the way they function forever . 
  they can be changed , especially with help from the law . 
  for professions like finance , really any law preventing late night e-mails will plain not work unfortunately . 
  there 's a lot of truth in this headline - we brits have known this about the french for a long long time and could basically have told you this any time over the last 1,000 years ... 
   i 've recently changed from one company to another and climbed up a step or two in the process . 
  i 'm trying very hard not to email team employees after 6pm and on the weekend - and when i do , i let them know in the header that it 's not urgent . 
  it 's their time and i 'd rather save their 6th gear for when we need it - instead of keeping people in constant stress . 
  sounds like you 're an example of the free market already finding a solution to this `` problem '' . 
  i work in international finance and am frequently working with people in different timezones and so forth . 
  any attempt to limit work e-mails to the working day is kinda doomed to failure when my client might be in australia ... 
  it 's not unsual for me to deal with people based in hong kong , singapore , new york etc so obviously e-mails come though at any time . 
  it plain would not be possible to do my job if i could n't e-mail sometimes at unsociable hours - obviously i do n't expect juniors to respond unless something is urgent . 
  i guess if you do n't want e-mails at crazy times , a career in finance is not for you ... 
  [ here is what douglas alexander saying that labour does not support a drive to ever closer union . 
  ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2014/05/douglas-alexanders-speech-european-elections-full-text ) [ here is david cameron saying that he wants to challenge `` ever closer union '' ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/jan/23/david-cameron-uk-exemption-eu ) . 
  [ interestingly , even danny alexander of the liberal democrats now seems to saying that `` ever closer union '' is no longer relevant . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/10178764/political-union-a-thing-of-the-past-admits-kenneth-clarke.html ) i 'm sure i do n't need to find a source for you on what ukip think about ever closer union !, 
  suffice is to say that eu federalism is real minority position in the uk . 
   depends who wins the next general election , im for being part of the eu so id prefer to stay thanks . 
  do you support `` ever closer union '' ? 
  i 'm just pointing out that this position is a minority position in the uk , with the labour party , the conservative party and ukip all being against `` ever closer union '' . 
   last time this happened corporate support meant the stay in vote out spent the eurosceptic vote by 10:1 . 
  the spending of both campaigns will be limited by the electoral commission requirements i expect . 
   that wo n't happen . 
  nearly all of ukips support is from people who actually have had the chance to vote on this last time . 
  there is overwhelming support for the eu among the population under 40 . 
  even if there was a sympathetic shift to ukip the demographic discontinuity is so absurd that it wo n't matter . 
  as someone who is under 40 , i think you are wildly optimistic on your assessment of the under 40s . 
  i also think that the ukip demographic is in a state of flux and we have not yet seen peak-kip . 
  you also need to remember that there are huge pockets of euscepticism within the conservative party , the labour party , the trade union movement . 
  also , looking generally at changes in voting behaviour across europe , i think you are underestimating the ability of a population to embrace change . 
  for example , in france we are seeing the young in particular vote for the front national . 
  we are also seeing the catalans express massive support for independence , with all the uncertainty that would bring . 
  just two weeks ago 45 per cent of scots voted for independence , with a late surge in the last few weeks of the campaign and they did n't even know what currency arrangement they would have as an independent state !, 
  in the swedish elections the party that really gained votes were the swedish democrats and the party with momentum in germany is afd , getting into regional parliaments for the first time . 
  across europe we are seeing changes in voting habits and i expect we will start seeing more of this not less . 
  provided the `` out '' campaign manages to have some a clear plan ( and does n't make any crazy promises ) i now think that there is every chance that the uk could vote out of the eu .
