  perhaps they once were , years ago . 
  recently , not so much . 
   i wish the government would release the data they use to justify this so we can make an informed decision . 
  what exactly has this data retention managed to prevent ? 
  obviously , the government can not just release all data it has , can it as that would create some security issues . 
  the police claim that they foil terrorist attacks as big as 7/7 every year and have also claimed that phone records and data assist them . 
  obviously , we ca n't know for sure whether or not this is true : however , we have no reason for believing it not to be true . 
   and starting an even smaller one is even less likely to succeed . 
  tell that to ukip . 
  they started a few years ago as a single issue party and just won a national election . 
  why ca n't you do the same ? 
   when i say something has got to give , i mean that the system of a democratic dictatorship - one where the ruling party take all governmental positions , must be restructured into something more representative of the electorate . 
  this argument has some merits , but personally i would not want your system . 
  the legislature is already ( theoretically ) representative of the electorate , why should the excutive also be representative ? 
  should n't there be people with a constitutional function of scrutinising the executive ? 
  i do n't think that ukip have said anything about this yet . 
  vote for a smaller party then ? 
  or start a political party ? 
  when you say `` something has to give '' , i hope you do n't mean that `` democracy is n't working for me so violence is the answer '' . 
  that sounds very teenager . 
   who do we vote for ?!, 
  the big 3 are all for this !, 
  vote for a smaller party or start a new party . 
  keep calm and believe in the democratic process . 
  or accept that your views are minority views and move on . 
   rioting in the streets does n't work since the government essentially quelled the last riots and ignored them . 
  wtf ? 
  the government are right to quel riots - in particular the last riots which were almost entirely mindless violence . 
  in riots , innocent people get hurt . 
  in a democracy , the correct way to bring about change is via the ballot box , not via violence . 
  want to change this legislation ? 
  get involved in politics . 
   so which is it ? 
  do you want to `` keep the country safe '' with `` emergency legislation '' or to prevent companies from destroying information when fearing legal challenges ? 
  these two things are connected , in the eyes of the uk government and uk opposition . 
  preventing the companies from destroying information is the method to keep the country safe . 
   on a final note , why do brits fear the eu because it has `` too much power , '' but not david cameron and his attacks at your civil liberties ? 
  this is n't just david cameron 's position . 
  it is also the position of the labour party and the liberal democrat party - thus an unusual political consensus in the uk . 
   that 's the problem i guess . 
  she will go into consultancy , selling precious classified info she got while being a commissioner to industry . 
  ca n't this commissioner now get a regular job and not be corrupt ? 
  we 've talked about this before , but personally i am astonished by the argument that the risk of corruption is a significant consideration when it comes to deciding the pay and benefits of public officials at the eu level . 
  this just is n't part of the argument in the uk and the idea that we might need to pay former commissioners huge sums just to stop them being corrupt fills me with anger . 
  however much we might dislike cameron , surely he was right in the last eu budget negotiations [ to specifically campaign against the monumental amounts of money that many eu officials get paid ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/9699264/eu-summit-budget-talks-collapse-as-david-cameron-says-non-to-brussels.html ) ? 
  why do so few other countries seem care about this ? 
  the fact that the uk finds it extraordinariy difficult to get allies and win arguments even in something like this , at a time that there have been huge cuts in the pay of public officials across the eu at national level , makes me think that the uk can never really win any substantial arguments going forwards . 
   next commission should know very well how people feel about this , and act accordingly . 
  how do people feel about this ? 
  i am angry and you are angry and ten other people on r/europe are angry . 
  but is there any real palpable public outcry , in the way that there was a few years ago at the mps expenses scandal in westminster ? 
  and if there is no widespread public anger , why not ? 
  most people are so removed from brussels - it feels so remote from their lives - that they just do n't seem to care . 
  i ca n't see any political figures campaigning strongly against this thing and hardly any newspapers are really talking about it . 
  [ the only people that do seem to care are ukip , who made a poster about it ] ( http://www.eureferendum.com/blogview.aspx?blogno=84896 ) and perhaps a few others , at the very margins of politics . 
   issuing corporate bonds is ineffective business ? 
  not being able to pay them back when they fall due is very ineffective business . 
   once the political test is instituted there is no need for the hardship that you 're proposing , spain will want something that catalonia will look at and say `` that 's unachievable '' while the eu as a whole will want scotland and any future bi-lateral seccessions to be easily absorbed , that obviously means a test which a bilateral seccession would pass while a unilateral would fail , after that has been established , there is literally no process for catalonia to follow that does n't require the rubber stamp of spain , that 's what spain wants , to be in control , not to convince catalonia that bad things could happen if they went independent but to convince them that there is not a functional possibility of it actually being achieved succesfully in the first place . 
  i 'm not convinced that spain wo n't want a political test in addition to a legal test . 
  it is hard to predict , but i think we in scotland and england , where the independence discussions have been relatively easy and friendly , often underestimate the feelings in spain , where they are on an entirely different planet . 
  thus , i think that there is a chance that spain will not only want to ensure that there are legal difficulties for catalonia , but also that there is no precedent for an easy entry ( which the catalans will end up looking to ) . 
   so what you are proposing is that the eu would say something along the lines of `` scotland , you fail to meet the euro acceptance criteria , but while we do n't know if you are a stable economy we are going to bring you into it anyway '' does that sound like something that would be beneficial for anyone involved ? 
  i 'm not proposing anything , because none of us have any idea what scotland 's currency plans are . 
  however , it might be that scotland is not able to peg a currency to the pound ( as might be its preference ) but required to peg its currency to the euro , with a view to scotland joining the euro sooner rather than later . 
  i 'm not sure how quickly salmond will accept that ? 
  presumably very quickly . 
  maybe it is . 
  i 've agreed with you a few times ( russia , deflation risks etc ) . 
   which is why they 'll want to include a test in the admission process that scotland would pass but catalonia ( or any other unilateral secession ) would fail the risk for iscotland is here that spain will want not just a legal test , but also a political precedent that things will be tricky even if the legal test is met . 
  it is hard to predict this in advance . 
   the euro is n't a problem , we will be treated like every other member state that does n't have an opt out and avoid it through the conditions rather than through a formal opt out until such a time that we decide to join , that is n't special treatment , it 's what a fair few countries do at the moment . 
  the difference is that scotland is the only country that will be joining the eu and changing its currency arrangements ( from the pound with the bank of england as central bank ) at the same time . 
  thus , the other countries have been able to fudge things for somewhat longer . 
  iscotland will not be able to do this , because presumably it will be discussing eu membership with the rest of the eu at the same time it is setting up a new currency arrangement . 
  if that new arrangement is not specifically aimed at joining the euro as soon as possible , questions will be asked . 
  the fact that the spanish foreign minister specifically said that there was little chance of indepence and eu membership co-inciding and that scotland would have to join the waiting line does indicate to me that there are potential political problems for a speedy joining of the eu by scotland . 
  in my mind this is far more significant than what barroso said . 
   rathpotatoer mispotatoleading tipotatotle what ? 
  i 'm generally agreeing with you . 
  i do n't see unsurmountable legal problems ( and i expect this is largely why better together are not focusing on it ) . 
  however , i do see potential political problems . 
  i really do n't think spain will want to veto scotland 's membership , but they will strongly not want it to be so ridiculously easy that the catalans get ideas . 
  there is also a potential risk that some eastern european countries might not want scotland to be given preferential treatment . 
  i also think that the questions over currency and schengen might be harder to resolve than we imagine . 
   also as for who , i 've copy pasted this list from newsnetscotland so you 'll probably not take it too seriously but it 's from a couple days after the comments . 
  i do take this source seriously . 
  however , it does seem to be mainly comments from scots rather than others in the eu . 
   especially since the spanish foreign minister himself had commented on the fact that his government would n't be looking to block scottish membership because independence would be achieved in line with the uk 's laws unfortunately for you , the link that you provided related to the spanish foreign minister casts significant doubt on your argument , that admission can be finalised before formal indepdence :  mr garc\u00eda-margallo did give warning that madrid considers the scottish nationalists to be unrealistic in claiming that eu membership could be maintained seamlessly in the event of independence . 
  an independent scotland would have to `` join the waiting line and ask for admission '' -- with little chance of negotiations on the terms of membership being concluded before edinburgh 's proposed independence day of march 24 , 2016 , he said . 
  `` they have to resolve a mountain of problems , as better together [ the scottish anti-independence campaign group ] has explained very well , '' he said . 
  `` you have to achieve candidate status . 
  you have to negotiate 35 chapters . 
  it has to be ratified by the institutions of the eu . 
  it then has to be ratified by 28 national parliaments . '', 
   iscotland ( as you put it ) `` iscotland '' is now established internet denotation of an independent scotland ... :-)  what are the possibilities of a scottish pound pegged to the sterling ( like the old irish pound ) until they meet the requirements to join the euro ? 
  this is a potential outcome and does n't require any formal co-operation between london and edinb . 
  however , given that iscotland will be required to join the euro , it is possible ( and perhaps more sensible ) for iscotland to peg their new pound to euro rather than gbp . 
  it might be that brussels insists that scotland peg their new currency to the euro . 
  i do n't think ruk will much mind ( or have much scope to disagree anyway ) . 
  i 'm not sure what the scots will think about this though .
