   scottish accession might be the quickest in the history of accessions but the big concern is the economic one . 
  you ca n't assess an independent economy until it exists , therefore that assessment wo n't happen until scotland is fully independent . 
  personally i do n't think that this will be a significant barrier . 
  i expect that considerations of the scottish economy can take place between the scottish vote and scotland becoming independent . 
  the scottish economy is not a total basket-case . 
   i 'm curious about the currency issue , the eu is not in favor of letting new members have an opt-out of the euro but i 'm wondering if the ruk will defend scotland in this regard because i believe the uk could get an opt-out of the schengen for scotland if scotland wanted one . 
  ruk will definitely want iscotland to have an opt-out from schengen . 
  iscotland cares less about schengen conceptually , but will want to keep within ruk 's and ireland 's common travel area . 
  ruk have said that they wo n't go into a formal currency union with iscotland and i think they probably wo n't change this position in the event of a `` yes '' vote . 
  i think ruk will probably not try and get iscotland an opt-out of the euro : however , there is not much ruk can do here as this will require unanimity . 
  it is going to be somewhat difficult , at the time that iscotland is making a new currency arrangement , for that currency arrangement not to be one that envisages swiftly adopting the euro . 
   he was also famously derided right across the political spectrum for it . 
  was he derided for it across the eu ? 
  i thought the derision came from scotland ( and partly also ruk ) ? 
   the vast majority of people who have spent much longer than you or i studying the issue . 
  for example ? 
  who exactly ? 
  if scotland votes `` yes '' this september , then there will be an effective precedent that will have significant and immediate implications for the catalonia scenario . 
  if scotland votes `` no '' , then i assume that the eu will continue to ( largely ) ignore this issue . 
   the vast majority seem to be behind the idea of admission being negotiated before formal independence , that 's what i 'm waiting for an eu official to comment on . 
  the vast majority of whom ? 
  barosso was famously pessimistic about scotland 's prospects of joining the eu quickly . 
  personally i think that in the event of a `` yes '' vote , there should be no real ( legal ) impediments to scotland , the ruk and the rest of the eu member states reaching an agreement on scoland 's eu membership to coincide with scotland 's independence . 
  however , it is possible that there are some political impediments to that . 
  i think the terms of membership might cause difficulties ( schengen , opt-outs , currency arrangements ) but i expect that ultimately compromises might be possible . 
  i ca n't think of another reason why austria are n't part of this trial ... :-), 
  this has not been much reported by most of the media yet . 
  perhaps it is just a question of liquidity rather than solvency and this delay can be worked out between the bank and bondholders without needing any governmental intervention . 
  not into relevance ? 
   does anyone know what he said those consequences would be . 
  these do n't seem to have been reported anywhere . 
  my expectation is that his view is aligned with the rest of the eu political consensus on this : that scotland will not automatically become an eu member state , but will have to reapply ( with everything that comes with it ) . 
   no , my position is that contributions are based on member 's gdp , and expenses are based on policy . 
  keeping equity between the different member states is also a policy . 
   assuming the policy does fulfill its intended goal , there 's no reason to complain just because one eu area has less farmers than others , since nothing is stopping uk citizens to take up farming to enjoy the subsidies . 
  the uk has the same population as france , but half the land-mass . 
  there is not space in the uk for the same number of farms as their is in france . 
  this landmass is a factor stopping brits get the same subsidies . 
   in the uk , a tax break intending to support to financial institutions would disproportionally benefit london city at the expense of everyone else too . 
  are you against those as well ? 
  i am against tax-breaks designed specifically to support financial institutions . 
  i believe that financial institutions should not be promoted at the expense of other kinds of business . 
  i 'm not sure if i quite agree with your analogy anyway . 
  the job market for financial institutions in london is extremely flexible , with employees not just from all over britain , but from all over the world . 
  in this respect it represents a free market , with the costs of entry into that market being rather low . 
  the job market for agriculture in france is much less of a free market , with far fewer entries from the rest of the world . 
   if you refuse to work through common funds and prefer to work on a case-by-case basis , you effectively are . 
  the uk is contributing to the common fund , but not taking from it . 
  this means that there is more in the common fund . 
  the uk is n't stopping other countries from taking from it or requiring special approval from them . 
   this entitlement should at least be limited to the minimum wage of the member state they represent if it is to remain . 
  i do n't understand why she needs any entitlement at all . 
  ca n't she just get a job like normal people would when they lose their jobs ? 
  there are plenty of jobs going in london right now . 
  if she is n't able to get a job , then she should apply for unemployment benefit i guess . 
   the problem is that you want every single aspect of that cooperation to be advantageous . 
  obviously that 's impossible . 
  no , this is not my position . 
  i want the co-operation , as a whole , to be advantageous . 
  obviously some aspects might be disadvantageous . 
   so `` it feels good '' is the argument ? 
  and you do n't think that the scapegoating by your own political class has been pivotal in shaping those feelings ? 
  no , the argument is not `` feels good '' . 
  the argument is that a democracy works best in circumstances in which their is a shared political consciousness among a particular demographic . 
  these take time to create and we are not there with britain and the eu . 
   and you do n't think that the scapegoating by your own political class has been pivotal in shaping those feelings ? 
  actually , the political class in the uk is much more proeu than the british people and this has been the case for generations . 
  for example , in the eu david cameron is seen as eusceptic . 
  in the uk he is seen as very euphile . 
  ouch . 
  this kind of thing strikes me as exactly where austerity is needed . 
   cooperation requires compromising on your interests , not clamoring for exceptions if a joint project does n't seem entirely advantageous for you . 
  co-operation only makes sense if the co-operation is to the ( net ) advantage of both parties . 
  in the case of the uk and the eu , the disadvantages outweigh the advantages . 
  if it were a case of their being some disadvantages , but these outweighing the advantages , i would be for eu membership . 
  differently , there are plenty of other international projects in which it makes sense for the uk to participate , which have some disadvantages , but which are outweighed by the advantages . 
  edit :  that never stopped them from holding elections in britain . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  the difference is that in national elections in britain , brits who do n't get their party in government feel a sufficient sense of political connection with the rest of the country so that they accept the government of choice of the majority . 
  brits do not feel this political connection with the rest of europe . 
  that 's the difference . 
   their gross contribution should depend on economy size . 
  after that it 's just a matter of which policies are necessary at the eu level - the eu is a policy instrument after all . 
  otherwise it would be pointless , because we would just be shuffling money around and everyone would get back what they give more or less . 
  you see , if you think that 's what the eu is ( pointless shuffling around of money ) , it 's because the uk wants it to be that way . 
  so do n't complain about what you wrought yourself . 
  i think you have misunderstood my argument . 
  i have not argued that each country should get out what it gets in . 
  obviously , it makes sense for the wealthy countries ( like the uk and france ) to put in more than they get out . 
  thus , i am specially not arguing for pointless shuffling round of money . 
  however , your position is that the uk should put in the same amount as france , but get much less back . 
  given the similar sizes of their economies , this strikes me as an odd position . 
  as a matter of policy , this it should not be the case that countries of similar levels of wealth and similar sized economies benefit in vastly different ways . 
   it 's quite obvious that requiring special approval for every disaster relief rather than streamlining it as an administrative matter of fact will reduce disaster relief . 
  is the uk requiring special approval for every disaster relief ? 
  i do n't think they are . 
   i think our positions are very different : you wish to maintain a national identity by isolating yourself from the rest of the continent . 
  i think you have misunderstood my position . 
  i do n't think that the uk should isolate itself from europe . 
  i think the uk should pull out of the eu , that is not the same as being isolated from europe .
