  it would be a shame if ireland was bullied by brussels to put one up . 
   opting out of us-eu sanctions , or better yet vetoing them , will cost uk a lot more in its relationship with the us , than it will cost the eu . 
  the uk is not going to be part of us sanctions or eu sanctions . 
  it will however have its own sanctions regime that is aligned to the sanctions regimes of the rest of the west , just like norway , japan , australia , new zealand and canada do . 
   indeed , no one in belgium would bat an eye if the flemish or walloon flag is seen in the audience or even on screen . 
  i reckon the same applies for the uk . 
  noone in wales , scotland or england would bat an eye of any of the welsh , scottish or english flags were there . 
  northern ireland is a bit more complex because they have loads of different flags which trigger people from northern ireland , but do n't trigger anyone from wales , scotland or england ... 
   the argument was n't about a country specifically , mr. magna carta , but about the region as a whole . 
  the question is ultimately about whether the uk should stay in the eu though . 
  if other countries need to be in the eu to stay democratic , then that is a reason for them to be in the eu , but not a reason for the uk to be in the eu . 
  hopefully they can leave us behind on the way forward too , just like they did with the euro and schengen . 
   did n't the democratic uk go to war with the democratic argentine ? 
  no , the democratic uk went to war with an undemocratic argentina . 
  i fail to see why this has anything whatsoever to do with the uk 's upcoming referendum though . 
   is that why may wants to leave the echr ? 
  she also wants to stay in the eu . 
  i personally want the opposite , to leave the eu and stay in the echr . 
  however , in a mature democracy we should be able to debate these things . 
   like it or not democracy and rule of law do help prevent wars and the eu pushes for greater democracy , rule of law , corruption prevention , etc. 
  not for the uk though . 
  the uk is able to have democracy and the rule of law outside the eu . 
  the uk 's democracy is undermined within the eu . 
  the uk should also make sure not to give germany any special treatment after brexit too . 
   our politicians are , though if brexit happen , i could certainly see a referendum here this is why it is so important for us brits to vote leave . 
  the rest of eu is watching and waiting . 
   and giving further concessions undermines the solidarity between eu countries not really . 
  it is simply a recognition of different peoples wanting different things and respecting national democracy . 
  this . 
  let 's trust the people . 
  no , i tend to find that the word `` nationalism '' is not really used in relation to snp , unless it is qualified by `` civic '' , which totally changes the meaning . 
  `` nationalist '' is used , but this is simply to put it in the context of the snp , rather than used in a negative way . 
   ah , used in that way , of course , there is no nationalism in the leave campaign ( except maybe for some ` kippers , but they 're not representative ) . 
  generally the word `` nationalism '' is used in this way in the uk . 
  ( this is why you will have encountered brits being defensive about being called nationalists . ), 
  i am sure the word is used in different ways elsewhere . 
  `` an extreme form of patriotism marked by a feeling of superiority over other countries . '', 
  this is the way that the word is usually used in the uk . 
  wanting the uk to leave the eu is not marked by a feeling of superiority . 
   but one of the purposes of the eu is to foster a sense of european identity , to supersede that of the nation state trying to create a european identity is of course just as pointless as trying to create an identity among the peoples of countries beginning with m ( montenego , mexico , mozambique ... )  every sovereign political entity has this notion in some form or another , and the federalist forces inside the eu are no different , except that they choose different things to `` hold the group together '' . 
  yes , that is why i am saying it is ultimately not helpful to use this definition of nationalism . 
  almost everyone in the globe thinks that political power should lie somewhere . 
  this idea is not nationalism . 
   and there is no question that wanting the uk to have sovereignty is a nationalist idea - you want the uk to govern itself because you feel that is best for your nation wanting what is best for a country is not nationalism . 
  presumably you also want what is best for the uk , you just believe that what is best for the uk is to stay in the eu . 
  does this make you a nationalist ? 
   let 's say you knew for a fact that another nation could govern the uk better than it could itself . 
  would you accept it wholeheartedly , without pause ? 
  no , of course not . 
  i want democracy . 
   there is a strange opposition in the uk to admitting nationalism ( maybe to avoid being proud of the empire ? ) . 
  no , it is just being precise about terms . 
   there 's no way to escape it , people will always need to identify with a group and support it subjectively , before others . 
  but wanting the uk to leave the eu is not supporting it before others . 
  others can govern themselves in the way that they think best . 
   if so , you do realise that limiting the scope of sovereignty at the level of the nation means you put the interests and views of british citizens before those of others . 
  your own argument would lead you to conclude that the eu is nationalistic ( because the eu puts the interests and views of eu citizens before those of others ) . 
  however , this is fundamentally not a good definition of nationalism . 
   their own nationalism is fine , wanting to leave the eu is n't nationalism . 
  yes , i agree . 
  if there is a brexit , and she can claim direct involvement in the campaign , then she gets a big boost in terms of domestic french politics ( the people she is really addressing ) . 
  i strongly do not want her to come to the uk . 
  if she actually wants a brexit , she should shut the f up and keep quiet for the next couple of months . 
  she will not be good for the brexit campaign . 
  do i have any tags ? 
  you 'll follow us out too . 
  i want brexit and then for the uk to increase immigration ( but to be careful about welcoming people from far-right countries ) . 
  i 'd call it more a rise to extremists/populists than a rise to the right . 
  the growth in syriza in greece and podemos in spain is part of a similar trend for example . 
  arguably even the election of corbyn in the uk labour party and sanders doing well in the us is part of the same broad trend . 
  i thought there position was germany should leave the euro . 
  that would at least make more sense ... 
  the more and more extremists that get elected to eu countries , the less and less attractive eu membership becomes for the uk . 
  no , once the uk leaves the eu the eu will have a smaller economy than usa . 
  ouch . 
  student politics in the uk jumps the shark . 
  this is awful . 
   the germans are revolting over ecb policy ftfy the germans are revolting ~ ~ over ecb policy ~ ~ ;-), 
   i hope you can spot the difference . 
  and a lot are well qualified so they do n't risk much if uk leaves ( they 'll dump all french traders ? 
  not gon na happen ) . 
  of course we wo n't dump them . 
  we will welcome even more of them . 
  and of course , you will not dump our retirees . 
  you will welcome even more of them . 
   so these new immigrants will have very strong ties with their native india and the feeling of being an european will develop harder . 
  do you know any second/third generation indians in the uk ? 
  or even first generation indians ? 
  they are incredibly well integrated into british life . 
  they feel very british . 
  no , they do n't feel very european , but not do a lot of brits . 
   this is somewhat similar with the eu . 
  the eu has always been wip and it will always be . 
  however you at least know basic things about the relationship . 
  though the uk 's relationship with the eu , even if we vote remain , is going to have a question mark still . 
  we are not in its most important project , monetary union . 
   sidenote : what would you personally think about follow-up questions in the referendum ? 
  i think it would be very interesting to know the answer to these questions . 
  however , i think the electoral commission in the uk would not allow it and would not consider it fair . 
  they only ever allow referendums with two choices .
