   will only lead to farmers going broke due to them unable to compete with foreign farmers . 
  i do n't think that the government should protect farmers anymore than the government should protect lawyers . 
  ( i am a lawyer . ), 
   doing things like that will ruin local economies with only farms that have hundreds of acres of farmland able to stay alive . 
  the uk became an industrialised nation more than 200 years ago and since then we have not produced enough food . 
   are you by any chance daniel hannan ? 
  i always think of the man when i read your posts . 
  pragmatic brexiteers . 
  lol , no ;-) however , i have met him and i do agree with some of his views . 
  in terms of wanting zero tariffs on trade both with the eu and the rest of the world , this strikes me as a blindingly obvious position for both leavers and remainers !, 
  to clarify , i do agree with anti-trust regulation ( which i consider part of a belief in free markets ) . 
   but what if those consumers you 're claiming to protect no longer have jobs because everything has been outsourced to god knows where ? 
  those consumers will still have jobs provided that the uk adopts free market and free trade principles . 
   nobody ever said that , but nice strawman anyways the strawman came from the poster who wrote `` mmmm yummy growth hormones '' in response to my post arguing for free trade . 
  we should keep these at zero of course . 
  i am in favour of free trade . 
   you realise that tariffs are a substantial part of government income right ? 
  tariffs are a cost rather than a benefit to governments . 
  if you thought that tariffs were simply a cost-free way of giving revenue to governments , you would argue that governments should all be increasing tariffs as high as possible . 
  surely this is not your position ? 
  tariffs distort markets and make consumers poorer . 
  without tariffs , consumers have extra money to spend on other things , which improves economic activity which itself leads to greater tax revenue for governments . 
   or you decrease spending by budget cuts in multiple areas such as defence , healthcare and environmental policy 's . 
  one thing that we can reduce spending on is the common agricultural policy . 
   you cant just lower or abolish taxes on foreign products without harming your domestic industry . 
  if the uk can not compete in a particular sector , e.g. 
  agriculture , it is not the job of the uk government to impose tariffs on overseas sectors to try and make the british industry compete . 
  this just harms consumers . 
  the reality is that the uk does not have a comparative advantage in agriculture . 
   but according to the uk , the refugees are the result of the eu . 
  to clarify , this is not my view . 
   and you can ask yourself if the uk will have a say about the amount of refugees and have access to the open market . 
  i do n't fully understand this question , but the decision over how many refugees the uk takes is one for the uk 's parliament to make . 
  the decision over how many refuges the eu takes , is one for the eu to make . 
  however , i do think it makes sense to link the question of free trade to this . 
   from zero , apparently as part of being in the eu , we have very high tariffs 12.8 % on things like beef imports from the rest of the world . 
  i would like to reduce those tariffs to zero . 
   an example : if a country allows slavery , their products might be cheaper . 
  but this is n't in the best interest of the people in both countries . 
  so you have to have some ground rules . 
  to clarify , i think that when it comes to those countries that have slaves , the normal principles of free trade should not apply in the same way . 
   but you simply ca n't be part of the open market , and do n't help the eu with ( perhaps self-inflicted ) burdens . 
  you have to take the good with the bad . 
  in this case you will be happy to know that the uk has helped with refugees and has given huge amounts of money to the unhcr and in fact the uk is one of few countries in the world that gives 0.7 % of gdp in overseas aid . 
   enjoy eating a sunday roast knowing it 's 1.5 x as expensive as it was pre-brexit . 
  sunday roast will be cheaper post-brexit because we will be able to reduce tariffs . 
  no , free markets increase wages . 
   why leave the eu if you want free trade with the eu ? 
  i want free trade with the rest of the world . 
  i also want the uk to have control over its own regulatory systems . 
   then how much should be regulated by the government if it were you to decide ? 
  in relation to things like food , the government has a responsibility to look at scientific evidence to prohibit things which we know cause harm to consumers . 
  we do n't have evidence that beef from brazil causes harm to consumers . 
  therefore the uk should remove all tariffs on brazilian beef . 
   can the uk produce enough meat to satisfy the demand though ? 
  and trying to produce it is pointless . 
  instead we should reduce tariffs on meat from around the world to reduce food prices in the uk , helping consumers . 
   perhaps you think that growth hormones will help you physically . 
  i think this is entirely irrelevant to the discussion about the uk reducing tariffs on brazilian beef once we leave the eu . 
  as a consumer i will want to be able to buy beef without having to pay tariffs . 
  i believe in free markets and free trade . 
   i understand , but the eu will want to do the same . 
  and that would become a huge problem for the uk . 
  the uk should adopt free trading positions regardless of what the eu does . 
  the uk adopting free trade is good for the uk whatever the eu does . 
  free markets lower prices , helping consumers . 
  as a liberal i am in favour of letting consumers decide if they want to eat meat beef from brazil or not . 
  perhaps you think the government should decide this . 
  which will be a fantastic outcome for those of us who believe in free markets , free trade , liberalism and globalisation and putting the consumer first . 
  ok - this is the first disadvantage of brexit . 
  they have taken us off the maps !, 
  your use of `` tolerate '' suggests that you are being open-minded here and understanding that people who have had different life experiences have different views and thus you are not judging them by the same standards you would other people . 
  good for you . 
   i would contend that an open mind is a virtue regardless of age . 
  part of having an open mind is being open to the idea that people from different generations who grew up in different times and different climes and had different experiences from us inevitably have some different attitudes and views from us . 
   i do n't see anything wrong with this . 
  i actually support it . 
  we 're going through a tricky time and need to support british products at home . 
  i do see a problem with it . 
  british consumers should be able to buy food at global prices rather than at inflated prices . 
   corn laws '' britain is back , what is essential 30-40 years after undoing of the nationalizations . 
  it is n't back . 
  the uk is going to be repealing high agricultural tariffs once we leave the eu . 
  the `` repeal of the corn laws '' britain is back . 
   oh my god , is the queen dead ? 
  when ( if ? ), 
  the queen dies , this will not be the protocol . 
  the protocol will be much more dramatic !, 
   then why is there demand for the single market access resp . 
  a preferential sector based fta that should mimic member acecss . 
  free trade benefits everyone . 
  do you believe in free trade ? 
  i can not see this backfiring on may . 
  she will get the largest share of the vote of any british pm for the last 50 years . 
   there was a reason not to trust the polls ? 
  people often quote brexit and trump as a proof of polls being unreliable we know for certain that there has been recent problems with polls in the uk , because the british polling council confirmed it after the 2015 general election . 
  based on the polling for the brexit referendum , several experienced poll-watchers have speculated that there are still some problems with polls in the uk ( e.g. 
  polls published on the same day with wildly different results , polls published on the day of the referendum being outside the margin of error etc ) . 
  this is why i think we should be careful when looking at polls in the uk . 
  though of course that does not mean that we should ignore them : just recognise their problems .
