   we do as nations have a profound connection that comes from our histories and our sense that no other countries in the world are really our equal apart from each other . 
  we have been at peace for 200 years and we have an entente , but we also have those happy memories of more or less 800 years of war before that peace . 
  i 'm pleased that the english fans sang ( badly ! ), 
  la marseillaise last night , but i think we can can continue our fun tradition of frog-bashing today !, 
   it 's a sad state of affairs for europe that there does n't seem to exist one nation which is tolerant and accepting of non-white people . 
  there is not one nation which has integrated immigrants well in europe . 
  uk has not done too badly ( other than with pakistanis and bangladeshis ) . 
   me too . 
  and your country is n't crumbling because you 're not in schengen , is it ? 
  of course not . 
  i travel from london to paris regularly and do n't mind having my passport checked by the authorities of both countries . 
  there are no political parties in the uk advocating that we join schengen . 
  there is a political consensus that to do so would be very harmful . 
  there are multiple people desperate to reach the uk ( look at calais ) who do not have the right to be here . 
  being outside schengen is our only way of stopping this . 
   having known terrorists on the prowl that can move freely from country to country ? 
  and most likely have ak 47s ? 
  this would bother me massively too . 
  if they had just committed a terrorist act in my country , i would want the security services of my country to be able to catch them without them leaving my country . 
  if they had just committed a terrorist act in another country , i would want the border controls of my country to be able to stop them entering . 
  hopefully france v england goes ahead without problems ... 
   i wouldnt say that it is systematic in the eu either . 
  up until the financial crisis , we were constantly at a very healthy rate . 
  it is somewhat natural to the nature of a currency union with struggling and partly even contracting economies to have a low inflation . 
  at what stage does the financial crisis become systemic though ? 
  it has been upon us for years and years now . 
  perhaps crisis is now the new normal ? 
   i would locate the issue at the ineffectiveness of qe . 
  its impact on the real world inflation is pretty minor while it is propping up the banking sector and the internal inflation of the financial sector quite a lot . 
  this is interesting because conventional economic wisdom in the uk and the us was that qe was helpful . 
  ( i 'm interested to read different views though . ), 
  if qe is not the answer for the ez , what is the answer ? 
   but hey , it 's not germany that has a corrupt and non-competitive economy , that would be greece for example . 
  that said do n't forget about the economic problems of countries like italy , spain and portugal . 
  the moral of this story is that if you are in a country which has a very different kind of economy from another country , do n't enter into a currency union with them , especially one that does n't have a fiscal transfer mechanism . 
  this is the fault of germany just as much as greece . 
   but blaming germany for the current economic struggles of the ez , what a joke . 
  lending money when you ca n't pay it back . 
  that 's the problem we 're talking about . 
  just to clarify , i 'm not really blaming germany specifically . 
  the architects of the eurozone project and the politicians that decided to create it came from many different countries . 
   great argument , from the laws of logic , i can clearly see this leads to the conclusion that : ` germany should be blamed for low inflation in the ez , not italy . ', 
  i was being facetious , hence my use of the smiley face . 
   however , i think it is true that the ecb is massively worried about low inflation in the ez , whereas the boe and the fed are relaxed about low inflation in the uk and the us . 
  do you think current low inflation is a problem in the uk and the us ? 
  ( there has been low inflation in the uk and the us for a shorter amount of time and there are n't the unemployment or low economic growth problems in the uk and the us . 
  also , the ecb has just begun a programme of quantitative easing to address the problem of low inflation , the uk and the us are meanwhile winding down their quantitative easing programmes , which were n't of themselves specifically designed to deal with low inflation anyway . ), 
   partly . 
  it however should be clear that even the countries that have an independent central bank without these boundaries are struggling with ( a lack of ) inflation , the uk and the us are sitting at -0.1 and 0.0 currently . 
  yes , this is true . 
  it seems that most economists are n't worried about current low inflation in the uk and the us , because they do n't believe it is systemic . 
  we will see whether or not they are correct . 
   its like blaming the italians for having low inflation in the ez since mario draghi is italian . 
  actually , germany should be blamed for low inflation in the ez , not italy . 
  it was german inflation-phobia , threat of court action over outright monetary purchases and design of the eurozone that was always going to lead to this kind of outcome ... , 
  freedom of movement is not the same as open borders . 
  freedom of movement is the right to live and work in another eu member state . 
  there are more brits living and working outside the eu than in other eu member states , so it seems that practically the right is not needed . 
  no , there are significantly more reuropeans in the uk than vice versa . 
  i do n't think most brits mind not having freedom of movement in reu . 
  a majority of brits living in reu are retired people or people in spain . 
  is spain going to expel them ? 
  it should be up to spain to decide whether it wants so many elderly brits there . 
  i do n't have a problem with spanish democracy . 
  those wonderful maastricht rebels , 
  this guy is clearly out of control and shows why the labour party are the regressive party in british politics . 
  the discussion is about whether or not ukip are far right . 
  if being anti-eu is not relevant to this discussion , do n't introduce it . 
  wanting out of the eu does not make you far right . 
  i do n't think ukip really are radical tories . 
  thanks for the good coverage . 
  and to the french , we are thinking of you . 
  non-eurozone is best zone . 
  even aster brexit , the uk and ireland will maintain very close ties . 
  actually , because the tax is extra-territorial and has an incredibly wide scope , the uk will be impacted by this tax if we stay in the eu . 
  countries outside the eu will be less impacted because they do n't have the same information sharing-requirements . 
  worryingly , there is nothing whatsoever in cameron 's renegotiation package that protects the uk from this kind of craziness from the eu . 
  we urgently need to leave . 
  edit - fixed some wrong words ... 
  you said that such an important decision should n't be happening under a party that got 1/3 of the countries support . 
  that is irrelevant as more than half of the country want a referendum . 
  the uk is situated perfectly for same-day settlement with the entire globe . 
  we will likely find out in december . 
  it is actually going to be fascinating , as this tax has been incredibly politicized . 
  the uk government may have to sue the participating member states . 
   abolished roaming the uk government could legislate on this . 
  however , i disagree with this legislation as essentially it transfers costs from people who travel to people that do n't travel . 
  people who travel tend to be richer than those who do n't . 
  it is thus regressive . 
   anti- trust the uk designed the eu 's anti-trust laws and likes them . 
  the uk would copy and paste them into uk domestic law . 
  the risk for the uk is not that the uk wo n't have anti-trust laws , it is that the protectionist forces in the eu would undermine the eu 's laws here , which would be a shame . 
  this is a constant battle though anyway , even with the uk in the eu . 
   protection of local products i do n't agree with protectionism . 
  leaving the eu for me represents an opportunity to change protectionist laws , like the cap . 
  the decision over whether british taxpayers should support failing british industry is of course a politicial question and i am glad that this question will be returned to british politicians , who will have to answer to the british electorate for their decisions . 
   expand human rights which particular things are you talking about ? 
  the echr is separate from the eu and includes bastions of human rights such as russia . 
   i do n't know specifics , but at least in my country politicians blame eu for policies they themselves proposed in the eu , or touts their parties ' humanitarian side when they 're just executing european orders . 
  this sounds very unfortunate to me .
