why would you vote for conservative if you want the uk to leave the eu ? 
  many many conservatives do want the uk to leave the eu , including conservative mps . 
  some conservatives think that voting conservative is likely to maximise the chance of a brexit . 
  i think that argument has some merit . 
   so why constantly say that you ca n't wait for the uk to leave the eu , quote farage on here and then act like ukip just won your vote ? 
  ukip have not just won my vote , it is likely that conservatives just lost my vote ( but we will see how things develop ) . 
  i do n't quote farage on here . 
   you say everyday that the uk should leave the eu . 
  yes - there are people who think this who vote for other parties too . 
   and then what ? 
  then you 're stuck out of the eu with a bunch of lunatics in charge . 
  ukip are n't going to be in charge . 
  as with most of the rest of the last 300 years of british history , the tories are going to be in charge , with some episodes of liberals or the labour party . 
  voting ukip does not mean i want ukip in charge . 
  it is just a way of putting pressure on the conservatives and labour - to make them change their positions . 
   better not waste your vote on some opportunists , no matter how charismatic farage might be . 
  a vote for ukip , is a vote for the tabloids . 
  a vote for ukip maximises chance of brexit ( in my opinion ) . 
  i think it becomes somewhat complex here , because sometimes in order to respect someone , it is necessary to treat that person differently . 
  after all , different cultures have different expectations about how they should be treated . 
   unless you think that the majority of the world 's population sees no difference between a foreigner and a person from their own country ? 
  seeing a difference is not the same as xenophobia . 
  there are of course differences between both individuals within countries and also between cultures . 
   unless the guy 's claim was that he was n't an economist . 
  the guy 's claim was that eusceptics do n't know how economics works . 
  he 's a eusceptic and an economist . 
  it is relevant . 
   no , i am not saying that i think there should be limits on immigration . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  you must understand , though , that your position represents a tiny minority of opinion across the world as a whole and your position therefore seems to be that almost everyone in the world is xenophobic . 
  they want to limit immigration out of charity for poor romania . 
  right . 
  there is currently real concern in romania about the fact that so many doctors have left . 
  is this something that you think people should be concerned about ? 
  brain drain is a real thing . 
   i think the uk , the eu , and trucidator will be doing exactly what they were going to do all along . 
  had the conservatives done something serious on this , i would have voted for them . 
  ( i did used to be a conservative voter ... ), 
   i think that closed borders throughout most of the world is an unfortunate reality of current world politics - the emphasis being on `` unfortunate '' . 
  essentially , you 're saying that you think that there should be some limits on immigration currently and your reason is not a xenophobic one . 
  given this , i think it is somewhat odd that you think that others who thing that should be limits on immigration must be xenophobic . 
   i think the current situation is the product of centuries of tribal-thinking that eventually resulted in the formulation of the nation state : i.e. 
  an entity that , in placing greater value on its members than on outsiders , is by definition xenophobic . 
  the nation state is not be definition xenophobic . 
  it does n't place greater value on its members than outsiders . 
   it is sad that people would oppose this huge step forward . 
  people 's motivations for opposing the eu are varied . 
  they might include , for example , that it does not represent greater governance or democracy . 
   as far as i know there have n't been any studies measuring xenophobia in the uk per se . 
  however , there has been plenty of documentation measuring the rise in negative feeling against immigrants under the label of other euphemisms , such as `` concern about immigration '' . 
  see for example i find your argument circular , as follows : - you are arguing that people who want there to be limits on immigration are xenophobic . 
  - my argument is that they might have another reason for wanting limits on immigration which is not xenophobic ( and you yourself have just shown that this is possible ) . 
  - therefore you can not argue that an increase in concern about immigration means that there is increased xenophobia . 
   '' , the `` reasons '' you give for limits to immigration do not apply to intra-eu immigration at least , which , as recent reports have explained , actually add to the uk 's finances these are n't my reasons ( i personally am very pro-immigration ) they are just reasons that others might give that are not xenophobic . 
  even if these reasons are wrong , they still do n't demonstrate xenophobia . 
  they just demonstrate that someone is wrong or misinformed . 
  also , the adding to the uk finances ( which i do n't dispute ) is not conclusive . 
  not everyone in the uk is impacted in the same way by an addition to the uk 's finances . 
  and it also does not address the impact on the countries from which the immigrants come . 
   edit : to be clear , good on you brits . 
  happy for you . 
  i 'm just jealous . 
  i think this is not a good result for the uk . 
  i think it is a bad result . 
  this means i will now probably vote ukip rather than conservative . 
   ah , see , this is where we disagree . 
  cause i think not wanting to associate with foreign people by limiting their existing rights to access your neck of the woods `` due to a fear of losing identity , suspicion of its activities , aggression , and desire to eliminate its presence to secure a presumed purity '' is pretty much the definition of xenophobia . 
  just to clarify : do you think there should be open borders all over the whole world ? 
  no limits on immigration anywhere at all ? 
  wanting there to be limits on immigration from the eu can have a variety of reasons though , many of which can be nothing to do with xenophobia . 
  reasons could be : ( i ) impact on salaries , ( ii ) impact on infrastructure , ( iii ) impact on countries from which the immigrants have come , ( iv ) impact on housing shortages etc. 
   also , the article you linked to was on racism , not xenophobia . 
  do you have any source for the uk being xenophobic ? 
  ( this was , after all , initially your assertion . ), 
   or perhaps it is the appeal to authority . 
  the appeal to authority was relevant though . 
  u/john _ wilkes was responding to a poster who indicated that eusceptics do n't have a clue how international economics works . 
  being an economist is relevant to that . 
  if someone made an argument that lawyers think a particular thing . 
  if i were a lawyer and thought a different thing , it would be relevant to mention that i was a lawyer . 
   maybe not . 
  but xenophobia is a political extreme . 
  wanting to leave the eu because of xenophobia is therefore a politically extreme position . 
  i agree , wanting to leave the eu directly because of xenophobia might be politically extreme . 
  [ however , study after study indicates that most british people are not xenophobic ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2013/05/15/a-fascinating-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-racially-tolerant-countries/ ) . 
  wanting the uk to have limits on immigration from the eu is not , of itself , xenophobic ( just as it is not xenophobic for french , spaniards and italians to want there to be limits on immigration into their countries from africa or asia or america ) . 
   there have always been eurosceptics . 
  but the current rise is their numbers is attributable entirely to the rise in xenophobia . 
  really ? 
  which rise are you talking about ? 
  [ if you look at polling on the eu question in the uk , i do n't know how you can conclude that there has even been a recent rise , let alone how that rise is due to xenophobia . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_referendum_on_united_kingdom_membership_of_the_european_union ) ) . 
  in fact , the polling indicates that there has been a rise in euscepticism directly after the news came out about the sur-charge , which is obviously not related to xenophobia . 
  people are n't downvoting you because you are boasting . 
  people are downvoting you because you are eusceptic . 
   towards political extremes wanting the uk to leave the eu is not a political extreme . 
   so to sum up : if the uk does n't pay , as the budget is already tight ( mostly because of the uk ) , the eu will risk running a deficit and will thus be forced to shut down some of its programs ( e.g. 
  the eu council agreed to cut the eu budget , at a time that eu member states are cutting their own national budgets . 
  the uk was one of a group of countries ( including notably the netherlands , sweden and denmark ) that wnated the eu budget to be cut . 
  when the eu council agreed to cut the eu budget , they already decided what programmes should be cut and agreed contributions based on that budget . 
  the recent set of adjustments are not currently needed by the eu .
