  they have now had to upgrade their forecasts . 
   what fallout ? 
  the start of brexit was delayed all the way from june last year till the beginning of this month & these type of actions are accelerating . 
  the predictions prior to the referendum were that we would immediately get a recession , as a result of the vote . 
  instead various bodies like imf , oecd etc have had to revise up their expectations about the uk economy because it has performed much better than they thought . 
  in short , the experts have admitted they were wrong . 
   you ca n't say the you 've benefited from something that has n't happened yet ... 
  however , we all know that we are leaving . 
  people are already operating under the assumption that we will leave within the next couple of years . 
   brexit fallout which will tank their numbers in the future . 
  the brexit fallout is positive . 
  uk economy is doing great since we decided to leave the eu . 
   well , i tell you it 's a non-zero chance and it 's been priced in the market . 
  the markets went up because the uk will now have a stronger government with a more certain position . 
  the conservative manifesto will be published in the next couple of weeks . 
  it will commit to the uk leaving the common external tariff and common commercial policy . 
  so , you do n't have a link ? 
   you ca n't always get what you want . 
  what the politicians want and what the market forces will allow them to do , are different things . 
  market forces compel the uk government to leave the customs union . 
  i will get what i want here . 
  i am not opposed to scotland having a further referendum . 
  however , this should only happen if scottish people really want another referendum . 
  we will find out in the coming years if the scottish people do really want one . 
  my expectation is that the voting in the next round of elections facing the scottish people will show that they do n't . 
  the uk government should listen to them . 
   i mean , they did say they wanted to hold it once the brexit negotiations had ended and the terms were clear , but do n't let facts get in the way . 
  but for that to happen , the uk government needs to agree to it now and the uk parliament needs to pass legislation for it now . 
  so the question is relevant now . 
   some days you 'll see news that scots want another independence referendum , another day you hear that they do n't want one . 
  what is up with that ... 
  the scottish government wants a referendum . 
  however , the scottish people do not want one . 
   i think it 's pointless repeatedly asking this question until the brexit terms are clear . 
  then people may feel very different . 
  it is relevant now because the scottish government wants the uk government to agree to another referendum now . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , it is pretty obvious that the eu wants the uk not to have an independent trade policy . 
  hard to see why the uk would want this ... 
  this is exactly why nato is so important and we need to do what we can to keep it working effectively . 
  if you have a link , i will happily read it . 
  however , from my connections within the tory party , i think there is no chance whatsoever that the uk stays in the customs union . 
  the tories are extremely popular in the uk and will gain votes and seats in the general election in six weeks . 
  the tories are now united in wanting to leave the customs union . 
  no , the uk government is committed to leaving the customs union as soon as possible . 
   not really . 
  1.5 million people in germany also rely on food banks . 
  why is it that only in england and the us being poor seems to be a disgrace ? 
  it is hard to answer this question , but broadly there is some distrust of anglo-saxon capitalism and political traditions among some people . 
  hard to know why . 
  how do you know that people marching down the street with flags and drums switched from tories to labour ? 
  or is your use of `` they '' referring to something else ? 
   why is ukip even around anymore , anyway ? 
  did n't they get what they wanted ? 
  independence ? 
  they are gradually shutting down shop . 
  uk voters no longer really see the point of ukip . 
  they already had a referendum . 
   the people switching from labour to tories in scotland are most definitely nationalists no , they are simply tactical voters who want to ensure that the snp are defeated . 
  calling people nationalists is just a slur to try and discredit them . 
   is n't unionism , british nationalism ? 
  the word `` nationalism '' simply is n't a helpful word to describe wanting the uk to continue to be a country . 
   the tories are also drumming up the nationalist tree . 
  the tories are committed to the union , the snp want to end the union . 
  the snp are the nationalists rather than the tories . 
   it 's a beginning of this particular electoral period in the drastically changed political and cultural landscape . 
  new arguments , new goals , new everything . 
  the fundamental questions are the same ones . 
  the main difference is that the economic case for independence got worse . 
  it is entirely unsurprising that most scottish people do not want a referendum . 
  the uk government is right to listen to them . 
   with 40 % supporting independence right now , at the very beginning ? 
  this is not the very beginning . 
  they just had a referendum a couple of years ago . 
  this is one of the few european countries i have never been to . 
  hopefully i will get a chance to put that right soon !, 
   and i see my ideal europe as an alliance of free nations , that are actually willing to cooperate this is also what i want . 
  she is kind of right place right face right time to be honest . 
  the fdp are not the equivalent of the libdems . 
  i do n't vote for the libdems and do n't like them . 
  i do like the fdp . 
  i am not typical of redditor demographics, 
  ok - this is going to be one crazy election that we have in the uk ... 
  yeah , but now i am more stressed . 
   may is actually aiding the other parties by forcing them , sooner rather than later , along a path that presumably will result in them all improving in some way , shape or form . 
  agreed . 
  if this does not save the labour party in the long run , it does not deserve to be saved and something else will have to replace it . 
   the only reason you guys in the uk do n't recognize how dangerous a behavior this is , is the fact that you were lucky enough to never live under an autocratic regime before . 
  yeah , i agree that we are lucky . 
  however , we have a robust constitutional system and democratic tradition . 
  we literally less than a year ago had the people defeat the government on an issue of national importance and force the government to change its mind . 
  i think we will be ok , 
  okay i am now officially stressed about the fdp not making it ... :(, 
  i think the view in the uk has been that there will be some progress on the talks from june , but definitely none before that . 
  this is one of the reasons for the election happening now . 
  we read this in school . 
  we also read his `` les justes '' . 
  very interesting books . 
  very sensible steps by ireland , denmark and the netherlands !, 
  uk and romania seem to be doing lots of nato/military stuff together lately ,
