  out of those , a small part want to go to the uk . 
  a part of them manage to get to the coast . 
  a part of that manages to get to the uk . 
  the rest is seen in calais . 
  yes , and obviously the fact that the uk is an island gives it an oppotunity to control the borders . 
  if the uk were in schengen , the uk would not be able to stop illegal immigrants entering the uk ( like france ca n't ) which would be a big mistake . 
   somehow i highly doubt it . 
  the uk benefits too much from being in the eu . 
  not really . 
  europe is the only part of the world where there no economic growth . 
  the uk needs to refocus on the growing parts of the world , not the dying parts . 
   obviously . 
  that 's what i said , the uk forces others to pay for the problem they create . 
  the uk did not create this problem . 
  france created this problem when it decided not to control its borders . 
  however , if france stops controlling the problem , obviously the uk would . 
  we will wait and see what france does . 
  judging by the last ten years , france will be happy to keep a camp of immigrants in calais . 
   the only reason it would be france 's problem is because of the channel . 
  otherwise they 'd be in the uk already . 
  and thank god , once again after the last 1,000 years , that we have the channel between us . 
   personally i would tell the uk that either they take part into the migrant control , or we provide those migrants with small boats and let them do as they want . 
  that would be cheaper for us . 
  if france were to give the migrants small boats , obviously the uk would respond . 
  the reason why france has not done this , is because it is n't in france 's interests . 
   in the eu , the uk is always hiding on their island , blaming everyone and demanding shit . 
  it 's no different here . 
  the uk will be leaving the eu soon , that way you can create your european federation without us . 
  the camp have been there for long , not each migrant . 
  the fact that the camp has been there for a long time is a problem , even if each migrant has n't . 
   it 's simple , if it 's france 's problem , then france can just decide to let them run free instead of putting them in a camp . 
  and who would have a problem with that ? 
  the uk . 
  therefore it seems that they 're more of a problem for the uk than for france . 
  france did n't put them in a camp . 
  they put themselves in a camp in calais . 
  if you think this is n't a problem for france , presumably you are happy with the current situation ? 
  obviously , the minute france stopped controlling the border , the uk would take control the border . 
   either they are refugees , in which case they should be able to claim asylum either in the first safe country they reach ( which is n't france ) , in that case , why do n't you send them back to the first safe country that they reached ? 
  oh yes , because you have no idea which one it is . 
  and ca n't control the situation . 
   or the one they want ( which is n't france ) . 
  no , refugees have no right to just seek refuge in the country they want . 
  refugees need safety . 
   or they are illegal , in which case we should make them leave ; since they want to leave , let them go . 
  however , they want to go to the uk and the uk does not want them , therefore they stay in calais . 
   either the uk agrees to see immigration as a european problem like all the other member states , and work with us to handle the problem continent-wise . 
  it is n't a european problem . 
  the uk is able to control its borders , because the uk is not in schengen . 
  it is a problem for the schengen countries . 
   it 's funny how the uk changed tone about it when the mayor of calais said they would stop containing all those migrants if they do n't get help . 
  so at least they do recognize that this problem is for them as well . 
  yes , given that france is no longer able or willing to pay to control its own problem , the uk has to pay to help france control a french problem . 
  ( no change there . ), 
  and yet despite all this technological change , unemployment continues to fall in the uk and the usa . 
   these migrants are a problem between the uk , and their country of origin . 
  they 're living in camps in calais and have been there for a decade . 
  in my mind that is a problem for france . 
  either they are refugees , in which case france should work that out and give them asylum , or they are illegal immigrants , in which case france should work that out and deport them . 
   the opt-out of the schengen was negotiated by the uk but the reu would prefer if both of us were in the schengen . 
  with the uk gone the reu would reapply pressure for ireland to integrate more and we would n't resist ( what with being a pro-eu nation ) . 
  i think this is all up for debate . 
  i do n't think the irish would necessarily join schengen - would that not require treaty change and thus an irish referendum ? 
  if roi wants to join schengen , why not do it already ? 
   not really . 
  the uk spends 2,4 % . 
  the requirement to join nato is 2 % . 
  denmark spends 1.4 % . 
  the extra that the uk spends makes up for the shortfall in denmark 's contribution . 
  you 're welcome . 
  [ some of my favourite myths about the eu are on the european commission 's website ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/why/index_en.htm ) . 
  just in case you have forgotten about them , it is worth reading about all the benefits that the european commission says that the euro will bring : all those extra jobs and extra growth that we 're meant to be seeing in the eurozone . 
   also , what are countries going to do as jobs vanish and automation becomes the norm rather than the exception ? 
  the same thing that they did during the industrial revolution when jobs vanished and automation became the norm . 
  new jobs appear . 
   what you would welcome is irrelevant , the people do n't want to become part of roi and want to remain british , so it 's not going to happen . 
  i 'm obviously talking about a circumstance in which a majority of the people of ni wanted to join the roi . 
  i 'm not saying that i think that they should join roi against their own wishes . 
   i agree but i do n't think it will be choice of one or the other but more the irish will want both cta and schengen . 
  which is fine for us but could become a bit of a mess for the north . 
  ireland can not have both schengen and cta , because the uk will not join schengen and wants control of borders . 
  that 's why ireland is not currently in schengen at the moment , because the uk will not join it . 
  i do n't see how this dynamic would change after a brexit . 
  you 'll still have to choose either schengen or the cta . 
  if currently you prefer schengen , why not join it now ? 
   basing this on comments i was reading on r/scotland responding to this article . 
  barroso 's comment on scotland not being automatic members of the eu if they separated and how they would need a central bank to apply . 
  automatic eu membership for iscotland seemed to be fairly off the table , that could cause a no vote in some . 
  the kind of scottish person who votes no to independence because they do n't want the trouble of applying to join the eu and putting in place a central bank , is not , in my mind , the kind of person who would to go though this exact same process after a brexit . 
  after a brexit they would still , if they wanted to join the eu , have to apply for membership and get a central bank . 
   i probably should have said more of a say i 'm not sure how you can get more of a say than having a vote , unless you want to stop other people from having a say . 
   some voted no for more powers/autonomy which they might have envisioned as , maybe not quite a veto , but at least more of a say as to what happens to scotland 's relationship with the eu . 
  this strikes me as a bit of wishful thinking as there was absolutely no indication whatsoever from the uk government prior to the referendum that a `` no '' vote meant that scotland would have different powers in relation to eu membership . 
  in terms of more powers and autonomy , personally i think that scotland ( if it wants ) can go for full on independence . 
  you ca n't get much more autonomous than that . 
  however , i do n't think that scotland should be able to keep the uk in the eu if there is a majority in the uk that want to leave . 
  that strikes me as the tail wagging the dog ... 
  thanks . 
  while polling is always interesting , it is worth being aware that the data for the first poll you linked to is now more than two years old . 
  the second poll is a year old , but note that it relates partly to the question of the scottish independence referendum .
