  personally i think that in the event of greece leaving the euro there will be massive amounts of political will ( from my country at least , i hope ) to bring greece back to prosperity , rather than forcing them out of trying to isolate them . 
   so , the imf now believes the new `` bailout '' proposal to the esm will cost 70bn eur . 
  that 's about 40 % of gdp . 
  this is also a way of getting the imf off the hook and the eurozone on the hook for the greek debt . 
  ( this is correct in my view . 
  the people who should be on the hook for greek debt should be people greece shares a currency with , rather than random others across the globe . ), 
  why on earth would we want to politically and financially isolate greece ? 
  this would be an extremely damaging thing to do . 
  hopefully there are no europeans that want to politically and financially isolate greece . 
   the hope of a middle ground solution where greece leaves the eurozone but stays in the eu are receding fast . 
  if a middle ground solution is to be reached , reform of the eu treaties will need to happen , i disagree with this analysis . 
  first and foremost , you need to acknowledge that there is no legal mechanism to remove greece from the eu against its will , even if it is in breach of other treaty obligations , for example to use the euro . 
  there also is n't sufficient political will to remove greece ( as this would be incredibly damaging to the european project ) and many european politicians have spoken to this effect in recent days . 
  there already are numerous * de facto * loopholes around euro membership , with countries like sweden having a legal obligation to join the euro , but everyone recognising that they wo n't ever do so . 
  i do n't see why we ca n't just acknowledge a fudged solution with greece too , if treaty change ( which might be preferable ) becomes too difficult . 
  [ the much cited ecb working paper by athanassiou ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/pdf/scplps/ecblwp10.pdf ) are simply the views of the author , rather than the views of the ecb and the conclusions he reaches are tentative and focused on the ambigous nature of the treaties themselves when it comes to a euro exit . 
  even this paper does not argue that a euro exit automatically triggers an eu exit . 
  the correct decision by the uk government , in my view . 
  it is really weird that the conservatives refused to make this pledge before the election in fact . 
  it made me worry that they were n't going to stick to it . 
  very poor form . 
   but treaty change would be the best option here ( as it results in the least legal uncertainty ) , thus i prefer walking down that pad . 
  is it necessary ? 
  i think not , but it could create a lot of legal headache in the future at the ecj . 
  greece could stay in the eurozone only in name , while having a currency of its own , probably even pegged to the euro . 
  one other thing about this is that it is also an example of a power moving from brussels to a member state . 
  which is exactly what cameron has been asking for . 
  if the eu agrees to this for greece , then suddenly cameron 's hand is strengthened , even if ( for diplomatic reasons ) he decides not to play his hand immediately . 
  once we acknowledge the concept that powers can go in both directions , then a lot of things follow . 
   whatever it is , the future is going to be interesting . 
  i think we 'll talk about this again some time soon , as the next weeks will be very interesting . 
  history is being made here . 
  many thanks for the interesting conversation and i am sure we will talk again and i totally agree that this is historically very important !!, 
  heidi and peter have this responsibility in switzerland , no ? 
   they very much are : if you present proposals that bring about a lot of uncertainty , people will naturally vote against it . 
  most people are creatures of habit and are afraid of the unknown . 
  you just argued the opposite of this , with your greek example . 
  greeks voted against the status quo , scots voted for it . 
  in neither case was the outcome certain . 
   it wo n't surprise you that my view here is the same : people should not be able to vote on financial matters . 
  the government should be restrained with a strict set of rules and regulations that obligates them to look after the standard of living - as well as maximizing it when possible . 
  the government make the rules in my country . 
  would you prefer that someone else makes the rules ? 
  who ?!, 
  separately , we might want to become more competitive as it might lead us to getting good outcomes . 
  sometimes , what is characterised as a race to the bottom is actually a race to the top . 
   with strict legislation that limits the government to making the right decisions , instead of those that run counter to what is best to the people . 
  not surprisingly , this all belongs more in the sphere of meritocracy than present day democracy which in turn betrays my views on governance . 
  the question of what is best for the people is a political question , not a technical matter . 
  we really should not remove this question from governments and people . 
   ( might be because of the climate ? ), 
  partly climate , partly historical factors and so forth ...  i think it is worth noting that opposition to the eu should mostly be seen in the far or extreme left/right corner , that being the sp ( socialist party ) and the pvv ( wilders his ` party ' , or to be precise , a one man club ) . 
  while hard euscepticism is limited to the extremes of dutch politics ( differently from uk politics ) there are elements of eu-fatigue and soft-euscepticism in moderate dutch politics . 
  dutch people who would be considered extremely moderate are happy to express disatisfcation with the eu openly in social settings . 
   well , not really , but allow me to make the following clear : using the voluntary exit mechanism that the treaties allow does not result in a change of the relationship between the other member states and the eu . 
  greece would 've cut itself free - and thus have repatriated its powers - but only by leaving the eu . 
  the nature of the relationship between the eu and other member states therefore does not change . 
  i understand this point . 
  if greece exits the eu , then the relationship between the other member states does not really change * inter se * . 
  but this is not the only possible outcome , because there is also the possibility that greece exits the euro but stays in the eu and this would change the entire concept of the acquis . 
  this is also what you were considering earlier , when you wrote '' * if david cameron wants to sabotage the current situation and throw the eurozone into further turmoil by denying vital treaty change , the latter is out of the option . 
  better to have greece remain in legal limbo ( i.e. 
  being part of the eurozone , but having a currency of its own ) than meeting such demands . 
  * '' it is clear from your comment that you were considering treaty change to allow greece to stay in the eu but leave the euro . 
  no treaty change is required for greece to exit the eu . 
  of these outcomes , i think that it is far more likely that greece leaves the euro but does not leave the eu . 
  there is no mechanism for greece to be removed from the eu against its will after all . 
   this is probably one of the oldest discussion with regard to democracy . 
  as long as you will not recognize that the people in majority are way too flawed to decide on important matters , it is not worth discussing . 
  maybe it is important to standby churchill his words here : ` the best argument against democracy is a 5 minute conversation with the average voter ' . 
  whether you disagree to it or not - out of principal or emotional reasons - it is very true nevertheless !, 
  we can both quote churchill : `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others '' . 
  anyway , i do n't think either of us are against democracy in principle . 
   over the past few years i looked upon referendums as a standard tool to ` upgrade ' our present day democracies , but nowadays i have become very reluctant about embracing it as an instrument . 
  in practice , referendums shift the decision that is to made to the media , as they will give people vital information regarding what to pick . 
  the media is far less powerful than it used to be and its power will continue to reduce . 
  we can now easily access a range of different sources from different perspectives from different jurisdictions at almost no cost . 
  we can also become the media ourselves and access information directly much more easily . 
   the scottish referendum was a triumph of democracy ? 
  maybe , but to be honest the scottish people probably choose for security and predictability , compared to going down the route of an uncertain future . 
  about triumphs of democracy : the greek referendum of last sunday showed the opposite . 
  these are not arguments against referendums . 
  this just shows that you can not necessarily predict the outcome of them . 
   i think referendums should be restricted to matters of human rights plus some other well defined regions of law - and should certainly not extend to financial obligations for example . 
  in the latter case people will only vote out of pure self-interest , instead of having the best interests of the country at heart . 
  i do n't really think this makes sense . 
  we allow people to vote in general elections on self-interest and these also contain financial obligations . 
  the swiss vote in referendums all the time on financial stuff and that seems to work well for them . 
   the will of the people is no grand oracle : the people is often wrong trucidator . 
  could you please confirm that you acknowledge that as well ? 
  people can be wrong , but so can rulers . 
  both can . 
  but , ultimately , when their views diverge , we should trust the people rather than the ruler . 
  [ we can change rulers , but we can not change people . 
  if you start to say that rulers are more important than people , you start to sound a bit like east germany in the 1950s , who also had that view . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/die_l%c3%b6sung )  we do , yet we are n't crusading for returning powers that have already been given to brussels . 
  indeed : the current government here wants to strengthen the power of member states within the current treaty frame . 
  euscepticism is popular in the netherlands and a growing movement . 
  i think that the netherlands is going to be an incredibly interesting place to watch politically over the next couple of years . 
  the dutch are very angry about the greece situation and many dutch are very anglophile .
