   i absolutely ca n't stand it , but the mentality in britain it is correct for british people to be concerned about illegal immigrants entering the uk . 
  perhaps you do n't care about illegal immigrants entering the uk ? 
   but it is interesting to see the italians , dutch , swedish and whatever just walking right through to the gate they need to get home , often only minutes before the plane 's scheduled take-off , whilst the british stand there in line in the middle of a heatwave , looking for their passports . 
  it makes next to no difference . 
  when you get on an aeroplane , you still have to go through airport security and give your id , whether you are flying from stuttgart to rome or stuttgart to london . 
  it is n't harder to find a passport than to find some other id . 
  [ if we 're going to be purely technical , ukepp are the most pro eu party in the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.4freedomsparty.eu/ ) of political parties that stand in the whole of the uk and have wesminster representation , the libdems are the most pro-eu . 
   are n't snp pro european ? 
  they do n't want to give up any of the uk 's opt outs . 
  she implied that there were different queues based on nationality . 
  i corrected her . 
  there are no queues based on nationality there are just queues based on destination . 
  as mentioned , the uk needs to keep passport checks , so as to be able to keep out illegal immigrants . 
  there are people camping at the uk borders desperate to get to the uk . 
  if were in schengen , it would be far harder to keep them out . 
  fortunately there are no political parties in the uk that want the uk to join schengen . 
   how does it make harder to keep illegal immigrants out ? 
  if they got no schengen visa , you throw them out , no ? 
  and yet france does not seem to be able or willing to do this . 
  if it were easy , france would have done it already . 
   i understand that the lack of passport controls at the border would make it harder to spot illegals though . 
  exactly . 
  if they do n't have a visa or a passport , you can keep them out if you have passport controls . 
  you ca n't if you do n't . 
   britain-and-ireland-only gates that have passport controls ( and massive lines ) on them , while the other gates you can walk right up to them without hassle . 
  these are gates for people going to britain and ireland , whatever the nationality of those people . 
  if a british person goes from stuttgart to paris , she goes through the same gates as an italian going from stuttgart to paris . 
  if an italian goes from stuttgart to birmingham , she goes through the same gates as an irish person . 
   would n't it be better and more efficient if the uk is to join schengen and the efforts to protect the schengen borders , thereby helping not just itself but the entire continent ? 
  no , it would not be more efficient . 
  if the schengen countries are not capable of protecting the schengen borders now , why would they be better able to do it if the uk helped ? 
  there is evidence , in plain view of day , of illegal immigrants or refugees desperate to leave france and come to the uk . 
  there have been camps in calais for a decade and successive french governments have not solved this . 
  if the uk joined schengen , the uk could not keep them out . 
   i see british people queueing on airports waiting for the border check while everyone else just passes and it baffles me that people there find that acceptable . 
  you do n't see this . 
  you are inventing things . 
  this does not occur . 
  british people have the same queues that other people have in every airport . 
  there are never separate queues for british people and schengen people in any airports ever . 
   so you run away from a war torn country to cause trouble in the one where you seek asylum ? 
  yea sure , makes perfect sense . 
  they are not seeking asylum france . 
  it seems that they specifically want to reach the uk . 
   at least when i hear her speak , she sounds extremely pro european . 
  the snp are strongly pro-eu , but they are not in favour of joining the euro , joining schengen or giving up any of the uk 's existing opt-outs . 
   i do however realise that there will be media-induced mass panic were the idea ever floated here . 
  the uk will find it much harder to keep illegal immigrants out of the uk if the uk joins schengen ( in the same way that france can not currently keep out illegal immigrants ) . 
  the uk is an extremely attractive destination for illegal immigrants . 
  wanting to keep out illegal immigrants effectively would not be media-induced mass panic . 
  it is normal . 
   its going to get to the point where the uk will have so many opt-outs that the rest will turn around and say `` why do n't you just opt out of membership and let us get on without having to listen to farage in the ep ? '', 
  the uk already has more opt-outs than every other country combined . 
  the purpose of an opt-out is to protect the british national interest . 
  whether other countries opt in or opt out , or the total number of opt-outs is not relevant to this question . 
  other countries should not resent the british opt-outs , because those countries do n't want opt-outs . 
  for example , the people of all the countries in the euro and schengen love the euro and they love schengen . 
  opt-outs mean both sides can get what they want . 
  the people that love the euro and love schengen can have them , while the people that do n't want them do n't have to have them . 
  everyone is a winner . 
   very eurosceptic , but has views outside of the eu that also appeal to pro-eu voters . 
  hes pro-voting reform , pro-digital democracy , liberal minded when it comes to immigration ( not very anti-immigration like most of ukip ) , very pro-market but anti-corporatist which he sees as stamping over democracy ( thus this article ) . 
  i agree with the majority of his views ( i voted ukip , but think that the uk can sustain a high level of immigration for example ) . 
  i tend to disagree with him on voting reform , but could potentially be persuaded . 
   that 's why the ultra nationalistic parties across europe are emerging now , ukip , le pen etc. 
  ukip are not ultra nationalistic . 
  wanting the uk to leave the eu is a normal mainstream position ( there are many successful countries in the world that are not in the eu ) . 
  wanting to have limits on immigration is also normal and mainstream ( almost every country has limits of some kind - deciding what those limits should be is something that should be discussed and debated ) . 
   the rest of the eu will end up leaving the uk behind eventually , which admittedly , appears to be what people such as yourself , who appear to be in the majority , want . 
  not really . 
  the uk has multiple opt outs but is not left behind . 
  keeping the pound was portrayed by euphiles as being something left the uk behind : instead it was entirely sensible . 
  more opt outs are more sensible . 
   france could let them pass without check . 
  no issue . 
  this would be in breach of an agreement between the uk and france and the uk would retaliate . 
   france could give them small and cheap rowing boats . 
  while this would not be illegal it would cause a gigantic diplomatic incident , which france does not want to risk . 
   france could give them automatic eu citizenship , they 'll be free to travel and settle then . 
  no issue . 
  this would be political dynamite during the uk 's referendum on eu membership . 
   obviously it 's also the uk 's problem , no question about it . 
  it is primarily a french problem , because most of the harm that occurs is to france . 
  is is also france that is best placed to deal with the problem . 
  the question will be phrased as a `` yes '' or `` no '' , but politically it will be `` out '' or `` more opt outs '' ( a bit like the scottish referendum ) . 
  i will vote `` no '' . 
  however , even if `` yes '' wins , that is going to be a win for cameron 's `` reformed eu '' , which will specifically mean that the uk has opted out of ever closer union . 
  there is no option on the ballot paper for `` engaging more with europe '' and there is no chance of there being an eu treasury replacing the economic plans of the uk . 
   yes , i 'd vote for a unified eu . 
  this voting option does not exist in the uk though . 
  there is no political party in the uk that wants this . 
  the most proeu party in the uk just got destroyed in an election . 
  once we get out we will take down the entire project i think ... 
  really ?!, 
  what do you disagree with ? 
   you can achieve that after you pry my rifle from my cold , dead nationalistic hands . 
  same here . 
  the uk just elected a government which has a specifc purpose to avoid a federal europe . 
  the uk is staying out of this nonsense !,
