  really ? 
  of course , they will say what they want to try to keep the uk inside . 
  i also think that the divorce will get very messy . 
  but in the long run a new relationship will arise . 
  look at the way the eu is trying to get trade deals with countries from ukraine to canada !, 
  of course , the reu will want a trade deal with the uk . 
   i have some trouble with this . 
  first of all , although the ` brexit-camp ' seemed to form a majority , the largest poll to date yielded a 50/50 image about what britons want with the eu . 
  none of this polling was on a federal eu though , was it ? 
  and in relation to polling on specific instances of the uk vetoing eu plans , it always shows the uk in favour . 
   also , i would not really trust polls since they tend to be superficial , emotional snapshots . 
  once people actually get out there to vote they often think it over more thoroughly . 
  maybe i was n't clear here : i meant that in the end the eu will probably turn out to be the safer option anyways . 
  governments do n't like to gamble with economic prospects , and everything that gets close to the word ` uneasy ' is a no-go for the average voter . 
  to get back at what i said earlier : as soon as people are actually voting they will think it over again , and almost always does ` security ' win vs ` adventure ' . 
  not to say that a brexit would be unbeneficial per se , but there are a lot of risks involved . 
  i even compare the brexit to the neo-nationalistic movements in europe that want to reintroduce some of the old national currencies . 
  it is the same kind of defense mechanism . 
  did you follow the scotland vote ? 
  if 45 % of scots can vote to leave the uk without even knowing their currency arrangements , i think it is quite possible that brits can vote to leave the eu . 
  there are fewer uncertainties about the uk leaving the eu than there were about scotland leaving the uk . 
   nostalgia really , only in the case of britain there 's the media that really succeeds well in playing the populace . 
  the uk media is divided , as you would expect in a country with a free press and a plural media . 
  there are very proeu parts of the media ( ft , guardian , bbc , economist ) and parts that are very anti ( telegraph , spectator , mail , express ) and other parts that are somewhere in the middle . 
   of course it is not , but if cameron has to conclude that a brexit will be disadventegous for britain he will be forced to crusade against it . 
  hence that i said that he should grow a spine , because at some point he has to confront his voters and take a stance . 
  cameron is obviously leaving himself the opportunity to crusade in either direction . 
  that is the correct tactic . 
  the time to begin the crusade is after the negotiations , not before . 
  if he begins a crusade before the negotiations , his hand is weakened . 
   are you honestly saying that you would put full faith in theresa may to `` do the right thing '' when it comes to the protection of the people i 'm going to trust the uk parliament here . 
   here in europe , it would put you down with belarus and kazakhstan . 
  this obviously is not the case . 
  look at the 100,000 s of people that come to the uk every year from europe to work , including you . 
  refugees are living in camps in calais , france , desperate to get to the uk !, 
  there is obviously a world of difference between the uk and belarus !, 
   getting rid of human rights , that could n't possibly go wrong and open up a door for a police state could it ? 
  and before certain people come in and comment that `` british values mean this would never happen '' ; we thought the same of german values when `` temporary '' emergency regulations were put in place to give more power to the head of state ... look how well that went . 
  it does n't happen overnight . 
  its a slow and gradual erosion until the state has full power . 
  as you know , repealing the human rights act and putting in place a british bill of rights is not '' * getting rid of human rights * '' . 
   it will put you down with belarus and kazakhstan in terms of protections afforded to people . 
  no , it will put us down with countries like australia and canada which are also not signatories to the european convention on human rights . 
   well if we were to do that we would continue to allow all the eu migrants in . 
  if we were outside the eu the correct policy would remain what it is today . 
  the usa , canada , australia and new zealand do not currently allow all eu migrants into their countries , do they ? 
  yet they all manage to attract from overseas immigrants in high numbers needed for their economies to function . 
  the uk will also be in this position . 
  it is possible to get highly able workforce without having an open-door depending on nationality . 
  rather than decide immigrants on the basis of nationality , i think it would make sense to decide immigration on the basis of skills ( like canada , australia , new zealand and usa do ) . 
   then put increased blocks on commonwealth migration which actually does have a non-trivial drain on us . 
  if the uk wanted to rid itself of something we 'd rid ourselves of the commonwealth and all the obligations therein . 
  what extra blocks ( to the current blocks ) on commonwealth immigration are you suggesting ? 
  currently commonwealthers are subject to all the same restrictions as the rest of the world , other than if they have a parent who was born in the uk and a citizen of the uk . 
  that is n't a whole lot of people ... why would this need to change ? 
  and what current commonwealth obligations are you thinking of ? 
   do n't forget the ones working in my dear homeland , and those who go to study , or work in resorts around southern europe . 
  ukip are actively putting their lifestyles at risk . 
  is there anyone from outside the eu that manage to work or study in your dear homeland ? 
  any turks by any chance ? 
  any australians or canadians or south americans ? 
  as you will know from living in britian , there are many many non-eu-people that manage to live and work and study in britain . 
  you must have met some ? 
  i therefore do n't see being in the eu as the deciding factor for where you can or can not live and work ... 
   the mistake is thinking the uk does n't benefit from immigration . 
  it does , massively . 
  i agree , the uk does benefit massively from immigration . 
  however , we can continue to benefit from it massively without being in the eu , just as other nations in the world ( like canada and the usa ) also benefit massively from immigration without being in the eu . 
   either britain takes it all ( and stays member ) or gets out and forfeits all priveledges that result from being part of the eu . 
  obviously , once the uk leaves the eu , the uk and reu will negotiate a new relationship . 
  that new relationship will contain advantages and disadvantages for both sides . 
  personally i think a new relationship would be vastly to the uk 's advantage . 
   it is likely that the british economy will be significantly affected , and one could ask if a brexit would really be worth it in that case . 
  we will see what happens , both in the short-term and the medium term , but i think overall a brexit will have net positive affects on the uk economy . 
  the reu is not going to stop trading with the uk given that the uk is the largest export market for the reu . 
   but a brexit would make negotiating a whole lot easier , as it indeed seems to be cameron that is the ` odd ' one among all the government leaders each and every time . 
  yes , this is because most brits absolutely do not want a federal europe . 
  thus , by saying no ( even if this means being the odd one out ) is the right thing for cameron to do . 
  many other european leaders say `` yes '' to things ( e.g. 
  the fiscal compact ) even though this seems to be what the people of those countries do n't want . 
   in each case , there will only be two options on the table : either the status quo gets maintained , or britain leaves . 
  i wonder which one will prevail we will see what the reu offers to the uk to try and keep the uk in the eu . 
  this is going to be interesting as different member states have different interests here . 
  [ however , what is on the table is unlikely to be the status quo , given that jean-claude juncker has specifically said that one of his priorities is giving an answer to the `` british question '' . ] ( http://juncker.epp.eu/my-priorities ) . 
   although i guess that the eu its bid will be stronger in the end anyways . 
  do you think the eu will be stronger after a brexit ? 
  many eu politicians have said the opposite . 
   that of course sucks for cameron , as that would require him to grow a spine . 
  ultimately it is not really for cameron to decide . 
  it will be for the british people to vote on the matter . 
   what 's worse it 's happening at the same time as putin is cumshotting all over eastern europe . 
  being from there myself i really doubt it 's just a coincidence , as our own `` eu is 4th reich '' guys are clearly financed by kremlin . 
  the eusceptic movement in the uk is for the most part atlanticist , pro-nato and extremely sceptical of putin 's russia . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , i hope the uk will continue to be a hawk when it comes to russia , vigorously trying to defend freedom and democracy in eastern europe by for example joining the eu , the us and the rest of the liberal west in strong sanctions against russia etc and maintaining strong military ties with other european nations . 
   he free movement of persons is provided for by the treaties . 
  if those go down the drain during the ` renegotiation ' my strong preference would be for the renegotiation to fail and for the uk to pull out . 
  i think this is becoming increasingly likely as i do n't think we will be able to reach a solution that is acceptable to both brits and reuropeans . 
  edit - a brexit is also something that eu federalists should really welcome . 
  it will be far easier for the eu to become a full federation without awkward brits saying no to everything . 
  eu federalists and british eusceptics are therefore on the same side .
