  this is problematic . 
  the precursor to the current eu treaties , the treaty of rome , contained no express provision granting eu law supremacy over the laws of member states . 
  nonetheless , this principle was gradually developed by the european court of justice in a series of judgments , notably costa v enel in 1964 , in which the ecj ruled that eu law could not `` ... be overridden by domestic legal provisions however framed ... '' the supremacy of eu law is not some rarefied theory for lawyers and academics , but has real impacts on our lives . 
  it is the reason why the scottish government has had such difficulty putting in place minimum pricing legislation for alcohol . 
  it is the reason why the uk parliament can not reduce vat on women 's sanitary products without agreement from brussels . 
  it is the reason why insurance companies in the uk must not charge male drivers more than female drivers for insurance , despite the former being a greater risk on the roads . 
  the supremacy of eu law not only directly impacts the lives of ordinary people , but it also undermines our own democratic institutions and processes . 
  whatever your views on minimum pricing , vat on sanitary products or how insurers should charge , these are political questions . 
  political questions are best resolved by our own legislatures , in our own parliaments and assemblies , by politicians answerable to us at the ballot box . 
  by taking away power to legislate in these areas from our law-makers , power is also taken away from the electorate . 
   it be a markedly and needlessly reduced member of those bodies , and several of them the uk is a far smaller member in than it currently is in the eu . 
  the uk is a member of these bodies in its own capacity not as a member of the eu . 
   they already do . 
  they will simply find they are now negotiating with a weaker , more isolated body . 
  not really . 
  the uk is the fifth largest economy in the world . 
  however , even very small economies can do well when it comes to trade . 
  nobody thinks that singapore , or new zealand or switzerland are n't flourishing . 
  the uk is bigger than them put together . 
   i do n't think you understand the link you just implied . 
  i do understand it . 
  i am in favour of free trade and no tariffs . 
  currently the eu puts tariffs on agriculture from africa . 
  outside the eu the uk could remove those tariffs , which would make imports cheaper , helping uk consumers . 
   which you are . 
  the eu does not have trade agreements in place ( that are tailored to the specificities of the uk 's economy and polity ) that the uk should have . 
   i 've removed it if that placates you . 
  feel free to do what you like , it is up to you whether or not you want to be accurate . 
   as a supposed lawyer yourself this is quite insulting . 
  it implies that i might not be a lawyer ( and therefore am a liar or delusional ) . 
  this is inappropriate for this sub . 
   you know how delicate taking political stances publicly is , due to the very real chance of having clients on both sides of the argument . 
  this is why i corrected you . 
  it is exactly why people are speaking in a private capacity rather than as a representative of their firms . 
   \u2022 the leadership of every ftse 100 company most ftse companies are formally neutral or have not commented on the impact of brexit one way or the other . 
   if that 's the one thing you have a problem with that really shows the weakness of the out arguments . 
  no , i was simply demonstrating that you are making misleading claims without sourcing them or checking them , which is regrettable . 
   but this is the closest thing i can find your source does not say what you claim it says . 
  these people were speaking as individuals , not on behalf of their firms . 
   as soon you are not within eu regulations , there will be not much interest in financial service from the eu . 
  this is not true . 
  the rest of the eu has no global financial centre . 
  also , eu companies already do a lot of financial service work with switzerland , singapore , us etc. 
   all companies building cars in the uk are foreign , they will move quickly , if you will leave the eu ... etc. 
  no , they have all committed to staying in the uk whatever the outcome . 
   these examples say it all : you want to leave the eu and put your country ( and btw . 
  the rest of europe as well ) in danger , just to have the chance of cheaper insurance ??? 
  no , my country would not be in danger . 
  why do you think the rest of europe would be in danger ? 
  the reason is democracy . 
  this is a good reason . 
   you want to give more money to bankers ? 
  have you been already born in 2008 ? 
  have you seen what these large bonus have caused ? 
  the people that should make the decision about bankers bonuses in the uk is the uk parliament and uk financial authorities . 
  unfortunately the cap on bankers ' bonuses has not made the financial system safer , but instead exposed it to more risks , as the underlying pay that bankers get has not gone down , but the amount subject to claw-back has . 
   \u2022 every single uk international law firm citation needed . 
   their political goals are explicitly tied to achieving a leave vote . 
  do n't be obtuse . 
  this is not a reason to claim that they are wrong . 
   do n't be obtuse . 
  you need to stop being intentionally insulting . 
  this kind of thing is completely unacceptable . 
   the international monetary fund is more likely to be correct on items of long-term macro-economics than a political campaign is . 
  whether something is correct or not is a question of analysis . 
  it is a mistake to believe something just because the imf claim it . 
  as we both know , imf claims have sometimes been completely wrong . 
   ok , a ) nobody is waiting for the uk to give you better trade deals - as you wished for in your last comment - , because the uk is not producing much anybody wants to buy . 
  the uk is a massive importer and also a massive exporter . 
  ( i 'm not sure how much you know about trade , but the uk for example exports huge amounts of financial and professional services , cars , engineering etc etc etc ) . 
   you will not gain any democratic advantages . 
  i hear this argument all the time from the pro brexit people , but i never see any examples . 
  the uk is not in control of many laws . 
  for example , currently insurance companies are required to charge men and women equal premiums whereas risks are different . 
  this puts up prices . 
  or banks are required to cap bankers bonuses and this puts up bankers base salaries . 
  these types of questions should be decided in our own democratic institutions . 
   you will have the option to accept most of eu laws to gain access to the eu market , or complete ruin your economy . 
  no thanks . 
  the uk should accept eu laws ( in so far as it exports to the eu ) in the same way that it accepts us laws ( in so far as it exports to the us ) . 
  but for trade with other parts of the world and domestic trade , the uk should of course control its own laws . 
   will have no influence on any european law giving process . 
  that 's fine . 
  i am happy for eu countries to decide how they want to govern themselves . 
  the uk does not want to tell those countries how they should make their laws , they can do it themselves . 
   you 're repeatedly dodging the question . 
  i answered the exact question you asked . 
   so do n't be obtuse about it . 
  please stop using insulting language . 
   why do you want the uk to leave the eu ? 
  to enhance uk democracy . 
   you already have that we have some control over our own laws , but this is hugely insufficient . 
   considering you will be excluded from a massive free-trade block i am not sure exactly what you mean by this . 
   politically isolated on this matter not really . 
  the uk will be a full part of the global community , active in a range of international institutions , g8 , g20 , wto , nato , un , imf , unsc , oecd etc etc. 
   countries that you already have current trade-deals with will for some reason come cap-in-hand now that you are exposed an isolated . 
  it will be in the interests of many countries in the world to reach trade agreements with the uk . 
   which wo n't help you . 
  actually , reducing tariffs does help the uk . 
  it makes things cheaper for consumers .
