  i think you are over-estimating britain first 's importance . 
  i think their agenda is vile , but the reality is that they just exist on facebook . 
  they have no political presence at all . 
  nobody votes for them . 
  farage has asked for police protection and i hope he gets this . 
  i think farage has frequently denounced groups like the edl , bnp extremely frequently . 
  this is a matter of opinion . 
  in the opinion of norwegians and swiss , it is a better deal . 
  i agree with them . 
  however , i think that the uk does not need to settle for those options but can negotiate something better . 
   why is that ? 
  as a lawyer working in the common law i am incredibly biased !, 
  however , i think that the common law has the following selling points : - the binding nature of precedent cases in the common law means common lawyers can advise their clients with greater certainty about a court 's behaviour than civil lawyers can . 
  finance loves certainty . 
  - statute in common law countries can only be interpreted literally . 
  in civil law countries it can be interprested purposively . 
  this impacts certainty . 
  - the common law of contract allows greater freedom of contract . 
  for example , in the common law contractual partners are seen as adversaries and there is no duty of good faith . 
  i think this reflects reality in a closer way and gives finance more freedom . 
  - in an insolvency situation , the common law tends to give lenders greater and quicker ability to recover debts . 
  this encourages lending . 
  - the common law developed gradually and organically and judges built it specifically with business efficacy in mind . 
  the civil law is more a creation of the legislature , who were less business minded and some civil law jurisdictions have an inherent lack of trust of finance in a way which common law jurisdictions do not . 
  yes , this is also wise . 
  no , the uk is europe 's second largest economy . 
  ;-) the uk overtook france at the end of year . 
   britain first , the bnp , edl these movements are irrelevant . 
  they are tiny in terms of numbers . 
  they have zero consequence at the ballot box and we can happily completely ignore them . 
  they are less than 1 % of the uk electorate . 
  there are far more eusceptics in the trade union movement , or in the labour party or in the conservative party and these are the people we need to consider . 
   you often mention them as sources of places you would like to see more of . 
  no , i never mention this . 
  my preferred immigration policy is to be entirely neutral as to destination of origin , other than ireland ( because of the land border and the northern ireland situation ) . 
  i would not prefer australians over germans over ethiopians . 
  i would consider them all equally . 
   when it stopped trying to be an active member of the eu and started wanting to derail it , or at least itself , rather than work together with our reu counterparts . 
  britain will keep working with the reu , even when it leaves the eu . 
   let 's be fair , frankfurt sucks . 
  i would move to london before moving to frankfurt . 
  i actually had a job interview in frankfurt recently !, 
  the value of the euro at the moment made me a bit worried though , as my liabilities are in pounds ... and i am not sure how quickly i can learn german ... 
   your empire is long gone . 
  once you start whining on about empire , it is kind of a sign that you have lost the argument . 
  this is why when arguing with germans i do not make arguments that resort to german history , it is not only extremely rude , but it is also somewhat ignorant and generally somewhat irrelevant . 
  i think it makes sense for us to end our discussion . 
   english language is n't surprising , but common law is . 
  especially when you consider that civil law is more prevalent . 
  while civil law systems are more prevalent in the world , finance prefers the common law . 
   , you say that london 's position as the financial capital of europe is not threatened by a brexit , yet big finance in london is against brexit , all the economics journals call it a lunacy and upstarts like frankfurt are already preparing to cut out their slice ( preparing as in `` who gets the european banking authority after brexit ? '' ) . 
  big finance is increasingly mixed in its views , but the direction of travel of finance in europe is towards smaller finance , as can be shown by the eu 's efforts to create a capital markets union . 
  small finance is much more open to a brexit . 
   all the economics journals call it a lunacy really ? 
  some of these also said that the uk staying out of the euro was a lunacy . 
   upstarts like frankfurt are already preparing to cut out their slice ( preparing as in `` who gets the european banking authority after brexit ? '' ) . 
  frankfurt definitely does not get the eba as it already has eiopa ...  for instance , you say that london 's position as the financial capital of europe is not threatened by a brexit , yet big finance in london is against brexit , all the economics journals call it a lunacy and upstarts like frankfurt are already preparing to cut out their slice ( preparing as in `` who gets the european banking authority after brexit ? '' ) . 
  this is n't exactly what i have said  and then you tell people that try to point this out to you that `` you obviously do n't understand much about finance '' . 
  just to clarify , i said this to one redditor , / u/shifty2o2 , who firstly stated that the frankfurt was the eu 's financial centre , then stated that frankfurt and london were currently about equal in terms of finance . 
  looking at his posting history , i understand he is an engineer . 
  based on his posts , i think my judgment that he does not understand much about finance is correct . 
   we understand you love london . 
  that does n't make it invincible , though . 
  just to clarify , i really do n't think london is invincible . 
  i think if london plays its cards right , it could move ahead of new york to become the pre-eminent global financial centre . 
  i do n't think staying in the eu or leaving it is conclusive : partly because what will happen will depend partly on whatever new agreement is negotiated between the uk and the reu . 
   you might be pro-immigration yourself , but have you looked at the people you 're sharing a platform with ? 
  personally i think that the moment that the uk is back in control of immigration , brits will become more relaxed about it . 
  i think currently the fact that we are not in control is the problem . 
   you might get your australians , canadians , americans and new zealanders you often talk of , but i do n't see your south koreans , indians or others that you normally mention being so accepted by the majority of the ukip cause . 
  no , my point was not getting these people to come to the uk , but that just as those countries have high levels of inwards immigration , so would the uk . 
   it will lose a lot of trade because it wo n't sign any agreement which could lead to immigration ( due to the ukip majority , rather than yourself ) ,  i personally do n't think the uk has it in it to be anywhere near as successful as it is at the moment without the eu . 
  when did brits become so defeatest ? 
  as the open europe report indicates , this is very unlikely . 
   what exactly in terms of high grossing businesses are there except finances ? 
  internet start ups . 
  tourism . 
  fashion and creative industries . 
  manufacturing and construction ,  lol . 
  i just said shanghai will pull ahead , just like hong kong will . 
  i never said they were equal . 
  stop trying to read stuff between the lines which are n't there . 
  and singapore will also pull ahead of london yeah . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  i 'm sorry , shanghai will not be pulling ahead . 
  which brothers ? 
  i 'm starting to get confused over who is in your family and what relation they are . 
  i understand from latvia and estonia that they are incredibly close relatives of yours , perhaps identical triplets ?!, 
  separately , while finland joined the euro , norway stayed out of the eu and it seems as if iceland is moving further away from the eu , leaving denmark and sweden somewhere in the nordic middle and these countries are definitely somewhat similar to the uk in terms of attitude to the eu . 
  they are also generally against eu budgetary waste and pro open markets and might not enjoy being left in an eu without the euro while the centre of european gravity moves away from the north to the med . 
  a brexit will impact the eu internal balance of power and not in favour of sweden and denmark . 
  think about it . 
  we can make life better together on the outside . 
  we 're also your bothers !, 
   london is entirely based on financials . 
  no backup plan once the uk will ditch the eu . 
  have you been to london ? 
  it has a lot more than just finance . 
   and hong kong / shanghai are the ones who will almost definitely pull ahead of every other city except maybe new york . 
  this to me suggests that you do n't really know about finance .
