   `` bolivia reserves the right to take legal action '' as a lawyer i would love to take on this work !, 
  advising crazy clients can be super interesting . 
   yes true , but i 'm more surprise of uk not playing russia against europe . 
  uk is not a fan of the current russian regime and maintaining nato is key to uk interests . 
  this is similar to what angela merkel proposed . 
  we need solidarity and responsibility . 
  ouch - sorry about that !, 
  yeah , i have no idea why people with us flairs want to post here any more given how rudely they tend to be treated ... 
  yeah - who the hell decided that the tenth month should be called october ... 
  back in the day this sub was kind of cool as there were fewer but more regular posters and it felt more friendly . 
  i also agree that they have done a good job , but we should acknowledge that the next terrorist attack might just be round the corner . 
   but people do fall easier for demagogues , and are tricked by the simple messages of such people , because they lack the time and energy required to navigate the political landscape and see through everyone 's bullshit , to get to the real substance of their intentions and actions . 
  i agree that people can fall for demagogues . 
  but who is to say if it the demagogue who wants convergence in the eu or the demagogue who wants divergence ? 
  neither of these positions is of itself morally superior . 
  when the danish people voted against the maastricht treaty were they falling for a demagogue , or simply being rational ? 
  and was the decision to put in place a currency union without a fiscal union really a rational choice or following a demagogue ? 
   we need to accept that there are many ways to better ourselves , and the true progress of making will be achieved by striving towards this goal . 
  if you think that the only way of progressing is by converging , then i think you are limiting yourself unnecessarily . 
  it also means that you end up calling people who do n't want convergence ( who may have entirely legitimate reasons ) regressive . 
  i also think it is a bit of an unrealistic and ahistorical version of `` progress '' . 
  surely progress can be measured by things like economic and social freedoms ? 
  these things arise best under democracy , rather than convergence just for the sake of convergence . 
   as long as people value so much the clans they were born into , the primacy of their occupation , the importance of their religion or lack thereof and so on , it will be harder to analyze and accept other views , and thus progress . 
  i think if you do n't value your own clan then you end up not valuing clans at all , including the clans of others . 
  the exact reason why i value your clan and am happy for it to be preserved and governed to meet the needs and preferences of your clan is because i value my own . 
  just because i might like the way that the uk is governed this does not mean i have to dislike the way that germany is governed , or dislike germans in any way . 
  i could n't be more happy for them to govern themselves in the way they want to be governed . 
   level of hate being spewed in the name of clans and interests is astounding . 
  i am sure you had this happen to you in all the brexit-related threads you are right , there is some hatred and i have been on the receiving end of it and i am sure engaged in it too . 
  but i do n't think this hatred is really aimed at clans , so much as aimed at people who have a particular vision of governance . 
  in my mind the best way to end hatred is simply to accept that other people might have different ideas of how they want to be governed and to welcome their choices without undue criticism . 
   european people are quite alike when compared to other nations , even if you include the us and australia . 
  as a brit i tend to think i am more like an australian than a spaniard . 
  and i have no desire to federalise with australia at all . 
  while it is obviously true that there are differences within societies , i think it would be a big mistake not to recognise the differences between different european nations and that those differences have consequences when it comes to desires for governance . 
  otherwise , you are reduced simply to saying that every time the people vote for something that is the opposite of integration , that the people got it wrong . 
  i am sure you do n't want to say this . 
   i am probably a bit of a dreamer for most people 's taste , as i actually think that the whole world will unite in a better , more enlightened future i am also a dreamer , but to me a better world is simply one in which liberal democracy extends as far as possible . 
  to me the best form of governance is one in which peoples choose regularly how they want to be governed . 
  trying to get rid of `` the local customs of their birthplace '' causes far more problems than accepting them . 
   yes , people are different in their preferences , but the point is to strive towards convergence rather than away from it . 
  i think this is a bit too ideological for my liking . 
  i think governance should reflect the preferences of people . 
  if the people want convergence , then allow it , but it the people do n't want that , then allow it too . 
  if you try and push for convergence against the wishes of the people , then you will end up with a disaster at a later stage . 
  we already saw the mistakes that pushing too quickly towards euro adoption caused . 
  we should really learn from that mistake rather than repeating it . 
   if you think the american colonies saw eye to yet when they formed the us , i recommend you read `` benjamin franklin : an american life '' by walter isaacson . 
  i think that there are only limited parallels with the usa to be honest . 
  the american colonies did not really have centuries of being different nations and they largely shared a language and uk legal and constitutional traditions . 
  however , now that the uk has resolved to have no further part in the eu , it is really up to you guys how you decide to run your affairs and i am sure that we can very peacefully co-exist . 
  it will be interesting to watch . 
  yeah , though everyone in japan calls august `` hachigatsu '' which means `` 8th month '' . 
  the only circumstance in which it would be appropriate to use `` hazuki '' would be if you were writing a haiku and you were born 12 centuries ago . 
  ( not trying to imply here that you are n't a heian poet ... ), 
   i feel like in japan they often have such names for months no , they call months by numbers , first month , second month etc. 
  as boring as hell . 
   so indeed some countries are indeed more equal than others . 
  in my view it is the countries outside the euro that are more equal than the countries that are inside the euro . 
  that is really the great thing about having more than one tier : each country can think it is in the best tier . 
  variable integration should be really welcomed as it is an acknowledgement that different peoples are different and thus have different preferences which should be respected . 
   the single market requires the regulatory framework of the eu and eu law , rejected by the uk . 
  obviously , the uk should n't be in the eu . 
  but it is good that the eu27 is now rethinking its entire mission . 
  absolutely everyone in the eu knows that brexit means that the eu has to fundamentally rethink what is for . 
  thankfully it is now doing that . 
  but not the concept of actually returning acquis to the member states . 
  that has never happened before . 
  it is now fully up for discussion and that is thanks to brexit . 
  it is wonderful for all of us that the eu is now thinking in more radical terms and prepared to ditch old dogmas . 
  you should be grateful . 
   there is nothing new in juncker 's paper . 
  the concept of returning acquis to the member states is entirely new and welcome . 
  it has never happened before . 
  i actually do want the uk to act and personally think that the uk should confirm that eu citizens who arrived before x date that they stay . 
  however , that does not mean that france should n't do the same . 
  i do n't think the french government thinks that the status quo is an option any more !, 
  german media is correct here . 
  if this was something they wanted to have sorted out now , they could have . 
   i have n't heard anything from the various eu member states ( as this is their competence after all ) that they want to use uk nationals as chips they have not said anything at all one way or the other : they certainly have not confirmed that uk nationals will have the right to stay . 
  we all wanted the eu to ask itself difficult questions rather than ignoring them . 
  there is no point pretending that those questions do not arise . 
   where is my hawaiian pizza ?!? 
  [ boris johnson gave a speech yesterday that focused on pineapple on pizza ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/foreign-secretary-speech-at-the-british-chamber-of-commerce ) . 
   and created a parliament like the benelux filled by a number of representatives from national parliaments . 
  this would have been better , i agree . 
  it will be interesting to see what the house of commons does now , but i suspect that they will refuse the house of lords ' amendment and send it back . 
  ping pong here we come !, 
  history has proved the uk completely right to stay outside the euro . 
  it is n't my concern . 
  however , it would be a mistake for the uk government not to be prepared to walk away , because even if both sides are largely agreed there are potential technical obstacles . 
   well i have been pretty clear on the fact that britain should n't have got those opt outs . 
  without the opt outs , the uk government would not have signed the maastricht treaty at all . 
   brexit has n't happened yet so it is still too early to tell brexit is a process rather than an event , which arguably began when the uk got opt-outs in the maastricht treaty . 
  we are part way through this process , which will last for years . 
  the conservatives are n't doing damage . 
  economic growth is high , unemployment is low and unsurprisingly the tories are very popular . 
   the new aspect of this document is that it also provides a preview of the other 4 ( depressive ) scenarios . 
  having more than one option on the table strikes me as a good thing for debate rather than a bad thing .
