  countries like germany , that export to the rest of the world , will find this helpful , countries like italy , which export mainly to the eurozone , not so much . 
  there may be some residual benefit to italy , but quite likely not enough to actually cause the italian economy to grow and perhaps not enough to counter defllation and will probably not help italy 's falling levels of employment , massive emigration problem and not reverse the imbalances between german unit labour costs and italian unit labour costs and also do nothing to bring about a real eurozone fiscal union . 
  a fall in the eur relative to the usd is just rearranging deckchairs on the titanic . 
  you need to focus on the iceberg , not the deckchairs . 
  dramatic reform is needed of the eurozone system of governance , powers of the ecb etc. 
   no , devaluation does not affect the size of real gdp . 
  yes , we agree on this point , of course . 
  nobody disagrees . 
  however , it is irrelevant to my argument and also to your argument . 
   italy 's ability to service that debt comes from gdp . 
  are you saying that real gdp decreases as a currency devaluates ? 
  i 'm saying that deflation causes debts to rise relative to gdp . 
  and i 'm saying recession also causes debts to rise relative to gdp . 
  both of these things are going on in italy unfortunately . 
  i 'm also saying that devaluing the eur relative to usd is neutral as regards italy 's ability to service its debts as the the devuation of the eur to usd impacts the size of the debt and the size of the gdp in the same way . 
   it 's denominated in euros but those euros are now much cheaper . 
  of course it matters , devaluating the currency is a way to relief the weight of debt that has been used for centuries ( even more so in italy ) i do n't agree with your analysis here . 
  the change in the exchange rate of eur/usd does not make it any easier for italy to repay its debts . 
  italy 's debts ( expressed in usd ) have fallen , but italy 's ability to service that debt ( expressed in usd ) has fallen to the same extent . 
  all this is irrelevant to the question of italy 's debt though , because italy 's debts are almost entirely in eur and not in usd . 
  the fall in the value of the eur relative to other currencies only impacts the ability of italy to export and import to countries that use different currencies . 
  italy 's main trading export partners are germany and france and the italian currency has not fallen relative to germany and france . 
  when people talk about devaluing a currency to repay debts , they mean a deliberate monetary policy to inflate a currency so that a country 's debts become smaller relative to a country 's gdp ( expressed in that currency ) . 
  however , this is n't what is currently happening in italy . 
  italy is in deflation not in inflation and also in recession , meaning that italy 's debts relative to its ability to service those debts are being hurt from both sides . 
   well , i do n't know about that , the euro has gone from 1.40 to below 1.30 so all of a suddent italy 's debt is 10 % lower expressed in dollars . 
  the ecb keeps taking expansive measures so that trend is likely to continue . 
  this might be good if italy 's debt were denominated in dollars or if italy were able to raise large revenues in dollars , but neither of these things are true . 
  italy has to pay back its debt in euros and its revenues are in euros and thus a change in the exchange rate against the dollars does n't much help . 
   the fiscal compact was signed by ( unelected ) monti 's government , that received < 10 % votes in the following election . 
  do you think that any italian government would have refused to sign the fiscal compact when merkel sarkozy et al were determined to sign it ? 
  the only countries that did n't sign were uk and czech , two of the most eusceptic countries that are both outside the eurozone . 
  italy never says `` no '' . 
  personally i do n't see renzi as being the type who is able to change european direction away from austerity . 
  if spicy food is what is wanted , they really need to reconsider the uk as their destination of choice ... 
   what you are writing might apply to spain ( i would n't know ) , but it does n't apply to italy . 
  we did actualy have a government of people parachuted in to take control with no democratic legitimacy . 
  i do mostly agree with you , but it is worth noting that in the european elections italians seemed to vote in massive numbers for renzi 's party . 
  i think this does give him a kind of indirect democratic legitimacy for his programme of government . 
   you know what sunk us ? 
  three years of self-serving optimism and inaction by berlusconi , following by more than year of savage austerity under ( unelected ) monti , followed by more austerity under ( unelected ) letta , followed it would seem by more austerity by ( unelected ) renzi . 
  i agree with you about berlusconi , but when it comes to the austerity of monti , letta and renzi it is somewhat hard to know what to say . 
  the austerity has n't really been an italian specific thing , but has been required by italy signing the fiscal compact and so forth . 
  given these rules , it is hard to see how a different italian government could really have had a very different budget without breaching italy 's obligations to brussels . 
   it seems that east germany went through a rough period after reunification . 
  yes - they did . 
  but a lot of other former warsaw pact etc countries also had somewhat tough time transitioning away from communism . 
  i do n't think east germany really had a worse experience than hungary , romania , bulgaria , poland , baltics ... 
  thus i do n't think currency union with west germany was necessarily to blame here . 
  sounds like she has withdrawn her withdrawal . 
  i had kind of hoped that hill ( the uk commissioner ) would not make it through , but it now looks like he will . 
   germany pulled off the same trick twice in 20 years . 
  they sure love their flawed currency unions . 
  personally i do n't think that history is judging harshly the east germany / west germany currency union . 
  in terms of fundamentals , it made a lot more sense than the euro . 
  west germans committed to massive fiscal transfers to the east , in a way that they simply do not seem prepared to do with the eurozone periphery . 
   italian emigration to the uk has grown 70 % over the last year , mostly in the 18-34 age bracket . 
  how many of those will be coming back ? 
  especially those who start families and have children abroad , how willing will they be to uproot their lives and return to italy , even assuming the situation will be better by then ? 
  i meet italians all the time in london . 
  obviously , my experience is entirely anecdotal , but i do n't see them going back any time soon : unless the uk economy collapses or the italian economy turns around , but neither of these things look likely at the moment . 
  the truth of the matter is that many italians who have come to the uk are well-educated and hard-working and enjoy the job prospects there are in the uk which are much better than those in italy . 
  most british employers are somewhat happy to have italian workers . 
  ok , they complain about the weather and the food and the high prices but it seems that jobs matter to people much more than those things . 
  in the long run this is a disaster for italy . 
  you will never recover from losing 100,000 s of your brightest and best to the uk . 
  i guess the only thing that might be wrong about the data is that i took unemployment by percentages and then showed employment by total numbers , thus if there have been changes in total population sizes in the eu the analysis will be a bit screwed up . 
  however , in some ways the total numbers are the interesting thing here - especially as a statistically significant amount of people move abroad for work which helps massage the unemployment figures in some countries . 
  thanks - think i have sorted out the links now , though i need remedial classes in snipping ... 
  grateful thanks . 
  i think i have now fixed the links . 
  sincere apologies . 
  i do n't know how to fix the links - i just copied the urls . 
  if you want to see the data , go to eurostat webpage , then click on statistics  labour market including labour force  employment and unemployment lfs  database  employment ( main characteristics and rates - quarterly data )  then filter by age-group and time periods . 
  please accept my apologies . 
  i am technologically illiterate and do n't know how to post screenshots to imgur ... 
  this data shown in the picture is now a bit out of date . 
  [ these are the latest figures on eurostat , as at q2 2014 , shown compared against q2 2013 ] ( http://imgur.com/ttcyfkz ) . 
  the good news is that on this metric it appears that most of europe is moving in the right direction , with significant falls in some countries like bulgaria , uk , hungary and croatia . 
  the bad news is that overall the fall in youth unemployment is slow and in some countries ( noticeably italy ) the trend is in the opposite direction . 
  sometimes it is interesting to look at employment as well as unemployment to get a fuller picture of what is happening . 
  [ this is the employment data for the equivalent period for the same age group and worryingly it appears to show that in some countries where unemployment has fallen , employment has also fallen and this appears to be the case across the eu as a whole ] ( http://imgur.com/kdmwf6s ) . 
  interestingly , employment is falling in the eurozone but growing in the non-eurozone . 
  countries which are creating lots of jobs for youth seem to be poland , hungary , croatia , greece and of course the uk , which has created more jobs for young people over the last year than the rest of the eu put together . 
  the figures are terrible for italy , romania , bulgaria , ireland ... 
  i 'd be interested in any statistical analysis by someone better at numbers than i am !, 
   are british really offended that irish city does n't want to keep a name that sounds forcibly anglicized ? 
  that sounds incredibly petty . 
  nobody in england , wales or scotland cares what it is called . 
  we never think about it and could not really be less interested . 
  as an english guy with grandparents from the republic of ireland i would happily call it derry when speaking to a republican and londonderry when speaking to a unionist - anything for a quiet life . 
  most people from ( the republic of ) ireland also do not much care . 
  the only people that really care are the northern irish - these people care massively about everything symbolic , like flags , marches , murals , names . 
  as / u/littlemightyrabbit has pointed out , it is very easy to anger people in northern ireland by accident . 
   interesting . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  i do n't have any particular intelligence or knowledge on this subject so am happy to be corrected by someone who knows more than me . 
  however , in my view fidesz and orban have already done more than enough to be expelled : - voting against juncker 's presidency of the european commission - increasingly close relationship with russia - ethno-nationalistic rhetoric - hungarian constitutional changes if that is n't enough , i do n't know what is . 
  - i also suspect that it in part suits the epp to have fidesz as a member ( to maintain the size of their ep parliamentary majority and to ensure that they have representation from as many eu countries as possible ) . 
  - i also think epp are probably aware that the consequences of pushing fidesz out of the the epp are quite uncertain and could have a further destabilising effect on the political situation in hungary and lead to further gains by jobbick , increased hungarian euscepticism .
