  the uk government 's position at the moment is slap-bang in the middle of the mainstream of eu positions , and while we have n't put in place sanctions , it is odd for a pole to choose to criticise the uk government but somehow to forget to criticise the polish government also for not implementing sanctions . 
  in relation to what britain did in ww2 , of course , we might have wished that history had played out differently , but it is easy to say that with hindsight . 
  but whatever britain 's faults in ww2 were , these were all in response to actions of other players and surely they are more than compensated for by what britain achieved and the sacrifice britain paid ? 
   the english did have a say in it , vis-a-vis the central government approving the process . 
  if people were n't for the referendum , you 'd surely find them protesting or trying to vote out cameron 's govt . 
  also , the english tend to much more in favour of scottish independence than the scottish are . 
   if they are allowed to make the easy choice , so are we ? 
  that 's not the self-perception of britain . 
  i agree that the uk should adopt a principled approach to sanctions . 
  however , without support from france and germany this does becime tricky . 
  should the uk harm its own economy when our european partners do n't ? 
  france is still selling battleships to russia ... 
  if you 're not careful we will start taxing your tea ( again ) . 
   he basically threatened sanctions and that was it . 
  so russia invades ukraine and the uk 's position is ( i ) a threat of sanctions , ( ii ) a government boycott of the paralympics and ( iii ) the uk not attending a pre g8 planning meeting . 
  putin must be quaking in his boots . 
   i ca n't believe the calls and intense pressure we had in the uk to give up trident , so optimistic , such a na\u00efve view of the world . 
  hippies are always going to live in a dream-world . 
  luckily they will never get into government in the uk . 
   talk with germans and french . 
  they 're the major two opposing anything else than diplomatic talks . 
  i 'm not sure that the uk is being much help either unfortunately . 
   it 's as popular as the indian independence day is in britain . 
  relevance ? 
   but we really do n't feel like celebrating our heroic military . 
  in britain we never speak about `` celebrating '' the fallen . 
  we always speak about `` commemorating '' them . 
  our attitude to ww1 is much more complex than our attitude to ww2 , however , it is true that we are emotionally connected to it still . 
  almost every child in britain still studies ww1 literature and poetry for example . 
  this year it is getting much more prominence than usual because of the centenery and it might be the case that after the 100th anniversary of the ending of ww1 passes , it will start to fade from our collective consciousness . 
  one big difference between britain and germany is that in britain we tend more to think of current britain as being a direct continuum of the britain that fought ww1 . 
  i gather ( but correct me if i am wrong ) that germans are more likely to think of current germany as being a reconstructed entity and distinct from the germany that fought in ww1 . 
  no - wider means more countries . 
  deeper means more integration . 
  we expect them to vote no . 
  however , we are happy either way . 
  we ca n't control the way scotland votes . 
  dude - sorry to disappoint you , but this is n't a conspiracy . 
  the ukraine are asking the usa to get involved . 
  the usa is very reluctant . 
  watch it . 
  you will drink tea and what is more you will enjoy it . 
  russia invading ukraine is first and foremost a problem for europe , much less one for the us . 
  the usa is only involved because europe wants the usa to be involved . 
  ukraine does not take the view that this is something just for the european portion of nato . 
  ukraine has specifically requested the us be involved . 
  given this specific request from ukraine , it would be rather ridiculous for the european portion of nato not to be co-ordinated with the usa about this . 
  we do n't know how big this problem will get . 
  events are moving quickly . 
  i agree it makes perfect sense for european nato members to get nato involved . 
  i 'm really not saying this is spoiled brat behaviour . 
  i 'm saying that the constant anti uk/us sentiment among certain european circles is spoiled brat behaviour . 
  at times like this we are reminded who our allies are . 
  yes , this is what i mean . 
  i was responding to a poster who did n't think europe was asking nato to do anything . 
  clearly it is . 
  the comments on here saying `` fuck them '' are getting upvotes . 
  welcome to / r/europe , huh !, 
  humans are the same , but cultures are different . 
  but just as nigerian culture is different from spanish culture , spanish culture is also different from swiss culture . 
  just to clarify , in my country we also do n't need them , because uk est stronk aussi , but we invite the usanians just out of politeness and so forth . 
  i do know this about poland . 
  i am agreeing with you here . 
  this is n't that big of a difference . 
  humans are humans . 
  brits are n't any better than spaniards who are n't any better than africans . 
  the same people who were incandescent with rage when switzerland voted to limit immigration and calling the swiss racists and xenophobes are now saying `` fuck them '' to africans who want to move abroad to better themselves , just like spaniards , greeks and italians do . 
  but europeans are demanding nato does something . 
  luck at the front page . 
  lithuania and poland are demanding it already . 
  well - personally if the basques want independence , i think it makes sense for the rest of spain to reach an agreement with them and negotiate it . 
  this is how mature democracies should behave . 
  seeing what is happening now with the uk and scotland , i do n't really see why this ca n't happen else where . 
  but watching the ukraine , i start to realise how lucky we are in the uk with a democracy that we take for granted . 
  this kind of thing is rather rare if you look at human history as a whole and the rest of the planet . 
  with the old big banks , we know what the problems were and we ( think we ) know what the solutions are . 
  or at least , the us , the uk , the eu etc have dramatically changed the way big banks are regulated and capitalised over the last few years . 
  essentially the aim of the new regulation is to avoid big banks failing and also ensuring that if they do fail they can be `` recovered or resolved '' by getting investors to bail them in , rather than the taxpayer to bail them out . 
  however , this regulation has been costly and it has meant that there are new gaps in the financial system , as the old banks , in part burdened by new regulation , have been unwilling to lend money in the way they used to . 
  shadow-banks have filled the gap . 
  we know that shadow-banks look very different from traditional banks and we know that they are much much smaller and that they are much much smaller . 
  but we do n't really know what impact they have on the financial system as a whole . 
  in my view the main thing to sort out first of all is transparency and reporting obligations . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  there is such contempt of the us and nato among europeans , but suddenly when russia threatens stability in europe , europeans immediately demand that nato ( and by this they kind of mean us , uk and france ) do something . 
  it is a disgrace that most nato nations do n't stick to their military spending obligations . 
  i support basque rights to have some control over their own governance ( as they currently have ) . 
  if they go through a democratic process towards independence , i would support that too , just as i support scotland with their process . 
  when i see what goes on generally across the world when it comes to getting independence , it seems like the situation with scotland is unusually easy . 
  shadow banks are less likely to have a damaging effect on the economy as they are so much smaller . 
  if a shadow bank goes bankrupt , the global financial system as a whole is not at risk . 
  the concerns with shadow-banks are an entirely different nature . 
  hedge funds go under all the time and nobody cares . 
  a lot of the recent change in the regulatory structure of the very biggest gsifis ( global systemically important financial institutions ) is n't really suited to shadow-banks . 
  however , my understanding is that a regulatory system for shadow-banks is being developed . 
  ( it 's not an area i have looked at closely , but some of my colleagues have . 
  i stick to the capital markets  ), 
  dude - less anger . 
  they are just human beings who want a better life . 
  there 's really no difference between an african wanting to go and work in spain and a spaniard wanting to go and work in the uk .
