   what about the status of eu regulations most of these are already on our statute books . 
  those that are n't are currently being put there or will be by the great repeal bill . 
   i 'm sure there are also non-law rules that the uk follows as part of being the eu . 
  what kind of non-law rules are you taking about specifically ? 
  i gave it about a 25 % chance of succeeding . 
  but that is partly because i studied constitutional law at cambridge with [ mark elliott and perhaps his teachings and opinions about how uk law and eu law interplayed coloured my own thinking ] ( https://publiclawforeveryone.com/2016/11/07/critical-reflections-on-the-high-courts-judgment-in-r-miller-v-secretary-of-state-for-exiting-the-european-union/ ) . 
  i have not yet read the full judgments from the supreme court yet . 
  there were bits of the high court judgment i agreed with and bits i did n't agree with . 
  i think it is a bit easier to predict the way parliament will legislate than the way the courts would judge . 
  do n't downvote this guy people , he actually is quite a poetic writer ... 
   its about the nato and many other `` little '' things . 
  uk supports nato , which is one of the reasons why the uk pays 2 % of its gdp towards it . 
  hopefully other countries will be more supportive of nato and pay their share . 
   i would not wonder if this selfish actions would bring war back to europe in 10-20 years . 
  which country is going to try and invade uk !? 
  the risk of war in europe is russia doing shit . 
  the way we counter that risk is nato ? 
   somehow , i think that there are going to be quite a few proposed amendments when this comes to parliament . 
  there will be loads of proposed amendments , but it will pass pretty much in its current form . 
  almost no amendment will get through . 
  edit - also , this bill does not trigger the unwinding of 45 years of legislation . 
  that legislation is already mostly on our statute books . 
  may is basically going there for free trade agreement ( this is both good for uk anyway , but also gives uk leverage against eu ) and also to get usa to confirm commitment for nato ( again , good for uk generally and also gives uk leverage with eu ) . 
  we will see what she achieves ... 
  central european , 
  since when is uk kissing putin ? 
  uk ( together of course with baltics and poland ) is one of the few countries left that is being really hawkish with russia . 
   if they had to vote on the whole bundle of brexit and not just the `` leave the eu '' part , you might see a different result . 
  since the referendum , as the immediate consequences of the vote become gradually clearer , it seems that the uk voters are hardening and becoming more in favour of brexit . 
  but there is no such thing as `` the whole bundle of brexit '' as the consequences will gradually emerge over decades and will depend partly on different choices we make , now and in the future , and different choices others make . 
  there is no one single path of history and consequences will depend not just on brexit but other subsequent choices . 
  i also do n't think that there is any point brexiteers demonising the eu . 
  we already got what we wanted , which is the uk to be leaving the eu - that argument is basically over and there is no point continuing with it . 
  if other countries want to be in the eu then that is fine , we should support them . 
  we just need a way to work along side each other and i reckon we can find one . 
  i expect my position to reflect the vast majority of brexiteers . 
  quite a lot of brexiteers are altanticists and support close relations between the us and the uk and i would include myself in that category . 
  but i also think the uk 's relationship with france for example is incredibly important ... 
  but in terms of the uk having parliamentary sovereignty and being in control of its own legislation , that is really important . 
  i do n't want to be a 51st state or part of a federal eu and would vote against either concept whenever possible !, 
  uk 's place in the world is going to be a balancing act in which we neither favour eu nor us nor rest of the world . 
  to me she is a much better choice than fry ( who is a bit too bitter and cynical for my tastes ) . 
  i am really not a fry fan , whereas i have been a sandi fan for years . 
  i guess the danish stuff is just this extra complexity to her humour and background , which is interesting . 
   much better than her danish accent at this point i agree , at this point we should not blame sandi , but blame the danish language . 
  she probably was never able to make herself understood in denmark . 
  i 'd say more good than bad at the moment in spain 's case ... 
  while low salaries are a problem , high unemployment is a worse one ... 
  she has a slight scandi accent and she goes on about scandi stuff the whole time , but i agree her hair is extremely scandi too . 
  when i watch her i just ca n't help thinking , this is scandi person who has somehow managed to fit into british culture and humour incredibly well . 
  she seems to really understand us . 
   sure , but that will mean that most uk companies geared for export will have to adhere to eu standards anyway yes and uk companies currently geared for us standards will have to adhere to us standards . 
  when i sell my product unsurprisingly i think about what my consumer wants . 
   that will have its impact on the supply chain downstream so the rest of the uk economy will also be nudged towards applying eu standards . 
  we really can not predict what will happen ( we do n't know how the uk 's trading relationships will change , we do know that there has been a long-term trend for our trade with the eu to decrease relative to our trade outside the eu ) . 
   that seems to contradict the stated desire for sovereignty . 
  provided that they do n't breach uk law , i am entirely happy for individuals and businesses to comply with whatever standards anywhere in the world they want to comply with . 
  this is basic liberalism 101 . 
  why on earth would i mind if a uk company that exports widgets to belgium complies with belgian standards any more than i currently mind that a uk company that exports widgets to usa currently complies with usa standards ? 
  i could not be less interested . 
   it 's not a given that the uk can keep current arrangements , tariffs and quota negotiated by the eu , and therefore not a given that they 'll get others either : it is also not a given that the eu can keep its current arrangements . 
  new tariffs and quotas for the uk also mean new tariffs and quotas for the eu , because , from a wto perspective , the eu with the uk in it is not the same as the eu without the uk . 
  ( note that the uk has already indicated that its starting to point is to replicate current arrangements and negotiate from there . 
  eu has not indicated its starting point . ), 
  surely you are not claiming that the european commission is incorrect ? 
  why would it lie to people ? 
  [ luckily the european commission is there to tell us the truth about the euro and correct any fake news about it . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/why/index_en.htm ) as the european commission points out , the euro has many benefits , including improved economic stability and growth and more employment and better quality jobs . 
   it can actually , by vetoing membership . 
  the uk is already a member of the wto and a founding member of it . 
  the eu is not able to veto uk wto membership any more than the uk could veto eu eto membership . 
  it is not about what is malicious , but what is possible . 
   in that case we do n't need to offer any deal , because the uk will drop any tariff on its own volition . 
  i would prefer the uk to do it . 
  but again , if you believed in free trade , you would also d it . 
   and it wants different regulatory standards than the eu , and that 's a non-tariff barrier too . 
  the uk could for example say that anything that can legally be sold in the eu can also be legally sold in the uk . 
  that is correct , though wto standards ( which are not the uk 's first choice , but are better than eu membership ) are something that the eu can not prevent the uk from enjoying . 
  i like her a lot and while she fits it well to british culture , she seems very scandi to me ... 
  public mood seems to be moving more in favour of brexit than away from it . 
  we did not vote for trump and polling in the uk suggests that a majority of people who voted leave do not support trump . 
  however , it has not changed our view of brexit . 
  i am not sure if there has been polling of a uk/us free trade agreement , but personally i am in favour of one . 
  ( i am in favour of trade agreements with basically everyone more or less . ), 
  i speak rp but did not go to public school . 
   but please , do n't mind us , keep devaluing that pound . 
  you seem somehow to not mind the euro devaluing against the dollar , but to mind italy not devaluing against germany . 
  these double standards make no sense . 
  '' [ they 're a weak lot some of them in europe , you know . 
  weak !, 
  feeble !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbngygwadym ) '' may so far has said nice things about the eu ( but warned them she was more than happy to crush them into tiny pieces lol ) . 
  i completely agree with you that reforms on bureaucracy and welfare are needed in greece and elsewhere . 
  but not every country is equally capable of making these reforms and they depend on cultural and political and historic factors that are way beyond the control of any central bank and most politicians . 
  not every country is capable of being as efficient as germany and therefore they should think carefully before having the same currency as germany . 
  or should have thought carefully . 
   devaluing the currency of a country which has no significant industry one of the causes of no significant industry is too high exchange rate . 
  i was n't born then . 
  but i remember black wednesday and that was fine . 
  how did most europeans feel when the euro devalued by 25 % against the dollar in 2014 ?
