  this kind of self-determination is very welcome . 
  the polls said that the conservatives and labour were equal in terms of the share of the vote . 
  in actual fact the conservatives were 6 % ahead of labour . 
  that is a massive error and caused the opinion pollsters to launch an enquiry into what went wrong . 
  they concluded , among other things , that their sampling was wrong ( overestimating younger and labour voters and underestimating older and tories ) . 
  if they do not correct sampling , this could impact the referendum too . 
   at some point in time there is going to be a reform of some sort and the uk wo n't be able to influence it the way they would as one of the big members . 
  if we 're not able to get reforms done now in the way that we want them , i 'm not sure why you think we would be able to get reforms done in the future . 
  while there is of course a question about the accuracy of polls , it is not the question that steers them but the sampling . 
  the question is the same one as on the ballot paper . 
   i 'm not sure i agree with the whole `` default '' thing , but at least it 's a proposal . 
  personally i think it is either : - debt and austerity for eternity ; or - persuading your eurozone partners to transfer money to you ; or - defaulting , devaluing and starting again with a new currency . 
  the worst of these options is the first one . 
  i do n't think that the second option is a reality . 
  so i would go with the final option . 
   cameron did n't even attend the eurogroup on july 13 , one of the most critical in eu history , the one where tsipras signed the bailout plan . 
  if the prime minister of the united kingdom decides to stay out of this , it shows the position the uk puts itself in modern politics . 
  the uk 's position is that the eurozone is a mess , we knew it would be a mess and that it why we stayed out of it in the first place . 
  the uk secretly thinks that it would be better for countries like greece to not be in the eurozone , but , because our own position in the eu is uncertain , we do n't say that . 
  so we just basically say nothing . 
  once we leave the eu , we will be able to be a lot clearer in what is best for greece . 
  ideally if greece leaves the eurozone we will be able to be part of the international effort to rescue the greek economy . 
  but there is no point doing that while you are in the eurozone . 
  it is simply throwing money away . 
   we need anglo-saxon way of doing things to balance out the continental way of doing things . 
  otherwise we 'll get lost in rampant legal positivism , in hyper-production of laws and regulations , without common sense for all it to stand on . 
  as a common law lawyer used to pragmatism and certainty of the english law legal system , i think you have summed up the differences very well . 
  the differences between the uk 's constitutional system and legal system are , for me , a very good reason for the uk to leave the eu . 
  the eu legislative process undermines the very foundations of our common law and our parliamentary sovereignty in a way which it does n't undermine the legal and consitutional systems of other eu countries . 
  i do n't think it helps the uk to be so compromised in this regard . 
   you used to have 1/3 of the world a century ago and now all you do is sign whatever germany proposes without even reading . 
  the uk did not sign anything because the uk is not involved in the eurozone and is going to stay out of it . 
  the uk should be arguing that greece needs to return to its own currency and should default on its debts , because that is the best long term thing for greece . 
  it is a shame that our government is not arguing this . 
  britain is staying in nato and remains committed to the national democracies and sovereignty of all of its nato partners . 
  uk relations with russia are at a very low point right now . 
  i agree that a brexit will destabilise the eu , but i think we should not exaggerate the risks . 
  in the long-run it will be good for the eu to have a friendly liberal democratic neighbour to your north west . 
  it will cause the eu to really reflect on what went wrong and to try and rectify that . 
  we also say woods for fairy tales ... 
  it is more poetic than forest . 
  it is n't difficult to make a new currency work , you just need to put in place fiscal transfer mechanisms and strong institutions . 
  the eu elite knew this . 
  the reason they did n't do it is because they were scared that people might not want it . 
  no , i also take into consideration the poorest , the average and the number of people in employment . 
  look at the usa 's growth and look at the eurozone 's . 
  the states have a lesser regulatory burden than the eu which is one of the reasons why the u.s. is more successful than the eu . 
  this . 
  europe will decline without competition . 
  newspapers can be both politicised and reputable . 
  this is only going to get worse , i fear . 
  her defence team would have known that this was a bad argument , but that does n't mean they should n't have run it . 
  it was still probably their best argument given the facts . 
  british people are pretty secular , but that is exactly why we do n't care about the head of the state being the head of the church . 
  it makes no difference . 
  he is in a tiny minority . 
  she tweeted later that he had been a real gent ... 
  no , they are having a laugh . 
  they hang out in the house of commons and are mates there . 
  she gets on well with jacob rees-mogg . 
  it does n't happen every weekend in birmingham . 
  she is talking crap and trying to normalise cologne . 
  the reasons why it wo n't happen is because there is no need and no desire . 
   laicism becomes official in every country . 
  this will never happen in the uk , nobody cares about official laicism and we already have unofficial laicism . 
   iceland 's government knew its deposit insurance scheme could not handle a major currency fluctuation . 
  it was extremely underfunded . 
  it is a shame how many on here think they handled the crisis well when all they did was shift the cost of their bailout to other countries . 
  they did n't have to shift the cost to other countries . 
  uk government could have refused to bail out the investors . 
  i think iceland did handle it well : they asked the people to vote . 
   in all important groups italy is included along with britain , france and germany . 
  militarily and geopolitically , italy is not in the same league as france and the uk . 
  france and the uk both have nuclear weapons and are on the unsc . 
  france and the uk also have la francophonie and the commonwealth and therefore have greater cultural reach than italy . 
  economically germany is quite a bit ahead of uk , france and italy . 
  uk and france are ahead of italy . 
  however , if we look at the last 15 years , the german , british and french economies have grown much more than the italian economy . 
  if we look at the post war period , italy has almost had more different governments than uk , france and germany combined . 
  italy is becoming more stable politically , but history is a bitch . 
  the main problem with italy in my mind is that italians suffer an inferiority complex . 
   but people should not have to price in political risks when a country is bound by eu regulations . 
  all investors always have to price in political risks i think . 
  being in the eea does not somehow end political risk . 
  if we tell investors that there is no political risk at all in the eea then we are simply misleading them . 
  risk factors !, 
  british historians argue about who the first british prime minister was because the job evolved gradually and is still not a formal position but a position that is there by convention . 
  a lot of historians consider walpole to be the first pm in 1721 . 
  cameron is the 53rd i think , making an average of around 5 and a half years . 
  edit since 1945 we have had 13 pms , averaging around 5 years and four months . 
  ( i think . ), 
   they were told the icelandic government would insure their deposits . 
  iceland is a democracy and democracies can change their laws using the democratic process . 
  personally i think we should respect iceland 's democracy . 
  people that invest in iceland ( and get high interest rates ) should be mindful of the fact that the iceland might change their laws . 
  the general uk taxpayer should not be liable for the risks taken by investors . 
   can somebody who reads french find this in le figaro ? 
  [ i think i found the article but got pay-walled . 
  no reports on this from le figaro or le monde as of now . 
  i actually do n't know the full story of the icesave case .
