  but i still think that considering wanting to leave the euro as an extremist position is not really a good thing for a democracy . 
  it stops there being an honest , unemotional debate about the euro and its various costs and benefits . 
  if the debate is not an honest one , solving the problems contained within the euro becomes harder . 
  democracies need effective self-correcting mechanisms . 
  fortunately the british people are able to recognise bullshit when they see it . 
   let 's deny what economists are saying about the brexit being 2-5 times worse for gdp than initially projected which ones are saying this ? 
   considering the political , economical consequences and the bureaucracy behind it i completely agree that it would require radical change . 
  but a radical change is not of itself extreme . 
  when france joined the euro in the first place , that was a radical change . 
  was it an extremist thing to do ? 
   and not even to start with the `` alliance '' between many british and trump to bring eu down . 
  almost nobody in the uk is trying to bring the eu down . 
  this is something that the eu seems to be trying to do all by itself . 
   haha !, 
  you know that putting an h at the end of a word has recently become a synonym of being a grillino ( movement 5 stars supporter ) ? 
  but actually that is pretty interesting to find out . 
  it is funny that spelling has political aspects : think of the use of `` k '' to symbolise anarchy , or `` itaglia '' with the `` g '' to kind of mean `` stupid italy '' and what is the deal with this `` ciaone '' that i keep seeing ? 
  uk is aligned to the usa as is the rest of the democratic west . 
  that should not change just because of trump . 
  because of trump 's unhelpful comments about nato during the campaign , it was of course very important that may got in there early so that he could `` clarify '' his position . 
  if you care about nato , you will recognise that this was necessary . 
   edit : oh , it 's you again . 
  how 's it going ? 
   you my friend did besmirch the values of the french revolution . 
  in terms of changing the course of history , brexit is of course not on the scale of the french revolution , but is a profoundly important event . 
  the people forced the elite to change how the people are governed . 
   the bowing of may to trump is very evident . 
  you claimed that may was following trumps moves and i asked you which ones . 
  what expectations am i lowering ? 
   also , all of the comments here have been heavily downvoted . 
  be kind , i 'm still young , i have my entire life before me . 
  just avoid making any criticism of the euro as a currency , or pointing out that considering leaving it should not be an extreme position , and you will be fine . 
   brexit is immigration fear and xenophobia wanting to limit immigration is not xenophobic . 
  surely you can accept that ? 
   and you did compare that to the french revolution - one of the most important historic events ... brexit will have profound political consequences , it is a historic process . 
  we wo n't work out the consequences in 30 months , its fall out will last much longer . 
   ... you are a true demagogue . 
  i 'm really not . 
   and there was actual xenophobia , such as there were several xenophobic attacks post brexit . 
  i agree that there were some xenophobic attacks , but if we consider the number of these and compare them to the size of the uk population or the number of xenophobic attacks that happen in other countries , they were not significant , even if each such attack itself is of course reprehensible . 
   having a relationship with usa is normal , being on the same spectrum and following his move is different , which is what the uk under may is doing which move that trump has done has the uk followed ? 
   no that 's not it ... after 5minutes it comes down to xenophobia . 
  out of interest , is it the case in your country that it would be impossible to question the eu without being xenophobic ? 
  can you conceive of arguments against the eu that are n't xenophobic ones ? 
   by that criteria the uk is even more unhealthy . 
  you should have a referendum on keeping sterling as currency . 
  i agree that people in the uk should be able to discuss what currency we should have without being considered extremists . 
  the discussion over currency is not inherently an extreme position . 
  i would never call someone that proposed changing the uk 's currency arrangements extreme . 
  the range of acceptable political in opinion in a democracy should be a wide one . 
   and there were arguments which were straight forward xenophobia . 
  i think arguing that wanting to limit immigration is xenophobic is plain wrong always . 
  only actual xenophobia is evidence of xenophobia . 
   british people have no control over usa but brexit will be on the same political side as donald trump 's phenomenon , as we can see for the support that your current government has for trump . 
  the entire democratic west will have a relationship with trump because he is the democratically elected leader of the usa . 
  it is of course hugely important for the uk to particularly frame the relationship with the usa , to ensure that nato remains strong . 
  i 'm glad you like laughing at people who are less intelligent than you are . 
  just because people might be inarticulate does not mean that they are fundamentally wrong about the concept of democratic accountability . 
  equally , just because someone is incredibly bright , this does not mean that they can correctly analyse the economic consequences of the uk voting to leave the eu . 
   you had a lot of xenophobia regarding immigration , a very nasty campaign from ukip . 
  wanting to limit immigration is not xenophobic . 
   and , as we can see now , brexit and donald trump phenomenon will always be politically linked . 
  people in the uk have no control over who the usa elects any more than people in italy have control over who the usa elects . 
  the eu has all kinds of problems for democracy because uk politicians do not , while we are in the eu , have ultimate control over our laws . 
  but hey , why do n't we call that xenophobia , that gets upvotes . 
  there was a considerable desire to limit immigration . 
  but that is not the same as xenophobia . 
  enough already . 
  wanting to be outside the eu does not mean you are xenophobic . 
  calling people you disagree with xenophobic is simply a way to try to delegitimise a position through name-calling . 
  it effectively tries to avoid having a discussion about the actual issues . 
  brexit is like the french revolution . 
  it will play out over centuries . 
  even if it is true that france needs a deep arrangement with germany , that does not mean that france has to share a currency with germany . 
  questioning the euro should not be something that is seen as extreme in france . 
  mainstream politicians should be part of the discussion , rather than giving the debate to mlp . 
  way before ukip existed there were eusceptics within the tories . 
  read up on the maastricht rebels . 
  le pen 's plan is pretty mad , i agree . 
  because belief in the euro has in france become synonymous with political virtue - i.e. 
  those who do not support the euro are entirely outside the range of acceptable political opinion , the debate about something that should not be politically extreme , like leaving the euro , is owned by the extremists , like le pen . 
  i think this is a bit unhealthy for democracy in france . 
  differently in the uk , euscepticism never became a taboo subject . 
  people were always free to criticise the eu from within the mainstream politics of the tories and the labour party . 
  this stopped potential extremists owning a political position that should not be seen as extreme . 
  to me this is another wonderful benefit of brexit : the eu is now thinking about genuine reform and enhancing accountability . 
   can someone explain why the whole greek question is flaring up again lately ? 
  the approach to the greek question is always the same : amend , extend and pretend . 
  this approach means that you have to keep on amending , extending and pretending at regular intervals . 
  it will stop flaring up when people face the actual problem full on . 
  but that means being honest with voters and politicians are scared of doing that . 
  this was interesting . 
  even in london , many of the outer boroughs the leave vote was higher than expected . 
  hardly anyone lives there as it is mainly offices . 
  why will the uk fish its waters into oblivion ? 
  i agree that the people at the top of the labour party were not helpful to remain . 
  it surprised me that the people on a grassroots level were also being so chaotic . 
  there seemed to be a belief that labour voters would just do what they were told on the eu . 
  labour seemed to be ignoring data and evidence . 
   the remain campaign unfortunately were run by idiots this seemed to be the case generally .
