   is the british campaign in the baltic in 1918-1919 known to brits or not ? 
  i 'd say it is known by some but not by others . 
  probably not by most . 
   it 's pretty sad we voted to leave and now the eu is deciding to reform . 
  the best way of getting the eu to reform was to vote leave . 
  if you want to make the eu better , a leave vote was the rational vote . 
   people realize now that clowns like farage had absolutely no plan for the time after . 
  people voted leave knowing that there was n't a plan . 
  they believe that in the long run the government will put together a plan that will be better for the uk than the previous arrangement . 
   more pressing for us is the threat of the uk reinstating a hard border on the island . 
  as mentioned repeatedly prior to the referendum , the uk does not want a hard border . 
  ireland does not want a hard border . 
  let 's not scaremonger about a hard border . 
   as an estonian i must say thank you !, 
  as a brit i must say you are welcome and that it is our absolute pleasure and indeed a privilege . 
   i do n't really understand what the sanctions are supposed to do . 
  agreed about deflation . 
  also , it is now hard to see how the eurozone can save that problem . 
  they do n't have many options left . 
  the problem in the eurozone is not inflation , it is that different parts of the eurozone are imbalanced . 
   why do you have to have a deficit ? 
  you control your own currency . 
  partly because we control our own currency we are more relaxed about having a deficit . 
  uk was above the deficit limit too , but we had an opt-out of that rule . 
  now we are opting out of the whole thing i guess so our own parliament can decide what kind of deficit we have ( which in my view is the democratic way of doing things ) . 
  i do that sometimes too , 
   you 're right , it raises the question , what ` communities ' exactly are in this document . 
  how did they refer to the member-states at the time ? 
  `` member state '' has been a consistent term since the original steel and coal community . 
  the term `` communities '' should be as interpreted as `` union '' now . 
  by archives of the communities i think we can mean archives belonging to the supranational institutions and agencies ( e.g. 
  commission , esma etc ) . 
   the uk has a trade deficit with ( as far as i was able to quickly look up ) every single eu country ... we have a surplus with malta and cyprus iirc . 
  france, 
   no , we want the rest of the world to raise taxes so we do n't get that race to the bottom . 
  good luck with controlling the rest of the world 's tax rates !, 
  one of the reasons for the uk leaving the eu was because it was intolerable for the uk parliament not to have control over whether taxes got raised . 
  this is a key part of our constitution . 
   the social state does not run without ( proper ) taxation . 
  i 'd rather not have a libertarian hell-hole on this continent . 
  france has a little while to go before it becomes a libertarian hell-hole . 
  however , if you want france to put up taxes and make itself less competitive so that finance does not go there , that is your democratic choice . 
  france is making itself more competitive , not less . 
  this is a race to the top . 
  we all benefit from the french plans . 
   he 's claimed to be a `` finance worker '' before , maybe he is secretly desperate to leave the uk for france i 'm a lawyer working in finance . 
  i 'm not planning to move to france , but i do think it is good that france is planning on making itself a better place for finance to be . 
  surely everyone agrees with this ? 
   i 'm sorry we 're trying to stick it to the english , but it 's the first decent shot in centuries , so we 're gon na go ahead and take it . 
  i think it is great that you are offering tax relief . 
  this is something you should be doing anyway , but i am glad that we gave you the courage to do this . 
  competition between the uk and france is a natural thing and is best for both our countries . 
  it will make us both do better . 
  the leave campaign had more motivated volunteers . 
  in the end that made a crucial difference to getting out the vote . 
  this is one of the many good consequences of brexit . 
  france is going to become more competitive . 
  obviously , france should already have been doing these things anyway , but it seems that brexit has given them the courage to properly think about making their economy more competitive . 
  brexit has not just been wonderful for the uk , but we are already seeing how it is good for the rest of the eu too . 
  people are thinking about regulation in a more coherent way . 
   when someone is gathering a team for a collaborative project , whose idea is it to send this guy ? 
  the voters . 
   which is not a legally binding agreement and under the current situation almost certainly subject to some form of change . 
  i expect it not to change as it suits both the uk and ireland ( and has done for many years ) . 
  no data for belgium ? 
  or did they somehow manage to leave the eu quicker than us while nobody noticed ? 
  yes , and uk and ireland are part of common travel area . 
   when one side furiously campaigns for their desired outcome , and make spurious claims for how it will turn out , then they damn well better have a rock solid plan to lean back on if they get what they want . 
  no , what is relevant is political power to implement a plan . 
   but can you tell me how lying is criminal ? 
  an authority is in its right to correct misinformation spread about it . 
  lying of itself is not criminal , unless the lie breaches some other criminal offence ( i.e. 
  incitement to racial hatred ) . 
  whether an authority should correct information spread about it depends on a range of factors , including the cost and whether it will make a difference . 
   i 'm saying they 'll collapse when they start arguing about the manner in which they leave . 
  i disagree on this . 
  they will have a debate ( which will be healthy ) but it is very unlikely that they will collapse . 
  given the current state of the labour party , the tory majority is likely to increase . 
   but if i hand them out in thousands i 'm sure there would at least be a notice from the police that it is not true . 
  especially if i disguise the leaflet in form of a `` newspaper '' ( ie dailyheil etc ) . 
  in the uk the police do n't give out notices if things are n't true . 
  they get involved in case of criminal activity . 
   norway is in the eea and the single market . 
  if the uk is not in them then it might need a physical border . 
  the single market is nothing to do with borders though . 
  borders relate to the customs union and schengen . 
  norway is outside the customs union , which is why it the relevant example . 
   why does n't this message reach so many of you guys across the channel ? 
  fog in the channel , continent cut off . 
   so you assumed the tory party collapsing was somehow related to their disagreements over if we should leave ? 
  do feel free to explain why you think the tories are collapsing !, 
   i do n't see how such a leaflet is criminal though . 
  it is a blatant lie but you know freedom of speech etc. 
  if it is not criminal in your country , then the police wo n't be involved will they ? 
  i 'm the one arguing that the conservative party are not collapsing . 
  they are in government . 
  they are doing well in the polls . 
  they are united on the question over whether or not the uk should leave the eu . 
  the main division running through the conservative party in the last few decades was europe . 
  that division is no longer there ( see hague 's recent article on the subject ) .
