   because even though we were allies at the time they were stronger than us and issued an ultimatum demanding that we gave them the territories between angola and mozambique . 
  watch it !, 
  next time we will demand the territories between porto and lisbon , but still maintain the alliance . 
  yes , i am agreeing with you . 
  i am saying that the eu is unique and nothing like nafta . 
  well , exactly . 
  the success of an economy is due to other factors . 
  [ this has all shown to be totally false . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/42b59126-794c-3a0b-b19a-6d4b0a11c990 ) just as the uk needs to regularise its wto position post-brexit , so does the eu . 
  the only difference is that the uk has already clarified that it will approach this from a free trade standpoint , whereas the eu has said nothing . 
  i am still not understanding what point you are trying to make . 
  you said that `` every export would stop for at least months , to the entire world '' . 
  this is clearly nonsense . 
   wto agreement for uk is connected to its eu membership and thus must renegotiated and agreed upon by all wto members ... which includes eu once the uk leaves the eu , both the uk 's and the eu 's schedules of tariffs and quotas will need to be amended . 
  if the eu does not agree to the uk 's proposal , the uk will not agree to the eu 's proposal . 
   none of them are facing tariff being reinstated and more barrier to trade all around i agree , the eu does have very protectionist tendencies , which is why i voted leave . 
  outside the eu we can dispense with the eu 's tariffs . 
   there are not lots of countries in the world that are in imminent geographical proximity of an economic union that encompasses every single country near you . 
  who really cares though ? 
  this does not mean that the uk should be in the single market . 
  if the single market were so fantastic , why would greece be in the mess that it is in ? 
  no , there are fundamental differences . 
  no other trade bloc is imposing some kind of supremacy of laws arrangement like the eu has . 
  or prevents its members concluding trade deals with other countries . 
   getting out of the single market means losing those agreements too those agreements will be replaced by uk agreements with the relevant countries . 
  the key relevant countries have confirmed that they are happy with this . 
   every export would stop for at least months , to the entire world . 
  what ? 
  africa , asia and north america have nothing like the eu 's single market . 
   even though the uk economy is still growing , if it would have grown .3 % more without brexit , that 's untold billions that just wo n't exist down the line . 
  if the uk would have grown .3 % less without brexit , that 's untold extra billions . 
   you 've got the rebate it is going to be really interesting to see what happens to the rebate when we leave . 
  hopefully the eu makes some fundamental changes to the cap which have been needed for many years . 
  [ which bit of the legal advice to the house of lords european union committee did you disagree with ? 
  ] ( https://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld201617/ldselect/ldeucom/125/12511.htm ), 
   they cant leave the eu ( or at least single market ) but no , they dont seem to mind shooting themselves in the foot . 
  the uk is n't shooting itself in the foot by leaving the single market . 
  there are lots of countries in the world that are not in the single market . 
  i want the uk to leave the single market . 
  this is simply a difference of opinion about what the uk 's legal obligations are . 
   they suggested just walking away from all talks and not paying anything the uk has not suggested that it will not pay legal obligations . 
   i think in 20 years will just be `` one of europe 's financial center '' instead `` the european financial center '' . 
  london is not `` the european financial centre '' . 
  it is one of two full-service global financial centres . 
  finance is not european , it is global . 
   the racist , xenophobic , populist and nationalist plebs wanting to leave the eu is not xenophobic , populist or nationalistic . 
   except that farage , leader of the brexit , is just another putin blowboy . 
  farage did not lead brexit . 
  ukip do not support putin and nor does farage . 
   quite a few banks left the city already not one bank has left the city . 
  would be great if we could stop editorialising titles . 
  i do n't think that the spectator article is evidence of a promise of devo max . 
  there is nothing definitive in it . 
  you wrote that devo max was `` more or less promised '' . 
  i am saying that there was n't a `` more or less promise '' . 
   the prime minister went further than he has ever done before by promising to devolve more power from westminster to holyrood if scots vote no . 
  yes and more power was devolved to scotland . 
   some say david cameron , nick clegg and ed miliband have come close to that . 
  just because some people say something - that does not mean it is true . 
  in any event `` close to devo max '' is not the same as `` devo max '' . 
   that some scots have been disappointed by what they perceive as a failure to deliver on the promises made before the last scottish referendum i agree that some scots have been disappointed . 
  but that does not mean that devo max was more or less promised . 
  i do n't think your own sources really support your argument . 
  look at your own first link for example . 
  it specifically says that devo-max was not on offer . 
  i agree that there was discussion about devo max before the referendum and that some people wanted that . 
  however it was n't more or less promised . 
  this is n't arguing just for the sake of arguing , it reflects a common opinion among psephologists , not some obscure opinion . 
  i agree , but this could mean that a referendum does not happen , if those wanting a referendum do not have a majority in the scottish parliament next time round . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not xenophobic . 
  i hope you understand that basic point . 
  what they are thinking now makes an impact on when the referendum takes place or whether it takes place at all . 
  arguably it makes the poll more accurate as there is no `` unsure '' answer on the actual ballot . 
  this was one of the reasons i voted leave . 
  in my view in the long-run it makes scottish independence less likely . 
  let 's just get through the next few years !, 
  the uk government did not say they could n't keep the pound , but that it would not enter into a currency union with an independent scotland . 
  the scottish referendum in 2014 was much more emotional than the eu 2016 referendum . 
  i was shitting bricks during the eu referendum , i do n't think i can cope with another scottish referendum , and that is from south of the border . 
  i dread to think how you guys i coping with it !, 
  very good comment , thanks . 
  it is a shame that more countries do not follow the swiss example . 
  which irish political parties want to join shengen ? 
  the people who choose who meps are voters - if they choose farage , so be it . 
  and when you say `` our money '' - this money belongs to eu taxpayers , including people who vote for farage . 
   a lot of brexiteers wo n't be happy if you tell them that you 'll continue to let in those murderers , rapists and other criminals from eastern europe . 
  i am a brexiteer . 
  the uk is going to continue to allow via free travel for all eucitizens . 
  known criminals will be stopped at the border or deported , but that also happens when they enter ireland . 
   if you can overstay your visa-free travel , it 's not necessary to go through the ri-ni-uk shenanigans . 
  the uk will deal with this in the same was as it deals with brazilians etc who overstay visa free travel . 
  none of this means passports checked in ireland . 
   i remember ` devo-max ' being more or less promised i am surprised you remember this , because it was not promised . 
  the uk troops here are part of a joint battle group with french , danish and also estonian troops . 
  this is the largest amount of british troops on continental europe since the end of the cold war . 
  this is of course somewhat sad , but also necessary . 
  it is a strong message about the unity of nato . 
  we 're not planning on stopping people enter the uk via heathrow , so not sure why people would bother going via ireland . 
  ireland and the uk both want to have a common travel area . 
  there is agreement between ireland and the uk here .
