  they wo n't piss her off ... 
   the nickname of the dutch marines among their british royal marine counterparts is `` cloggies , '' due to the stereotype that most or all dutch wear clogs , instead of `` normal '' footwear lol . 
  you cloggies must get annoyed with us brits !, 
  one pound currently gets me 1.40 euro . 
  two years ago it got me 1.15 . 
  at the end of 2008 , the euro approached parity with the pound . 
  i 'm currently in the process of applying for a job in which i will be paid in euro . 
  i 'm starting to think i should n't do this as i have liabilities in pounds . 
   how about a `` fuck the u.k '' coin to balance things out ? 
  that would be kinda cool ;-)  the eu and the euro is more unpopular than ever in france paving the way for a future front national victory . 
  how times change ... 
   a draft design of the coin was submitted to the council of the european union by belgium , the site of the battle , in february this year . 
  lol . 
  de gaulle was right . 
  belgium really was invented by the brits to annoy the french ... 
   sadly not an uncommon opinion in ireland . 
  if the worst comes to the worst and the uk and other allies go to war with russia ( let 's hope not ) , then i expect many irishmen and women would fight on the allied side , perhaps within the uk military , and they would be very welcome to do that . 
  i think that a majority of the irish do not take the op 's position . 
   that 's the situation we are in right now and which a common military will seek to resolve , since it would be the eu not just the baltics being invaded . 
  just like how with the common currency it is the eu , not just greece that has a debt problem . 
   the thing is the cost of a grexit would be immense . 
  so any rational eurozone government should first expend every effort to reform the eurozone ( or at least put in place some temporary systems , like the varoufakis proposal suggests to mitigate the problem ) . 
  i agree . 
  the costs would be massive . 
  but the good thing is that most of the costs are `` one-off-costs '' , rather than ongoing permanent costs . 
   i love how he fails to see the hole in his logic . 
  `` we do n't want a fiscal unions '' `` the monetary union is fine and we want to keep it '' . 
  i see this a lot on here . 
  i am starting to think that many people 's preferred outcome is to continue along the current path , which i think will be a tragedy for greece . 
  as i understand it your position is , broadly , that you want greece to stay in the euro , but you want the eurozone to change , so that it operates effectively as a real monetary union , like the us , or uk etc , in which there are vast transfers of funds from place to place and most tax is centralised . 
  this is of course a rational position economically . 
  however , from a political perspective , it is starting to look like an unlikely outcome . 
  in my mind , if you care about the future of your country , there comes a point at which you need to accept that your desired outcome is not politically possible and at that stage you need to work out what your position will be . 
  maybe we 're not there just yet ... 
   i 'm sure gb will then follow the greek position on the crisis and give them all the money they want . 
  differently from germany , the uk decided not to join a monetary union with greece . 
  it is the responsibility of the eurozone to sort out the problems . 
  this is not the uk 's problem . 
   and the rest of your post is meaningless as soon as you have to pay tariffs when importing something into the eu from the uk . 
  this really depends on the new relationship that the uk and reu create and this is a matter for negotiation . 
  personally , i am in favour of a free trade agreement , a bit like south korea and canada have . 
  there do n't need to be tariffs . 
  however , even tariffs would be better than staying in the eu . 
   as of yet . 
  but they voted to do so . 
  they voted to restrict immigration . 
  how they implement that is a question for negotiation . 
   and all of the reasons are meaningless as soon as you are not part of the trade union anymore . 
  becasue believe it or not english law is not any better than german law . 
  your position in trade is a remnant of the empire . 
  but as soon as you leave the trade union that advantage is gone . 
  forever . 
  many countries in the world are successful economies , without being part of the eu 's single market . 
   becasue believe it or not english law is not any better than german law . 
  actually , when it comes to international finance , particpants choose to use english law far more often than they choose to use german law . 
  english law is used in many international financing agreements all over the world . 
  german law is only used when one of the participants is german and not always then . 
   your position in trade is a remnant of the empire . 
  not really . 
   but as soon as you leave the trade union that advantage is gone . 
  forever . 
  the uk is going to keep on trading with the reu . 
   no it wo n't . 
  it also wo n't grant the swiss any exemptions when it comes to their unilateral change of one of their treaties . 
  they have not done anything unilaterally . 
   well i hope the uk can pump up it 's mining production then to power chinese furnaces . 
  because it 's going to lose its place as a trading place if they are outside the union . 
  with the uk leaving there is not a single reason to conduct business in london instead of frankfurt or paris . 
  the uk has the fifth largest economy in the world . 
  there are many reasons to conduct business in london and they include ( i ) english language , ( ii ) english law , ( iii ) tax system , ( iv ) liberal trading and employment laws , ( v ) position of london as one of the two truly global cities with a global financial centre , ( vi ) massive concentration of professionals and expertise , ( vii ) perceived outstanding regulatary system , ( viii ) perceived strong democracy and adherence to the rule of law ... 
   write some letters from time to time though , do n't forget us if the greek government pulls out of the eurozone and creates a new currency and defaults on its existing debts , i hope that the uk government will give greece a temporary emergency facility to ensure that greek public life can continue as normal until the new currency stabilises . 
   even though nigel and his gang have been gaining some popularity , there 's really not that much indicating that the uk is about to leave the eu . 
  it is not `` about to '' , but there is a good chance that it will some time in the next decade . 
  there is far more chance that the uk leaves the eu than norway joins . 
  ( very sensible people , norwegians . ), 
   if you think economic development of the uk is going to be the same after leaving the eu and the internal market.you 're going to be disappointed . 
  the uk will negotiate a new trading agreement with the reu , like many countries in the world have . 
  the reu needs this , as the uk is its largest export market . 
  the uk can continue to grow strongly like many other countries that are not in the eu , like canada , australia , usa , new zealand and so forth . 
   oh they already have . 
  no , this is not the case . 
  there is not currently a strong eurozone political union or the necessary fiscal union . 
  for this to be put in place , new treaties are necessary . 
  there is a huge amount of work to be done and none of it has yet faced the ballot box . 
   just wait how the situation with switzerland will end after they voted to restrict access for eu citizens in clear breach with their contracts . 
  i doubt they 'll follow through with it . 
  if they do hats off to them but that 's going to cost the swiss . 
  switzerland are doing fine . 
  they have a great economy and a great democracy . 
  they are among the freest people in the world . 
  they were very sensible to stay out of the eu and are doing very well indeed from it . 
   not all of you obviously , as a good portion of you still are in favour of close ties to the eu . 
  we all want close ties with the eu . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , the uk will still have very close diplomatic and trading ties with the reu . 
   then do n't say that history has shown anything . 
  we have already got enought evidence : two debt restructuings by greece , rescue packages for ireland and portugal , massive unemployment and very low growth . 
  this is enough to show us that monetary union without political union has failed , which if you read back the comments has always been my position . 
   also do n't say that the euro has failed . 
  if the eurozone does not put in place fiscal union and poilitical union it will fail . 
  currently , there seem to be no elected politicians that are arguing for the necessary changes .
