  the uk is not in schengen and will never join it . 
  the schengen countries should look after their border , but the uk should not have to pay for them to do that . 
  many of the migrants are n't from former british colonies though , they are from eritrea and ethiopia . 
  it makes no sense to blame the british empire . 
  the reasons that they want to come to the uk include language , but also the uk 's good job market , lack of identity cards and welcoming culture . 
  empire has almost nothing to do with it . 
  none of these things the uk can change . 
  many migrants want to go to sweden or denmark too . 
  how many colonies did they have in africa ? 
  yes , this one does seem a little bit mad ... 
  we do n't know whether or not they are refugees , as they have not been processed . 
  i know that the fact that english is the global lingua franca makes the uk a desirable destination . 
  however , this is irrelevant to the discussion about what france should do about them . 
  there are no paper checks in the streets in the uk . 
  if they are refugees , then france can give them asylum . 
  surely the french government is capable of dealing with this ? 
  or is the french government going to accept permanent shanty towns in calais ? 
  i do n't know whether or not they are illegal immigrants or refugees . 
  if they are refugees , france should deal with them !, 
  rome . 
  it just has so much good stuff there . 
  the uk would be insane to join the euro . 
  if we leave the eu we would be mad to join again the same way that switzerland and norway would be mad to join the eu . 
  we 'd do fine outside just as they do . 
  there is far more chance of the eurozone collapsing than the uk joining . 
   so you do n't have a problem that the single market , based on the the supremacy and direct applicability of eu law , was created by ecj without democratic mandate . 
  good to know . 
  the judgments of the ecj do not create new law but judge on the basis of existing law . 
   says who ? 
  the euro has democratic support , overall . 
  of course the eurozone as it currently exists and as it was created were unsatisfactory . 
  it has yielded terrible outcomes . 
  you agree with me it was designed poorly . 
  we are essentially agreeing here . 
   first of all ... please , this is n't the dm comments section . 
  what mess ? 
  there was a crisis . 
  if the eurozone had been properly designed , then we would not be talking about a grexit now . 
  the fact that we are talking about it and that it is a real possibility is a mess . 
   they are and have been a failed state and they really love to moan a lot . 
  this is not the dm comments section . 
   i still think in my life time i will see britain join the euro i think that is incredibly unlikely . 
  there is not one single uk political party that wants this . 
  it is electoral suicide in the uk to want to join the euro . 
   i 'm all for stopping immigrants before they go to britain , but it 's not just `` france 's problem '' . 
  the uk government has contributed millions of pounds towards calais . 
  i do n't know how much is needed , but the uk government has recognised that it needs to help . 
  however , i do think that a nation with the vast administration and successful economy like france could deal with the calais situation a bit better . 
  to me it seems like your politicians have just decided not to bother . 
  illegal immigrants do n't need to be thrown into a random country , they can be returned to their own country ( experts can work out where they come from if they do n't admit it ) . 
  and those that ca n't be returned can be given asylum . 
   it 's easy to sit in uk and blame france for immigrants did you read the article ? 
  this is not an article about the uk blaming france . 
  it is an article about france blaming the uk ... 
   tell me , where would you send those migrants ? 
  pick a random country in africa and throw them all in ? 
  my position is not that they should leave france . 
  [ this is your position . 
  ] ( http://ua.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3aq1ah/france_must_provoke_diplomatic_incident_with_uk/csey5eu ) you seem to think that they should go to the uk , which makes no sense . 
  either ( i ) they are refugees ( in which case france should give them asylum or ensure that they are returned to their point of entry into the eu as per the dublin agreement ) or ( ii ) they are illegal immigrants ( in which case france should send them back to where they came from ) . 
  under no circumstances should france leave them in a shanty town in calais . 
   what are you waiting for to repatriate all those 310 000 / 570 000 illegal immigrants ? 
  fortunately a majority of these people are working . 
  if they were in camps in dover trying desperately to leave the uk and get to france , then i guess i would be feeling differently about this ... 
   we like them and they like us [ anglo-portuguese alliance - oldest alliance in the world : true love !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-portuguese_alliance ), 
   oh yeah sure , france did want them and asked them to come . . wait . . no we did n't , we should let them leave france . 
  if you do n't want them , why do n't you ( a ) not let them into france in the first place or ( b ) make them leave ? 
   the single market would certainly be very differently created should we go back in time !, 
  there would be no single market without costa v enel and van gend en loos and these were not , explicitly at least , agreed upon by the states but forced on the states by the ecj . 
  these are just two very basic examples , but the whole understanding of what the fundamental freedoms mean comes , mostly , from the court . 
  to say the single market was not well designed would be an understatement - there was no design for it , but it happened eventually . 
  the court decisions are n't saying something fundamentally different from the treaties though . 
  and the fact that the treaties were n't clearer did not cause any harm . 
  thus , there is no need for the single market to have been created in a different way , what happened in practice has been entirely satisfactory . 
  this is totally different from monetary union - it has been entirely unsatisfactory  the fact that many brits more or less openly want to see the euro project fail does n't help either . 
  if it had been created properly in the first place , we 'd be fine with it . 
  but look at the mess !, 
   nobody doubts now that it is here to stay , draghi does n't have to say 5 times in 10 minutes that the euro is irreversible . 
  the exciting thing about history is that it is not certain . 
  in the event of a grexit , all bets are off . 
  there can be no modelling of the consequences . 
   the issue is political rather than economic . 
  there is no reason the eurozone could n't solve this tomorrow . 
  agreed . 
  there are many extremely wealthy countries in the eurozone . 
  if the political will was there they could pool all debts tomorrow . 
  the politics and the economics have never been aligned with the eurozone though ... 
   hahaha , we see what we want to eh . 
  you are agreeing with me . 
  your position is :  stupid half-assed implementation . 
  this is essentially the same thing that i am saying : design flaws . 
   any saving done when greece has the drachma will be very tepid indeed the last five years of saving greece inside the eurozone have already been worse than tepid . 
   i 'm merely emphasising that he 's coming at it from a biased position i 'm well aware that i am biased . 
  i 'm really not pretending otherwise . 
  however , to point out that the consequences of a grexit for the uk ( outside the euro and currently involved in a renegotiation and shortly to have a referendum ) are entirely different from the reurozone is not really something that shows bias . 
  it is plain common sense . 
   so what you 're saying is , britain does n't gain but some british people with an agenda do . 
  got it . 
  the uk government benefits .
