   or alcohol/tobacco smuggling need be made ? 
  it is already the case that the case that the uk and ireland have different excise duties on alcohol and tobacco . 
  it is already the case that the uk loses revenue because of this . 
  it is already the case that the uk still supports a common travel area . 
   i am afraid we 'll just have to continue this conversation when the thread `` sun puts blacks and tans on front page as warning to ireland '' is posted . 
  if you actually want to understand this issue , i would suggest that you read the report that i linked . 
  alternatively , if you want to pretend that there will be some gigantic problem so you can dream up sun headlines , i would suggest that you continue to ignore the report . 
  your choice . 
  thanks , i would have thought that spain would be further to the extremes with confrontation ? 
  ( i kid , i kid ! ), 
  there are currently no immigration controls between ireland and the uk , instead the uk and ireland have a common travel area . 
  this will continue . 
  [ i expect that customs will be carried out as outlined in the open europe report on this . 
  ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/intelligence/economic-policy-and-trade/nothing-to-declare-a-plan-for-uk-eu-trade-outside-the-customs-union/ ), 
   do you actually believe it implies any actual system the situation with the land border between uk and ireland is very different than the one between the gibraltar and spain , as i am sure you know . 
  for starters , ireland and the uk are in complete agreement over what they want . 
  they have also done extensive work to ensure it can be done under the law . 
  the only risk was that the eu would not allow it . 
  however , we now already know that the eu is going to allow it , because they have said so , in the eu council negotiation guidelines . 
  obviously , if the eu were to change its mind and to refuse to allow a soft border between the uk and ireland , against the wishes of both the uk and ireland , then of course there would be sun headlines . 
  fortunately , the eu is not that insane . 
  i have to simply repeat myself at this point : what is there actually to worry about in the case of the border between ireland and uk ? 
  are you actually worried that the eu will insist upon a hard border , when it has already said it does n't want one ? 
  the situation with the gibraltar/spain border is completely different because spain does not recognise the right of gibraltarians to self-determination . 
   sorry , i forgot . 
  `` frictionless border '' , already settled , nothing to worry about . 
  :p what is there to worry about ? 
  this is the eu 's position : `` in view of the unique circumstances on the island of ireland , flexible and imaginative solutions will be required , including with the aim of avoiding a hard border , while respecting the integrity of the union legal order . 
  in this context , the union should also recognise existing bilateral agreements and arrangements between the united kingdom and ireland which are compatible with eu law . '', 
  this is basically a copy and paste of the uk position . 
  so there will be a frictionless border . 
  which is what we brexiteers said there would be a year ago . 
   ireland 's feeling some of that `` dangerous game '' as well . 
  what is dangerous for ireland ? 
   may be they want to enter as an independent state ? 
  ( except they do n't , i suspect ... ) they are already not part of the uk have complete control over almost everything apart from the uk looking after their defence/foreign affairs . 
  could they look after their defence by themselves ? 
  who would they want to do this ? 
   you do realise spain 's and the uk 's definition of territorial waters do n't match up . 
  this is why the uk is so keen to go to the icj to make a final decision . 
   what the hell are they trying to achieve with this ? 
  the exact same thing that they were trying to achieve when they put references to gibraltar in the eu council 's draft guidelines following notification of article 50 . 
  trying to assert spanish sovereignty over gibraltar . 
  we have not gone back years at a time . 
  the economy is growing . 
   at times i feel you lot keep gibraltar around so the newspapers can have their little outrage every once in a while . 
  the decision over gibraltarian sovereignty is one for gibraltarians . 
  bernie can still win . 
   it cause a massive reduction in our currency strength the gbp is trading against the euro at a similar level to that which it was trading at in 2013 . 
  were you complaining then ? 
   and so far prices are slowly creeping upward inflation is close to the bank of england 's target . 
  the predictions of economists were that voting to leave the eu itself would cause a recession . 
   alright , it 's half our trade it is not half of our trade . 
   the amount of money going on tarrifs to europe , compared to european tarrifs coming to us is far larger . 
  no , you are wrong on this . 
  we import from the eu more than we export to the eu . 
   we only need a couple of per cent swing to cause massive recession just look at 2007 . 
  as you have correctly pointed out , being in the eu does not shield us from recessions . 
  however , we know that the people who predicted we would have a recession upon voting to leave the eu were wrong . 
   55 % of exports no , it is not 55 % of exports . 
   that is half our economy . 
  no , trade and economy are not the same thing . 
  44 % and declining . 
  of course , we will keep trading with them in any circumstance . 
   first should the gibraltarians want to get into a hostile relationship with spain ( and what concessions are they willing to give in order to avoid this ? ), 
  this is a choice for gibraltarians . 
  the one thing that gibraltarians are completely clear about is that they do not want spain to have any role in their sovereignty . 
   and secondly how many resources is gb willing to pour into it . 
  if a small island requires massive amounts of aid ( basically a ship or air bridge if spain goes straight into economic warfare mode ) because of decisions it itself made and which it can get out of if they so desire ( by stopping being a tax haven and giving into the spanish demands ) then should they ? 
  i think british people would be more than happy to give gibraltar aid to protect their interests , if that is what gibraltarians want . 
  i would certainly be happy to support them . 
   yeah but the eu is 60 % of our trade no , this is not the case . 
   the question is just , should you want to ? 
  quite obviously , the people that should decide how gibraltar should be taxed are gibraltarians . 
  they should also decide questions of their sovereignty . 
  the uk should respect the choices made by gibraltarians . 
  it is entirely not whataboutism to point out double standards . 
  general uninformed anti uk propaganda gets upvoted . 
  i was more disputing your claim that brexit was contained to the uk and the lse . 
  a ten per cent fall in milan is something that almost never happens , it is a colossal move . 
  note that italian bank stocks were hit especially hard . 
  i also agree with your earlier point that brexit was partly priced in , whereas le pen is not at all priced in . 
   hopefully uk troops wo n't be bored here . 
  hahahaha - i am sure not . 
   it 's such as shame you 're breaking up with us ( eu ) though , we love you . 
  :'( i know you do n't believe us , but we are not leaving europe . 
  we are creating a new special and deep relationship with you . 
  the last one became intolerable for us , so time to try again . 
  we love you too . 
   in the future , when a briton and a non-native speaker do n't understand each other , it is n't automatically the non-native speaker 's fault . 
  this has always been the case . 
  whenever you are speaking to someone in any scenario you need to try and speak in a way that ensures you are understood . 
  this is the basics of communication . 
   when would it bother you ? 
  when russia invades the baltics ? 
  what about parts of finland or gotland ? 
  or what about poland , slovakia , hungary and the czech republic , wake me up when they reach belgium . 
  ( i kid , i kid ... ), 
  hahaha - though i strongly recommend that eesti does not get shown round by france but instead listens to [ uk as we are your best friends now ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/uk-troops-arrive-in-estonia-for-major-nato-deployment ) ... 
   better or worse , brexit was contained mostly to the uk and the lse .
