  we do n't need to harmonise laws to have free trade . 
  we also should n't be thinking that trade within europe is better than trade with elsewhere in the world . 
  what we need is openness to new markets and a desire to reduce protectionism - that is what makes people freer and richer . 
  which , somewhere and somehow , the eu seems to have given up on with its rule changes on euro clearing . 
   as it is , unless we find something better than representative democracy , we will have to base our continued support for integration on what government we elect . 
  up to now , it has been pro-eu ones . 
  this is a risky strategy . 
  if there is no way of a mildly eusceptic government taking back some powers in a relatively flexible way ( as cameron wanted ) , then you may end up with a whole country coming out of the eu . 
  in the case of the uk , i think this will be done relatively painlessly . 
  but i think in some other countries you could end up eventually a real extremist in power . 
  greek debt also needs to be written off . 
  that is why i used the word unfortunately . 
  the thing that they need can not happen . 
   fair enough , but at the very least the nation states are more to blame for one simple reason : the eu has long since called for a proper fiscal union , in fact it wanted it from the outset of the eurozone . 
  it was the nation states who prevented this , so in the old tradition of neofunctionalism , something was seen as better than nothing , if only because a crisis like the financial one brought us closer to an actual fiscal union . 
  personally i do n't think we can really separate the eu from the member states as cleanly as you indicate . 
  the eu and the member states are part of the same whole . 
  there is n't an eu without member states . 
  in this way i think when you say you blame the member states , i think it means you are blaming the eu too . 
   i disagree with you , but only partly : create exactly what you stated for some states , and let others integrate . 
  while obviously some states can integrate more than others , i think we should also recognise that all states are subject to the ballot box and the right of a sovereign people to change their mind . 
  maybe france and germany today want to integrate further ? 
  tomorrow one of them might want to take back certain powers . 
   like germany who want the benefits of the euro but none of the fiscal solidarity it requires . 
  at some stage someone needs to stand up in the bundestag and say loudly and clearly what this really means so that the german people know . 
  it means huge amounts of money going south , over the alps . 
  then i guess we will find out what germans actually want . 
   we are engulfed in plenty of existential crisis . 
  while the eu has not solved them ( yet ) , all of them did categorically not originate in the eu as an institution . 
  i largely agree with you in relation to russia and the migrant crisis , but i do not agree with you at all in relation to the financial crisis . 
  while it is true that the trigger for the financial crisis was us sub-prime debt , there would have been a financial crisis in the eurozone even if the us sub-prime bomb had never gone off . 
  it was always going to happen . 
  blaming the us for things like the banking crisis in europe is just an excuse , the eu could have regulated itself better . 
  ultimately , the eu needs to take responsibility for putting in place a monetary union without a fiscal union , which is the main cause of the economic woes within the eurozone at the moment . 
  you can not blame the uk or the us or russia for that , it is a problem entirely of your own making and in the uk 's case we specifically warned you what would happen but you ignored us . 
  if you do not correctly diagnose these economic problems of your own making ( and the underlying political failures behind these ) you will never solve them . 
   at the very least , we must prevent the union to fall entirely ironically i think cameron had the right idea . 
  make it more flexible and relaxed . 
  get rid of things like ever closer union . 
  let powers flow back towards the nation states . 
  just focus on trade . 
  all this stuff like flags and anthems is pointless . 
   yet these things are being denied to us because of petty national squabblings even during these crisis . 
  i think euphiles need to be a bit careful of characterising the views of the member states as petty national squabblings . 
  there are people in some of these countries that want powers returned from the eu back to their national governments and want ultimate sovereignty not to lie with the eu . 
  this is an entirely acceptable political opinion . 
   however , i feel like western nations who are not yet spending their 2 % ( spain , germany , italy , belgium , the netherlands , etc. ), 
  do n't increse the spending because they do n't think russia or other countries present any threat to them . 
  we 've complained about those western nations for years . 
  [ they 're a weak lot , some of them in europe you know . 
  weak . 
  feeble . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbngygwadym )  i find this disheartening to be honest . 
  yes , me too . 
  i think a lot of people in the west do n't really understand what life was like behind the iron curtain or how important it is that the east stays liberal democracies . 
  i think the uk ( and perhaps to a lesser extent netherlands , norway and denmark ) are really the only western european countries that are concerned about russia . 
  yeah , i agree that romania 's strategic location means that it is very important to nato . 
  the good thing about romania reaching 2 % though is not just about romania , it is about nato as a whole being more credible . 
  for one thing , romania will be better able to contribute to the defence and security of other nato partners , especially baltics . 
  for another thing , hopefully other nato partners will see romania being serious and be inspired to raise their spending . 
  for a third thing , it will mean that big nato players ( us mainly , but also uk and france ) will be more committed to nato and taxpayers here will not mind paying our own contribution to nato , because we wo n't think there are freeloaders . 
   i 'm also happy that we can finally step out of the uncertain `` if you do n't spend x you wo n't get any back up '' zone . 
  i do think that the nato guarantee should be unconditional , but it is very annoying when some countries do not take nato seriously . 
  taking it seriously means paying for it . 
  shout out to estonia , poland and greece who are all already spending 2 % gdp on defence . 
   probably good for the southern economies unfortunately they really need a devaluation against the northern eurozone economies . 
  this is really welcome news . 
  hopefully other nato allies agree to this . 
   of course you 're also talking bullshit as usual , the eu is in a constant process aimed at improving and `` perfecting '' the common market ? 
  it would be great if it really did improve things , but look at the level of economic growth and unemployment in parts of the eu and wonder if it really is working . 
   its amazing to see your hypocrisy however , in the past few months you 've changed your issues with the eu more than a chameleon changes color in a day . 
  this kind of language really is designed to insult . 
  surely you would prefer to be able to debate with people without trying to insult them ? 
   it 's politics . 
  i know , for you it is politics . 
  for me it is economics . 
  again , this comes down to the whole unhappy history of the uk in the eu which we have debated for decades . 
  for us the reason why we joined the eu in the first place was economics . 
  the british people never liked the political aspects of the eu . 
  all we ever wanted was free trade and a market . 
  i know , we misunderstood the deal from the start . 
  do n't be surprised that we will misunderstand the deal when we exit too and continue just to focus on the economic aspects ...  this might be what you or others want honestly , i do n't really have an opinion about whether or not the eu continues to exist ( and i actually think this view is shared by the vast majority of people who voted `` leave '' in the uk ) . 
  i just want the uk not to be in it . 
  whether other countries are in it or not is really up to them and i do n't think it is for me to tell them how to run their own countries . 
  if they want the eu to continue , fine . 
  in that case my strong preference is for the uk to peacefully co-exist with the eu . 
  however , i think that the eu is playing an incredibly dangerous game if it sees this only in `` lose / lose '' terms . 
  this is not how the uk see it , we think we can get a `` win / win '' . 
  if the eu 's position is that it is prepared to harm its own economic interests in order to ensure that the uk is also harmed , then people in the uk will start to think that peaceful co-existence with the eu is not possible . 
  we will have no choice but to try and undermine the eu . 
  i also think this shows a real lack of confidence in the eu . 
  surely you want people to be members because it is a good thing in itself , not just because `` bad things will happen if you leave '' ? 
  are n't you risking more problems in the future ? 
   i see . 
  however , is n't the real question not so much about whether or not it can be done cheaper than in london , but whether or not it can still be done sufficiently cheap within the eurozone once restrictions have been made ? 
  any increase in the cost of clearing for market participants will impact the amount of activity that takes place . 
  it is very hard to predict how the markets will react to this ( as financial markets are a complex econsystem of many moving parts with spill-over effects ) . 
   from this , we see that once we are ready to conduct business we only need to make it sufficiently profitable . 
  it need not be maximally profitable . 
  i think this is the wrong way of looking at things .
