  the balancing line between competing rights in my mind might find better expression at the national level , with the national parliament having final say . 
   i thought the anglosphere was big on individual rights and individuality . 
  the us is big on `` rights '' . 
  the uk is big on `` liberties '' . 
  we 're both big on indviduality . 
  i do n't think the echr is really something that is connected to individuality . 
   i do n't know if you saw my edit so i 'll link this overview of uk echr cases again i took a look ( and thanks ) but unfortunately these two sentence summaries of the relevant cases told me nothing at all . 
  as a lawyer , i would really need more information before i could come to a view about it . 
   how exactly would alternative legislation succeed in those cases ? 
  national courts would apply national legislation . 
  do you think this does n't currently work in canada and australia and new zealand ? 
   ah yes , david cameron 's bootstraps brigade . 
  i do n't follow ? 
   downvoting you is not a breach of rediquette . 
  i am being downvoted because of my opinion . 
  read the community rules and guidelines . 
   yes , you do . 
  you think that `` the uk 's net payments start to become grossly unfair in comparison to other countries '' . 
  yes , this is not the same as saying that every country should get out what they put in . 
  i have said that the uk should be a net contributor ( which it is ) . 
  by definition this means it puts in more than it gets out . 
   the uk is not subsidizing french agriculture , the eu is subsidizing eu agriculture ( for a host of reasons ) . 
  you are proposing that the uk does n't get the rebate any more . 
  this would effectively mean a tranfer of money from the uk to france . 
   if we were to subsidize fishing , then the landlocked countries would receive nothing either ... and that would n't be because we would hate the czechs and austrians , but that 's just where the seas are . 
  and france happens to be where the farmers are . 
  start farming more , and you 'll get more . 
  it would be a huge mistake to subsidise fishing , just as it is a huge mistake to subsidise farming . 
   a typical case of projection , with your jealousy of france . 
  i love france , i am a massive francophile . 
  you do seem to hate the uk though . 
   if you think that the cap should be modified to be more generous for poor countries , be my guest to propose in the ep . 
  because that 's how you fix bad laws , not by sulking in the corner . 
  the best thing to actually help real poor countries in africa would be to get rid of the cap altogether and trade freely with them . 
  that is what the uk should propose . 
  hopefully when the uk pulls out of the eu we will do that . 
   you 've just been arguing that you were n't getting enough out of the eu deal , and now you 're arguing that you 're so wealthy you do n't need help ? 
  see my other respnse . 
   you 've been arguing that the uk could easily afford disaster assistance and therefore did n't need eu money , but at the same time argue that their contribution to the eu is way too expensive . 
  that does not compute . 
  my argument against the disaster assistance is that this money should go to poorer countries , rather than richer countries . 
  poorer countries , by definition need disaster assistance more than richer countries . 
  in relation to the eu budget , my argument is that it should be , as between different countries , equitable . 
  that means that the net payments should reflect gdp of countries and net benefits . 
   you 're in favour of furthering your own interests by any means , even if cooperation should be necessary , let 's phrase it that way . 
  it clears things up . 
  all countries are in favour of furthering their interests . 
  you presumably believe that your country should further its interests too ? 
   so there was no political consciousness , and suddenly there was one , and you obviously think it turned out okay . 
  why not give the eu the same chance ? 
  the political consciouness that developed did not supplant existing political consciounesses that were reluctant to be supplanted . 
  this is different from the case of the uk and the eu . 
  so the uk should pull out . 
  you get to have your federal superstate . 
  and we get soverignty . 
  we both win :-), 
   many of them are uneducated or do n't follow the news about this kind of stuff , and even if they do it 's preferable to being jobless and living with the parents back home . 
  many of them are also highly educated professionals in graduate positions , choosing to move to the uk for professional reasons . 
  i think my point stands , that what is really important to most people is being able to work ( and this is something most europeans who move to the uk can do within a couple of weeks if they put their mind to it ) . 
  that matters to most people far more than their country not having indicated that it will pull out of the echr and enact alternative domestic legislation . 
   the difference is that plenty of brits see that as some kind of plot to keep them down , while it 's just the natural consequences of being member of a large-scale union . 
  really ? 
  i think it 's just a cost : benefit analysis . 
  for the uk , the costs of being in the eu outweigh the benefits . 
  particularly if the uk 's net payments start to become grossly unfair in comparison to other countries , as you seem to be suggesting should happen by ending the uk 's rebate . 
   do n't shift the goalposts , you 're not in favour of more cooperation - you even want to dial it back - that is different from being against any cooperation . . only north korea would qualify for that label . 
  i 'm not shifting the goalposts . 
  i am in favour of more co-operation , where it makes sense , with the entire world . 
   sure , they had . 
  why did they have different names otherwise ? 
  the names of the english ceremonial counties ( and places generally ) evolved gradually , sometimes describing a particular geographical feature , sometimes describing the name of a family who lived there etc. 
  different names are not indicative of different political consciousnesses . 
   canada and australia have proper judicial constitutional review of legislation , the uk does n't . 
  under current uk human rights legislation , there is quasi judicial review of human rights legislation ( see [ s4 of the human rights act ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1998/42/section/4 ) . 
  i envisage something similar in any british bill of rights . 
   would you support judicial review too , or is that too much against parliamentary sovereignty ? 
  in the uk parliament is sovereign . 
  obviously , we have judicial review in relation to the actions of the state , but not in relation to primary legislation as it is enacted . 
  personally i am comfortable , given the uk 's history and temperament , with parliament having ultimate sovereignty . 
  i think to the extent parliament is enacting legislation that contravenes any british bill of rights , they should do so expressly . 
  then ultimately it will be up to the electorate to respond . 
   2 ) why settle for ok , when you can have better ? 
  what i want is better . 
  i think the uk will get something better outside the echr . 
  you and i probably mean something else by `` better '' . 
   3 ) i think all the british people that have managed to protect their rights against the actions of the british government thanks to the echr , the majority of whom i 'd wager are not criminals , would probably disagree that you would `` manage just right '' . 
  when it comes to rights , i 'd rather err on the side of caution , even if it leads to some decisions you might not like . 
  can you give me some examples of british people that won cases against the british government who would n't win them if the uk pulled out of the echr and enacted alternative legislation ? 
  ultimately i trust the uk parliament to enact legislation that british people want . 
  i am not proposing that the uk has no human rights legislation at all . 
   but abandoning an instrument for protecting human rights that has existed for half a century and that no other european democracy has a problem with is seriously lunacy and a disgrace . 
  there 's the rest of the world out there . 
  many countries outside europe manage just fine with their human rights and are nothing to do with the echr . 
  the uk will just be like one of those other countries in the world . 
   the whole point of the echr and the court is to have something independent from your national regime and your state apparatus in case the national regime fails . 
  abandoning echr means removing this crucial safeguard . 
  canada seems to manage ok outside the echr . 
  so does new zealand . 
  so does australia . 
  these countries all have traditions of liberties that are entrenched .
