  leaving the eu will benefit the uk . 
  there is a multiplicity of opinion and the press are not shy to criticize power and the government . 
  our press is free to criticize the eu . 
  you might wish our press was not free to criticize the eu . 
  if you actually look at the interview in which farage said he admired putin , you will see that he does not like putin and specifically mentioned that putin had locked up many journalists . 
  every country in the eu has diplomatic relations with china and trades with them . 
  not just the uk . 
  no , the u.s. is richer than the eu . 
  why would the uk impose tariffs ? 
  the uk believes in free trade and has done for centuries . 
  would the rest of the eu impose tariffs on the uk ? 
  if it did this simply demonstrates the misguided protectionist nature of the eu . 
  the uk should not be chained to a protectionist block . 
  the u.k. will be more competitive outside the eu : just like the other more competitive economies of the world who are not in the eu . 
  it is n't nationalistic to want to leave the eu : it is about returning democracy where it belongs : where the demos lies . 
  farage does not want close links with china and russia . 
  do n't be absurd . 
  the eu wants to become a federalised state . 
  it is far more than a trade agreement , it already has all the trappings of a state . 
  i 'm afraid by calling it a common trade block you show your ignorance about it . 
  the idea that the people are unable to vote on it is absurd . 
  the scottish people were clearly capable of voting on independence and that raised profoundly complex questions on things like currency , pensions , national debt , position within the eu , position within nato and so forth . 
  the eu is not the richest part of the world . 
  distance adds little to costs , particularly exports like financial and professional services , for which distance is irrelevant and is the heart of the uk economy . 
  i do n't know why you are mentioning tariffs . 
  i do n't think the uk should impose tariffs on any imports . 
  what i wrote has nothing to do with calais . 
  quite obviously , the u.k. a should not have open borders to anyone . 
  france should n't either , but you should probably speak to your president about that . 
  in a globalised world , geography is not destiny . 
  obviously , the u.k. a should not focus its trade on one small corner of the globe , but should trade with as much of the world as possible . 
  yes , this is a good idea . 
  more referendums are necessary on the eu . 
  no , we have a free press ( thankfully ) in which there is a plurality of opinion reprensented , which you would expect in a liberal and open democracy . 
  it is right that we choose whether or not to stay in the eu . 
  were you also against the scottish referendum on independence ? 
  the bail-in system makes sense conceptually , however the eu 's resolution system for eurozone banks is so unweildy that i fear it might not work well in practice . 
  if you look into british electoral history , scots have not always voted labour . 
  also the tories have not always been in power . 
  i 'm not aware of them having an effect . 
  there is a free market in news and people choose the news they want : it strikes me that the tabloids reflect opinion rather than lead it . 
  before believing that the tabloids have an effect i would need some evidence . 
  we 'll be fine thanks . 
  lots of economies do fine that are not in the eu . 
  i see this view here a lot . 
  i do n't personally read the tabloids myself . 
  i read each day about ten different news sources from various political slants , languages , countries . 
  i do n't feel bull-shitted myself . 
  i also think an agressive press is one of the best safe-guards a modern democracy has . 
  i am glad when the government is afraid of the press . 
  that 's how it should be in my mind . 
  i have a lot of respect for the german constitutional court . 
  what works in one country does not always transfer well into another country . 
  i think the uk is the kind of country where it is better to have absolute parliamentary sovereignty !, 
  this is all very sensible . 
  yes , the european commission does come out with a lot of bullshit , which is one of the main reasons why taxpayers money should not used for them to campaign in this referendum . 
  it is a poor use of money and their bullshit interferes in our democracy . 
  there is of course bullshitting in the press . 
  however , the good thing about our current age is that we have very many very cheap other news sources at an instant . 
  we can also fact check ourselves much more easily . 
  yes , we have a free press in the uk ( fortunately ) . 
  cross border trade does not increase with sharing a currency . 
  access to capital depends on credit-worthiness rather than currency . 
  investment depends on rate of return and security of investment . 
  unfortunately the euro has caused devastating consequences for many people in europe , with low growth and high unemployment . 
  i find it odd that the eu elites want to cause so much misery in pursuit of their vanity project . 
  the uk has more in common with countries like australia , new zealand , canada and united states than in does with most of europe . 
  hopefully we will leave the eu as soon as possible . 
  you might want a federal europe , but i prefer democracy . 
  as a matter of principle , the eu commission should not be spending money on this referendum . 
  it is an interference in our national democracy . 
  quite why you think monetary union would be a gain to bulgaria when it has not been a gain to so many other countries is a mystery to me . 
  having one 's own currency is a good thing . 
  bulgarians are capable of having their own currency . 
  stop talking bulgarians down !, 
   you do know the us wants the uk in the eu right ? 
  you 'd be sacrificing your relationship with the us by leaving the eu . 
  they like having a foot inside the door at the eu . 
  like having a little lap dog telling you what is going on . 
  the current u.s. administration wants the uk in the eu . 
  this is not a reason for the uk to be in the eu . 
  the u.k. should follow british interests . 
   yeah language . 
  in terms of political systems , monarchy , political values and sports our political system is n't particularly european . 
  the westminster system of government is more common out of europe than in it . 
  the monarchy is something the uk shares with canada , australia and new zealand and the other commonwealth realms . 
  our legal system is also something shared with the angloaphere . 
  in terms of political values , the u.k. shares some things with western europe and others with the anglosphere . 
  likewise with sports , our main sports are football , rugby and cricket . 
   to deny that a split up of the eu would not weaken us is just plain wrong . 
  there is a reason russia would like nothing more than the eu crumbling . 
  the eu is n't splitting . 
  the uk will leave , but turkey can join instead . 
  you can still have your federal eu if you want that . 
  no need for the uk to be involved thanks . 
  most zero hours contracts give you a lot of flexibility . 
  when i was a student it was incredibly convenient . 
  the us are n't going to put muscle us . 
  the u.s. and uk share military and intelligence extremely closely . 
  why would we sacrifice this relationship for one with european countries ?
