  to me the idea of anglish is simply an interesting theoretical game - imagining what language might have been . 
   to sum it up , what you 're saying is that you 'd want ( and implicitly trust ) your government to make policy decisions on their own , without any other type of external perusal . 
  actually , the power to legislate is parliament 's , not the government 's . 
  the external perusal are the voters and the free press . 
  this is normal in a democracy . 
  you are presumably happy for new zealand , canada and australia to legislate in this way ? 
  why not the uk ? 
  i 'm not saying this will always lead to my preferred outcome , but i prefer it to the eu system . 
  as for seeing things through more eyes - legislation and regulation in the uk does not happen in secret . 
  it is debated in public and faces open consultation . 
   that is literally the biggest improvement you could come up with , at the cost of sacrificing the privilege of the legal services industry and financial markets access to all of the eu ? 
  weighing these things equally is absurd . 
  it is n't the biggest improvement . 
  it is the only improvement you really responded to . 
  more important is allowing easy access of global securities to the uk exchanges by allowing issuers to use prospectuses drawn up in the legislation of their own country . 
  cross border retail markets are tiny . 
  i do n't have a link as i am on the phone but read the european commission 's own study on this . 
   no , consumers are retail clients ; institutional investors are institutional investors . 
  the argument is as dumb as can be . 
  hedge funds are invincible , no regulation required . 
  under the prospectus directive even prospectuses for securities which are listed and aimed at hedge funds require the future incorporation of reference of financials . 
  this is pointless . 
  however , i also think that requiring future financials to be incorporated in a retail prospectus is unnecessary . 
  it would be better if issuers were simply able to state which website the financials could be found on . 
   what about those retail clients ? 
  cross border retail bond markets are tiny . 
   the largest bond market , the one you are presumably talking about is , incidentally , in luxembourg . 
  currently uk , ireland and luxembourg approve a similar amount of bond prospectuses . 
  but if the uk makes the listing process easier , there will be more in the uk . 
   facts do n't matter to you . 
  are you trying to debate this in a polite way ? 
  saying things like facts do n't matter to you is quite rude . 
   what kind of regulation are you thinking about ? 
  pharmaceuticals ? 
  consumer safety standards ? 
  labour rights ? 
  financial regulations ? 
  i am afraid i do n't know very much about pharmaceutical regulation or consumer safety standards , but in areas i do know about , labour rights and financial regulation , i am talking about these being regulated by the uk rather than the eu . 
  however , i do n't really accept that pharm or consumer reg is n't political ( even though it is less clearly political than something like labour law ) . 
  there are clearly political aspects . 
   take italy for example . 
  they have a clear division in their country despite being able to shape their own policies for over 100 years now . 
  do you think the italian south would be any better off on their own ? 
  personally i think italy would be better off with its own currency . 
  i am not saying that the only issue facing southern europe is the eu , there are clearly other issues . 
  however , whenever anyone talks about labour protections , it is important to consider the full picture ( which is not just the protections of people in work , but how many people are in work ) . 
   you just arbitrarily draw a line at the nation state for some reason and proclaim it to be the ideal size when it comes to regulation and policy the line is n't arbitrary , it is the line at which i think democracy functions best . 
   despite there being ample evidence that nations are n't able to handle their internal divisions if a nation is not able to handle internal divisions then perhaps it should not govern itself . 
  but i think the uk can handle internal divisions . 
   i think we can meet in the middle here and say it 's open to interpretation . 
  i saw it as him , and the wider tory party , playing up the fact that sadiq khan was a muslim of pakistani descent . 
  but , maybe i 'm just being over-sensitive calling someone racist is in my mind a serious accusation . 
  i do n't think it should be done lightly . 
  i think specific and precise evidence is needed before we call people racists . 
   but richmond park saw zac goldsmith turn a majority of 23,000 to a loss by nearly 2,000 votes . 
  i ca n't see that as being a swing towards leave we know that at the date of the referendum 72 . % per cent of people in richmond supported remain . 
  we know that in the by-election last week 50 % of people in richmond supported olney . 
  50 % is a lot smaller number than 72 % . 
   including future statements by reference , and old recipe for abuse actually , i do n't see why this is abusive . 
  it would relate to financial statements which companies already have an obligation to publish . 
  formally incorporating them by reference into a prospectus is pointless regulation . 
   which specifically go against what you seem to advocate for later , consumer protection and good regulation . 
  the consumers you are talking about in this scenario are typically funds and institutional investors . 
  they really do n't need their hands held . 
   also for someone who works in the field you seem to have a hard time to understand how passporting works ; it 's , stupid , irrelevant , and dangerous , to simply accept prospectuses made under foreign laws actually , the extent to which it is dangerous depends on how they are regulated . 
  the uk would be free to choose which regimes it thought were sufficiently sensible and could include the eu ( which i would propose ) . 
  this would be completely sensible because it would encourage listings on uk markets and diversify the investments available to uk investors . 
   what matters is that uk prospectuses are accepted in the eu but uk issuers will already be able to access wholesale bond markets in the eu because of the wholesale debt exemption under article 3 of the pd . 
  a prospectus is not required . 
   that argument is on the whole very confused , and to be honest , amounts to nothing but a bit of incoherent criticism actually i identified specific flaws with the regulation . 
   ( ie cutting off uk legal services and uk prospectuses from the eu market ) i work in uk legal services . 
  english law is still going to be the governing law of the eurobond market . 
  there is no such thing as a market for prospectuses , there is simply a market for securities ( which is , effectively , a global market ) . 
  also , the uk will not be cut off from the eu market . 
  the uk can , for example , decide that any prospectus published in the eu can still be used in the uk ( which would be sensible ) . 
  i think he got the tone of the campaign wrong ( and really i am far from being a fan of his ) , but that really is not the same as saying he was racist or willing to use racist sentiment . 
  in the referendum , `` remain '' won in richmond with 72.3 % . 
  in the by-election , sarah olney got 49.7 % . 
  if you view this purely through brexit terms ( which i personally do not think makes sense ) then on those numbers there was a swing to leave . 
   with a racist leave mp you need to learn not to just call people racists when they are not racists . 
  have you learnt nothing from the last few months ? 
   seems unlikely that may will be able to keep her current march deadline i think she will keep to it . 
  if she wins in the courts , she can do it whenever she wants . 
  if she loses , it seems that labour will not stand in her way in the hoc . 
   add on the possibility of the lords delaying for a year i had feared this , but on reflection i do n't think the hol will object to something passed by the hoc and voted for by the british public . 
  also , may has the nuclear option of filling the hol with new leave supporting peers . 
   what about the prospectus directive though ? 
  ultimately it has become outdated and overly complex . 
  for example the summary regime is awful ( and does not succeed in its purpose of helping retail investors ) as is the regime for final terms ( which again obscures rather than informs ) . 
  it also does not allow incorporation by reference of future financial information . 
  or supplementing securities note information . 
   all the pieces you named are heavily influenced by the uk and especially by uk common law and precedents . 
  typically uk proposes the framework and then esma adds a bunch of rts and its which are extremely process driven rather than outcomes focused . 
   changing it means uk prospectuses , and the law firms creating them , will no longer be relevant in the eu market . 
  actually , i do n't think that is right . 
  for example most debt securities issuance is wholesale which is pd exempt . 
  outside the prospectus regime , the uk can think about this regulation in a more radical way . 
  or , for example , we can decide to allow offers and listings in the uk that are compliant with equivalent legislation in other jurisdictions ( which could help the uk market ) . 
   you know the main barrier to trade is n't tariffs , its regulation , which tends to be different in different countries . 
  the main accomplishment of the eu is the limited harmonization and mutual recognition of regulation .
