   as such - both sides essentially expect the other to conform to their own expectations but both sets are mututally exclusive . 
  and so we have a mexican standoff . 
  what happens next ? 
  the downvotes . 
   it 's all a big farce . 
  your leaders are lying through their teeth . 
  do n't tell me you do n't know that . 
  you are in the denial stage of grief . 
  anger will be next . 
  we are leaving the eu . 
  this is good news . 
  goodbye europe - it 's been real !, 
  i think if germany calls the shots by itself then people in other countries are less likely to realise that their own government is not part of the decision making process , because germany does at least try to do this kind of thing quite discreetly , because it is a bit embarrassed . 
  france is not a very discreet country . 
  fillon will be shouting from the rooftops about how relevant france is . 
  people in other countries might realise and be annoyed . 
   what is the alternative ? 
   secondly - the eu as a whole works better if it is the tandem ( fra-ger ) calling the shots and not just germany . 
  i am not convinced that this will work better . 
  if anything , i think there is a risk that it will appear more obvious that there are favoured nations and the others . 
  i see constant franco-german meetings and joint statements as the kind of thing that will go down very badly in e.g. 
  the netherlands ... 
  there already is a control group in relation to the single currency . 
  that was the point i was making . 
  it showed that the single currency was a mistake . 
   you just have to pretend to live in france for 5 years . 
  lol, 
   despite the re-migration westwards , the european commission sees the relocation scheme as a success , said giedrius sudikas , spokesman for the commission 's office in lithuania . 
  if this is a success , what would a failure look like i wonder ? 
   we were told some of the effects would happen merely as a result of a vote to leave . 
  i am really proud of the way that the british people , in the privacy of the polling booth , reflected on all the warnings they had received and on 40 years of eu membership , and held firm and voted leave . 
  i was worried that people would believe the bullshit , but they did n't . 
   he was created by decades of anti-eu fake news in your media , which your public lapped up . 
  farage was n't really created by the media . 
  he just did n't like the uk 's membership of the eu by himself . 
  not everyone 's opinions can be explained by the media . 
   you unleashed this shit on the world , deliberately too . 
  what shit ? 
  i ca n't see any shit caused by brexit . 
  what are speaking about ( specifically ) ? 
   in all likelihood , it will only make the eu stronger and france more powerful within the eu as a result . 
  it certainly will not make the eu stronger . 
  it might make france more powerful within the eu but if france does anything with that power the eu will become less stable . 
  a majority of eu countries do n't share a similar vision to france for the eu . 
   since we voted to leave gdp growth increased faster and unemployment is at an 11 year low , the number of people in employment is at a historic high . 
  consumer confidence is at the highest level for 14 years . 
  be careful , this kind of good news triggers people . 
   norway model was touted extensively during referendum , to be fair . 
  remain consistently criticised it . 
  leave ignored it at first , but were at the end bounced into saying it was the wrong deal for the uk . 
   then you could ask your political allies to stop shrieking gleefully over twitter whenever some poor economic results comes out in a eurozone country when it benefits precisely no-one . 
  personally i think that freedom of speech and the ability to hold policy makers to account for poor economic results is incredibly important in a democracy . 
  ultimately this kind of criticism should be constructive though - i.e. 
  pointing out that the eurozone is currently unstable and needs either to become a fiscal union or be disbanded . 
   from what i have seen over the last few years , those behind the leave campaign and associated movements have a very different idea to mine of what ` changing for the better ' is . 
  i agree . 
  though note that among people that want to remain in the eu and other euphiles generally there is no consensus which is one of the reasons behind institutional deadlock over recent years and inability to move forward . 
   farage is parading all over the world promoting the destruction of the eu . 
  farage speaks for himself . 
  he does not speak for the uk government , or for me or for people that voted to leave the eu generally . 
  remember that farage only ever got 4 million votes , yet 17 million people voted to leave the eu . 
  in the long run brexit will cause either the eu to change ( for the better ) or france will leave ( and do better ) . 
   i never understood this ideological hatred against the eu . 
  i am mainly concerned with the uk leaving the eu . 
  if greece wants to be in the eu , that is greece 's business . 
   if denial is your way of coping , fair play to you . 
  i 'm not in denial here . 
  i am essentially just quoting from craig oliver 's book , unleashing demons , which discussed referendum tactics from remain 's side . 
  all evidence showed them that only project fear worked . 
  when they tried to show positives about the eu , it increased the share of the votes for leave . 
   if a financial company does n't have an office in london already , it 's hard to see why they would want one in the future . 
  it is not just about having an office in london , it is about doing business with london . 
   we are still friends and i respect thier desire for sovereignity , no need to be all butthurt about it . 
  you must be new here . 
   the good things the eu has done this argument wo n't work which is why nobody used it during the referendum campaign . 
  the only argument which worked was project fear . 
  now that the uk economy is doing fine after the vote , i suspect that that one will stop working too . 
   the eu companies with a presence in london are already there , they wo n't need to open anything . 
  technically there are a lot of eu companies that do not have a presence in london and yet they do business in london on the basis of a financial passport . 
  however , i suspect that the uk will continue to let them do business in the uk after brexit because that would be in the uk 's interests . 
  if you want to have a financial centre , you have to be open to finance . 
   you ca n't regulate one into being it will be entertaining to watch them try though . 
   who ever claimed the eu was just about trade ? 
  uk politicians for the last 50 years . 
   everyone with any knowledge of the eu thinks it 's a bad idea not really . 
  plenty of people with a vast knowledge of the eu are glad about brexit . 
   the polls suggest currently over 50 % want to stay now not really . 
  [ there is no evidence to suggest that people want to remain in the eu . 
  ] ( http://whatukthinks.org/eu/questions/in-highsight-do-you-think-britain-was-right-or-wrong-to-vote-to-leave-the-eu/ )  and a large majority of the democratically elected representatives in parliament are against leaving . 
  they were against leaving . 
  now they have changed their mind . 
  your post is a really interesting one but :  the eu stands to benefit from a control group . 
  this is a bit like saying that the eu stands to benefit from a referendum . 
  it is only true if people vote in a particular way or if a particular result occurs in the experiment . 
   but if i 'm wrong that would be sufficient evidence for me to stop being an ` euphile ' . 
  that is a rational position to take . 
  but , think about it . 
  we have already enough evidence of the euro and the uk being a control group . 
  what is your conclusion here ? 
  have you stopped being a europhile ?
