   no requirements for a regulator to specifically look into this . 
  in fact , i believe it might still be perfectly acceptable for them to pump up a recommendation if they are paid for it . 
  this is very far from the truth . 
  regulators across the world have spent masses amount of time investigating the conduct of ratings agencies . 
  the regulatory framework within which ratings agencies now operate has changed dramatically ( and this causes those lawyers who advise in this area a massive headache ) . 
  you can read all about new credit rating agency regulation on [ esma 's website ] ( http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/cra-documents ) . 
  you can read all about the eu 's borrowing arrangements in [ the s and p press announcement ] ( http://www.standardandpoors.com/prot/ratings/articles/en/us/?articletype=html&amp;assetid=1245362077132 ) . 
  if he did n't make the comment then both libel and privacy would be relevant . 
  privacy is an issue if the newspaper publish details about his address and job and photo without his consent . 
  the fact that they got the wrong man if anything makes the invasion of privacy worse rather than better . 
  got ta love reddit for upvoting anti-semitism . 
  well - i am kinda now hoping this one does go to court as i think it will be interesting to see the outcome !, 
  also , any judgment would have significant implications for this kind of investigative journalism . 
   your tribes stone-age branding on their genitals i take it you think i am jewish or a muslim ? 
  actually , i am not . 
  i find your language to be disgusting anti-semitism . 
  i think though here the key issue is not freedom of the press . 
  it is whether or not there was a breach of privacy . 
  ( anyway , that 's how i would argue it if i had to . ), 
   i do n't think it 's fair to generalize anglophone newspaper culture to the rest of the world . 
  agreed . 
  the uk press is particularly agressive . 
   yes , newspapers are a business and their purpose is to make a profit , but lawyers are notoriously expensive , let alone what the outcome what the case would bring . 
  most likely ( and again speculation ) the newspaper would have used its in-house lawyers so they would not have incurred fees for any advice . 
  also , a newspaper like expressen can afford to go to court and lose sometimes . 
  [ a couple of minutes ] ( http://www2.dailyroxette.com/node/910.html ) on google [ shows examples of expressen ] ( http://www.danowsky.se/en/nyheter/hogsta-domstolen-meddelar-provningstillstand-i-rdquo-vapenmalet-rdquo/ ) fighting in the courts - [ and sometimes losing ] ( http://rixstep.com/1/20120305,00.shtml ) . 
  i really think in this case that concluding that because they published something it was lawful for them to publish it is a bit of a leap of faith . 
  i think you 're right in terms of the criminal law . 
  the burden of broof in civil trials is much lower and the tests for `` causation '' are much lower , so i think that there would potentially be a case . 
   that they printed it is a strong indicator that the lawyers said it was ok . 
  i doubt the newspaper would risk it otherwise . 
  what your private clients do is another matter , but there would be pretty strong safeguards in place at the newspaper to prevent anything serious getting through . 
  it 's an indicator rather than a fact . 
  it means that the lawyers might have said this conduct is definitely okay . 
  or they might have said it is sailing pretty close to the wind and it is hard to know how a court would judge this case ( and i think this is probable ) or they might have said it is probably illegal but in our experience enforcement action is unlikely to be taken . 
  newspapers are notorious for prioritising sales over the law . 
  look at the uk newspapers . 
   with respect to this thread , the newspaper is not responsible for the bombings . 
  are the two events linked ? 
  possibly . 
  but in no way does that push any part of the burden of responsibility for the bombing onto the newspaper . 
  i doubt you could find anyone reasonably versed in law that could successfully argue the point before a court of law . 
  as a lawyer , i would argue that it was reasonably forseeable that the publication of someone 's pictures and address could lead to a backlash . 
  and do you know why i would argue that ? 
  because it actually was foreseen on the reddit thread . 
  people speculated that it might happen and it did . 
  the newspapers should have forseen that . 
  i 'm not saying this is a strong case against the newspapers , but it would not be struck out of court . 
  i 'd say the newspapers would n't have criminal liability for the bombing , but they might have tortious liability towards the man that got bombed . 
   i based that on the fact that the newspapers lawyers gave the editors the a-ok to publish it . 
  i will take that fact as the best example that there was no reasonable expectation of privacy for those posting it . 
  which fact ? 
  we 're all speculating about what the newspapers lawyers said . 
  we 've no idea what advice went where or what it said . 
  as a lawyer i am regularly advising people that conduct is against the law and you know what ? 
  they sometimes go ahead and do it anyway , because they take the view that the advantages to them of the unlawful conduct exceed the disadvantages . 
  as a lawyer , straight when i heard about what the newspaper had done it struck me as likely a breach of privacy obligations . 
  perhaps their lawyers got their ducks in a row , perhaps they did n't . 
  but we 're speculating . 
  a surprisingly pragmatic and sensible position from the spanish government . 
  the key point from spain 's perspective is that scotland will have to re-apply to join the eu and that all member states will have to accept it . 
   it is . 
  according to whom ? 
  this is why i find the whole human rights debate depressing . 
  anyone can claim anything is a human right . 
  human rights debates eventually come down to a balancing of competing rights . 
  i suppose this argument comes down to which right is more important : the right of jews to freedom of religion and family life , or the `` right '' of a baby to bodily integrity . 
  in my mind the former right must be more important . 
   i 'm not going to get into that debate . 
  it is plain not possible to have this debate without discussing jews . 
  nato were n't really needed though . 
  bodily integrity is not a human right , though , is it ? 
  the idea that the council of europe thinks it 's within its gift to ban something as harmless as male circumcision - knowing that it has been practiced with no ill-effects by major world religions for centuries - is frankly repulsive . 
  which human right does this stance defend ? 
  typical total waste of tax payers money . 
  i can not understand why the council of europe should even spend their time and our money considering this issue . 
  why does the council of europe even need to have a stance on this ? 
  do n't they have better things to be doing ? 
   i think that really is n't true . 
  but , how exactly would you like the rest ` to give a shit ? ', 
  i guess they wanted either gifts , rather than loans , or a monetary policy that would suit portugal rather than one that suits germany . 
   but the actual economy is what families do to make a living , and rekindling economic activity should concentrate on what happens there . 
  i 'm not sure if you understand the difference between macroeconomics and microeconomics . 
  even if the behaviour we would be trying to affect is primarily `` what families do '' , the policy tools to change this behaviour are very much a question of macroeconomics rather than microeconomics . 
  i reckon they could turn on the dutch maybe , once we brits vote out . 
  i think english lawyers like me think that all common law jurisdictions ( basically commonwealth ) are the same , but we 're very afraid of the civil law !, 
  that surprises me that spain has no law of starting again after personal bankruptcy !, 
  thanks for letting me know !, 
  i wonder what the public policy reason for this is ? 
  hmmmmm . 
  i will have to drag out my old real estate textbooks . 
  i think under english law . 
  i seem to recall that the owner of the property would be the man and his family , while the bank would have rights to be repaid the debt and a security interest in the property as to the value of the debts . 
  thus , under english law , if the man destroys the house he is destroying his own property and in breach of contract towards the bank . 
  so i am still thinking civil rather than criminal !, 
   i find that 's the case in far too many crises , unfortunately . 
  though other sovereign debt crises in europe , e.g. 
  iceland 's and ireland 's , do seem to have been solvable . 
   if someone were to rob a bank but the money caught fire on the way out it would still be a crime . 
  that 's true .
