  any colour ) migrants . 
  also , some of eu specific policies seem specifically designed to protect eu markets against e.g. 
  african markets . 
  the cap is a disaster for the third world being able to export to europe . 
  i think we are going to agree to disagree here . 
  your groups seem to be ( i ) netherlands ( ii ) northern europe ( iii ) europe ( iv ) world . 
  my groups are ( i ) england ( ii ) english speaking peoples globally ( iii ) world . 
  i 'm british and i actually speak several european languages ( french , spanish , italian ) but i do n't feel european . 
  i do n't think languages has much to do with it . 
  it is n't a defeatest attidute though . 
  the main reason most brits do n't learn languages is because of need . 
  also , most irish people only speak english too and they do feel more european . 
  but why do n't you also feel sad that you do n't share kinship with africans ? 
  i ca n't really understand why you would feel sad about brits but not about africans . 
  shared humanity is much more important than shared european-ness in my opinion . 
  in britain it is n't quite as bad as this as i believe you are only required to pay it if you have a tv or watch tv channels in real time on another device . 
  in britain the left tends to support the bbc and the right tends to be against it . 
  well - to me the whole of the world feels like friends to me . 
  my friendship with a european is not stronger than my friendship with the rest of the world . 
  in fact , i am slightly uncomfortable with the way the eu emphasises european-ness as a sense of identity . 
  it strikes me that the eu thinks it is in someways superior to the rest of the world . 
   i do n't know why we do n't display it . 
  most british people do n't want it to be displayed on public buildings . 
  there is no point trying to force yourself to feel a different way from how you feel . 
  there is nothing wrong in european-ness being a weak identity for most brits . 
  i 'm happy that for dutch people who feel strongly european . 
  i ca n't understand why they would n't be equally happy that we brits do n't share those feelings . 
  i like dutch people , just as i like people from all over the world . 
  i guess partly because i have spent a lot of time in east africa and with kenyans and ethiopians and not that much time in the netherlands i do n't feel very strongly that i have a lot in common with continental europe any more than i do with africa . 
  i think the bbc needs to be dramatically improved before i would support it . 
  - as it stands it is very biased . 
  - it is much bigger than it needs to be . 
  - it tries to do lots of things that could be done more easily and cheaply by a commercial broadcaster . 
  - it wastes what is effectively public money by paying out huge salaries and huge pay-offs . 
  - it has a massive market share of internet news in the uk . 
  - it is a very regressive tax as poor people have to pay the same amount as rich people . 
  - it is also regressive in that people that do n't use the bbc but still want to watch tv are required to pay it . 
  do you feel kinship with russians ? 
  turks ? 
  canadians ? 
  japanese ? 
  israelis ? 
  i feel just as much kinship with these as i feel with greeks , finns and slovakians . 
  part of uk euscepticism is a belief that the eu is too inward looking and restrictive , when there is an entire globe out there to feel kinship with . 
  why limit ourselves to europe ? 
  ok - we do n't think of that as being to do with identity and kinship . 
  geographically we are european , that is true . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by politically here . 
  in what way can a peoples be politically european ? 
  anyway , in an increasingly global world , geography is not destiny . 
  my kinship with my fellow humans is strong . 
  i just do n't feel more kinship with most europeans than i do with most asians or africans or americans . 
  in britain we do n't really think of ourselves as having a shared bond with dutch people because we are both europeans . 
  we think that the shared bond comes from shared humanity . 
  our bond with you is not necessarily stronger than anyone on the planet . 
  i know that we are a key part of european culture and history . 
  but britain 's history has also been very global . 
  an identity with europe to the exclusion of the rest of the world is therefore not a natural one for us . 
  my brother in law , who is dutch , explained this to me . 
  for dutch people there is a strong sense of europe being divided into north and south , and they strongly feel that netherlands and the uk are both part of northern europe . 
  in britain , we do n't really have a notion of northern europe . 
  for us we think of the dividing line being the channel , with continental europe being different from us . 
  i am reminded of that famous weather forecast in britain in the 1950s : `` fog in the channel : continent cut off '' . 
  the uk is proud of what it did in ww2 . 
  [ it was our finest hour . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/this_was_their_finest_hour ) other european countries are not generally proud of what they did in ww2 . 
  this has profoundly impacted attitudes to the nation state and to the eu . 
  the question is n't really what happened to the uk that did n't happen elsewhere . 
  the question is more what happened to the rest of europe that did n't happen to britain . 
  germany , france , netherlands , italy etc all had a bad experience of ww2 . 
  eastern europe had a bad experience the other side of the iron curtain . 
  portugal , spain , greece had a bad experience of dictators/military governance in recent years . 
  these experiences are part of the historical motivating factors these countries have for the eu . 
  the uk does n't really have a motivating factor . 
  my own experience of history lessons in the uk is that there is an emphasis on britain constantly trying to ensure that europe remains a balance of power . 
  though religion does not have much to do with this . 
  the uk is clearly not the only protestant country in europe and that is definitely not something we 're told in history classes . 
  germany is welcome to take scotland , provided they give the uk bavaria in exchange , 
  half irish half english here  yes - i kind of think we are in the same boat in lots of ways . 
  or perhaps two boats close together in the same bit of sea anyway ... uk / irish relations will hopefully continue to get better . 
  ummm - the uk has tended to have european allies in most wars it has fought in europe . 
  sometimes with the spaniards , sometimes the portuguese , sometimes the prussians , sometimes even the french ... 
  the reason why the uk threatened the veto was because the french had discussed trying to prevent transactions being settled in euro being carried out in london . 
  this would obviously have been very damaging to london and in breach of the free movement of capital laws . 
  the uk was therefore right to threaten the veto . 
  fortunately , the french backed down . 
  the uk is very supportive of the banking union ( and pushed the euro zone to put it in place early ) provided it does not damage the uk . 
  the uk is not blocking banking union . 
  banking union is going ahead . 
  the uk is not participating because the uk is not in the euro and the needs of the uk in relation to the financial sector are very different to those of the rest of the eu . 
  ireland has a shortage of certain skill sets right now . 
  if you have good it skills for example , ireland is a good opportunity . 
  the south east is n't the most eu-sceptic . 
  the south west has traditonally been more eusceptic . 
  london is pretty much the most proeu part of the uk . 
  am kind of surprised only 50-60 percent of brits said no . 
  i would have thought the number would have been higher . 
  which country are you planning on moving to ? 
  yes , you 're right . 
  it does look like this is an internet poll , with the various problems that this entails .
