  uk is building a free trade department . 
  poorer consumers will benefit from removing tariffs . 
  also , african exporters will benefit from us no longer imposing tariffs on them . 
  actually , a lot of posters in this sub are very polite and i enjoy discussing with them . 
  it is just you ( and a couple of others ) that call people delusional and use very offensive tones . 
  most people can discuss in a mature way . 
  i 'm on a phone right now , but if you remind me tomorrow , i will dig out the some figures . 
  where money goes is a democratic question , and we can not predict what voters will want and how parliament will vote . 
  obviously , if the money is not sent to the eu , it is an option that more money goes to wales . 
  some people might want it to go somewhere else instead . 
  i ca n't predict the choices that are made in a democracy . 
  of course it wo n't be banned . 
  please stop making nonsense claims about me . 
  i am not saying that the rest of europe is a shit hole . 
  i am not saying that everyone is against me , simply that your specific language is completely unacceptable . 
  please think before you post . 
  the main leaflet that vote leave sent to every voter included , in one of their 8 main points , free trade . 
  it was certainly something that vote leave considered a good argument for them and something that they tested with focus groups . 
  though it was not the main thing for most voters . 
  for me the main thing was not free trade , but democracy . 
  how easy the uk makes imports is almost entirely within the uk 's gift . 
  the uk will be able to grandfather the eu 's current ftas ( of these , the ones which matter the most are the ones with switzerland and korea ) . 
  the uk will be able to put in place new ftas quickly . 
  i have not called anyone stupid , please stop misrepresenting me . 
  it is n't about money appearing , it is about money that the uk stops sending to the eu being available to invest elsewhere . 
  also , if you actually want a discussion , please change your tone . 
  your current tone is not acceptable on this forum . 
  out of interest , which were the lies of the leave side that concerned you ? 
  the one most people cite , the 350m figure , is basically the gross figure , not the net figure . 
  tim shipman 's book is interesting on this , i think his theory is that vote leave chose a headline figure that was arguable and that remain would argue about it . 
  ( if arguments are happening about how much money we send to the eu , leave are winning . ), 
  is lie the correct word for this ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  / u/caffeinatedt i am afraid you need to stop attacking me . 
  you are breaching the rules of this subreddit and that it not acceptable . 
  either learn to post in a positive way , or post somewhere else . 
  this sub is for people that can be respectful . 
  i have reported your post . 
  currently the uk sends money to the eu . 
  we can send the money we currently send to the eu to wales . 
  we can still import all the food we like from the eu . 
  we will also , provided we remove tariffs from the rest of the world , get far more choice at cheaper prices . 
  i am sure that the uk food standards agency will require products to be labelled clearly . 
  eu does back down to eu agricultural lobbies . 
  the whole cap and tariffs shows this . 
  i am actually not slagging anyone off . 
  i try to be polite , though note that there is huge anger towards me , with other posters swearing at me , accusing me of being a racist etc. 
  i am afraid the remain side 's behaviour , particularly hmt 's economic predictions were a lie . 
  where 's the recession ? 
  uk will be fine outside the eu , like many other countries in the world . 
  people voted for the uk to leave the eu because they wanted the uk to leave the eu . 
  the uk has for decades transferred huge amounts of money to wales . 
  it already does this . 
  yes , i think the uk should continue to allow free trade from the eu and not put in place tariffs or any other barriers . 
  i agree that new zealand has a comparative advantage compared to the uk ion agriculture , which is one of the reasons why it makes sense for the uk to reduce tariffs on imports from nz and reduce subsidies on agriculture , so the uk 's economy focuses more on the uk 's own comparative advantage . 
  as for doing things in a co-ordinated way , the uk could reduce subsidies and tariffs gradually over ten years , giving farmers time to plan . 
  also , from what i have read about the nz experience ( admittedly a while ago ) they got rid of subsidies very quickly due to a budget crisis . 
  well - that is great that new zealand can export so much . 
  once the uk is out of the eu , we can get rid of our tariffs on imports from new zealand and benefit from their wonderful food . 
  sounds like a great deal . 
  just because the usa does something , that does not mean that the uk should . 
  not wanting tax payers to subsidise farmers is not trolling . 
  being in favour of free trade makes economic sense . 
  i am not planning on just getting rid of our agriculture sector , i am simply planning on not subsidising it and not imposing any tariffs on agricultural imports . 
  i am also proposing allowing gm crops and also making more use of robots in growing crops . 
  the extent to which uk farmers will cope competing against global markets is uncertain , though note that nz farmers do manage . 
  it is not deluded to say that there are many countries in the world where people are not starving and not eating poison . 
  to pretend that the uk can only choose between the eu 's cap and the usa system is simply a fake choice . 
  food security is a political choice . 
  the uk has limited money and where we spend our tax money , subsidising farmers , on our military , overseas aid , education etc , is a decision for our democracy and in any spending decision there are winners and losers . 
  while it is true that food prices did rise during the gfc , if we take a long view of history , food prices have gone down and down with technological developments . 
  the best way for the uk to be secure , is for the uk to end all tariffs on food imports and allow for new technology to flourish in the food sector . 
  i am not stopping uk farmers from investing . 
  if they think they can make it work economically , good luck to them . 
  in new zealand they manage without subsidies . 
  with new technology , global food production continues to increase and food prices have a long-term downward trend . 
  it is good that the uk politicians decided to trust the voters over whether we should be in the eu or not . 
  i am proud of british democracy for this decision . 
  i specifically wrote that people did not think that giving 350m a week to the nhs was not a manifesto commitment . 
  your link does not disprove that . 
  overall , most recent polls seem to show that more people on the remain side regret their vote , rather than the other way round . 
  as for lies , i am afraid the most ridiculous lies were on the remain side . 
  the economic predictions were complete made up nonsense . 
  where 's the recession ? 
  uk is not desperate . 
  we will buy food at global prices . 
  countries like to export , if country a puts up prices , uk will simply buy food from country b , which will lose out on exports . 
  uk has not tried to be self-sufficient in food for centuries . 
  we really are not about to start . 
  in a globalised world it makes no sense . 
  nobody is forcing you to buy food you do n't want . 
  that is the beauty of free trade - you get to choose . 
  once we leave the eu , people will have all the current choices and more . 
  when you say that outside the eu , our choices will be between eating poison or going hungry , you sound a bit insane . 
  there are lots of countries in the world that are not in the eu where people can eat . 
  we will be one of those . 
  your post sounds a bit delusional if you do n't mind me saying so . 
  the uk is not a fascist state , we are a liberal democracy . 
  in fact , even using the word `` fascist '' in relation to the uk makes you sound a bit mad . 
  why on earth would the uk go to war against the eu ?
