   i understand the importance of national politics but there is such a thing as a european general interest . 
  i think that 's the real issue here . 
  the uk does n't believe this and as such does n't play along . 
  whether there is a european general interest or not is a matter of opinion . 
  but even if there is a european general interest , that does not mean that it is the same as the uk interest . 
  obviously , to the extent that the european general interest and the uk interest conflict , the uk government should support the uk interest . 
   for me , i just fucking love seeing political theatre . 
  also , the bookies and stuff . 
  like , i wan na see how the odds goes in favour too . 
  you 're basically the same as me then . 
  i also love the theatre of politics and we certainly have a lot of that over on this side of the channel . 
  political butthurt can be a joy to behold . 
   yet , the politicians here are dealing with it quite gracefully ( definitely w.r.t. 
  to the uk ) and there has n't been a public outrage . 
  it 's been clear that the nl is going to pay all along . 
  in my mind there are two big differences to note : ( 1 ) the attitude of the british public to the eu is different from the attitude of the dutch public to the eu . 
  dutch people are more proeu than british people are . 
  ( 2 ) in britain , we will likely have a referendum on eu membership at some stage in the coming years . 
  this is unlikely to happen in the netherlands . 
  the different actions of our governments reflect these two big differences . 
   to me , the way cameron deals with this is the real problem . 
  problem for whom ? 
  whose problem is this ? 
  if the way cameron deals with this helps him win the election , then it is n't really his problem . 
   the thing though is that both are more charismatic than hollande . 
  and ps wont even need any effort to pull the racist card . 
  so your two criteria for selecting the ps 's candidate are : ( i ) more charismatic than holland ; and ( ii ) ps not needing any effort to pull the racist card ? 
  to me , these do n't seem like sufficient reasons for selecting a candidate and would indicate that the ps are not really serious about wanting to win the presidency . 
  on this basis the ps might just as well select christine taubira . 
   not if he is forced to backtrack and pay before the general election . 
  i think that is a bit unlikely . 
  i expect that this argument can continue for the next six months at least . 
  though , if he were forced to backtrack and pay before the next general election , it would become much harder for him to win the next general election . 
   could hollande be impeached when he loses the trust of his own party ? 
  am pretty sure that from a technical and legal perspective , the answer is `` non '' here . 
  the french president is pretty much untouchable . 
  from a political perspective , if enough people in his party publicly call for his resignation , then i guess he might be forced to resign . 
   what is more damaging : going with the eu its demands and appearing weak in the eyes of the public or making a promise to which you ca n't live up in the long run ? 
  i 'd pick the latter , and therefore cameron took the wrong decision in my eyes . 
  cameron is facing a general election in six months time and that is the key thing to remember when it comes to cameron 's decision-making process . 
  what words and actions make it more likely that he wins the election ? 
  in my mind , from an electoral perspective , he is tactically correct to consider primarily the views of the uk electorate rather than the views of other eu leaders or the views of the public in other eu states . 
  this story is fantastic for us british eusceptics . 
  we honestly could not have scripted it better if we had tried . 
  there is now no possible outcome that does not make a brexit more likely : - either , cameron agrees to pay the full # 1.7 bn ( in which case there will be intense anger in the conservative party , potential more defections to ukip , opinion polls will show brits increasingly keen on brexit ) ; - or , cameron does not agree to pay the full amount ( and i can not see how this would even be possible at this stage ) in which case there will be some intense anger among the leaders of various other eu countries , intense anger on r/europe etc. 
  i can not see how this can be resolved amicably any more . 
  good times . 
  ireland . 
  am on an iphone ... 
  it is n't a benefit to italy . 
  the lack of jobs is a problem in italy and not really being solved . 
  i 'm a brit who publicly scorns instant coffee . 
  can confirm your theory :-), 
   i think the city of london determines the agenda . 
  i think it 's a dog and pony show . 
  it 's all a small little club , if you come to think of it . 
  like the bullingdon club , for example . 
  the city is not a small club . 
  it is a big club . 
  there are roughly 500,000 people working in financial services in the city . 
  they do n't all have the same views . 
  it is nothing like the bullingdon club . 
  the city is filled with people from every social class , from all over the world . 
   this is n't a `` race '' or a `` candidacy '' , it 's a process that will evolve organically . 
  the only reason you want to frame this as such is so that you can go on to ridicule a straw man . 
  i like your rhetorical style . 
  the word `` candidate '' is also used in organic contexts as well as official contexts and i was using it in an organic context . 
  however , the fact that there is no obvious candidate in an organic context matters . 
   both paris and germany appear to be keen on heavy regulation , which finance criminals do n't like . 
  i 'm not sure whether or not you work in finance , but regulation is not of itself a good thing . 
  some regulation is needed , some is unhelpful . 
  each piece of regulation should be judged on its own merits . 
  for example , germany and france are in favour of specific financial transaction tax , which the uk is against . 
  needless to say , in this kind of environment , the uk will always be the preferred venue of finance . 
   you are one of those who voted them when they did n't get a single mp . 
  i did n't vote ukip in the last general election . 
  i only started voting for them recently in fact . 
  previously my view was the a ukip vote was a wasted vote . 
   i do n't think these people are really voting ukip because they have this strong obsession with the eu . 
  i think that there are a mix of reasons and of course i reognise that not all ukip voters are interested in the eu . 
  however , ukip do not hide their eu-credentials . 
  they could not be clearer that they want a brexit . 
  i think a majority of ukip voters would at least be aware of ukip 's policy of brexit , even if it were n't their main reason for voting them . 
   one actually lives in holland and will come back to the uk to vote ukip , which says it all really . 
  this bit i am not understanding . 
  i 've lived outside the uk too , including in italy . 
  i agree , there is no point arguing about semantics . 
  in my mind a doubling over the last year is something extremely noteworthy ( and particularly when considered along side the high numbers of italians who are emigrating to elsewhere in the world ) . 
   london has always been a pull for young italians - i have seen several in the twenty odd years i lived there ( including myself ) . 
  now there seem to be a bit more , that 's all . 
  the data seems to indicate that there has been a massive increase in the last few years , rather than just a bit more . 
   yes , we know about you , that 's why i 've got you labelled as `` ukip troll '' . 
  but you are not representative of the whole uk population . 
  no , but i am representative of some of the people who vote for ukip , which is what this discussion is about . 
   i have the zone 1-8 monthly pass . 
  zone 8 ?!, 
  where the f * ck is zone 8 ? 
   people do n't vote for ukip just because of europe the eu is exactly the reason ( and the only reason ) why i vote ukip . 
  voting ukip is the best way of increasing the chance of a brexit . 
   most of my friends who moved do n't want to go back if the situation does n't change radically are you in london ?
