  at that stage , iirc you said that if there was to be no fiscal union you would want greece to go back to the drachma . 
  given the last few weeks of events , do you now have enough evidence to reach a firm position ? 
  how much more evidence do you need ? 
   church of england along with the english cricket board , who also seem to be very involved ... 
  i 'm talking about political fall-out from the whole greece saga generally rather than this particular episode and this particular belgian mp . 
  i do n't think the person i was responding to formed his view just on the basis of the belgian mp , but instead on a range of impacts of the euro , the crisis and the reactions of our various political classes towards it . 
   during the duration of the special status , greece would have observer status in the eu and ez without voting rights . 
  even if this were legally possible ( which it is n't ) how are you going to get greece to sign up to this as a matter of politics ? 
   that 's what the eu government acts like ? 
  damn , i 'm even more sure i want my country to leave . 
  more and more i am convinced that whatever happens with greece , the political fall-out from it across the eu will be profound and operate in all kinds of unforeseeable ways . 
  i do n't think there can be anyone that has , as a result of seeing the events of the last week or so , become more euphile . 
  i do think that there will be significant amounts of people that have become more eusceptic . 
  here they generally do n't have a fixed amount of time , though in some very contentious debates the speaker suggests that they limit themselves to short speeches or a specific amount of time . 
  they do n't have microphones so they ca n't really be switched off ... 
  i think am pretty worried about what is happening . 
  many politicians ( merkel , hollande , renzi ) have said that the referendum should be seen as referendum on euro membership . 
  this strikes me as completely incorrect as a matter of law and deliberately trying to undermine the referendum . 
   that thought is the mind of many an european taxpayer . 
  greece can play with its own cash , so can the uk without needing others . 
  ultimately , for a monetary union to work well , it has to become a fiscal union and a transfer union . 
  the debts need to be pooled . 
   guy 's a lawyer and a grumpy old man . 
  even though his mind has petrified , he still knows that the ez can not expel greece so there is no automatism in the case of a ` no ' vote . 
  yes , he is just being technical and accurate . 
  i think that is the right approach for someone of his position, 
   this happens all the time lol i have two irish grandparents and ( apparently ) look very irish . 
  sometimes , here in london , i get random irish people trying to work out in what way i might be connected to them etc. . . 
   i would n't mind referendums in creditors country . 
  at least we would have a clear view of the lack of european solidarity , act the failures of the institutions and the current european dream , and start radical changes to correct the problems . 
  i agree . 
  referendums are a good thing here . 
  the people should be directly involved . 
  ( i 'd also vote oxi if i were greek . ), 
   the imf was specifically brought in to be the `` bad cop '' because greece does n't have so much leverage over them . 
  so their proposal is `` we are going to not make a payment , but want more money anyway , and be sure to get rid of your enforcer '' . 
  there were different views over whether or not the imf should be involved . 
  the french did not want them involved , the germans did . 
   they may have been close to a deal before but tsipras is either delusional or intentionally trying to blow the whole thing up with this deal at this stage . 
  it is hard to know , events are moving quickly and in surprising ways ... 
  a new bailout programme needs to happen . 
  at this stage it is starting to look like syriza have played a blinder . 
  will the reurozone agree to it ? 
  ( it is also somewhat sensible to remove the imf from the process , as essentially this is eurozone business and there is no need for anyone else 's money to be involved . ), 
   is it a thing in ireland to refer to your head of government by his first name ? 
  to me it seems a bit like that rumour that everyone in ireland knows everyone else in ireland . 
  ( seriously , i have been in parties in london where two irish people get introduced to each other and within a couple of minutes they work out who they know in common ... ), 
   no , it was removed ( i guess - the mods are too rude to bother to say anything about it ) because some people are obsessed with link post having the same title as the link they are posting to . 
  this is a text post so it is fine . 
  it is really important to their lives . 
  just as the eu and the imf are rules bound organisations , bound to respect their rules , so also is / r/europe . 
  editorialising titles is a clear breach of the rules of / r/europe . 
  the mods were correct to remove the article , in accordance with the rules . 
   essentially , juncker is officially asking that the normal rules of democracy be thrown out of the window . 
  this is an alarming precedent and by itself brings into question the entire european project . 
  i do n't want to live in a europe where the fundamentals of democracy and law can be put aside to achieve a political goal . 
  yes , it is very worrying indeed . 
  ( not very surprising though . ), 
  as an eusceptic lawyer working in the city of london , i tend to think i will be a winner from this mess . 
  events are moving so fast at this stage and there are certainly going to be a lot more events in the coming hours and days !, 
  i am no longer going to be predicting what will happen ! ), 
   but given the latest news , it might not come to that after all , and we 'll get on of those last minute compromises . 
  very last minute . 
  ( greece is negotiating again , according to reports . ), 
  yes , i 've just seen them . 
  i do n't know how they can get out of the referendum now , but apparently they think they can . 
   yes , and i 'd expect them to do just that ( for the rez ) . 
  i think that 's possible , but crucial will also be what the do and say about greece . 
  is greece just thrown to the wolves ? 
  what does the reurozone want to happen to greece after the grexit ? 
  they will have to have a position on it . 
  this is total breach of the editorialising rule . 
  the title is along the lines of `` renzi : we are not in the line of fire and i 'll tell you why '' . 
   economic and political uncertainty can get worse . 
  in a sense , how bad economic and political uncertainty gets after a grexit depends not just on the actions of greece post grexit , but also the actions of the reurozone . 
  after a grexit , there is a lot that the reurozone could do do minimise economic and political uncertainty . 
  my big fear is that the reurozone will be incentivised to maximise economic and political uncertainty * pour encourager les autres * . 
  the worst case scenario for the stability of the eurozone is successful greece with a new drachma , that is growing quickly by 2017 . 
  game theory can be a bitch i guess . 
   but greece has already devalued internally . 
  are internal devaluations really better than external devaluations ? 
  ( the uk had an external devaluation during 2009 and many economists have argued that this kept unemployment relatively low . ), 
  i do n't think greece has devalued enough . 
  it has to devalue further and it is very difficult to do this in the euro . 
   the point is , while lower exchange rates are good for exports in principle , this seems to be more about the expectation of continuous devaluation , and the economic and political uncertainty , and any benefits would n't make up for the downsides . 
  as of today 's date , there is amost nothing we can do about economic and political uncertainty for greece . 
  the only way we can do anything about them , is by going back in time . 
  even if ( best case scenario europhiles ) greece votes `` yes '' on sunday , the greek government collapses and a new government is elected to sign whatever memorandum is presented to them , there is a huge amount of economic and political uncertainty . 
   currency depreciation usually helps with industrial export competitiveness which greece does n't have very much of . 
  it will help tourism as an export though . 
  if , for example , greece were joining the euro today , rather than being about to leave it , what exchange rate do you think we would be picking for greece ? 
  ( this is the answer to whether or not greece needs to depreciate against the euro . ), 
  currency depreciations can be a good thing . 
  ( at least , everyone on this sub seemed to agree that it was a good thing that the ecb began quantitative easing , which is effectively a depreciation of currency . ), 
   think that 's basically a mantra . 
  what do you think it means that it 's not an `` optimal currency area '' , and why do you think it is n't ? 
  optimum currency area is a theory which many economists subscribe to . 
  it is n't just a mantra . 
  if the eurozone were an optimum currency area , one interest rate would work for the entire eurozone and growth and recession of each area would be aligned . 
  perhaps your position is that the eurozone is an optimum currency area ?
