  although exercising our opt-out was imo the right move here . 
  people like you would have given up our opt-outs , put us in the euro and shengen , given away our ability to have an independent monetary policy , our ability to control our borders , and are committed to the uk being swallowed up by a federal europe via `` ever closer union '' . 
  you want to kill our national democracy . 
   as long as the population growth brings a net economic benefit which outweighs the costs of their welfare ( and by all accounts it does ) then there should be no degradation in our systems . 
  welfare costs are not the only consideration . 
  there are multiple other considerations , including impact on salaries , impact on housing costs , infrastructure , environmental costs , social cohesion and so forth . 
   many british counties ( especially rural wales and england ) are under the same effects ... why is the uk approaching immigration in the same way in all counties and countries ? 
  the uk operates a massive centralised taxation system in which there are huge transfers of wealth from region to region , to deal with this . 
  the eu 's wealth transfers are a fraction of the uk 's equivalent . 
  separately , the uk has a real single market in labour reflecting the knowledge that everyone in the uk has of the english language . 
  within the eu even the most proficient linguists speak but a handful of languages ( i for example speak italian , french and spanish , but the number of jobs available to me in most eu countries is incredibly limited , by virtue of my language skills ) . 
   an absolutely disgusting statement and it is exactly the sort of thinking that lead to world war 2 . 
  not really . 
  europe is at its worst when the will of a sovereign people expressed in its national democracy is overruled . 
  this is what we saw yesterday . 
  we will see more of it in years to come . 
  the uk should oppose the imposition of mandatory migrant quotas on unwilling national governments . 
   personally i think the eu should prioritise in order ( as this is a pan-european problem , not specific to anyone country ) : the demographics and immigration trends are totally different in different parts of the eu . 
  the uk 's population has dramatically increased between 1995 and 2015 , while germany 's population has hardly increased at all . 
  germany also has a significantly higer median age than the uk . 
  many eu countries are experiencing depopulation and all the problems that are asscociated with a braindrain . 
  given these vastly different demographics , the idea that each country in the eu should approach immigration in the same way is insane . 
  personally i do n't find the term `` parasite '' a helpful one , i was quoting the op . 
  i 'm a believer in free trade , overseas investment and so forth . 
  if other countries want to restrict british products , companies , services etc , then in my mind this is obviously a matter for the wto and ultimately their national democracies and sovereignty . 
  what with george and charlotte , the chances of a ginger monarch seem to be vanishing into the distance ... 
  the uk has limited resources , infrastructure , housing , welfare state to cope with a rapidly rising population , whatever the nature of that population , be it economic migrants from the rest of the eu , economic migrants from the rest of the world , refugees fleeing war , or homegrown population increases . 
  personally i think the uk should prioritise in order : ( 1 ) uk population ( 2 ) those refugees that the uk chooses to accept ( those that are most vulnerable , taken directly from the middle east ) ( 3 ) economic migrants from the eu and the rest of the world should be in the same boat as far as i am concerned and should be accepted depending on the needs of the uk economy , the impact on every sector of uk society , the impact on infrastructure and housing costs and the impact on social cohesion . 
  for me the `` economic parasite '' should be treated the same , whether she is from france , poland , australia , turkey , india or ruritania . 
  renzi is correct here . 
   ok , but we have a lot of british `` migrants '' in poland too . 
  it works both ways ... personally i would be entirely happy if your government put in place restrictions on british migrants in poland . 
  to me this should be a decision for poland to make . 
  every crisis is also an opportunity . 
  a divided europe has always been something that the uk has enjoyed . 
  this time things are no different . 
   from what i understand , the uk would remain in the eea even if they did leave the eu . 
  am i missing something ? 
  this is subject to negotiation . 
  she did say that . 
  [ though to understand what it is she meant by that , you really need to read the full interview . 
  ] ( http://www.margaretthatcher.org/document/106689 ) the state only exists as a body of individuals . 
  everything that the state does impacts individuals . 
  if the state gives benefits , it individuals that are contributing these benefits , there no magic money tree . 
  thatcher saw the individual as having primacy over the state ( the left wing in the uk at the time tended to think the opposite ) . 
  this was the intellectual battle she was fighting . 
   are n't you in your sarcasm mixing up liberal-democracy with liberalism in general ? 
  no , i am a liberal , both economically and socially . 
  i believe in free trade , the small state , the right of the individual to make choices for herself , whether that be who she sleeps with , what drugs she takes , whether she wants to open up a pub in which people can smoke etc. 
  i am a liberal . 
   to equate the right wing with more conservative ideas is a bit old fashioned , but still accurate . 
  i 'm part of the radical conservative tradition ( i know this sounds a bit like a contradiction ) . 
  essentially i am a thatcherite !, 
   you could n't be called tory and liberal at the same time in the 19th century . 
  yes , it is interesting that the labels we use to descibe political positions and the political groupings have shifted with time . 
  now , in the 21st century , there is a lot of liberalism within the uk conservative party . 
   classical european liberalism is much more closely alligned to conservatism and the right wing in general . 
  i am someone that certainly self-defines as a liberal and conservative and right wing ... 
  i also voted . 
  however , the fact that the european parliament gets a very low turnout is a consequence of there being no real eu democracy . 
  we need to be honest . 
  if people disagree with something , they should vote against it . 
  that is the only way that an electorate can hold the elected to account . 
  the decision should not be made in private , but by a public vote . 
   but choose to be political cowards hiding behind a no-vote they knew would n't stop the process . 
  why is it cowardice to vote in the way that you think is in the best interests of your country ? 
  this is how national represenstatives should vote . 
   did n't uk vote yes ? 
  uk opted out . 
  this does not apply to the uk . 
   and who 's to blame for that ? 
  i should think it 's the people who were too lazy to get out to vote , not the eu . 
  the low turn out is a consequence . 
  we should blame the people that established the remote parliament . 
   ok , i give you that . 
  but why should that void all the decision of an elected parliament , the founding and proceedings of which have been unanimously agreed upon , i do n't know . 
  i 'm not arguing that decisions should be voided , i believe in the rule of law . 
  i am arguing that for democracy to work most effectively , it is necessary for the uk to leave the eu . 
   so there is one concept of collective british interests ? 
  you really think it 's that simple ? 
  and i wo n't even mention scotland . 
  national interests is a vague concept , that is true . 
  however , the concept of the british national interest is much clearer than the concept of european interests . 
  as for scotland , they recently had a referendum in which they decided to stay in the uk . 
  personally , if they want another vote , i would not object to it . 
  ( i am in favour of checking with the people , if that 's what the people want . ), 
   politico europe , euronews , euractive , euobserver . 
  these niche publications are read by a tiny handful of enthusiasts , like me . 
  they are not holding the eu parliament effectively to account . 
  nobody in the eu parliament fears these publications . 
   is this the fault of the european parliament ? 
  an apathetic population is hardly anything new . 
  the eucrats that created a structure that was so remote from the people are at fault here . 
   perhaps not to the extent that you personally would like , but i tend to disagree . 
  there is definitely `` pan-european consciousness '' , but it is not as strong as say the british consciousness . 
  it is like saying that there is no welsh consciousness or cornish consciousness . 
  there definitely is , it is just not as strong as british consciousness ( and even british consciousness is starting to wane , see the snp ) . 
  while there do exist different levels of consciousness , the level of european consciousness is not so sufficiently great to grant the decision over national quotas of immigrants to the eu parliament . 
  separately , the concept of quotas , in which refugees are assigned to particular countries , impacts , by definition , the people in those particular countries . 
  the decision about whether or not to accept refugees in this way should be decided by the democratic institition closest to the people impacted by the decision and that is the national parliament .
