  ] ( http://marconiada.blog.ilsole24ore.com/2014/12/29/la-parte-migliore-ditalia-sta-emigrando-in-massa-a-londra/?refresh_ce=1 ), 
   italy and greece are the only two countries in europe that performed worse than the uk of the last few decades . 
  in 1990 poland used to be 60 % poorer , now it 's just 35 % . 
  this is really not a good way of looking at performance . 
  nobody would expect poland and the uk to grow at the same rates from 1990 , because they had very different starting points . 
   actually , every country except italy and greece become richer/less poorer to the uk . 
  the uk also has one of the lowest gain in productivity despite having less regulations than most eu country . 
  i agree that productivity in the uk is a serious concern . 
  i am not ignoring it . 
   well modern research is all about collaboration . 
  i have no idea what your field of expertise is , but i do agree with you that research is about collaboration . 
  but , of course , knowledge is not specifically european and academic research should of course be global . 
  if eu universities are not able to collaborate with universities that are outside the eu , that strikes me as very unfortunate . 
  thanks , very interesting . 
   what about the thousands of english pensioners moving abroad ? 
  it shows that for pensioners living abroad can be better than living in the uk of course . 
  we can consider the reasons for this ( pension goes further , they can buy a bigger house , better weather , better food , better healthcare in some cases ... ), 
   because i do n't want to be citizen of a country that says that she does n't want other fellow europeans , not just those from my country , to live here anymore . 
  the uk has not said this . 
  the uk has said it wants to leave the eu . 
  personally , though , why i am glad to have europeans coming to live in the uk , i do n't think the uk should prioritise europeans over other parts of the world . 
  an italian is not more special than an indonesian , a german is not more special than a guatemalan , a french is not more special than fijian . 
   i feel i have been betrayed by the country i had made my home for the past five years . 
  if you like the uk and want to stay her permanently , why not get british nationality ? 
  the things that you like about the uk have n't changed . 
  the things that you do n't like about the uk have n't change . 
  we 're still the same country with our share of positives and negatives . 
   as a result , i 'm afraid that in 5-10 years finding a decent espresso will become a nightmare :d i used to live in italy . 
  the one thing i brought back to london with me was an italian * machinetta del caffe ' * . 
  i will be fine !, 
   i work in a british university but i sure do n't want to be left behind . 
  left behind ? 
  i do n't know what you mean by this . 
   that would almost evaporate your bargaining position to achieve the same for your exports , though . 
  i do n't see the point of trying to bargain on this . 
  the uk should reduce tariffs on inwards trade simply because this action helps british consumers get cheaper products and forces british producers to be more competitive . 
  if the eu does not want to support eu consumers in the same way , that is ultimately something for your own politicians and democratic system to deal with . 
  free trade is not like nuclear disarmament . 
  it does not have to be mutual . 
  it works if you do it unilaterally . 
  personally i also think it is a mistake for the uk to tie uk treatment of current eu immigrants to the eu treatment of current uk immigrants . 
  the uk should simply say to everyone that comes to the uk lawfully that they can stay because it is the right thing to do . 
  but really it is up to the eu what they do with uk immigrants and a question the eu has to answer itself . 
   but this will severely unbalance your export/import . 
  you already import way more than you export it is more important to promote free trade by reducing tariffs . 
  tariffs distort trade . 
  even if other countries use tariffs , that is not a reason for the uk to use them . 
  the way to increase british exports is to regulate and educate the uk appropriately and to ensure that the uk has the correct infrastructure . 
   the wto estimated the cost of additional tariffs on goods imports to british consumers after brexit would amount to # 9 billion , while british merchandise exports would be subject to a further # 5.5 bn in tariffs . 
  the good news is that the uk does not have to put in place any tariffs at all on imports . 
  ( this is my preferred position . ), 
  do you have the data for germany ? 
  the fact that more italians want to go to germany than to the uk does not really show that the uk `` is going to shit '' . 
  it does , unfortunately , show something about italy . 
   you do know the bill of rights is going to be the human rights act repackaged ? 
  we do n't know exactly what it is going to look like yet as the government and parliament have not finished . 
   also you 're now saying to me the human rights standard the uk championed is worthless - ok then . 
  no , i 'm more saying that in our tradition of parliamentary democracy the decision over the relative balance of rights is one in which the views of politicians ( who answer to an electorate ) trumps the views of judges ( who do n't answer to anyone ) . 
   now they mostly go to germany if you move abroad you want stability not caos . 
  the most recent national statistics showed that 59,000 italians had moved to the uk in the last year . 
  [ migration figures are published quarterly by the national office of statistics . 
  most recent publication was in august . 
  ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/internationalmigration/bulletins/migrationstatisticsquarterlyreport/august2016 ), 
   a human rights standard russia is willing to accept , but not the uk ? 
  does n't have a good ring to it in my view . 
  the fact that russia accepts it means it is n't worth anything . 
  quite why you think that the british government elected by the british people are not capable of putting in place a british bill of rights that reflects what british people want seems a bit surprising to me . 
   got to be honest , looking in from the outside there 's plenty of options around europe . 
  my nephews have already worked in portugal , austria and denmark and they told me they passed up the uk because the money was shite in comparison . 
  things are changing . 
  while your anecdote is of course interesting , it is not a substitute for looking at actual data . 
  actual data shows that large numbers of eu nationals move to the uk . 
  the fact that russia is a member should not be used as an advertisement in my view . 
   come on repelling the human right chart is kind of shady do n't you think ? 
  why ? 
  it really depends on what the government puts in place instead , the extent to which that reflects the wishes of the british people and so forth . 
  the question is one of democracy . 
   and i enjoy the irony of someone from an ex-democratic power going less democratic every day , i mean you are working to repell the ehrc now the extent to which the echr has jurisdiction in the uk is a democratic question which elected politicians should address . 
  it was n't moses who told us that the echr should have jurisdiction in the uk , it is not sacred , it was a decision made by elected politicians . 
  this kind of thing is not above democracy . 
   england is going to shit , what a shame the thousands of italians who come to live in the uk every month disagree with you . 
  edit - complaining about downvotes just gets more downvotes , i know . 
  however , / r/europe - really ? 
  the person that writes `` england is going to shit , what a shame '' gets upvoted , without any discussion about it . 
  the person that offers a different opinion about it gets downvoted . 
  really ? 
  is this how we want to conduct our discussions here ? 
   the problem here is the people who were in charge of the leave campaigns are not the ones making the final decisions on brexit now . 
  this is not a problem . 
  it is a good thing that the government is made up of both people who argued remain and people who argued leave . 
  it means that the government represents a greater spectrum of the electorate on this issue . 
   i wonder what the results would be if the referendum question was `` do you want boris and nigel to lead uk out of eu '' . 
  in this scenario , `` no '' would have won . 
  but the question is irrelevant and should not have been the one on the ballot paper . 
  as history has shown , may is the one who is tasked with leading us out of the eu , helped by boris . 
  nigel does not have a role in government . 
   the problem with financial services is that they 're very movable . 
  they are somewhat movable and , provided that the uk government adopts liberal , well-regulated , globally open policies in relation to financial services , they will continue to move towards the uk . 
   `` democratic debate '' does not simulate economy . 
  uncertainty tends to be rather damaging to it than helpful .
