  our media have always been more aggressive than a lot of european media and our political system has tended to be far more adversarial than yours which tends to be consensus based . 
  in our view , it is a good thing that institutions like the eu get aggressive criticism . 
   everybody else already has their deals and relations with the eu . 
  i thought that the eu wanted trade agreements with india , china , japan , new zealand , australia , usa ? 
   that would be sad , would n't it ? 
  i 'd rather think you deserved that love all along and some of you have only recently gone a bit crazy . 
  well , actually i do n't think it is crazy to leave the eu and i personally hope you can keep loving us . 
  i am not sure if people really understand why we are leaving , but it is , as theresa may correctly says , to do with our history and constitution , which is completely different from yours . 
  if you really want to understand brexit , you need to understand our constitution and how it developed . 
  equally , for brits to understand the eu , we need to remember the history of other countries too . 
  she wants to fully leave the single market and put in place a new customs arrangement with the eu . 
  i agree with her on this . 
   so they ca n't exactly be lenient and grant the same rights as those nations in the eu . 
  putting in place tariffs hurts the eu too . 
  just as the rest of the world is reducing tariffs , why would the eu put them in place ? 
  also , there is another problem for the eu . 
  if the eu puts tariffs on the uk and the uk is clear it does not want tariffs , then which one of these is sending out a signal to the rest of the world that it will be easy to do a deal with ? 
  introducing tariffs is not obvious . 
  it is a choice . 
  uk would prefer not to , but if eu wants tariffs , we will live with it . 
  you never really knew us it seems !, 
  perhaps now you know us a little better , you like us a little less , who knows ? 
   so it really depends on the eurozone countries ' willingness to make themselves more attractive to the finance industry . 
  to be fair , i 'm not 100 % what that entails . 
  in my mind it partly means recognising that finance is fundamentally global and not european and opening up any barriers to global financial services . 
  uk wants a new fta with the eu which deals with tariffs . 
  there was always very strong euscepticism in the uk ... 
   uhm ... your government declared they will leave the single market ... and that is exactly what it means : reintroduction of tariffs . 
  no , as a matter of law , the single market and the customs union are different things . 
   hundreds of thousands of french people perished during the war at the hand of the nazis . 
  this is correct . 
  we should not forget those french people that died in ww2 and instead we should be grateful to them . 
   indeed the divorce might just allow things to heal eventually . 
  this is correct . 
  the uk and the eu will end up liking each other much more once they are separate . 
   \u2022 is the chance of the final agreement being put to a second referendum higher than 0 % ? 
  higher than 0 per cent , but lower than 1 per cent . 
   \u2022 is the chance that the eu will allow a reversal of art 50 higher than 0 % ( esp . 
  since nobody knows how it works ) ? 
  significantly higher than 0 % , but that is not likely to change the uk government 's position or the uk parliament 's position or the uk public 's position . 
   i 'm not entirely sure who you are talking about there , however for all the brits i have seen that are upset about this , i have yet to see one ( since maybe the first month after the vote ) that is in denial about it . 
  i agree , the vast majority of brits accept that we are leaving the eu . 
  some do n't ( e.g. 
  the lobby group britain for europe , the philosopher ac grayling etc ) . 
  however , my post was mainly aimed at some on the european continent who are still in brenial . 
   ceta does not include financial service which the uk specifically wants , and that is just one example ceta does have some provision for financial services , both uk and eu are likely to want financial services trade with each other in an agreement . 
  if eu and uk can not agree , then we will not have an agreement , that is also fine . 
  uk wants a free trade agreement with the eu , like canada has . 
  it does not want the current terms at all . 
  it wants completely different terms . 
   and this is something some people ca n't accept . 
  united kingdom is leaving - this is the reality . 
  i find it really crazy that some people are still in denial ( brenial ? ), 
  about this reality . 
  surely it is obvious that the uk is leaving by now ? 
  uk is not asking for any handouts . 
   it wants to retain its current terms without the obligations it does not want this . 
  the uk wants to leave the single market . 
  that is a significant change in terms . 
  some of us in the uk have been following the clearing debate very closely for several years . 
  we do not think that the commission will require euro clearing to take place in the eurozone ( even though they would have the power to propose new regulations ) because this would also mean taking euro clearing houses out of the usa as well . 
  this would basically mean that the euro was not a reserve currency any more . 
  but we will see - anything is possible these days . 
  not sure what sector you are in , but it seems like the economy is doing fine currently . 
   i just wish i was as optimistic as you are , but so far i postponed looking to buy property and a new car . 
  do n't want to feel forced to do whatever may decides we should do to please anti-immigration voters . 
  this is what her speech said :  `` fairness demands that we deal with another issue as soon as possible too . 
  we want to guarantee the rights of eu citizens who are already living in britain , and the rights of british nationals in other member states , as early as we can . 
  i have told other eu leaders that we could give people the certainty they want straight away , and reach such a deal now . 
  many of them favour such an agreement -- 1 or 2 others do not -- but i want everyone to know that it remains an important priority for britain -- and for many other member states -- to resolve this challenge as soon as possible . 
  because it is the right and fair thing to do . '', 
  i think you can be confident that you will be able to stay and at the most there will be a form to fill in or something . 
   if you voted leave or actually left ? 
  the predictions related to the vote . 
   we 're here because this is a great country we were not getting fucked over . 
  if we 're going to be fucked over , we will leave . 
  it 's only logical . 
  nobody gets fucked over ( other than the tiny minority of people who are criminals etc ) . 
   the cjeu blocked the ecb from requiring clearing houses to move to the eurozone since the uk was still part of the single market no , the cjeu blocked the ecb because the ecb did not have competence . 
  that those economic predictions that said that the uk would get rising unemployment and a recession if we voted leave were bullshit . 
  just so you know , i have not forgotten about our bet !, 
   because we want to work and have a good life and unfortunately due to circumstances we can not do that in our own country . 
  all of which means you will want to stay . 
   brexit was based on hate and `` we need to close our frontiers to avoid / bad / immigrants to come to our lovely country and steal our benefits '' no , it really was n't . 
  read may 's speech from yesterday about what brexit was based on . 
  the eu was too inflexible for the uk and undermined our parliamentary democracy . 
  so we voted leave . 
  i am delighted that you are here in the uk and working hard and hope you are enjoying it . 
  i suspect hurdles are for the new people not the ones currently here , who will have indefinite leave to remain . 
  most of you wo n't fuck off , because you like being here ( otherwise why would you have come in the first place ) ? 
   i think it 's become increasingly clear the predictions about the affects of brexit were founded on partisanship pandering rather than sound economic thinking this was completely clear to me when i cast my vote . 
   not everyone who voted for trump is a racist . 
  but for no-one of those who voted for him , was the idea of institutionalised racism and fundamentally racist rhetoric a deal breaker . 
  yes , and for no-one who voted to leave the eu was the idea of leaving the eu a deal breaker . 
   well , if those 2 ? 
  million of europeans ( at least ) were to go back home they wo n't go home . 
  they seem to like it here . 
  when considering the uk 's relationship with the eu , the euro is a very relevant factor . 
  the euro and the eu are not two totally separate things , they are two incredibly closely related things . 
   you 're seriously thinking that they wo n't want their money back ?
