  i think they close at ten because the election is on a thursday , not a weekend ( unlike the continent ) ...  do you not have mercy with the continent ? 
  not in the past . 
  not in the present . 
  not in the future . 
  as we `` monkey-islanders '' say : '' [ heavy fog in the channel . 
  continent cut off ] ( http://politicalquotes.org/node/19094 ) '' . 
  ;-)  do you know whether there will be somehow reliable predictions shortly after polls close , or is it like in the us where you have to wait though half the night to know what 's up ? 
  there will be an exit poll at 10:00 uk time . 
  this will be indicative , but likely not conclusive . 
  there are also just too many local factors and weird things happening in this election and too many potential outcomes , so to understand what is happening , you will need to stay up the whole night . 
  the first results will start to come out around 11:30 uk time , but most results will come after 2:00 in the morning . 
  i will not go to bed and stay up with friends and family watching and drinking ;-), 
   made a bet with myself on how much i would have to scroll down to find you  hahaha !, 
  this is going to be one crazy election in the uk . 
  the night time television is going to be insane . 
   anyway , i somewhat get the impression he 's implying hate towards islam is not already a hate crime . 
  though wikipedia thinks something else ... idk thanks . 
  strictly speaking , hatred towards islam in the uk is not a crime . 
  if i were to write how much i hated islam , that would not be criminal . 
  it is clear that he wants to change the law , but not clear what changes he wants to make . 
   do you think europe should promote those relationships in order to create `` bridges '' with the rest of the world or should they avoid those `` outside '' connections , specially in countries like uk where the euroscepticism is increasing ? 
  i do n't have a view on whether or not europe should promote relationships between colonial powers and former colonies . 
  however , i think in the case of colonial powers it certainly makes sense to try and create good relationships with former colonies . 
  there are multiple good reasons for this : - the world is global and it does not make sense to limit relationships to just one corner of it . 
  - future gdp growth is likely to be far higher in former colonies than former colonial powers . 
  having good trading relationships with these entities is thus in our interests . 
  - just as we can not and should not ignore geographical realities , we also can not and should not ignore historical realities . 
  one of the consequences of colonialism are that some former colonies have close cultural relationships with former colonial powers , with things like languages , religion , sporting preferences , cuisine , music and the arts , legal and constitutional systems and so forth . 
  - these kind of organisations are a kind of soft power . 
  it makes sense to capitalise on this . 
   it 's not like you can really target ideas . 
  what 's next ? 
  call them crimethoughts ? 
  on the other hand , saying `` we should kill them all '' is already another thing . 
  but i believe that would be incitement which should be already covered by law yes , that 's why i find it a bit surprising that he wants to change the law . 
  i 'm not sure what he means . 
   are the greens still left in the uk ? 
  they 've pretty much become painted neoliberals everywhere else in the uk they are pretty left wing , but i do n't think they will get a great deal of votes . 
  i think they will be around 3 % of the vote . 
  personally i think voting on thursdays works in the uk and the netherlands . 
  for me it is very easy , i just need to add an extra five minutes on my walk to the office !, 
  ( in practice workplaces make allowances for voting , and also it is quite easy to vote by post . ), 
   it 's basically a real world circlejerk . 
  yeah , i agree that it does look a bit like a circlejerk . 
  one of the things that i have found somewhat surprising is that the tories are not doing somewhat better in scotland , given that ruth davidson seems to be more competent than anyone else in slab , slibdem or sukip or sgreen etc. . . 
  however , i did notice a couple of interesting things : - in the eu elections in 2014 , the share of the vote that the tories got in scotland went up slightly . 
  this was very interesting , because the tory share of the vote went down everywhere else in the uk and conventional wisdom is that the party of government loses votes in eu elections . 
  - while the tories will probably lose share of the vote in scotland today , it seems like their losses will be far below those of lab and libdem . 
  ( it might be hard to see this in practice though , depending on how tactical voting happens . ), 
  yes , i myself am very against criminalising hate . 
  it comes to close to criminalising people 's thoughts , expressions and their consciences . 
  ultimately , in my view the only things that should be criminalised are actions in which there is a clear direct victim . 
  i think `` my feelings were offended '' is never a good basis for assigning victimhood . 
  you wrote :  would n't it make more sense to vote on sunday or saturday , as the rest of europe ? 
  i was n't sure why you mentioned the `` the rest of europe '' if that was n't relevant to the decision . 
   i 'm pretty sure that was just a torygraph headline and nothing else not quite . 
  [ milliband did give an interview to muslim news in which he said ] ( http://www.muslimnews.co.uk/newspaper/top-stories/labour-to-outlaw-islamophobia-says-miliband-in-an-exclusive-interview/ ) :  `` we are going to change the law on this so we make it absolutely clear of our abhorrence of hate crime and islamophobia . 
  it will be the first time that the police will record islamophobic attacks right across the country . '', 
  it is n't clear to me what changes he wants to make to existing law on this . 
   is n't religious hate already a crime ? 
  no , religious hate is not a crime in the uk . 
  for example , were i to write an article about how much i hate protestantism , that would not be a crime . 
   the uk can not stop it from happening , but more and more the eurozone and the uk 's needs are at odds with one another . 
  that is hindrance enough . 
  it is in the interests of the uk for the eurozone to be fixed . 
  the uk wants the eurozone to be fixed . 
  the reason why it is not being fixed is because eurozone member states and eurozone politicians are unwilling to make the necessary changes and are afraid of their electorates . 
  this problem is nothing to do with the uk . 
  if the uk were outside the eu entirely , this same problem would be there and no closer to being resolved . 
   but more and more the eurozone and the uk 's needs are at odds with one another . 
  for example ? 
   only you and uk vote on thursday . 
  the rest of europe ( other than the netherlands ) voting on a sunday or saturday is not a reason for the uk to vote on one of those days . 
  a reason to change voting day would be because it might be fairer or cause higher participation . 
  does anyone really think this is the case ? 
   i disagree . 
  the uk has been the main engine driving the rule of exceptions . 
  the result is a eu that is unable to act more readily , including in the euro problem . 
  no , the uk is not stopping the eurozone from resolving the eurozone crisis . 
  to solve it , what is needed is to create a fiscal union among the eurozone states . 
  the uk would not stop this happening . 
  it is the richer eurozone countries that do not seem to be inclined to create it . 
   i understand you 're emotional about the issue here , but if there is one country that has long been hesitant and with only half a foot in the door , it has been the uk , and i think many europeans are getting fed up . 
  get in or shut the door and have your participation restricted . 
  it is sounding like you are somewhat emotional here too . 
  however , i personally will vote for the uk to `` shut the door and have participation restricted '' so it sounds like we are in some agreement . 
  it would be great if you stopped editorialising titles . 
  this is in breach of rediquette . 
  i thought you knew this ? 
   i mean on thursday , when everybody 's at work etc. 
  would n't it make more sense to vote on sunday or saturday , as the rest of europe ? 
  uk elections have taken place on thursdays as a matter of convention for a long while . 
  there are multiple theories and arguments as to why : - thursday is market day , so more people will be near markets and thus nearer polling stations and able to vote . 
  thursday was also `` early closing day '' for a number of work places , giving people time to vote . 
  - friday has traditionally been pay day , when brits would go and drink their wages rather than vote . 
  - sunday was seen as a day on which the church might have an impact on voting . 
   who are you voting for ? 
  i live in a lib/lab marginal and considered voting lib tactically in order to try and keep lab out . 
  in the end i voted for ukip though , to try and increase the national score of ukip . 
   and what will the next government be like ?
