   the uk was never in the eurozone so even if the eurozone completely imploded it would n't retroactively justify brexit . 
  the existence of the eurozone of itself was a good reason to vote leave . 
  the eurozone and the eu are not two unrelated things , instead they are fundamentally linked . 
  the eu has only one official currency , the euro . 
  all other currencies are simply allowed either on a temporary basis or because of opt-outs or derogations . 
  given that the uk did not want to join the euro , being in the eu was pointless . 
   either as a country we got back to only voting for one of two parties , or pr is the inevitable destination . 
  and i do n't think we 're going to go back to only voting labour/tories any time soon . 
  i suspect that we wo n't go back to voting for the labour party until the labour party finally get rid of corbyn . 
  but i see that as something that the labour party need to fix . 
  if the labour party stay crazy , they will be replaced . 
  now that we are leaving the eu ( and minor parties will not get the oxygen of publicity that the eu elections give them any more ) i suspect we might revert to two or two and a half parties again . 
  i 'm not a fan of coalition government as i think it leads to government programmes being decided away from the electorate . 
  i prefer to have strong governments elected on manifestos which the electorate can scrutinise prior to elections . 
  i also like the constituency link ( which make mps answerable to their electorate ) and do n't like party lists ( which make mps answerable to their parties ) . 
  i 'd vote to keep fptp and also campaign to keep it . 
  i agree , it is a dream . 
   thanks to brexit we have the blueprint now . 
  and due to the high profile nature of brexit , people will be more engaged with referendums . 
  the people who won the eu referendum also won the av referendum . 
  they will also win any pr referendum to keep fptp . 
  however , i do n't see another referendum happening , because no government is going to propose one . 
   the campaign for pr needs to rebrand itself . 
  we now know what wins referendums . . 
  the people who want pr are not capable of winning a referendum . 
  they are only capable of speaking to people who love the guardian culture supplement . 
   the problem is that under the eu , anything that scraps britain 's post-war social programs since the atlee government can be constructed as human rights violations . 
  this is a problem because these things are not human rights violations . 
  the uk 's social programmes should of course be decided by uk politicians and not the ecj ( though i think you mean the echr ) . 
   you have a tory government that is trying to leave the eu while scrapping the nhs and other social programs , which is seen as trying to turn britain into a dickensian state . 
  the tory government is not trying to scrap the nhs . 
  also the nhs is nothing to do with the eu . 
  if uk politicians wanted to scrap the nhs , that is a matter for the uk electorate . 
  not a matter for the eu . 
  interesting to post , thanks, 
  unemployment is low in the uk and wages are high enough for people to keep spending . 
  russia is also pretty unpopular in the uk , but that does not seem to stop jeremy corbyn being pretty pro russia . 
  brexit was a triumph for some people . 
  i think in the long run it will be good for you too . 
  this was one of the reasons why the predictions of the economists that confidence would go down made no sense . 
  leave would only win if the majority would vote for it . 
  and the majority would then be happy with that outcome and presumably not stop spending . 
  thanks . 
  any change in romania 's attitude to russia ? 
  thanks . 
  no surprise to me that technocrats got kicked out . 
  people do n't tend to vote for technocrats ... 
  yeah , i am annoyed about that !, 
  normally someone summarises all the various parties and their policies etc. 
  okay , i did n't follow this one closely . 
  did something exciting happen ? 
   consumer spending may appear to be robust for now as many people are having a final shopping spree while the economy is exceeding growth expectations , '' sophie michael , head of retail and wholesale at bdo , said . 
  '' ( but ) the challenges facing retailers continue to mount , which will inevitably impact on retailers ' costs and consumers ' disposable income and the question is ` when ' not ` if ' the spending squeeze will come . '', 
  lol . 
  british people keep on ignoring the experts and growing the economy . 
  do n't they know that experts predicted a recession ? 
  how dare british people keep spending money at record levels ? 
  i do n't watch polish tv ... 
   it is trying to illegalise abortion on christian principles , as one element . 
  the legality or otherwise of abortions is a political point and should be decided by politicians . 
  however , that seems to be happening in poland . 
  politicians deciding the law . 
   their newest proposal was that if the church , the state , and a random party all officially register a gathering in the same square and the same time , the church and the state will be privileged . 
  link . 
  this seems like a bad law to me . 
  i do n't think the church or state should get priority in gatherings , but it does not strike me as a very big point . 
  what has poland done to demolish the secular state ? 
  also , i am not sure that a secular state is really necessary to be a liberal democracy . 
  the uk is not a secular state and is a liberal democracy . 
  from what i can gather about the authority of the constitutional court , it seems that the constitutional court in poland has a history of being politicised , which is unfortunate . 
  however , this history goes back a long way . 
  i do n't think freedom of expression has changed in poland . 
  correct me if i am wrong . 
   that is true of most of whatever might go into a post-brexit deal , though . 
  anything that specifically requires co-operation ( e.g. 
  sharing information in relation to counter intelligence ) is something that the uk government should of course have a position on . 
  anything that the uk would like an agreement on ( e.g. 
  tariff free trade ) the uk should also focus on discussing . 
  anything that involves sharing assets and liabilities will of course be something to negotiate . 
  things that are entirely within the gift of the eu and the uk does not really care about ( e.g. 
  future location of the ema , eba ) the uk should simply not make any statements on at all or get involved . 
  the eu will not have a unified position on things like the location of the ema and the eba , but there is no upside or downside for the uk to involve itself and indeed it is no business of the uk 's . 
  i just can not see any reason why the uk should get involved with who the eu gives citizenship to . 
  it really is n't the uk 's business . 
  equally , i am sure the eu will not be getting involved with who the uk gives citizenship to . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` make big swathes against the republic '' . 
  this is not surprising . 
  we will see whether this is temporary or sustained ( i suspect temporary ) . 
   i do n't doubt , but po atleast tried to look like a normal government in the eyes of brussels . 
  this is not a worthwhile objective . 
   just not at a level where the british government does things for its citizens . 
  the british government should do things that its citizens want . 
  what are you really expecting the british government to do in relation to citizenship that the eu grants ? 
  the uk government can neither make it happen nor stop if from happening . 
  this is simply something for the eu to decide among its various institutions . 
  best of luck making that decision . 
  ultimately the uk should focus on the things it really cares about and needs agreement from the eu on ( tariff free trade ) . 
  i do n't think the uk really cares whether or not the eu gives some british citizenship or the terms of that offer . 
  if the eu offers citizenship to some british citizens , uk can happily agree , but the uk should not pay for it . 
  if individual british citizens want to pay , that is fine , but it should not change their taxation obligations or other rights in the uk etc.
