  [ the new regime is mainly described on esma 's website and there are a number of open consultations on a range of technical matters ] ( http://www.esma.europa.eu ) . 
  the investor protection headings might be what you are looking for . 
  however , be warned , this stuff is very dull . 
  also , in my opinion esma is not full of very talented individuals . 
  their work is frequently of a low standard . 
  literature , moscow underground . 
  black humour . 
  this is top class trolling of the socialists by the ump and the kind of thing that the conservatives would do to labour in the uk . 
  in fact , the conservative party are considering rebranding as `` the workers party '' purely to troll labour . 
  we 'll do that after you join the euro and unify migrant quotas ... 
  actually , there are a lot of new product intervention rules in both the uk and elsewhere in the eu . 
  for example , the uk has made it illegal to sell contingent convertible securities to unsophisticated investors . 
  the eu is generally trying to reform the markets in financial instruments directive . 
   whenever it 's okay to invest in stocks without looking at the fundamentals can be debated on , but that 's not what matters here . 
  the problem is that things like binary options are practically betting and should have a tax on them . 
  supporting the average person in placing all his or her saved money on derivatives is a bad idea , they will blame you for their losses later all investing is betting one way or another , whatever the financial product , a simple stock or a derivative . 
  i 'm not supporting average people who do n't understand derivatives investing in them ( though this is not a reason to tax derivatives , it is to put in place product intervention rules in relation to complex products ) . 
   debt bonds where repackaged and resold until people no longer knew what they were buying . 
  but it had an aaa rating so it must be okay , right ? 
  that was basically the problem of the banks during the financial crisis , of course there 's also a ` loaning to live above your means ' of the general population . 
  this relates to transparency and complexity of structured products , but does not relate to taxes on derivatives . 
   by the way , are you going to downvote this post too ? 
  that 's not what downvoting is for  i 've not downvoted any of your posts . 
  i never downvote people that argue in good faith !, 
   there 's a difference between calculated risk and betting . 
  the first is what you do on the stock market , the second is what you do in a casino . 
  no , all investment on a stock market ( or any kind of investment ) involves a degree of betting . 
   what are the benefits from day-trading ? 
  liquidity and cheaper cost of capital . 
   huge amounts of bots that do n't even look at a companies data , but just check the charts to see if they can make a quick profit ? 
  many investors do n't look at company data . 
  lots of private individual ordinary members of the public who want to invest are not capable of understanding company data . 
  this is not a reason to prohibit people from investing . 
   the crash in 2008 was partially caused by the fact that nobody had a clue what they were doing anymore , and the people that did know what they were doing either played the game for maximum short term profits or got away as fast as they could . 
  not really . 
  it was caused by multiple factors , but derivatives were not really a cause . 
   that 's why we had a proposition some time ago that only went into effect once everyone agreed to it . 
  i ca n't recall the name of it right now . 
  the uk was clear from the start that it would not participate and actually from the very start there have only been around 11 member states that want to participate and it seems that they can not agree among themselves what the tax should look like ( hence the very slow progress ) . 
  within the bbc , the today programme comes to close to being like a `` paper of record '' , but i think that lots of the rest of the bbc is a bit far from that concept ... 
   stock markets are all speculation now and there are a lot of scary derivatives that are more like betting than like investing or even speculating ( binary options for example ) . 
  all investment involves betting . 
  it does not make sense to try and split `` good investment '' from `` bad investment '' . 
  all investment opportunities involve risk and return and different levels of those outcomes . 
  derivative transactions are not scary to people that understand them . 
   tax on it would scare people away from and and reduce the amount of day-trading . 
  reducing day-trading and disincentivising people from investing would be a mistake . 
   it 's a tax that could bring in a lot of income while causing pretty much no damage as long as we do n't target stocks themselves . 
  the prices of stocks will be impacted by laws that disincentive derivatives of stocks . 
  the income from it is very uncertain . 
  in practice it will be hard to determine who receives the tax and it may be easy to structure transactions to avoid it . 
  there are some countries in the eu that are trying to create a new financial transactions tax , though the discussions around this are very slow and do n't seem to be getting anywhere . 
  the uk , ireland and luxembourg are not participating . 
  the times . 
   together with a tax on derivatives . 
  what problem is this meant to be a solution for ? 
   the uk will end up leading the opposition it will be interesting to see if any countries end up publicly supporting the uk on this . 
  many will no doubt he happy to let the uk say `` no '' on their behalf . 
  it is going to be tough for those countries when the uk finally says `` no '' to the whole project . 
  nobody to hide behind any more . 
   it would work to the pro-eu side 's advantage to lower the age limit , and the anti-eu sides to keep it as is , or raise it . 
  nobody is seriously suggesting that the voting age should be raised . 
  that would of course be ridiculous gerry-mandering . 
   are you saying i was old enough to make life-changing decisions , but not old enough to put a mark on a piece of paper ? 
  no , i 'm not saying this . 
  people mature at different rates and i do n't know anything about you . 
  however , your own particular maturity does not have a huge amount of relevance when it comes to what the uk voting age should be . 
  a discussion can be had about changing the voting age generally , but it does not make sense to change the voting age specifically for this referendum . 
  the voting age being 18 is not some weird uk specific piece of madness . 
  [ almost the entire world has 18 as the voting age . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_age#/media/file:voting_ages.png ) there is n't a good reason to change the uk 's voting age . 
  is portugal looking to change its voting age out of interest ? 
   it 's almost as if reddit is made up of multiple different people with many different opinions and agendas . 
  i 'm talking about the labour party in the uk rather than random redditors . 
  the labour party has gone from opposing an eu referendum in principle to saying that the normal franchise should be extended to 16 and 17 year olds so that they can vote too , all in the space of a couple of weeks . 
  i find it astonishing the way that many people that three weeks ago were arguing that nobody in the uk should be able to vote in the referendum on the basis that it was too important to be put to the people are now arguing that school children should be able to vote on it . 
   actually , what is being acknowledged in ireland is that our govt made the worst possible choice ( in guaranteeing the banks ) of all those it had on the night the bank guarantee was decided . 
  it was crazy of the irish government to guarantee the liabilities of the banks at a time that they did not know the extent of those liabilities . 
  totally insane . 
   however berlin feared dutch support for the uk against junckers would let other moderately concerned partners consider their position again . 
  in diplomacy , politicians do not go in opposition when there 's no reasonable chance of succes , they would rather nod and save political capital for the next time their voice does have a reasonable impact . 
  so the hague remained in a limbo for very long unclear which side it was going to pick , and it 's ultimate decision could have caused more to follow suit . 
  i agree , the politics and the diplomacy are very tricky here for both the uk and the netherlands . 
  i guess the wild-card here is greece . 
  what happens with greece could have unforseen consequences , which the uk and the netherlands could try and use to their advantage . 
   otherwise in case of a brexit and a nexit , it would make sense if norway , the uk and the netherlands , combined the energy supplier of europe of vital importance to the eu , could create a common body to negotiate a new treaty with the eu , with the terms both sides agree on . 
  yes , this would be very sensible . 
   if the uk does n't succeed to renegotiate the treaties with its partners , i hope we leave too . 
  we 've had enough patience now . 
  the dutch position on brexit is a very interesting one . 
  the netherlands , more than any other eu country apart from ireland , is keen for the uk to stay in the eu , to be a strong voice against becoming a federal state , reduce costs and so forth . 
  in the event of a brexit , the question of a nexit will intensify . 
  personally i do not think that the renegotiation will go far enough so i will vote out . 
  no , it makes sense for the uk to leave and find new buddies in the rest of the world . 
  what 's the point of asking the netherlands their opinion ? 
  seems easier just to agree between france and germany . 
  we got an extreme government in greece despite the european convention on human rights . 
  look at the state russia is in , despite the european convention on human rights . 
  if your argument is that the conservative government should n't be able to change human rights legislation because of weimar germany , then you just do n't understand uk political culture . 
  the conservative government had human rights reform in their manifesto .
