  because they produce a lot of their own food . 
  we 're not going to get a 15 % price drop across the board when we leave - odds are a lot of products will get more expensive . 
  no , products will get cheaper because currently they are inflated by subsidies and tariffs . 
   they agree quotas with the cfp through bilateral deals . 
  their objection is to allowing boats into their waters , but they catch pretty much the same volumes of the same fish as if they were in the cfp . 
  they set their own quotas . 
  there was also a chance that we would leave the eu that she should have been spending the last few years considering . 
  if she is so determined to work for the eu then she should become an eu citizen . 
  trade will continue whether or not there is a trade deal . 
  i do n't believe that there wo n't be a good free trade deal , but it is not the be all and end all . 
   she wanted and studied for an eu job , and now she ca n't get it . 
  people want and study for jobs all the time and do n't get them . 
  this is entirely normal in every country . 
  there was never any guarantee she would get an eu job . 
  however , since 2013 ( when cameron said there would be a referendum ) there has been a serious chance that we would leave the eu . 
  she has had the last three years to consider alternative careers ( which she should have done anyway given that there was never any guarantee she would get a job in the eu ) . 
   i find it amazing that 20 years of economic pain would n't be enough to change a nations mind . 
  no serious economist thinks there will be 20 years of economic pain . 
  it seems weird to consider his tenets at all , given this . 
  however , i think we will be bullheaded over this one in any event . 
   regulatory harmony with our biggest trading partners is paramount . 
  nobody really gives a shit where the decisions are made as long as we get a say in them and they are n't insane decisions . 
  better regulation is more important than regulatory harmonisation . 
   we 'll be able to choose from those 70 countries as we decide which deals to strike up again in future . 
  we may even find some of them are easy deals to make . 
  maybe it 'll only take 30 years to replicate our current trading arrangements . 
  no - all of the significant trading partners - mexico , switzerland , norway , south korea and canada want to maintain seamless and uninterrupted trade with the uk . 
   reducing tariffs will make life far harder for british farmers . 
  if you want taxes to be spent subsidising farmers , vote for a party committed to that . 
  personally i think there are better things taxes can go on . 
   it 'll also make us more reliant on cheap food producing nations - which increases our own exposure to climate change and political problems . 
  we have been reliant on cheap food producing nations for the last 300 years . 
  so what ? 
  we are a trading nation and we trade . 
   and our food prices are not particularly high ( recent currency effects notwithstanding ) . 
  so this seems like a particularly crappy reason to want to leave . 
  they are about 15 % above global food prices . 
   hooray , overfishing . 
  that 'll work out well ... 
  the cap is nonsensical which is why iceland , norway and faroe islands stay out of it . 
  they do n't overfish . 
  why would we ? 
  you call that a ceremony ?!, 
  wait until qeii passes away - you will see what a real ceremony looks like !, 
   worse trade conditions with the eu . 
  being in control of our own regulatory system is paramount for the uk . 
   losing trade deals with over 70 countries . 
  there are no countries that currently have ftas with the eu that do n't want to replicate them with the uk . 
   worse food stability , worse food variance , worse food prices and worse land management . 
  woohoo once we leave the cap and reduce tariffs , food prices will be cheaper , which is fantastic for the poor . 
   no change to quotas and no access to alternative waters if ours have problems . 
  i understand that the uk government will get rid of quotas and put in place a `` days at sea '' policy . 
   it 's hard to beat the siren 's call of the triple lock . 
  personally i am against the triple lock . 
  my hope is that it is not in the conservative party manifesto . 
  there is still a chance it wo n't be . 
  even without it the pensioners will vote tory . 
   she 's likely going to be out of the job she studied for is the point . 
  the uk job market is very flexible and she should take advantage of the many opportunities that it offers her . 
  i disagree with both his tenets and his conclusions . 
   we will get poorer because we will trade less for many years . 
  outside the eu we will be able to increase free trade and reduce protectionism . 
  as we remove tariffs , trade will increase . 
   our only hope would be to accept whatever the eu puts on the table . 
  not really . 
  if the deal is not acceptable , we will walk away from it . 
  however , it is in the eu 's interests to have free trade with the uk . 
   that is revisionist and you know it . 
  17 million people voted leave it was far more than a ` few exceptions ' who wanted trade but less eu regulation . 
  immigration was a huge one , with many voting based on islamic immigration . 
  nothing to do with the single market . 
  i am afraid you are being revisionist . 
  the specific position of vote leave was to leave the single market . 
  however , we now have a general election in which the position of the conservative party is going to be to leave the single market . 
  that policy is going to be endorsed by the british electorate . 
  obviously brexit wo n't be a disaster . 
  there are lots of successful countries in the world that are not in the eu . 
  the parallels are still worth looking at though . 
  they are all countries which at one stage appeared close to joining - whereas now their populations have moved away from the idea . 
  we wo n't get poorer relative to the eu anymore than switzerland , canada or south korea are getting poorer relative to the eu . 
  i agree that bureaucracy will slow things down , but under article 50 the uk is out after two years automatically unless everyone agrees to a delay . 
  so i think things will go a bit quicker than usual . 
   you voted leave so hard working students would be out of a job ? 
  hard working students wo n't be out of a job . 
  uk has extremely low unemployment and many jobs are currently unfilled . 
   err . . loads of people wanted to stay in the single market , it 's the best part of the eu . 
  people that voted remain wanted to stay in the single market . 
  people who voted leave did n't ( other than a few exceptions ) . 
   it was very widely posited that remaining in the single market ` norway style ' would be a great plan . 
  no it was n't . 
  both the leave side and the remain side agreed that if we left the eu we would leave the single market . 
  i agree that we live in an age of uncertainty , but you seem not to be aware of the uk political system and the fact that we are about to have an election which the tories will win convincingly on a get-out-of-the-eu ticket . 
   you 're either party man , or know their secret language . 
  i actually read the uk government 's white paper on leaving the eu which set out the uk government 's policy . 
   i fucking doubt that the brexit negotiations will be complete before 2020 . 
  by that time britain might have a new government that might be pro-eu and then they will cancel the negotiations or try and start the returning process back . 
  we are about to have a general election in which parties promising to respect the referendum result will win an overwhelming number of seats . 
  it is extremely unlikely that a pro eu government gets in power in the uk . 
   but entry to the single market would not be . 
  the uk government policy is to stay out of the single market .
