  also , we have low unemployment in the uk . 
  austerity has been able to work here because we have the pound . 
  if we were in the eurozone we would not have had the options available to us . 
  great britain has had there foreign ministers of jewish background within the last 15ish years : rifkind , straw and miliband . 
  i agree with what you have written , but note that italy is number 4 in the eu by population size and number 9 in the world by economic size . 
  i would like it if italy was a more powerful voice in the eu . 
  but i expect that had berlusconi not been in power , then monti or letta or renzi would have signed it anyway as all nations in the euro signed it . 
  you are powerless because you are in the euro . 
  your government can not say no the brussels or berlin . 
  when was the last time an italian said no to europe ? 
  the only nations who refused to sign it were the uk and czech - and of course the rest of europe was very angry with the uk . 
  would n't it have been signed by mario monti and then ratified by parliament ? 
   italy is one of the few eu countries with a primary budget surplus and deserves some leeway to boost internal demand . 
  you ca n't reduce the the gdp/debt ratio if you do n't generate some growth first . 
  by insisting on austerity brussels is condemning more and more young south europeans to misery and unemployment . 
  honest question : why did italy agree to sign the fiscal compact if it did n't like the conditions of the fiscal compact ? 
   in fairness , the uk had betrayed treaties and alliances for centuries - we did n't earn the title perfidious albion for nothing . 
  brits have not really been different from other powers in this respect . 
  the `` perfide albion '' title has french origins and has never been extensively used other than in france . 
  i 'm not sure france 's long-term foreign policy has been any less perfidious than britain 's . 
  i quite agree . 
  unfortunately it think the mentality of the average guardian reader in the uk is to be supportive of what russia has done in crimea , so these comments are unsurprising . 
  yeah , obviously languages that are living change all the time and it is impossible to regulate them and crazy to attempt that . 
  in my opinion it makes much more sense for dictionary writers to be describing how language is used rather than prescribing its use . 
  however , some cultures are a bit more protective of their language than others . 
  in relation to english , obviously it is a germanic language that has been extremely influenced by romance vocabulary . 
  but this is n't really `` official '' ... 
  the academie francaise has an official status within france with respect to the french language and french is the official language of france and there are various legislative french acts relating to the use of the french language , so in some senses official french is regulated . 
  differently in england english is not an official language and has no official status and there is no body equivalent to the academie francaise with any authoritative status . 
  thus i can just about understand why someone might think that the word `` official '' makes sense in relation to french ( though not the way / u/turnusb used it ) but not in relation to english . 
  i think `` official '' is a bit too grand an expression to use in relation to english . 
  english is a very unofficial language : nobody is in charge and nobody tries to regulate it . 
  thanks for the response and an interesting post . 
  tomorrow i will explain why i have a different idea on this from you . 
  i spent two years living in italy and i do think the attitude of italians towards a european identity is profoundly different from the british attitude towards it . 
  i think this is mainly because ( i ) italians have a very strong local identity whereas brits do n't , ( ii ) italy is relatively young as nation , whereas britain ( or more realistically england and scotland as separate nations ) are old nations , ( iii ) italy 's experience of empire was particularly unhappy and italy has not tended to see itself as a global nation , other than with respect to emigration to the us and argentina , while britain 's experience of empire ( while not without problems ) was less unhappy , ( iv ) italy is the only major nation speaking italian and most italians speak english and french , helping them identity with other parts of europe , whereas english is spoken as a native language in other parts of the world and most brits do not speak other european languages , ( v ) while italy has an incredible cultural history , it has arguably not been good at exporting its culture around the globe , whereas britain has forced its culture everywhere , and this means that those cultures where they play rugby and cricket , watch english tv shows and the bbc , use the english legal system , share lots of cultural references and ways of thinking with brits , ( vi ) italy 's experience of ww2 was an unhappy own and some italians associate ideas of italy with that unhappy experience , and use the idea of europe as a way of moving on , while ww2 was for brits , to quote churchill , our finest hour , which has meant that we are much less inclined to want to trust a european system as being safer for us than a british system , ( vii ) italians value history much more than brits and arguably for italians the finest period of italian history was the renaissance which was a particularly european part of history , whereas brits do n't tend to value or think about medieval or early modern history much and arguably the finest period in british history was between the industrial revolution to ww1 , a time in which britain was less interested in europe ( other than the balance of power ) and instead more linked to the rest of the world ) ( viii ) italy has only recently been immigration nation and italians have not had much time to get used to `` extracommunitari '' , whereas britain has been an immigration nation for longer and has had a long time to get used to west indians , pakistanis and indians etc , while we are still getting used to the massive amounts of immigration from eastern europe ( though in fairness italians have been coming to britain for decades and fit in very well ) and finally ( ix ) the consequence of being an island rather than a peninsula : when brits say `` europe '' we mean `` that place across the channel '' whereas italians say `` europa '' and mean both `` that place across the alps '' and also `` this side of the alps '' . 
   then all the other layers are european . 
  french , german , spanish , british , irish , dutch ... 
  i have learned the culture and the history since i started school in italy , i have traveled and lived in some of these european countries , and most of my friends come from all over it . 
  they are part of me . 
  they are me . 
  my way of seeing what is beautiful , worthy and right stems from this european identity . 
  i belong to europe as a whole . 
  i am european . 
  i know you are sincere in what you write , but have you encountered places outside europe or do you have friends outside of europe ? 
  have you studied any non-european cultures ? 
  personally i am not sure if european culture and history is really distinct from the culture of western civilization generally ( and this would include the americas and austrasia etc ) . 
  how much stronger is your `` european '' identity than your `` human '' identity ? 
   do you think that there might be a better way to break down the borders between other countries such as russia or turkey ? 
  actually , i think things like the internet , globalisation , trade and so forth have broken down borders massively already . 
  arguably the nation state is already dead . 
  i ca n't tell if that is a good thing or a bad thing : i 'm not sure what it is being replaced with !, 
  maybe i am being picky , but to me that is a legal and political arrangement rather than a natural arrangement . 
  i do n't see europeans as `` naturally '' different from non-europeans thus i do n't see borders within europe as `` naturally '' different from borders between europe and the rest of the world ... 
  why is it `` the natural state '' for there to be open borders in europe but not the rest of the world ? 
  are open borders with the rest of the world somehow `` unnatural '' or `` supernatural '' ? 
   fixed salaries for doctors , nurses and other medical personnel that depend on their experience and achievements ouch . 
  what about those doctors and other medical professionals that work privately ? 
  is the eu really going to get involved with setting their salaries ? 
  is n't that something for individuals to work out with their employers ? 
  like most brits i have heritage from all over britain and like a large minority of brits i also have irish blood ( two of my grand-parents are irish ) . 
  i was born in england and except for a period living in italy and a period living in japan i have always lived in england . 
  most people in my position a generation ago would have self-defined as british . 
  recently i have increasingly started to define myself as english rather than british - this has been one of the somewhat surprising but noticable trends since extensive devolution for scotland : the english have re-discovered an indentity that they had almost forgotten they had . 
  i only tend to use `` british '' when i am speaking legally or formally , but in terms of culture and identity i now use english . 
  like most english people i still have a sense of the `` home nations '' and still would always support the irish , welsh and scottish football teams if they are playing any foreign nation . 
  i feel i have some connection with : - the anglosphere and commonwealth ( those peoples that for example speak english , live under the common law or the westminster system of government , have qe2 as their head of state and play british sports like cricket and rugby ) - those other europeans that have been responsible , along with my own nation , for creating `` western civilization '' - but also , having lived in japan and spent a lot of time in kenya and ethiopia and knowing a lot of people who come from outside europe and outside the anglosphere , am reminded that a common humanity is already a very strong tie and stronger than many other cultural ties . 
   open borders ? 
  that 's the natural state of things as far as i 'm concerned . 
  everywhere in the globe ? 
  or just in the eu ( among rich nations for white people ) . 
   would you concede that this applies to the crimean referendum under russian supervision , considering that a nationalist government in kiev is unlikely to provide for a lawful process of secession for crimea ? 
  in general , a unilateral declaration of independence is , i think , justified only after all legal and diplomatic efforts have been tried and have failed . 
  i do n't think crimea have really reached that point yet . 
  the new kiev government is only a few weeks old and it is planned that there will be new ukrainian elections relatively soon . 
  we do n't know what that new government will look like . 
  i think it would have been better for the crimean government to have waited a little longer and agreed the process with the next ( democratically elected ) ukrainian goverment . 
  also , it would have been better if this crimean referendum were n't being boycotted by a particular ethnic minority within crimea and there were n't russian troops within crimea and that this referendum were n't being supervised by russia . 
  personally i think that in the long term it probably does make sense for crimea to be part of russia rather than ukraine in the longer term . 
  but i think that too much has gone wrong with the current process , so i think that , on balance , the west is correct not to recognise the referendum . 
  having said that , perhaps my expectations and standards are unrealistic . 
  what manages to work between scotland and england ( which are , whatever their faults , mature and stable democracies which have gone through a slow and continuous transition of constitutional change lasting 100s of years ) is unlikely to work for crimea . 
   do you have a reference ? 
  the last thing i heard was barroso saying that spain is unlikely to approve scottish membership since it even vetoes recognition of kosovo until the present day . 
  barroso did say something along those lines , but i think the big difference between scotland and kosovo is that kosovo became independent outside a legal process with serbia . 
  scotland is not planning on doing that . 
  [ here is an article which confirms that spain considers that the scotland situation is different from catalonia ] ( http://www.elperiodico.com/es/noticias/politica/margallo-admite-que-espana-consideraria-entrada-una-escocia-independiente-3067209 ) . 
  i 'm not sure if you read spanish , but the spanish foreign minister essentially told the financial times ( orginal behind a paywall ) that spain has no intention of interferring in scottish independence and is ready to consider a scottish application to join the eu as an independent state . 
  i am going to trust the spanish foreign minister here . 
   if a country does not allow for a lawful process for self-determination , then that is a good case for breaking the law . 
  even you , as a lawyer , can hardly claim that all law must be obeyed . 
  i 'd never claim that all law must be obeyed . 
  there have been plenty of instances in human history in which laws should not be obeyed . 
  i see the job of a lawyer to say what the law is and to advise on the legal consequences of breaking the law rather than to say that a law should necessarily be obeyed or not . 
  i agree , that outside a legal process for self-determination , an illegal process is the only option . 
  this is somewhat sad and could potentially lead to a lot of uncertainty for a peoples and there are risks of bloodshed , so ideally a legal process should be followed . 
  i still hope that spain will eventually reach a legal agreement with catalonia . 
  arguably many catalans would be happy simply with greater autonomy ( e.g. 
  taxes etc ) rather than full-on independence . 
  recently the uk government has said that if scotland stays in the uk it will be given further tax-raising powers and the ability to raise funds via issuing bonds on the money markets .
