  i 'm still not convinced that it should n't be `` tchooshk '' . 
   what is the difference between sweden and the rest ? 
  in my mind geo-politics and ( to a lesser extent ) the doctrine of acquis communautaire . 
  - when sweden joined the eu , there was no legal requirement to join the euro . 
  this is different from all the other non-euro-member states without de jure opt-outs . 
  it can therefore legitimately argue that its position is similar to that of denmark and the uk . 
  - for many years sweden has done nothing to join the euro when it could easily meet all the criteria if it wanted . 
  this puts it in practical terms in a special unique category . 
  also , swedes just do n't want to join the euro ( much more than the others ) . 
  i think the commission recognises that this popular opposition is currently extremely entrenched . 
  also , the fact that sweden is many respects is close politically to denmark , the uk and norway means that it is perceived as not having a de jure requirement to join the euro , even when it has . 
  but let me know if you disagree !, 
   because they aimed to miss-inform people like you . 
  the labour party did n't mention europe because they did n't want to lose even more votes to ukip . 
   no , it 's whether the uk wants to be in the eu or not . 
  there will be a renegotiation at some stage and both parties will need a strategy . 
  the eu already has to accommodate the uk because it is never joining the euro . 
  the uk is already a special snowflake that gets special treatment . 
  it will contintue to get more special treatment , because that 's what brits want . 
  that 's why juncker has specifcally clarified that he respects the uk 's opt outs and the uk specificities . 
  he knows he has to do a special deal with the uk . 
  the uk is an exception . 
  why so many foreigners have problem with that name ? 
  there already is the word `` tusk '' in the english language , so i guess i already have in my mind an expectation of how to say t and u and end in sk . 
  but surely this guy 's name sounds different from the english word , tusk ? 
   this is like news television having climate change denier and homeopaths on air . 
  no , it 's not like that . 
  it is about whether or not you want the uk in the eu or not . 
  if you do , then respond to eusceptic concerns and the uk gets to repatriate powers . 
  if not , then the uk leaves . 
  this is just political pragmatism . 
   am i to understand you 'd advocate using them as the standard of journalistic excellence by virtue of popularity ? 
  no , of course not . 
  however , you can either respond to the concerns of voters , or you can ignore them . 
  personally i think it makes sense not to ignore them . 
   yes , i wonder how we 'll we ever survive if we ignore `` british concerns '' about having their cake and eating it too . 
  you 'll survive just fine . 
  you 'll do great . 
  it will just be an eu without the uk , which is something we both want . 
   would a school child in spain be able to name the president of france ? 
  i consider myself politically aware , but it turns out that off the top of my head , there are a lot of heads of governments of eu states that i do n't know . 
  - uk : cameron - ireland : kenny - france : hollande - netherlands : rutte - luxembourg : ??? 
  ? , i know they just had elections though . 
  - sweden : reinfeldt - denmark : thorning-schmidt - finland : i do n't know what his name is , but i do know that he has glasses , blond hair and a young face . 
  - spain : rajoy - portugal : not sure , but think he is centre right and they had elections a couple of years back - italy : renzi - germany : angela - austria : not sure ??? 
  - poland : tusk ( i would not know how to pronouce this ) - hungary : orban - slovakia : not sure ??? 
  - czech : zheman ???? 
  ( not sure if he is the president or the pm ) - slovenia : not sure ??? 
  - croatia : not sure ??? 
  - bulgaria : not sure , but i understand the government is about to collapse ? 
  - romania : not sure ??? 
  - greece : samaras - malta : ??? 
  - cyprus : andastadias ( might have spelt this wrong ) - latvia : ??? 
  - lithuania : i do n't know if she is the pm or president , but there is a lady called grybauskeiter who has a blackbelt in judo who seems important . 
  - estonia : ??? 
  i think a majority of brits would know of hollande and merkel but none of the others . 
  sweden , while not having a de jure opt out , essentially now has a de facto opt out that the likes of poland , czech etc do n't have . 
  there is no political expectation that sweden will join the eurozone . 
   should i also respond to the concerns of those in firm belief that the sky is falling ? 
  how many people voted for sky is falling in parties in the last elections ? 
   it 's into consideration everywhere , even in uk for national politician . 
  corruption of public official is a human fact , not a specifically cultural one . 
  certainly , the intensity varies , but it 's always there . 
  in the uk , when politicians lose elections they just get whatever pension rights they have accrued - they do n't get an entitlement to `` readjust '' to life after westminster . 
  while obviously there is some corruption in the uk , i 've never heard it being used as a justification for the pay of public officials . 
  corruption and salary/entitlements are seen as two different discussions ( and in my mind they are ) . 
  the main reason that in the uk politicians are not paid more is because of the uk 's famously aggressive media would destroy them . 
  [ the uk media loves to take down politicians who are seen as financially corrupt ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/apr/09/maria-miller-resigns-as-culture-secretary-over-expenses-row ) . 
  thus i think that the media helps keep this aspect of public life honest . 
  is this the same in italy ? 
   but i have to say that cameron campaigned in a silly way . 
  if you want results , you first target the big jobs , and you leave the average fonctionnaire as last . 
  targeting everybody in the same way made it look like a vague populistic allegation instead of a serious matter of public policy . 
  [ on this particular point , cameron ended up winning ] ( http://www.openeurope.org.uk/article/page/en/live?id=9905&amp;page=flashanalysis ) . 
  i also think he was right to look at funding of every brussles public official . 
  after all , in the uk during this current recession , the pay of every public official , at every level of government was frozen and i think this happened in many other member states too - in fact i think in ireland their pay was actually cut . 
  i do n't see why brussels should not have to go through the same pain that everyone else did ( and i am sure you agree with me on this ) . 
  cameron only won because he got an alliance with the other budgetary hawks ( netherlands and sweden ) and in the end also germany . 
  i think all over the eu , the actual european public would think that the average brussels functionnaire should not be subject to priviledges that are wildly above those of the member states or immune from austerity that everyone else saw . 
  given this view , it is extremely worrying that so few governments of member states end up agreeing with the uk on something as obviously fair as this . 
  we all think the uk is right . 
  yet very few people can be seen to agree with the bad guys . 
   what amuses me is the fact that you believe this is a specific eu institutions matter . 
  politicians are overpaid everywhere , as we know quite well in italy . 
  it 's not because of eu culture as such that they 're paid stupid amounts , it 's because in most countries , this is the norm . 
  i 'm not saying this is specific to the eu and obviously i do n't think public officials should be overpaid anywhere ... 
  however , it does seem that there is [ a particular problem in the eu when 10,000 eu officials get more from the tax-payer than david cameron - pretty much the highest paid public official in the uk - gets ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/the-staggers/2010/07/officials-earn-300-office ) . 
  and as mentioned , i think the reason for the difference between the payment of uk public officials and eu officials the fact that public officials are overpaid in many member states in my mind is of course also a problem , but does n't mean that the problem at eu level should not be tacked urgently . 
   as for the rest you said , greens and gue have campaigned against big pays for commissioners since the start . 
  well , this is very good of them !, 
  unfortunately we are probably in a situtation where there will be a permanent s&d / alde/epp alliance and none of them seem to really care . 
   the sad reality is that we care about eu issues , but most people in most countries have been accurately trained not to . 
  obscurantist media and national governments have made the eu a grey matter , not much the eu itself . 
  i 'm do n't think people have been trained not to care about eu issues . 
  it is more that they have n't been trained to care about them . 
  the starting point for people is to not care . 
   and yet , crap loads of media ignore the big changes made everyday in citizens ' life brought by eu legislation . 
  when they give attention , it 's generally a pile of misinformed click-bait-y shite . 
  personally i do n't really blame the media here . 
  ( a free press can really do whatever it wants - there is nothing to stop you or me creating new media ... ) the media also responds to the concerns of the public , just as much as it formulates those concerns .
