   while eurofederalism want to abolish borders eufederalism wants to abolish some borders [ but it does n't want to abolish others ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/spain/10859959/spanish-border-stormed-by-400-migrants-from-morocco.html ) . 
  the difference between euscepticism and eufederalism is a difference of degree rather than a difference in kind . 
  they just disagree on how many borders there should be and where they should be . 
  but the votes of each country are not worth the same amount . 
  germany 's vote under qmv is worth more than the other countries . 
  to say that all the countries have one vote each hides the fact that the votes are not worth the same amount . 
   amazing how when this viewpoint is expressed with a european flag it 's top comment , when i make it with an italian flag near my username i get downvotes and sneers . 
  try making eusceptic comments with the uk flag if you really want to get downvoted !, 
  rumours in the uk are that the uk wants the role of commissioner for internal market and services ( barnier is the current commissioner ) . 
  being outside of the eurozone , the uk effectively can not be given commissioner for economic and financial affairs . 
  the uk government would likely consider the role of commissioner for competition/trade/enterprise to be a bit of a snub . 
  the uk government have a difficult task in selecting someone who is sufficiently eusceptic but not outright euphobic ... 
  the various eu countries do n't have one vote each in the council . 
  the amount of votes they each have in qualified majority voting is linked to population size . 
   so why brute ? 
  i think r/europe has probably had its collective fill of uk euscepticism over the last couple of days and i am not really sure if this is really the right thread for that discussion to take place again ... :-) [ if you 're interested , there is a discussion here . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/270o6i/why_do_the_britains_want_to_leave_the_eu/ ), 
   and you vote for them because lack of democracy in eu or `` they took our jobs ! '', 
  argument speaks to you better ? 
  neither of these arguments really speak to me . 
  i wonder if even one ukip or jobbik lover seen that or other internet thing to get eu closer to people . 
  i 'm a ukip voter ( though not lover ... ) and have seen this and other internet things . 
  [ technically i think hungary 's orban was the very first to be public and open about juncker ] ( http://euobserver.com/eu-elections/124293 ) , but perhaps nobody really considers the views of orban in this . 
  cameron was the first person who matters . 
   it is , but nobody wants it to go the ugly way . 
  the european council exists as a way to ensure national governments have the first and last word on european affairs , and picking a candidate by qualified majority against the wishes of one of the bigger countries ( the uk , for example ) would be terrible for the solidity of the eu . 
  i guess you are right . 
  i am being too legalistic - as usual . 
   the only blunder on cameron 's part was taking the bait and being the first to publicly oppose juncker . 
  this was a calculated move by cameron . 
  you 're forgetting the rabidly euphobic ranks of the parliamentary conservative party , the rabidly euphobic uk press and the ( increasingly ) rabidly euphobic uk public . 
  cameron being seen to publicly say no to europe is what some brits want : it helps his chances at re-election . 
  the procedure in article 17 ( 7 ) of the teu is qualified majority . 
  i am not sure how possible unanimous consent will be in this case ( though most of them would think it preferable ) . 
   merkel does n't want juncker just as strongly as cameron . 
  she will delay the matter to make it look like she 's doing her best to uphold the election result , but in the end she 'll be very sad to announce another candidate is necessary . 
  just wait and see . 
  perhaps you 're right on this . 
  the overall outcome would not be the same if there were no laws against robbery . 
  there is no point making constitutional change unless the outcome would be better for people . 
  it is not clear that getting rid of the british monarchy would improve things for people . 
  that 's pragmatism . 
   it 's the oddest thing . 
  in general , british diplomats et al seem to be aware of the value and concept of compromises - but whenever it gets to european issues they start burning bridges as if the bridges were catholic . 
  the uk is getting a bit better at this . 
  [ remember the eu budgetary hawks ? 
  ] ( http://www.openeurope.org.uk/article/page/en/live?id=9905&amp;page=flashanalysis ), 
   maybe he means the armed forces ? 
  the uk armed forces do have an oath of allegiance to qe2 . 
  i am guessing the same kind of thing happens in the netherlands and the rest of the north west european constitutional monarchies ? 
   interestingly for my country our pm helle thorning-schmidt has been put forward by merkel as a compromise candidate that the uk could accept , since our country is also eurosceptic the way that the uk media are portraying this is that the uk will put forward thorning-schmidt as a compromise candidate that germany could accept . 
  [ cameron has been trying to flatter thorning-schmidt for a while . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/nelson-mandela/10511954/nelson-mandela-helle-thorning-schmidt-defends-david-cameron-selfie.html ) cameron views denmark as a crucial ally in trying to repatriate powers from the eu . 
   to the uk where people swear their loyalty to protect the crown rather than enforcing the people 's opinion almost nobody in the uk does this . 
  i have never done this ( although i am a supporter of the monarchy in the uk for pragmatic reasons ) . 
   eu politics on this level is usually decided with a consensus , so if any of the big countries are openly against i think they 'll find another candidate , even if they do n't have a blocking minority . 
  the uk is openly against juncker but i do n't think the uk can do this alone ( however much the uk threatens ) . 
  however if france also blocks juncker ( if reports are to be believed ) then juncker is toast . 
   didnt they agree before the elections to support the candidate who 's party got most votes ? 
  i think most eu leaders did not specifically agree to this . 
  i do n't think they said anything about it . 
  uk , france , hungary and sweden together do not have a blocking minority and even with denmark and netherlands i think they still just about fall short . 
  if italy were to join them ( which i doubt ) , they would . 
  it looks like this might come down to merkel . 
  if the uk and france really do manage to reach an agreement to block juncker , then i can not see merkel going with him . 
  a somewhat optimistic piece of writing by the telegraph at this stage , i think !, 
  when i first read your comment i thought you were suggesting that queen elizabeth ii became the queen of spain . 
  now that would make european politics really interesting . 
  the `` rules '' are set out in article 17 ( 7 ) of the teu . 
  the uk and ireland wo n't change because they do n't need to . 
  there would be no advantage to changing . 
  this is a very new development and there was more uncertainty beforehand . 
  uk newspapers are reporting that italy is also not happy about juncker . 
  we 'll see how things go !, 
  an interesting development by the uk labour party ( but an inevitable one given the eu election ) and i expect the rebellion to develop further over the coming weeks . 
  i expect ukip , in the run up to the general election to focus more on the labour party than the conservative party . 
  labour voters are potentially lower hanging fruit . 
  i think the distinction you are making about welfare payments and labour market instruments might not be an easy one to make in practice . 
  there have been multiple times when the uk has been taken to [ court on this ] ( http://www.openeurope.org.uk/article/page/en/live?id=11437 ) . 
  but i have not looked into this very closely . 
  the conservatives actually would like to reform the benefits system , but they do not have a parliamentary majority , so can do very little currently . 
  i agree with you . 
  hopefully if the uk leaves the eu we will agree a trade arrangement with canada immediately . 
  since when has the eu allowed discrimination in relation to welfare payments ? 
  what is the difference between welfare payments and labour market instruments ? 
  the snp campaigned specifically about ukip in scotland , saying that ukip had no place in scotland . 
  had ukip not been elected in scotland , his argument , that scotland is fundamentally different from the rest of the uk , would have been stronger than it currently is . 
  getting 10 % of the vote and an mep elected by definition means that ukip are a force in scotland and have actual ground . 
  also , the conservatives also gained share of the vote in scotland . 
  it seems like you are moving further right too . 
  also , wanting to leave the eu does not make you xenophobic . 
  my own personal view is that the eu does not benefit as a whole with the cap . 
  i do not believe that the state should subsidise agriculture as it encourages inefficiency . 
  i would prefer that each country decided to subsidise agriculture by itself . 
  i would also prefer that africa were able to export agriculture to the eu , by not having to compete against a subsidised industry . 
  if the uk were to leave the eu , i would prefer that the uk gradually reduced subsidies of agriculture over , say , a decade . 
  farmers would be forced to adapt . 
  the uk 's welfare system is a `` needs '' based system rather than a `` contributions '' based system . 
  rather than changing our system , it might make more sense to leave the eu . 
  ukip were fourth in scotland , roughly doubling their share of vote .
