   it is not limited to the westminster system . 
  over here politicians speak directly to the chairman as well during debates are your politicians allowed to directly address each other ? 
  here , politians are required to address just the speaker . 
  yes , most eusceptics in the uk ( like me ) would like the uk to pull out of the jurisdiction of the echr as soon as possible . 
  this is a convention countries that use the westminster parliamentary system . 
  the conventions around parliamentary debates are complicated and have developed over hundreds of years . 
   the commissions calls these `` directives '' , essentially bits of advice . 
  directives are n't bits of advice , they are law . 
  obvious troll is obvious ... 
  the really interesting ( in my mind ! ), 
  piece of data here are the italian figures . 
   at the other end of the scale , italy is by the far the country where attitudes towards the euro have deteriorated the most , where there is a 9pp increase in the proportion of respondents who think having the euro is the bad thing for their country . 
  we now have a situation where 47 % of italians think that the euro is bad for italy , compared to 43 % of italians who think that the euro is good for italy . 
  this is incredibly interesting because the change compared to last year seems to be quite dramatic . 
  if this trend in public opinion continues , then we are in for some interesting times . 
   pretty much the same i would think . 
  maybe every other nation seems to be publicily more docile on this topic , it looks like the hard-line xenophobia comes from the islands . 
  there is n't hardline xenophobia in the uk . 
  [ the uk is one of the most racially tolerant countries in the entire world ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2013/05/15/a-fascinating-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-racially-tolerant-countries/ ) . 
  the belief that people in the rest of the eu should not automatically have the right to work in the uk is not xenophobic . 
  just in on the economist point , look at ruth lea . 
  i agree that leaving the euro would not , of itself , solve italy 's problems ; just as having the pound does not solve all of the uk 's problems . 
  but the uk has been able to run a higher deficit and have quantitative easing and that has meant that the uk now has high growth and low unemployment : the opposite of italy . 
  i 'm surprised you put ireland in the same category as italy , spain and greece . 
  ireland 's problems were very different from those of the mediterranean . 
  while i agree that italy 's problems were not caused by the eu , they were an inevitable consequence of the euro . 
  at the time the euro was formed , it was known that italy would not be able to keep up with germany . 
  outside the euro , italy would have more economic and monetary options available to it . 
  at the time italy joined the euro , it became certain that italy would have an economic disaster . 
  big business in the uk is much more pro-eu than small business . 
  ( go figure - i work in big business myself and obviously we love all the regulation that comes from the eu that stops our competition being able to compete with us ) . 
  economists are actually very divided on the question . 
  actually , i think his view is the majority view . 
  i think most brits would rather have an immigration policy based on objective criteria ( eg . 
  skills ) rather than based on nationality . 
  there wo n't be major economic damage when we leave the eu . 
  your job in london will be fine and you can stay living here . 
  there has already been major economic damage to italy . 
  that 's what you need to worry about . 
  look at the state of italy . 
  anglo-portuguese alliance forever !!!!, 
  i think we will stay on your time , along with ireland too ... 
  lol @ france :-), 
  it has been widely reported in the press that [ an eu referendum is no longer a deal-breaker for the lib dems ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2014/10/lib-dems-set-out-their-red-lines-eu-referendum-no-longer-one-them ) . 
  this makes me think that a second coalition government between the tories and the lib dems remains quite possible . 
  ummmm - the uk will veto all of these ideas . 
  i understand what you are saying , but it is still the case that not one serious mainstream politician in the eurozone has really suggested leaving the euro . 
  i think as an obstacle it is insurmountable . 
  also , disbanding the euro seems to contravene the principle of `` ever closer union '' . 
  disbanding the euro would lead to an existential crisis for the eu of gigantic proportions . 
  merkel is wrong to say that europe fails if the euro fails . 
  what she means of course is that the eu fails if the euro fails . 
  and she 'd be correct . 
  blair was popular with the middle classes , both on the centre left and the centre right . 
  he won elections by getting former conservatives to vote labour . 
  his rhetoric was never really aimed at the core labour vote and the working classes did not really warm to him . 
  it is n't strange that the working classes are voting for a thatcherite party . 
  after all , lots of working classes voted for thatcher , who was from a relatively modest background . 
  when thatcher said `` our people '' which she did in many of her speeches , she was talking about working classes who were aspirational . 
  the working classes tend not dislike free market capitalism : they just stopped liking the tory brand . 
  many of the working classes are also much more socially conservative than the middle classes . 
  and ukip also appeals to social conservatives . 
  the ukip brand is relatively new brand and does not have middle-class connotations . 
  the euro does have to go , you are correct . 
  however , the euro was meant to be the crowing glory of the eu project : the symbol of ever closer union , that would bring jobs and prosperity to europe . 
  there is no easy way of ending currency union . 
  it is hard to get rid of the euro , without blowing apart a foundation of the eu . 
  voters moving from labour to ukip might look surprising , but it really should n't be . 
  a lot of the labour vote has always been a soft one and characterised as an `` anti-tory '' vote , rather than a `` pro-labour '' or `` anti-right '' vote . 
  thus , when a new party on the right emerges , that does not have the tory-brand , it is a relatively easy switch for former labour voters . 
  voting ukip has the added bonus of annoying the tories . 
  labour has also taken its core working class vote for granted for years . 
  blair did not really connect with them . 
  brown famously called a labour voter a bigot . 
  miliband does not connect with them either . 
  labour now find themselves fighting a war on three fronts : the conservatives , ukip and the snp . 
  tough to be them ... 
  i agree . 
  we should also stop paying attention to the uk - even though the uk is the loudest complainer , the uk is outside the euro and is currently doing well economically . 
  everyone expects the uk to be difficult , but france as a founding member of the eu , fully inside the euro and schengen , is a totally different story . 
  the frenco-german axis has been crucial to europe . 
  there are now signs that this relationship is fundamentally changing . 
  germany is doing better economically . 
  merkel is seen as strong whereas hollande is weak . 
  france has high unemployment and low growth . 
  the french public are getting increasingly angry and increasingly anti-german . 
  the front national are doing very well in the polls . 
  the future of the european project will be made or broken in france . 
  i also think that globalisation is the main cause . 
  however , globalisation is here to stay . 
  italy needs to adapt to globalisation . 
  the uk currently has the hugest number of jobs that it has ever had in its entire history . 
  germany is also managing to export easily . 
  italy needs to look at how the uk and germany are coping with globalisation and make some changes . 
  otherwise things will just keep getting worse in italy . 
  it would be interesting to see what the numbers were for france , netherlands , switzerland , denmark ... 
  ukip are now taking votes off labour as well as the tories . 
  [ look at the trend in the polls !, 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_united_kingdom_general_election ) the rise in ukip has not resulted in labour pulling further ahead of the tories . 
  instead , the gap has narrowed .
