  i 'm very pro scotland having much more control over its own laws . 
  what type of law are you thinking about ? 
   however , if everyone were to get a rebate for laws they do n't perfectly like , you ca n't have a political union at all . 
  the rebate is budgetary adjustment mechanism : a budget that the uk is a net contributor towards . 
  remove the uk from this system and others will have to pay more to fill the gap . 
   it 's not up to the eu to take sides in that decision , only to support whatever decision the citizens take . 
  yes , i 'm simply pointing out that the scots would not have lost eu citizenship . 
   there are no provisions for a split of an existing member state in eu law . 
  you can not hide behind `` it 's the law '' , because there is no law on this particular case . 
  the fact that there is no law providing for an eu member state splitting means that international legal norms apply . 
  international law is unambiguous here . 
  the reason why there are no eu laws on this point is because the member states do n't want it . 
  the only way to get an eu law on this is to change the treaties . 
  this will never happen because we brits are going to veto any treaty changes about anything from now on . 
  ;-)  and a refusal to accomodate the self-determination of its citizens would be quite antidemocratic . 
  nobody is refusing the self-determination of citizens though . 
  everyone would have recognised scotland as a new country . 
   it simply makes no sense to throw scotland out scotland woulnd ' t be thrown out . 
  scotland is not a member state . 
   only to make them follow a pro forma procedure which they will inevitably succeed in ... judging by all the comments from mariano rajoy , scotland would not have succeeded . 
  also , scotland wanted derogations from schengen , the euro etc. 
  would you have wanted your government to give them those opt outs ? 
  i know many many scots who are celebrating . 
   so , you want to dictate eu policy ? 
  i just have a view on what that policy should be !, 
  i 'm not a dictator !, 
   how would you like scotland to dictate certain uk policies to be scrapped ? 
  i really do n't follow . 
  edit after your edit :  besides , the money should go where it is needed , as you said yourself . 
  why is that true for the uk but not for the eu ? 
  i agree that money should go where it is needed . 
  that 's why i think the cap should be scrapped : so that money can actually go where it is needed . 
   one day they would be eu citizens , the next day not , despite a lack of violating any eu policy in practice or in spirit . 
  they would have stayed eu citizens as they would still have been uk citizens . 
   that does n't help them with their businesses etc. 
  in scotland at all and forces other disadvantages on them that they do n't want . 
  yes - this is something that they might have considered when they were voting . 
  this really is how the eu works though . 
  it is based on member states . 
   ( btw the difference of yes and no was 375.000 , so the scottish actually voted for independence ) . 
  there are a lot more scots living in england who are pro the union ... 
   they wo n't get another chance to vote unless there is a big effort made by the scottish people to show they want one . 
  marching in the streets and rallys . 
  rather than marching on the streets and rallys , they will get another referendum if they get a mandate for one - bit like what happened this time round . 
  scots that want a referendum again ( and some will ) should vote for a political party that has a manifesto commitment for that . 
   it does n't quite work if everyone does it . 
  really ? 
  economics is not a zero-sum game . 
  however , unfortunately portugal 's issues are far greater than their tax rates . 
   like the uk did n't see just as much trouble . 
  we 'll see how things go , but a hugh majority of people in the uk is glad we kept the pound . 
  in france , i do n't see a huge majority of people being glad that you decided to join the euro . 
  also , currently france is not growing economically and unemployment remains high . 
  in the uk the picture is different . 
  there is just no way that the uk will be joining the eurozone . 
   it looks like no is mostly in the countryside . 
  actually , it looks like `` yes '' is mainly in a few cities , with `` no '' being everywhere else . 
   with scotland now remaining within the uk it makes a labour majority in westminster in 2015 look likely i 'm not sure we 're at the likely stage yet . 
  if the economy keeps improving , all bets are off . 
   do you know what the reason for the uk is to refuse a currency union until scotland could adopt the euro ? 
  currency unions are unstable without political union . 
  look at the eurozone . 
  this is unstable even though the nations of the eurozone are meant to be moving closer together politically . 
  the instability in the poundzone , two nations that would be moving apart , would be far far worse . 
   and the same goes for eu accession , the only reason to prevent a expedited accession is to prevent a precedent , which might lead to the secession of other regions as they would have a simple and save solution for the eu question . 
  this is simply not a valid argument and unfair against the scottish . 
  speak to spain about that . 
   if it 's basically a money dependence problem which kept scotland in the union , rather than a heartfelt feeling of national unity , it 's a sad day for britain . 
  i think we will work out over the next months and years what this day has meant . 
  i think britain will re-invent itself . 
  it is hard to predict what will happen next . 
  overall it is a positive day for brits though . 
   oh , are you reneging on the eu rebate then ? 
  the rebate is linked to the cap . 
  scrap the cap and the rebate vanishes . 
   i know that you think that should happen , you do n't need to repeat it . 
  the point is : they have been eu citizens for decades , what 's the point of throwing them out ? 
  scottish citizens were not being thrown out of the eu . 
  ruk had said that it would give uk nationality to all iscots that wanted it . 
  thus , nobody would have been thrown out . 
  see you in 2017 for the brexit thread . 
  the calculation for the money is n't based on oil . 
  it is there [ for historical reasons ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/barnett_formula ), 
  that is n't scotland getting more powers . 
  that is scotland getting more money per head of capita than england . 
  nobody objects to scotland having more powers . 
  but permanently entrenching more money ? 
  the money should go to the deprived , wherever they are . 
  just wow . 
  you 're drawing a parallel between hitler being elected and scotland voting to stay in the uk ? 
  what planet are you on ? 
  i 'm sorry - there is nobody in england saying scotland should have fewer powers in relation to scotland . 
  the english mp rebellion will happen if scottish mps keep on having power to vote on matters that just relate to england . 
  it is almost always the case that polls change in the lead-up to referendums as the debate intensifies , there is more media coverage , voters start to engage more . 
  if the vote had been a week later , the gains would have happened a week later . 
  i do n't see spain doing this . 
  the uk has managed to troll spain brilliantly . 
  things are going to get bad in spain now , especially if the economy stays troubled . 
  another week would not have lead to a different result . 
  i think currency was the key uncertainty , but there were other things too .
