  will the richer eurozone states consent to vast and permanent transfers of wealth to the periphery ? 
  will strong federal institutions be created ? 
  the last five years of crisis have not answered these questions . 
  this makes me think that there will be years and years of crisis to follow in the eurozone , with continued low growth and high unemployment and continued trends of people voting for extreme political parties . 
  all this makes the eurozone system fundamentally unstable . 
  how many more years of crisis are you prepared to accept ? 
  the point i am making is that just because a single currency works in the us , this does not mean it will easily work in the eurozone . 
  my point is not that the us is homogenous , it clearly is n't . 
  my point is that it has other systems to deal with the fact of a single currency over a non-homogenous economic area . 
  the eurozone does not have these systems . 
  good luck with creating them . 
   thus , it might be better in the long run for the eu to be further integrated and have more power over each member state . 
  however , its seems that each and every country is only looking for short-term gains for itself . 
  and leading that charge as always , is the 51th state of the us . 
  the crisis is in the eurozone . 
  perhaps it would make sense for there to be massive transfers of wealth within the eurozone , if the people in those countries want that . 
  however , this is irrelevant to the uk as we are not in the eurozone . 
  the us has huge fiscal transfers between the states , strong federal institutions , a common language and mobile integrated work-force , low unemployment and high economic growth . 
  the eu has none of those things . 
  did you read the article ? 
  nobody really cares about it . 
  in that same interview he said that he was happy with public gay kidding . 
  this is not how to pander to ukip . 
  people do n't like your flag , so get downvotes . 
  if you want loads of upvotes , do n't write facts but write `` fuck off david cameron '' . 
  r/europeans seem to like that stuff more than your facts . 
  it seems as if belief that the eurozone was a mistake is becoming more widespread in france . 
  i 've still not heard many french proposing to leave the euro though ... 
  the uk has an opt-out from the 3 % deficit rule from the maastricht treaty . 
  so the uk is not in breach of this rule as it does not apply to the uk . 
  ireland contracted a lot partly because the irish government guaranteed the liabilities of all irish financial institutions . 
  i 'm not ignoring ireland 's contraction . 
  i 'm simply pointing out that the redditor who argued that no country that had austerity had seen their economy recover was incorrect . 
  ireland is now growing strongly and had had large amounts of austerity . 
  as for tax , if everyone lowered taxes , it would benefit everyone . 
  economics is not a zero-sum game . 
  there is n't a total amount of growth that the world can have . 
  ireland is n't robbing anyone . 
  ireland 's clear , simple and low tax laws , it 's hardworking and well-educated workforce , it 's legal system and use of english language make it a great place to do business . 
  other countries can learn from it . 
  you want france to exit the eurozone ? 
  that 's what i understand you to mean by having your own monetary policy ... 
  ireland did it ... 
  it does seem that the french approach of agreeing to the rules then breaking them is much less criticised than the british approach of not agreeing to the rules ... 
  the uk has an opt-out of the deficit rules from the maastricht treaty onwards ... 
  you make a good point . 
  this is one of the reasons why i no longer click on the russian threads . 
  the level of debate on them is sometimes quite weak ... 
  nobody really cares though , do they ? 
  and this is not remotely an issue that matters to voters . 
  this comment that he made was vague , not policy and in response to a question . 
  actually - it does tell a lot about r/europe . 
  a comment with substantially nothing to add with no reference to the discussion or article gets hundreds of upvotes . 
  this is somewhat poor by r/europe . 
  thanks - i think i get lots of downvotes because i 'm known to be an eusceptic on this sub ... 
  did you read the article ? 
  he just said he was comfortable with public gay kissing . 
  is that pandering to ukip ? 
  what is stupid about the comment ? 
  cameron did n't establish a debate . 
  he was asked a question . 
  there is n't a `` debate '' . 
  it was one sentence out of a longer discussion . 
  it is n't policy . 
  he did n't bring it up though , did he ? 
  he was specifically asked it . 
  perhaps nobody read the article that was being linked ? 
  cameron made a vague statement in response to a specific question . 
  this is n't some government policy announcement ... 
   fuck off , david . 
  the number of upotes that your post received tells me everything i need to know about r/europe . 
  i can `` visualise '' a pint more easily than a litre and do n't think about liquids in other units . 
  i can `` visualise '' miles and km equally well and switch between them without thinking ( as can anyone who has ever run long distance in the uk ) and same with inches and centimetres / metres and feet . 
  i can `` visualise '' kg better than lb and stone , and think in centigrade rather than farenheit , but am happy to hear and use either ... edit - why do people downvote this kind of stuff ? 
  i do n't get it ... 
  what makes you so sure that the reu would not want a free trade agreement with the uk ? 
  you have a massive trade surplus with the uk , we 're your biggest export market . 
  the eu already has free trade agreements with countries like albania and serbia and is putting them in place with the us and canada . 
  i think it most unlikely that the eu would not want access to the uk market . 
  reserve currency status makes zero impact on the lives of people in the eurozone . 
  honestly , in what way are the lives of the austrians , in the eurozone helped by the reserve currency status of the euro as compared to the lives of the swiss with the chf ? 
  will the fiscal problems really be addressed in the eurozone ? 
  personally i do n't think the dutch and germans are really going to vote for massive fiscal transfers to the south of europe . 
  i think you 're a bit optimistic . 
  efta might be a good option - but a simple fta might be a better alternative . 
  everything is up for negotiation . 
  of course , ireland in particular is going to want free trade with the uk . 
  we did n't block the financial transactions tax - we just did n't become a participating member state . 
  however , within the eu we are likely to be harmed by it anyway as it has extraterritorial affect in someways within the rest of the eu . 
  countries outside the single market that have free trade with the eu do not need to worry about the ftt . 
  the ftt really is n't an example that supports your case . 
  as to whether the reu would want one - well - we are their biggest export market . 
  look at their economy right now . 
  many eu countries consider their trade with the uk to be extremely important . 
  spain had a construction boom , but whose fault was that ? 
  not really spain 's - they were not in control of their interest rates . 
  what about portugal , ireland , italy and latterly france ? 
  are you blaming them for their woes ? 
  ( i 'll give you greece . ), 
  as for gdp per capita , how recent are your figures ?
