  we do not have russophiles in our government ... 
  you 'll be happy to know that we are not suffering and will be fine outside the eu then . 
  the scottish population are not very proeu . 
  remember that a lot of scottish people voted for the uk to leave the eu . 
  that is not to say that i am opposed to them having another referendum , if that is what they want , but simply that you are overestimating euphilia there . 
  everyone - stop downvoting this guy . 
  deal with his arguments . 
  as predicted , brexit would be good for everyone . 
  not only for the uk , it would force the eu to be more open . 
  thanks . 
  to me this was just the kind of thing that every new british pm says , but does not really indicate a change of policy ... 
  the last bet i did on here was for reddit gold - a french redditor was betting eur/gbp parity ... 
  i am currently drinking champagne so will have to confirm details tomorrow . 
  but 15 years to me is longer than i wanted for a bet , so will have to think about that ... ;-), 
  i never saw that - any citations ? 
  not saying you are wrong , just that the tories generally never trust russia ... 
  whatever she said to him , we all got the right outcome . 
  uk gains from this , eu gains from this . 
  i am a betting man !, 
  name your terms !, 
  we will bet under english law because i think german law is strict it this area . 
   eu crisis started in 2009 and is lasting 5 years now . 
  fake maths ... 
  one thing that the uk is not responsible for is the failure of the euro though . 
   seems like the only major country that is absolutely in favour of the sanctions is germany actually , i think that the uk is absolutely in favour of them too . 
  i have not seen a single indication from our government that it wants to remove them . 
  edit - may just said in the uk/usa press conference that from uk 's perspective sanctions on russia were linked to minsk agreement . 
   not really sure the uk gets to have an opinion on either of these . 
  i was giving my own opinion . 
  i agree that there are other factors too , but it is the main factor in the case of greece , italy , portugal and spain . 
  it also does reflect on the ability of the eu to organise something . 
   and canada has always been a close ally so things are a little bit different than the somewhat hostile environment that might arise in negotiations with the uk . 
  uk has always been a close ally too . 
  uk is n't going to try and screw over eu any more than it would try and screw over netherlands . 
  do n't worry , we are n't punitive . 
  unfortunately in some parts of the eurozone there is very high unemployment and low economic growth and that has been the situation for years . 
  the eurozone needs radical reform to solve this situation . 
   the uk would have a much better trading position if the european nations were on their own . 
  they could impose very favourable terms on the netherlands etc. 
  , the eu they can not fuck around with as long as it is somewhat united . 
  free trade is not about big economies imposing on small economies . 
  free trade is beneficial to both parties and does not involve imposition . 
  ( do you think eu imposed very favourable terms on canada for example ? ), 
   and what exactly is going to be stopping radical reform now ? 
  the voters mostly in my view . 
  the radical reform that is most needed is much greater political centralisation and fiscal transfers , pooled debt . 
  i would be surprised if the voters voted for that ( then again , i do n't think they will ever be asked directly ) . 
  lol - seems like more and more of the things that `` experts '' said prior to the referendum were wrong ... 
   `` it signifies that the u.s. will no longer be in a position to co-organize globalization and be the world 's policeman with the european union , '' the former economy minister said . 
  since when was the eu co-organising globalisation ? 
  they ca n't even organise their own currency . 
   and thats why i 'm pretty sure he does not really care about what she is going to tell him . 
  the republican party as a whole do care about what uk pm says about nato and trump is impacted by that . 
   he does not help uk because he likes the uk or because they share precious values but because uk is a tool for him , to fight competition . 
  trump 's mother was british . 
  it is important for trump for the us to have good relations with the uk . 
  it is also important for the uk . 
  uk and us will get a trade deal because it suits both of them . 
   perhaos by not shocking the eu balance during its biggest crisis since its foundation ? 
  eu has been in permanent crisis since 2008 . 
  there is no good time to break up other than the time you are done with the relationship . 
   maybe because his brexit campaign won ? 
  brexit won , but it was n't his campaign . 
  the main brexit campaign refused to have anything to do with farage . 
  brexit won in spite of farage , not because of farage . 
   i agree : it 's radical reform or bust now . 
  eu 's current default setting is amend , extend and pretend . 
  going forward has become impossible and going backward has always been impossible . 
  the most likely outcome is neither radical reform nor bust , but continued stagnation . 
   i see nothing she could do to harm the eu , beside getting the us on board to blackmail us in brexit negotiations to do whatever they want . 
  may is helping eu by getting us to stay committed to nato . 
  you are welcome . 
   just because i implied they have similar stances on eu does n't mean they 're working together . 
  uk and russia have different stances . 
  uk sees a lot of trade partners and defence partners/allies in eu and just does n't want to be in the eu any more itself . 
  russia sees some countries that it thinks should be within its sphere of influence . 
  eu should obviously be thinking about russia and uk in completely different ways . 
  uk is a liberal democracy . 
  russia is n't . 
  i do n't think it is a problem necessarily , but it does seem to be different in france from the uk . 
  if we had someone doing what fillon had done , he would be forced not to stand . 
  our media would not give up until he was taken down . 
  i know that milan is not the most popular city among italians , but i really liked its size , architecture , aperitivi and some good cheap restaurants . 
  i would say that the downside is that milan as a city has lost some confidence in the last few years and it is a little sad on weekends . 
  i used to cycle through this every day when i worked in milan . 
  good times . 
  i am a hawkish leaver but really not a fan of the russian government . 
  i think it is crucial that the uk stays close to baltics and poland at this time . 
  i think my view is a common one here . 
  uk would much rather ally to liberal democracies than russia . 
   do you actually belive what you write ? 
  i mean , do you really think that the uk has any influence over the usa on their political agenda ? 
  trump is an idiot , but he likes the uk and wants good relations with the uk . 
  us republicans generally like the uk and they control both houses . 
  if you support nato , then be glad that may is getting usa to confirm support of it . 
  this is actually a really clever fun video  whoever made this gets beers when they come to london from me . 
  if nato is important to european countries , then they will be pleased that the uk is ensuring that usa stays within nato . 
   if your `` leverage '' is that you have `` a special relationship '' with the usa , you 're just heading by yourself to the slaughterhouse . 
  we 're simply leaving the eu not slaughterhouse . 
  it turns out you do n't need to be in the eu after all ,
