  hopefully you accept this . 
   populist hate propaganda leaving the eu is not `` populist hate propaganda '' . 
   there should never have been a referendum on brexit . 
  british people wanted a referendum , so of course we should have had one . 
   of which i heard the initial thing scotland was asking for was simply more powers , not a referendum no , scotland clearly asked for a referendum . 
  the snp had a manifesto commitment for a referendum . 
   shit like this will continue . 
  the people getting what they want ?!, 
  heavens !, 
  we have not begun the formal process of leaving ( as in we have not triggered article 50 yet ) but we are close to that , most people want us to get on with it and we should not underestimate the significance of the referendum itself in terms of putting us on a clear path to leaving . 
   just as you guys did n't give up then , we are n't going to now . 
  euphiles have pretty much given up in norway , iceland and switzerland . 
  i would be surprised if they kept going for long in the uk . 
  things are getting harder and harder for you with each day that passes . 
  once we leave you are going to have to say we need to join the euro and schengen if we want to go back into the eu . 
   the point is that half the leavers will like the new situation even less than the current one and they wo n't be able to vote to return things to the way they were . 
  i 'm not convinced about that . 
  i can not see under any circumstances that i would like the new situation less than the current one . 
  people voted leave not knowing what the new situation would be . 
  they were prepared to take a risk . 
   you 're going to have to pay these 60 billions we will pay what we owe and nothing more . 
  no figure has been agreed . 
   not that soon , what 's in the work is a transitional brexit that will make the uk keep paying their share of the budget for 10 years . 
  uk will not sign this . 
   and you 're going to keep going to pay them for years , for nothing , without any benefit for it we will only pay them what we already owed them . 
  i recognise that it is currently tough for remainers . 
  perhaps you now know how leavers felt for the last 40 years ? 
   normally yes , but we need to agree on something to interact with the outside . 
  we will be part of the international community and a member of many international organisations and deal with the outside via our government . 
   you only think that because you are sure you will win and in a rush to make sure the other half of leave , the one with the numbers if not the money , wo n't notice they are about to be more screwed than before . 
  i want certain things , different people in the uk want different things . 
  sometimes i am in the minority , sometimes not . 
  but i accept that i am in a democracy . 
   or that remain does n't do anything to stop it . 
  they already lost . 
  they ca n't stop it . 
  the british people voted for leave , the government now supports leave and parliament supports leave . 
  it is over . 
   plus the civil service are shouting very publicly that this is a massive massive job . 
  that is not a reason not to do it . 
   if we make it to 2020 before an election . 
  there is a chance that we have an election beforehand so that the tories ( who are committed to brexit ) can gain far more seats , i agree . 
  but i think it is most likely that we make it to 2020 without a general election . 
   we wo n't have left by then even if we do . 
  it is likely that article 50 will be triggered before the end of march and we will leave two years thereafter . 
   this divide is n't going away any time soon and who knows what will come out more years of the current political chaos . 
  democracy is not meant to be everyone agreeing . 
  it is meant to be uncertain . 
  but it is a good thing that we are arguing about what laws we want , not a bad thing . 
   i still think it 's possible the tories could split . 
  not looking likely . 
  tories seem to be very united right now . 
  other than a couple of extremists , they all accept that we will leave the eu . 
   we have years and years of this crap were almost nothing else will be talked about and all kind of things will be slipped through or attempted to be , like the snoopers charter . 
  democracy is actually going to be really interesting in the uk . 
  that is one of the reasons why i voted leave . 
  our democracy will be enhanced . 
  this is empowering for the electorate . 
  i was n't able to do the technology , but mine goes as follows . 
  top row , left to right : irish ( cork ) , irish ( kinsale ) , irish ( belfast ) , irish ( belfast ) , english ( birmingham ) , english ( birmingham ) , english , ( birmingham ) , welsh ( brecon ) second row , irish ( cork ) , scots-irish ( glasgow ) , english ( birmingham ) , anglo-welsh ( birmingham ) third row , anglo-irish ( guilford ) , english ( birmingham ) me : typical british mixture ( london ), 
   they are free to change it to their liking if they have enough support . 
  we do have enough support . 
  we won the referendum . 
  we are leaving the eu . 
   that 's when the problem starts . 
  different people have different views . 
  this is a feature of a democracy rather than a problem . 
   the other half want more free trade and less human rights ( least for others ) , seeing the eu as protectionist . 
  those two halves are at war because really they are n't the same side at all . 
  the two sides are not really at war as it makes sense to ensure that we go past the point of no return in terms of leaving first . 
  once we are definitely leaving , we can have a debate about how strongly we promote free trade and what kind of rights we want to have in the uk . 
  but that debate is one we will have forever : the democratic process does not suddenly finish . 
   remain voters are way to many to ignore they are not being ignored as their votes will matter at the next general election . 
  at the next general election there wo n't be a political party called `` remain '' because we will have already left the eu and i would be surprised if any party committed to `` rejoin '' . 
  previous remain voters will just have to choose where to vote . 
   in your mind , what was the point of this ? 
  i was just being more specific . 
  you keep on editing your posts after posting them . 
  this does make discussion difficult . 
   not because you can make any sane argument that they actually are . 
  that 's not actually a difference to what i said , that 's just how you rationalize it to yourself . 
  the funding for meps should not unfairly discriminate against eusceptics , unfortunately it does . 
  happily , the uk is now leaving the eu . 
  no , i am saying they are arbitrary because they are applied in an arbitrary way and people are not treated equally under the law . 
   yeah , you just keep telling me that laws do n't exist for you if you disagree with them . 
  i am saying that when laws are arbitrary and do not follow the core requirements of the rule of law , we should not be surprised when they are complied with in an ad hoc way . 
   that is sure going to convince me that you 're an upstanding guy . 
  i am not asking you to call me an upstanding guy . 
  however , you do need to learn not to call me a piece of shit . 
  the eu does not abide by the rule of law . 
  it makes politicised judgments . 
  eusceptic politicians have just as much right to use funds for their causes as euphile politicians do . 
   i 'll stop calling you an unprincipled narcissist the moment you stop saying that it 's okay for politicians to steal money to promote causes you agree with . 
  no , you need to stop calling me that because it is against the rules of this sub . 
  you are calling me an unprincipled narcissist and a piece of shit . 
  you need to stop doing that . 
  it is an ad hominem attack and has no place on this sub . 
  please learn how to debate in a respectful way . 
   oh my god , you seriously believe that i 'm just pissed off that it was ukip who misappropriated the money . 
  judging by your posts which are full of ad hominem attacks it is difficult to know what your problems are .
