  there is n't a document . 
  our constitution is unwritten . 
   the result of which is a half-measure referendum that 's unable to legally compel the government to act ( cause the constitution guarantees the sovereignty of parliament , i think , and it was n't changed ) . 
  the government is not legally compelled to act , but it is politically compelled to act . 
  in the end parliament are not going to get in the way of the government on this . 
  `` believe in multilateralism and cooperation '' is classic words without meaning eurobabble ... 
  thanks obama !, 
  juncker does not really need to have any care what the electorate think . 
   their entire existence is based on getting rid of immigrants they want to reduce immigration . 
  so do the conservatives . 
  so do most of the british public . 
   and leaving europe the want to leave the eu . 
  so do most british people . 
  so does the uk government . 
  neither of these things are extreme . 
   the remain campaign on the other hand , had the burden of trying to make people digest massive amounts of the data showing how beneficial eu membership was to the uk . 
  it is n't beneficial . 
  the us does fine outside the eu . 
  so will the uk . 
  ukip are not an extremist party ( though they are very chaotic ) . 
  a majority of british people support their most noteworthy positions . 
   perhaps , that it 's not too late to turn back before your government causes a disaster no thanks . 
  it will be fine and we want to leave the eu . 
  have fun without us !, 
  the eu seems to be able to destroy itself without needing any help from us . 
   i believe ukip have links with russian backers , but i have n't seen any sources why would you believe something for which there is no evidence ? 
   well . 
  are you glad you 're leaving ? 
  delighted . 
  it is good for democracy . 
   you want free trade within the eu - ok , you have to give up that element of sovereignty . 
  you also now have a single external customs border . 
  there is no real reason why free trade and a single external customs border should be connected . 
  they are two separate concepts and should be considered separately . 
  the public did not regard our referendum as consequence free . 
  they wanted the consequences . 
  no thanks , we prefer to have a free press . 
  this, 
  he ca n't seem to decide ... 
  at least france managed to avoid recession with 0.2 % growth in the last quarter . 
  good for them . 
  this, 
   we 're talking about `` commitment to defend '' which is the principle you were casting doubt on . 
  i was n't casting doubt on the principle . 
  i was making the point that if countries do n't fund their defence properly , there is a risk that the nato alliance will be weakened as some countries will be perceived not to be pulling their weight . 
  that is why i am glad that countries like romania are committed to reaching their 2 % commitment . 
   how many soldiers from `` countries that are not committed to defend '' die in that nato clusterfuck ? 
  nato countries were not obliged by nato to participate in afghanistan ( and the alliance included some non-nato countries and some nato countries were absent ) . 
   i wonder how those countries not `` committed to their own defence '' felt when they joined your retarded crusade in iraq ... 
  this has nothing to do with nato . 
   how many british soldiers have died defending romanian interests and how many romanian soldiers have died defending us+uk interests . 
  the purpose of nato is to ensure that nobody needs to die . 
  honestly this kind of thing just shows that the british people were right to vote to leave the eu . 
  fundamentally the uk 's foreign policy interests are not aligned with the eu 's and it does not really make sense for us to tie ourselves to theirs . 
  it is really interesting to see the reaction of the french here . 
  effectively the french have the same view as the brits ( that the pre-meeting meeting is pointless and harmful ) but because of their commitment to the eu they do not feel able to express that view clearly . 
  differently the uk is now able to put forward its position clearly ( which is good for politics and democracy ) . 
   no , the way to create a healthy eu is to make absolutely clear that if you join , you do n't get out anymore . 
  what if they do decide to leave ? 
  you invade ? 
  i agree with all your points about this being a strategic question for everyone . 
  for example , in the uk it is particularly a strategic question because we know that we are not really at risk of an invasion from russia ourselves because of our fortunate geography , but that we are strongly interested in cee staying democratic and within the western world . 
  i guess the original purpose of nato from the uk 's perspective '' * keep the americans in , the germans down and the russians out * '' has not changed ... obviously , as you say , for romania the geographic location makes the question completely strategic for nato as a whole and not just romania . 
  i think our government understands that for a country like romania moving to 2 % is not easy and will take a few years . 
  however , the uk also sees trump as an opportunity to encourage countries like romania to move to that target . 
   they failed with brexit the people in power before brexit are the same people who were in power after brexit . 
  the tories . 
  no , this is not okay . 
   we will get there , to 2 % , but it feels like we ( eastern countries ) are the only ones reminded of the 2 % !!! 1 !!!!, 
  the main thing is that there is a clear intention to get to the 2 % over the next few years . 
  obviously , everyone recognises that this ca n't just happen by magic overnight . 
  personally i think the uk should remain committed to defending our nato allies , but that commitment is harder if countries do n't seem to be interested in funding their own defence . 
  it is very annoying that some we countries are n't pulling their weight . 
  neither russia nor uk could really invade the other because of geography . 
   so comparing russia 's leveling of funding to parties like fn or ukip russia do n't fund ukip . 
  there is no difference in their pronunciation ... 
  where is the danger ? 
  uk and usa have high economic growth and low unemployment . 
  the best way to help those countries develop economically now would be for them to have their own currencies . 
  all the experts have said that the euro is a mistake . 
  the corollary is that if brexit is successful , the eu is basically finished . 
  britain 's back baby !, 
  britain 's back !, 
  he has n't destabilised any other countries ' economies . 
  unfortunately the euro destabilises economies , but that is not farage 's fault . 
  and he is being an mep . 
  his employers are happy with him . 
  a lot of people who voted remain wo n't be angry because they accept that they live in a democracy and they lost . 
  why are you pretending that the relevant numbers are 49 and 37 ? 
  that is an absurd way of looking at statistics . 
  if you are looking at the number of voters who voted to remain , that number is 48 and not 49 . 
  but , if you are using that number , you should use 52 for the number who voted to leave and not 37 . 
  i do n't think that the internet freedom points have made any impact at all in the campaign . 
  i have done a lot of knocking on doors and it has not been mentioned once ... 
  the manchester terror attack did not seem to move the polls . 
  the london bridge one was too close to the election to tell . 
  on policies , i agree with the tories ' most controversial policies , which effectively take money from rich pensioners . 
  ( they have explained them poorly though . ), 
  it does make sense , but i still want to keep fptp for other reasons . 
  i also think that in the uk there is a tendency for people to change their minds at the last minute and vote tory .
