  you are welcome , 
   the simpsons can not top it . 
  house of cards + got + bb + gossip girl can not top it . 
  this is really the best drama we 'll ever see . 
  except it 's also fucking tragic . 
  no more appointments tonight . 
  may is now going to begin the foreign calls and start trolling hollande and merkel directly . 
  get the popcorn . 
   any sight of gove yet we are hearing that he will be on the backbenches and sidelined . 
  may hates him . 
  he is also part of the cameron and osborne clique ( despite being a leaver and them being remainers ) and it seems that that clique is now history . 
   care to explain ? 
  what has david davis done ? 
  [ he is mainly famous for battling with cameron over the conservative leadership in 2005 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conservative_party_ ( uk ) _ leadership_election , _ 2005 ) and then sulking for the next decade and being out of government . 
  however , he is known for being a heavy-hitting eusceptic and being popular with a certain segment of the tory grassroots and backbenchers . 
  may had to put a brexiteer in the post of brexit negotiations , otherwise the government would collapse . 
  davies also was also a foreign and commonwealth office minister at the end of the 90s , during the maastricht fall-out , so he sort of knows how brussels works and has some old scores to settle , 
   this is some state-level trolling  this is the uk reverting to its traditional foreign policy objective for centuries : trolling the french . 
  added bonus if the germans also feel trolled !, 
  do n't be surprised by this . 
  there is going to be a lot more of it , 
   what 's more is that foreign secretary is key in the whole brexit negotiations , and she employed this fucking clown . 
  no , foreign secretary is to deal with the rest of the world other than europe . 
  david davies is new brexit secretary to deal with europe . 
  england is `` anglo-catholic , '' scotland and northern ireland are `` sectarian '' , i guess wales is `` definitely not catholic '' . 
  but , this is one of the funniest maps i have seen . 
   geez , he 's out of politics , presumably for good . 
  you can distance yourself from him . 
  she hates david . 
  he hates her . 
  this is very clear . 
  this is just british people being deliberately very polite about people they hate as a way of being passive-aggressive . 
   can confirm , we give more of a shit towards moldova than we do macedonia . 
  we do n't give a shit about either macedonia or moldova . 
   how many people are watching the pmqs ? 
  pmqs take place at midday on wednesdays so i guess most normal people are at work and do n't watch it . 
  however , typically highlights from pmqs are featured in the news on wednesday evenings and there is comment on them in the newspapers and other political programmes , so i think quite a lot of people follow what happens in them . 
  definitely , they are watchable for normal people . 
  it gives quite a good understanding of the mood of different political parties . 
   so , to turn to the basic emotive question - do i feel barroso should get 25 times the basic state pension entitlement of a uk citizen ? 
  well , do i feel that barroso has done more in public service than 25 randomly selected uk citizens ? 
  yes , i would say he has . 
  so , no , i do n't even feel the emotional impulse there . 
  out of interest how much pension do top irish civil servants get ? 
  is it a level comparable with barroso ? 
   on the other hand , within the specific case of barroso and gs , yes , they do - hence the trade union 's calls ( in the linked article , which you 've surely read ? ), 
  for his pension to be reconsidered . 
  to me the question over the amount of pension he is getting is already something to care about . 
  not because he is an eu person but because the amount of money he is getting is far too high . 
  maybe you were happy about this amount of money he was getting ( notwithstanding the gs thing , which i agree is a separate concern ) ? 
   , and has a $ 15k monthly pension . 
  really ? 
  does anyone seem to care about this ? 
  first they threaten to leave if they do n't get their way , and when they finally have the doorknob in their hands , they threaten to stay if they do n't get their way . 
  brexit is not an event , it is a process . 
  it has already been going on for 20 years . 
  it will keep going on for another 20 . 
   lets call it all frankenreich ( france + germany ) and everybody is happy . 
  brits are not happy about the name frankenreich . 
  we vote that it is called frankenstein ,, 
   of course , the brexiters , always friendly as we know them !, 
  we are doing all this brexiting primarily for your benefit !, 
  you are welcome . 
   do you think changing the political institutions is the only appropriate response to lack of interest in local government ? 
  i do n't know how things are in your country , but in my country i do n't think changing local political institutions is necessary because , in fact , they already have very little power , reflecting their low legitimacy . 
  i think the people match with local government institutions . 
   or do you think trying to `` change the people '' to be more involved is also valid ? 
  especially considering people usually state they are for more local government . 
  i 'm not convinced that people stating that they are for a thing is very convincing . 
  apparently british people are very happy to tell opinion polls one thing , but then do a different thing when they actually vote ... 
  if , over time , people really do want more local government , ( i.e. 
  the people change ) then i am happy for them to vote ( in any relevant election ) for there to be more local government and for local government powers to change . 
  but forcing this or trying to do this quickly seems like it would cause more problems than it would solve . 
  interested in your views . 
   so what if ? 
  there is no legal reason why germany should have to do so . 
  there 's just that question of whether or not the euro is going to work or stay not working . 
  we in the uk do n't really care of course because we are leaving eu and are not in the euro . 
  we are just giving you some friendly advice in a kind neighbourly way . 
   they have legitimacy arising from the treaties and rules . 
  the treaties and rules do n't give you carte-blanche to apply them in an arbitrary way . 
  if you do apply them in an arbitrary way then you lose legitimacy . 
   demoi are created and changed through the political process . 
  this is partially true . 
  there are both political actors who create a peoples and there are also organic factors in which a peoples arise naturally . 
   also , you 're not actually answering my argument , my point was n't the specific period of time but the fact that it 's unfair to expect political processes to create instantly perfect results and think they 're somehow deficient just because they fail to do that . 
  my point is not so much that transferring political power from the nation to the eu did not create perfect results , but that it actually created very harmful results ( e.g. 
  in relation to the euro ) . 
  i do n't think i am being harsh to judge it in this way . 
  a much slower eu , without the euro , would have been far more successful . 
   and we should just accept that `` that 's the way it is '' and not even try to , say , get people to actually be involved in local politics , because that would entail `` changing them '' ? 
  if turnout for parliamentary elections drops as well , we should just , what , abandon democracy and/or dissolve the state ? 
  political power has to lie somewhere and a question of our times in a globalised world is where it should lie . 
  personally i do n't think that there are any objective truths about where it should lie , all this can be argued . 
  personally i do not think it makes sense to transfer political power to a different level unless we are sure that the people want it to be at a different level . 
  i am someone who is interested and active in local politics and part of me would have a preference for more political power to be local ( to suit my own wishes ) . 
  however , i have to recognise that because there is little local identity where i live and because there is not really any scrutiny of local politics , increasing political power there would be a mistake . 
  this is what went wrong with the uk and the eu : political power was transferred to brussels without the british people ever really consenting . 
   lashing out at anyone and everyone via the daily mail ?
