  and that one only just !, 
  cameron does accept this - this is broadly why scotland is about to vote on whether or not to stay in the uk . 
  what special treatment is the uk getting here ? 
  i agree , there is a question of democratic legitimacy between scotland and the rest of the uk . 
  however , this is not quite on the same scale as between the uk and the eu . 
  there is a greater commonality of feeling and identity between the peoples of england , scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
  there is a longer history of joint governance , a shared language , similar culture and ( to an extent ) a shared national identity . 
  i do n't think this exists remotely in the same way in europe . 
  which tougher rules has the uk opposed in relation to the city ? 
  there is both an election within the council and an election within the parliament . 
  i agree it does n't make sense to use `` we '' when describing for example the british government . 
  but when describing the british people it would be a bit odd not to use `` we '' . 
  i think there is a valid distinction between people and a government here . 
  yes , i know . 
  it is n't a minimal role , they nominate the president . 
  that is not minimal . 
  i think the future of scotland should be for scotland to decide . 
  i do n't know of anyone in the uk who disagrees with that , so not sure where the hypocrisy is :-), 
  yes , he may come off badly . 
  it is a game of brinkmanship though . 
  do they want the uk to stay ? 
  and how much ? 
  cameron is happy to say `` no '' to europe . 
  whenever he does , he becomes much more popular with his electorate . 
  i agree that new democratic traditions can develop and i agree that they can be a good thing and that being too legalistic can help . 
  however , in the case of the eu , there is a fine balance between the powers of the member states and the powers of the eu , and i think that the eu should not take powers that are not specifically granted by the member states . 
  ( unless it wants member states to leave . ), 
  no , their problems are very related to the euro . 
  spain had much too low interest rates and thus a huge property bubble . 
  greece was able to borrow at much lower rates than it had previously and overspent . 
  italy has an overvalued currency and can not export easily . 
  they all now are unable to devalue and consequently have chronic unemployment . 
  a generation of talent has been lost . 
  but , crucially , not portugal , italy , greece and spain . 
  which countries are economically equivalent to the uk ? 
  but it helped us get out of it . 
  yes , the uk , having had an awful labour government for 13 years , is not doing as well as it should be doing . 
  however , inside the euro we would be like ireland . 
  thanks . 
  i follow this closely . 
  it is hard to know what will happen !, 
  yes , brown did say that , and he was wrong . 
  there will be a downturn in the global financial industry in the future and there is legislation in place for that eventuality . 
  being in the euro would make things worse , not better , as the uk needs to be able to be in control of monetary policy . 
  your comment indicates that you probably have not been following the dramatic changes to financial regulation that have happened since the global financial crisis . 
  the us is not really relevant to this debate . 
  the uk public when they vote will not be considering the interests of the usa . 
  also , the uk 's financial and political credibility will be fine . 
  the uk is the sixth largest economy in the world . 
  i do n't know enough about the german constitution to comment . 
  however , the eu law is not the same . 
  it is not the case that it is universally accepted that the council 's role is ceremonial . 
  yes , cameron is also free to vote against juncker . 
  and as history has made abundantly clear , the uk , denmark and sweden were correct not to join the euro . 
  well , if you want to talk about general stance i suggest you do n't use the word `` rules '' . 
  the uk was quite right to block the fiscal compact and should not sign up to stuff that is not in the uk 's interests . 
  and do you know what ? 
  half the countries that signed up to it are in breach of it or campaigning for a change to it . 
  yet you criticise the uk for being in breach of the rules . 
  they are also spying all over europe , just like the uk . 
  are you going to kick out the french too ? 
  what makes you so sure of this ? 
  yes , the queen 's role is ceremonial by convention . 
  there is no such equivalent convention in the eu , indeed , the treaties give a specific competence in this regard to the council . 
  no , the uk has a demos in which there is a feeling of mutual affinity between people of different counties . 
  the uk is following the rules of the club . 
  the rules of the club allow the council to nominate the president of the commission . 
  which rules do you think the uk is breaking ? 
  that good thing that the eu is doing for humanity ? 
  look at the depression in southern europe . 
  look at it . 
  the legitimacy of juncker is in question because of the fact that the eu elections had such a low turnout and most people voted on national questions . 
  there is no candidate that will be palatable for everyone . 
  however , this does not mean that the uk should not vote against someone that is very unpalatable for the uk . 
  the conservatives were clear prior to the election they did not support any of the candidates . 
  do n't be surprised now , this was obviously going to happen . 
  yes , i agree , de gaulle was right . 
  the uk should not have joined . 
  yes , though they will all have a say in 3 months time . 
  which is a very good thing . 
  you are correct that every country has to ratify scotland 's membership . 
  however , the uk would only refuse to ratify scotland if relations became terrible . 
  i can not see a scenario in which that would happen . 
  it would not be in the uk 's interests to be in the eu without scotland . 
  the french , the brits and the americans are all spying on you of course . 
  it is not just the brits . 
  the `` law '' does not cover this . 
  by convention the queen appoints the leader of the largest party . 
  you 're understanding is not quite correct . 
  the uk would never block scotland 's membership of the eu . 
  no , the council clearly do have a role . 
  if they were not meant to have a role they would not be mentioned in the treaty . 
  there is a specific procedure laid out in the treaty pursuant to which the council nominate the president , by qualified majority . 
  yes , and scotland will in 100 days have a referendum over whether or not they want to stay in the uk . 
  i agree , there should be a compromise ideally . 
  i agree , a backroom deal is a democratic deficit . 
  but , even with juncker , there will be questions of legitimacy . 
  there is also the practical reality that with juncker a brexit becomes more likely . 
  we do n't have common goals . 
  lots of countries have different goals .
