   perhaps i threw in scotland and catalonia in one pot . 
  the spanish have been saying that catalonia ( and by extension scotland ) wo n't become eu members . 
  spain have specifically said that they will not veto scotland 's eu membership if scotland becomes independent by means of a lawful process . 
  the current process for independence for scotland is a lawful one , with an agreement negotiated between the scottish government and the uk government and specific legislation has been passed for the referendum . 
  therefore , if scotland becomes independent , spain will not veto scotland 's membership of the eu . 
  the situation with catalonia is very different as the spanish government is not allowing a lawful process . 
  the scottish yes campaign thinks thar they will continue to benefit from the uk opt outs ( as a question of law ) . 
  there is no question about whether or not scotland could be a member - that is n't the issue . 
  the issue is terms of membership and process for membership . 
  brits are very pragmatic still - i 'm a lawyer , which is why i like to be precise about the law . 
  the reason why the legal position is important is because the scottish `` yes '' campaign claimed that scotland would not , as a matter of law , need to go through an accession process as they were already in the eu . 
  there are some scots who still believe this . 
  there is also a legal question in whether or not scotland would get the benefit of the uk 's existing opt-outs , eg currency and schengen . 
  these legal question should be confired to scotland before scotland votes . 
  that 's kind of what the g20 already does . 
  it is a political question and a legal question . 
  if scotland votes for independence , then the legal questions will need to be considered then . 
  in my view it would be better if the scottish voters were able to vote on infependce with as much information as possible . 
  the legal position is part of that information . 
  dude , implying that brits want the empire is offensive and not true . 
  perhaps you did n't know this ? 
  now you do . 
   you should really learn to relax , dude . 
  its gone !, 
  dude -- i know its gone . 
  but do you know what has also gone ? 
  brits who want an empire . 
  pretending otherwise is trolling and offensive . 
  it also shows ignorance of britain . 
   you need a source for that or i am not going to take you seriously . 
  [ just look at danish opposition to the euro ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denmark_and_the_euro ) . 
  based on this , it is pretty obvious that most danes want denmark to be able not to enforce certain eu wide legislation . 
  most danes do n't want to be in the euro . 
   so brits joking about every other nation is fine . 
  some jokes are fine , some are not fine , whoever does the jokes . 
  if brits make `` jokes '' that are offensive , they should be called out on it too , of course . 
  of course , you can choose to be offensive if you want , but please do it knowingly and knowing that it is trolling . 
   the brits and their ultra conservatives clinching on to dreams of their lost empire , then you suddenly get all serious and `` offended '' . 
  nobody in britain is clinging onto lost empire . 
  so making a comment that implies that they do is ridiculous . 
   rediculous [ how to spell ridiculous ] ( http://how-to-spell-ridiculous.com/ ), 
   if every member state can simply say `` no i do n't want that '' and stop the entire process , then yes , there is no union . 
  then the union is dead at arrival . 
  whether we call it a union , or whether we call it something else , the way it is structured should reflect what most people want ( not just what you want ) . 
  most people do n't want to get rid of remaining vetoes . 
   actually he is . 
  otherwise it is hardly a union . 
  if you think that it is only a union if member states do n't have any remaining veto powers , then the natural conclusion is that it is n't a union . 
  you might want to get rid of national vetoes , but you must respect the fact that most people do n't want this . 
   we still play the last post in ypres menin gate every evening at 20.00 sharp . 
  this kind of symbolic gesture by belgians , as a way of remembering the innocent who fell , the poor men who died in this conflict ; this hope that it will never happen again , this desire for peace , really resonates with many brits still . 
  while it may be a cheesy thing , many brits are grateful for the way belgians remember this moment in history . 
   this is what we democratically decide to do -- and we 'll take the pain of that decision with the benefits of it this is kind of my point . 
  leaving the eu is not really that drastic for britain and not some crazy scenario . 
  we still stay a smallish island close to the continent . 
  brits never like being isolationist for long - there is the rest of the world out there.we can write ourselves out of the eu , but we ca n't write ourselves out of european history or geography . 
  we will still be friends and allies with belgium . 
   love it when laws discriminate against young adults who are trying to stop being poor . 
  this is n't a law . 
  it is a policy of a mortgage company . 
   granted , but i just would like to warn you that a lot of people in norway are constantly complaining about how they have to adopt eu regulations if they want to export stuff into the common market . 
  i agree with this , but you have to weigh up the people who complain about this with the other people who do n't complain ( and do n't want norway to join the eu ) . 
  equally , if the uk leaves , there will be people who complain . 
  but there are already people who complain that we are in the eu , i am one of them . 
  one way or the other , you are going to have to continue to hear complaints from brits . 
   i think you have a stronger position when negotiating with the rest of the world if you are within the eu than outside of it . 
  for example china in the end usually complies if the eu keeps its leg stiff on import restrictions for certain goods from china , but a u.k.-china bilateral trade deal would look very different , and i do n't think it 'll be the u.k. dictating the outline of the deal . 
  in some ways this is true . 
  but the uk is not a real minnow and also some very small jurisdictions ( iceland , singapore , switzerland , new zealand ) have good trade agreements with much of the world . 
  also some of the uk 's peers ( japan , turkey ) also have good trade agreements . 
  there are also advantages to being small - you can do things quicker . 
  the uk , on its own , would already have agreed a deal with the us . 
  yes , but you said `` defend the empire '' , rather than simply saying you do n't agree with the telegraph 's editorital line or you find that they are deceptive . 
  even if you take that view , it is quite another thing to say that their agenda is to `` defend the empire '' . 
  this can be somewhat offensive to british people and is tiresome to read . 
  if your intention is not to offend british people , i would suggest you stop speaking about `` defending the empire '' . 
  if you are happy to offend british people , then , well , you 're trolling . 
   look at norway !, 
  i 'm looking at it , and i am liking what i am seeing . 
  you 're right that the uk loses influence in europe and that is a cost . 
  but how much influence does the uk really have in europe anyway ? 
  how large is that cost . 
  there are also benefits : the ability to enter into free trade agreements with the rest of the world more easily . 
  the ability not to apply eu legislation to uk domestic trade or trade with other parts of the globe . 
  in my view the benefits outweigh the costs . 
  no , i 'm saying that your use of `` defend the empire '' makes me think that you are a troll . 
  perhaps you might not agree with what this article says ? 
  in which case , feel free to explain why you disagree . 
  but just saying `` empire '' is not really a disagreement . 
  it 's trolling . 
   then you should n't be in the eu where the collective should have the power to force small nations to follow the collective . 
  he 's not in the eu where the collective should have the power to force small nations to follow the collective . 
  this was not the eu he joined . 
  just because you want it to be this way , does n't mean it should be this way . 
  he is in the eu in which the collective should not have the power to force small nations to follow the collective . 
  this it the eu he joined . 
   how can you make a decision on something you have no clue about ? 
  this happens in every election , local , national , european etc. 
  people decide who they want to govern them and some of those people have no clue . 
  you might not like this system , but its name is democracy .
