   you 've already got london ( well , kensington and knightsbridge at least ) ... kensington is still extremely french in my experience ... 
   apparently it 's not that black or white , so arguing that that specific unity is untenable while their specific unity is n't needs further arguments . 
  this is the same as iscotland arguing that specific unity ( being part of the uk ) is untenable while their specific unity ( currency union ) is n't . 
  both positions need further arguments . 
   and they do n't do that afaik . 
  they 're just keeping three options open for themselves . 
  their plan a and preferred option is for a currency union with ruk . 
  various sanctions , etc , between the two countries post-1922 . 
  shit happens , it was the 20s and 30s , some of it was our fault , dev in particular . 
  the separation between ireland and the uk ( which involved a war ) is not really a model for the separation between scotland and the ruk ( which is a legal process agreed by both parties ) . 
  as such , i think the idea that ruk will somehow try and sabbotage scotland a bit fantastical . 
   nobody knows how scotland 's currency will work out . 
  though i am still failing to understand what you think the uk can do to damage scotland 's new currency . 
  obviously , ruk have ruled out a currency union . 
  wow - uk stronk / can into rich people dancing on horses !, 
  ( i 'm a but surprised we placed higher than the germans and the dutch ) . 
  after topping the medal table at the european athletics championships and the european swimming championships , this is turning into a better summer for british sport . 
  ( do n't mention the english football or cricket teams , plox . ), 
  germany 's laws would not outlaw the front national . 
  also , if you have a law which makes it illegal to vote for a party that just got 25 % of the popular vote in the european elections , you are going to get bigger problems , not smaller problems . 
   what about words like na\u00efvet\u00e9 ? 
  you 'd have to be a real poser ( or should i write `` poseur '' / `` poseuse '' ... ) to write that if you were english - i.e. 
  the type of englishman who spends half his life on the rive gauche smoking gauloises and reading simone de bauvouir ... a real true-blue red-meat-eating englishman would say `` naiveness '' instead !, 
  agreed on the heavy-metal band thing . 
  a heavy metal band that did n't sound a tiny bit german would not be cool . 
   but for many ambassador positions or for work in brussels you will still need to speak french for most ambassador positions you do n't need to know french . 
  obviously , to be the ambassador to france you should know french . 
  to work for one of the eu institutions in brussels , a knowledge of french is important ( but becoming less so ) , but not as important as a knowledge of english . 
  it used to be the lingua franca for diplomats . 
  it is n't any more . 
   while ours is very low , effective corporation tax rates are low everywhere . 
  actually , they are significantly higher in other parts of the eu . 
   i do n't anticipate scotland lurching to the right immediately , as i 'm not sure where the right wing would come from . 
  given time scotland will develop one , but the tories get about as many votes in scotland as i do . 
  the tories get few mps in scotland partly due to the fptp system . 
  their share of the vote is quite significant . 
   in terms of the tory vote going up , some swing voters will never be satisfied with the ruling party . 
  the thing here is that the tory vote went up despite the tories being the ruling party . 
  that 's why it was a bit unusual . 
   certainly there 's history for taking a few swipes at the economy of an ungrateful upstart nation who dared to leave the union . 
  for example ? 
   the only danger would be if there was overwhelming political will to kick scottish attempts to establish a currency in the teeth . 
  how do you think the uk could kick the attempt at a currency in the teeth ? 
  how would it do this ? 
  nobody even knows what iscotland 's plan is for its currency . 
  maybe they will join the euro . 
  cultural / political / historical . 
   who are you thinking ? 
  i 'm not french and ca n't vote . 
  if i were voting in france i think i would really struggle to find someone i wanted to vote for . 
  i am eusceptic but could never vote for marine . 
   should n't northern ireland be part of ireland , where it belongs ? 
  do n't you think it might just be a tiny bit more complicated than that ? 
   good to see that self-determination is the issue here . 
  it 's common sense that a small country which leans towards the centre-left would be more comfortable ruling themselves than being a small part of a 60 million person country that is drifting slowly but surely to the right . 
  it might well be the case that an indpendent scotland immediately starts to drift centre right . 
  pretty much the first thing an independent scotland wants to do is reduce corporation tax , ireland style . 
  this is the nation that brought the world adam smith , after all ...  it 's one thing to say the tories do n't reflect the scottish electorate , what about ukip ? 
  scotland just elected a ukip mep . 
  admittedly the share of the vote that ukip got was lower in scotland than in england and wales , but ukip are growing in scotland and this is somewhat interesting . 
  the other statistic that surprised some was that in the last european elections the share of the vote that went to the conservatives in scotland went up ( despite the conservatives being in westminster ) . 
  the share of the vote that the conservatives got in the rest of the uk went down . 
   smaller countries are inevitably going to be better at using their resources too , the decision makers will be much closer to the issues at hand . 
  i tend to agree with you here - however , there are good and bad examples of small countries . 
  hopefully iscotland would be like an ireland or a denmark rather than a greece or a macedonia ... 
   i was always under the impression that the queen - really , the royal family in general - does n't give her/their opinion on political matters , ever . 
  correct . 
  it is seen as contoversial for the queen to make political statements . 
  it is also seen as a bit controversial for the newspapers to publish stories about them . 
  a lot of old europe has long been anti-american/anti-anglo-saxon . 
  the uk is obviously in a bit of an unusual position here . 
   yea , just looked it up . 
  umlaut is still correct english though , while trema is dutch again . 
  most native anglophones will say neither umlaut or trema but instead say `` two dots above the i '' or maybe `` what the f * ck ? '' . 
  i think the correct term in the english language is `` diaeresis '' , but almost nobody knows this . 
  when writing english it is ( in my opinion ) best never to use the two dots - it is sometimes seen when writing naive ( i ca n't find the two dots on my keyboard ) but this is seen as a bit pretentious . 
  however , the english language rejects rules and regulations . 
  you can mostly do what you like or call things what you like . 
   but ump and ps , with their terrible ways of governing the countries , what could ump and the ps actually do differently ? 
  what policies do you actually want to see the ump and the ps campaign for ? 
  currently it does look like marine will reach the second round , where she will lose to ump . 
  i do n't think there is anyone in the ps who can get to the second round anymore - though if they do they will have a somewhat difficult time beating marine . 
   i mean , i am really struggling to think of who to vote for . 
  i like neither fn or hollande ... let me introduce you to a certain monsieur bling bling , who might be your other choice . 
  in the first round you might also be able to vote for the greens or the hard left . 
  i do n't think anyone outside of scotland is acting like they get to decide , however , obviously the rest of the uk is currently in a relationship with scotland and will stay in a relationship of some sorts with scotland however the vote goes , so they ca n't just ignore the issue . 
  the rest of the uk has to have some involvement in the debate - this is separate from the question over who should vote . 
  this kind of liberal policy is something that makes me much more likely to vote for them . 
  in recent years it seems like they have forgotten that they are meant to be liberal . 
  not really . 
  it is about trying to save the union . 
  this really does n't mean anyone thinks that there should n't be self-determination or that anyone owns anyone . 
   i 'd say is poor wording on their part ... 
  it gives a message that i do n't quite like that much i think something might be lost in translation here - if this type of language offends you then basically you should never read the british press or the internet ... 
  i 'm sure that there are lots of pro-union scots who would also use language like `` save the union '' . 
  it would be really surprising if there were n't a lof of people in the rest of the uk who do n't have strong opinions about whether the uk is something that should currently exist ( as it currently is ) . 
  it is obviously an emotional issue as well as a political , social and legal issue ... 
  obviously they do n't have the power to save the union , because only people in scotland are voting . 
   she apparently really hates usa it seems that this kind of rhetoric is something that some french voters like . 
   the issue i have is with the brits outside of scotland , not the ones inside of it , yeah many of these people are scottish .
