  had the political factors not been there , cooler heads might have prevailed . 
   nowhere near on the same level as greece - you can see here that their budget deficits were abnormally large , often worse than a 5 % deficit since the 1980s . 
  it was only for a few years around the time they were joining the eu that they were n't so bad , and that 's questionable . 
  i agree that greece 's budget deficits were abnormally large . 
  however , again , this indicates a systemic problem as none of the countries breaching the limits were fined . 
  we must therefore blame the people that designed the system in addition to the people that took advantage of it . 
  edit - typo ... 
  personally i blame the reurozone more than i blame the greeks . 
  it is the reurozone that is avoiding the necessary solution , which is fiscal union . 
  economies are n't successful just because of resources . 
  look at switzerland and singapore . 
  they are successful for a whole multitude of political factors . 
  the uk does not need to have energy to be economically successful , though it does have shale . 
  yeah , poor canada and australia , always being exploited by superpowers . 
  if they did n't get sanctions already for being in breach , we ca n't really know if they will get them in the future . 
  actually , i think people would start to wonder if the eu as a whole is a success if they ca n't manage a greece situation well . 
  much would depend on the aftermath of a grexit ( which could develop in any number of different ways ) . 
  do n't do it of course and ideally return to national currencies . 
  if people do n't want to be in a fiscal union , then they should not be forced . 
  the eurozone is doing things in this order : - ( 1 ) create monetary union - ( 2 ) create fiscal union - ( 3 ) check with people what would have made a lot more sense would have been to have done things in this order : - ( 1 ) check with people - ( 2 ) create fiscal union - ( 3 ) create monetary union . 
   is n't the problem the conduct of successive greek governments ? 
  faking figures to get into the eu , and then going on a spending binge , then promising anything to get bailout money , then not implementing anything except attacking their own poor , and now the current government who wo n't do anything but pithy quotes ? 
  this is n't really accurate and both sides are to blame . 
  greece did fake the figures , but everyone knew that they did and accepted them anyway . 
  it was n't just greece going on a binge as multiple governments breached the stability and growth obligations . 
  greece also did implement multiple spending cuts . 
  also , you need to recognise that ultimately the design of the eurozone is extremely flawed : you can not have effective monetary union without a fiscal union in the absence of a optimal currency area . 
  it is n't just the greeks ' fault that the design of the eurozone is flawed . 
   having said that , i think the study should be viewed critically , as the sample only involves some thousand people . 
  assuming that the sampling was done correctly , this poll will have a 3 % level of accuracy . 
   so much for that transfer union ... a transfer union with 24 % of germans i guess ... 
  i 'm strongly in favour of the eurozone becoming a transfer union and home that eurozone politicians quickly accept that it is necessary and explain it to the peoples of the eurozone , the necessary treaty changes are enacted and then the peoples of the eurozone vote to become a transfer union , with proper democratic oversight . 
   yeah , i think it 's a dangerous situation , and people are being a bit shortsighted . 
  feels like 1914 to me , people stubbornly walking into a horrible situation that could be avoided . 
  it 's a mess , but this is not on a 1914 level of mess . 
  germans are not about to invade belgium to get to france . 
  let 's be realistic about the scale of the mess ... 
   very well uk , how about you chip some cash in for the cause then ? 
  uk contributed via imf . 
  however , ultimately this is a eurozone political problem which the eurozone needs to solve with a political solution . 
  the eurozone does not need to be bailed out by the uk . 
  the eurozone needs to be able to stand on its own two feet and move money within the eurozone to the right places . 
   except that the austerity programs issued to greece , spain , portugal and ireland were not based on eu policy . 
  the austerity programmes were designed by the european commission , the european central bank and the international monetary fund . 
  to say that the programmes were n't eu policy seems to miss the point a little . 
  scotland is filled with irish ... 
   france is not complying but they will get sanctions as any other country if it lasts . 
  no , france did not get sanctions . 
  they got a two year reprieve from brussels , which was criticised by some other member states . 
  it is n't just brits who are an exeception ... , 
   are you implying that a grexit would exacerbate tensions between the uk and the eu , and entrench the possibility of the uk leaving even more ? 
  not quite , i think the consequences would be indirect rather than direct . 
  i think it is very hard to predict what the outcome would be , hence extremely unforseeable . 
  however , it is hard to imagine that there would be no consequences . 
  potential consequences would be : - reurozone suddenly become realistic about putting in place changes needed for a successful monetary union ( i.e. 
  movement towards fiscal union ) . 
  this would take huge amount of political time and energy , which removes time and energy away from brexit discussions . 
  even if the reurozone does not move towards fiscal union , the post grexit work load will surely take time away from brexit renegotiations . 
  this makes life difficult for cameron , who has set himself a tight time-table . 
  - markets react in all kinds of ways and domestic politics changes in all kinds of ways . 
  i ca n't see how a grexit does not impact the spanish and portuguese elections for example . 
  there are also risks that speculators might come after sovereign debt , bank debt of portugal , italy and spain . 
  - uk public perception towards reu changes somewhat , with the eu losing a lot of creditibility because a country has dropped out of the euro . 
  if the subsequent reurozone versus greece blame game gets very bitter ( as seems likely ) , i think brits watching the show might get turned off the idea of the eu somewhat . 
  i 'm just speculating though . 
   . . or , it 's just greece `` unwilling to have it any other way '' while all other countries in europe agreed for the stability and growth pact . 
  uk did not agree to stabity and growth pact . 
  france did agree to it , but currently is not in compliance . 
  a grexit ( and even a default by greece somehow managing to stay within the euro ) would impact the brexit debate in all kinds of unforseeable ways . 
   think of the name `` markku '' as its english counterpart `` mark '' . 
  so someone whose surname was markkula decided it would be a good idea to call his son markku ? 
  i feel like this is as bad as someone calling their son mark marks ... 
  everyone will play the blame game afterwards . 
  this is going to go in both directions and , the reality is , that both sides are to blame . 
   that has very little to do with their currency . 
  i 'm just trying to understand the damage that has been caused to them that you are talking about . 
   then when the released the peg it caused massive damage to their economy what is the damage ? 
  they are still one of the most prosperous countries in the world , with very low unemployment and a very high standard of living . 
  it would be great if the uk had the same `` damage '' !, 
  the pound is not pegged to the euro at all and goes up and down against it , depending on many different factors . 
  there is no point trying to control it . 
  let is float freely . 
   the country has been in shambles long before the euro entered their economy . 
  it 's a problem of culture and policies . 
  it is almost impossible to change culture quickly ( if at all ) ... 
  this takes generations . 
  given that we ca n't easily change greek culture , it does not make sense to be in a currency union with countries with a very different culture from them , who have a very different type of economy . 
  the shambles will continue , but at least they will be able to devalue , to reflect the shambles . 
   i agree with you in a sense that the drachma is necessary in the sense that what greece is aiming towards a default . 
  however once that happens i have very little trust in the country recovering itself . 
  i do n't trust the current greek government to do a good job . 
  i would prefer a new greek government that was really committed to market reforms aimed at making the country more competitive . 
   the wiggle room for currency adjustments is very small . 
  just look at what happened in switzerland just recently switzerland 's currency does fluctuate against the euro . 
  switzerland appreciated massively against the euro and , frankly , it needed to do this . 
  so i think this is a bad example for your case . 
  i do n't think anybody really thinks that switzerland does n't have a great economy and does n't manage with its own currency . 
   there is a difference between the euro losing 20 % of its value and a hypothetical drachma losijg 90 % or more . 
  the consensus among economists is that the drachma would lose 50 % of its value , which is what it needs to lose . 
  devaluations help a failing economy .
