   only someone very arrogant , who knows absolutely nothing about these languages could categorically claim that it 's the same language . 
  i 'm not categorically claiming that they are the same language though , am i ? 
  i 'm simply indicating that they are mutally intelligible and there is a debate among linguists . 
  as has been discussed endlessly on this sub and elsewhere , whether something is considered a different language or whether it is considered a different dialect is largely a question of politics rather than linguistics . 
  i 'm well aware that as a matter of politics , croatians are keen to say that croatian is a different language from serbian . 
  the fact that this is n't a debate among croatians , does n't mean that it is n't a debate among linguists . 
  not being a linguist i 'm not conversant with the details of this debate , though knowing that they are mutually intelligible and that speakers of serbian would be able to answer my question and that there is a debate , i think it made sense to write '' ( serbo - ) croatian '' . 
  even though he is n't in charge of anything yet , he has had ample opportunity to screw up , harry-style . 
  there is already intense public scrutiny of how he behaves and what he says . 
  the fact that he has n't screwed up yet is indicative ( though i agree not conclusive ) that he will behave well once he is in charge of stuff . 
  it 's not like we currently have no data or no idea what kind of a guy he is . 
  i 'd be quite happy to use the term dano-norwegian etc , though the main reason i do n't use it is because it is n't widely used . 
  differently , the term `` serbo-croat '' is widely used . 
  the fact that no country identifies its language as serbo-croatian is not conclusive as to whether it makes sense linguistically to say that serbian and croatian are one language or two languages . 
  the reason i put brackets round `` serbo '' was precisely to indicate that there is a debate here . 
  i guess serbian speakers would be able to understand what the girl is saying ? 
  there is more chance of the scots voting for independence if they keep the pound then if they do n't . 
  the choice about keeping the pound is to maximise the chances of a `` yes '' vote . 
  keeping the pound is also not necessarily a permanent solution . 
  they would have the opinion to join the euro or perhaps even create a new scottish currency in due course . 
  but i agree - what is being proposed is very much independence-lite . 
  the fact that we do n't know what william and kate believe is a good sign though for the monarchy . 
  my suspicion is that they do n't really have any beliefs to speak of . 
  their behaviour in the last few years has ticked every box - though as you say it will be interesting to see how long they can keep this up , what with the pressure of the 24 hour news cycle . 
  we do n't know what elizabeth believes after all either and that is partly why she has been popular . 
  we do know what charles believes and we did know what diana believed . 
   it really depends on what type of monarch william would be . 
  he could inherit a throne in more danger than it has ever been . 
  the william and kate show thus far has been hugely successful and popular . 
  if they continue , the monarchy in britain is basically guaranteed for the forseeable future . 
  charles is somewhat a weak link , but not weak enough to do serious damage . 
   nobody should be put in charge by birth . 
  he is n't in charge . 
  anyone who speaks ( serbo - ) croatian able to summarise briefly what she is saying ? 
  i 'm not generally a fan of the destruction of symbols like flags , but perhaps i might make an exception for the eu flag ... 
  the uk does not have an official language . 
  i speak with '' [ received pronunciation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/received_pronunciation ) '' , the traditional prestige accent of south east england . 
  along with most people in britain , i modify my accent depending on whom i am speaking to . 
  at work i always use received pronunciation as it has a perception of professionalism . 
  if i am in a supermarket , i generally use '' [ estuary english ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estuary_english ) '' as it sounds more friendly than received pronunciation . 
  do you pay taxes in the country you want to vote in ? 
  it is hard to argue that you should have representation in a place where you pay no taxation . 
  i had it until a month or so ago . 
  perhaps this sub is getting more eusceptic . 
  in which case , it is getting closer to the mainstream of european opinion . 
  it is great the way ukip are becoming popular all over europe . 
  i think europhobe is not a good term for someone who does not consider themselves to be european though . 
  it is not commonly used to express this concept . 
  lots of people do n't consider themselves to be european , but like europe . 
  personally i do n't think the eu should do things that can easily be done at a local level . 
  i do n't think the eu should be doing things just because it `` can '' . 
  it should only do them if they ca n't be done at member state level . 
  i 'm a strong believer in subsidiarity . 
  i think all that is needed is for poland simply to recognise gay marriages that have taken place elsewhere , without necessarily enacting local legislation . 
  any evidence that it is n't doing this ? 
  i 'm still not seeing an actual need for eu involvement/legislation as opposed to a theoretical one . 
  it is possible that a country could argue this . 
  but , really , the kind of country that refuses to recognise a uk gay marriage on the basis of public policy is not really the kind of country that would allow eu legislation on that subject . 
  if i see evidence that there is actually a real problem with recognition of gay marriage in the eu , then perhaps there might be a need for the eu to beef up its approach to marriage recognition . 
  but i would need to see evidence of a real problem before thinking that there was a need for eu involvement . 
  britain solved this by using the democratic process in the national parliament . 
  why ca n't other eu countries do this too ? 
  the european parliament does not need to be involved . 
  i think i have solved the problem . 
  look up the hague convention on private international law . 
  nothing further that the eu needs to do here . 
  this is already being done globally . 
  for whom ? 
  i think if you are anti eu it would be better to vote for an anti eu party as that will further our cause . 
  i think if this is something britain is able to solve , then i think other eu countries can too . 
  if they are not able to solve these things by themselves , perhaps they were n't ready to join the eu in the first place . 
  i disagree somewhat as marriage is obviously not something that relates directly to the common market . 
  if different eu countries have different laws about marriage , the common market is not really impacted . 
  the crucial thing is that they recognise each other 's marriages . 
  this is n't really an eu issue though , it is a global issue . 
  am agreement to govern the relationship between the eu and the uk in the event of a brexit . 
  it will need to cover a huge number of things . 
  it is ironic that nigel is basically the first politician with appeal across the eu . 
  are you talking about a couple that got legally married in a different country ? 
  my recollection ( from university days ) is that there is an international convention about recognition of marriage already that most countries in the world have signed . 
  essentially , if you are legally recognised in country a , according to the laws of country a , then country b will recognise that marriage even if they have different laws concerning marriage . 
  given that marriage formalities vary widely , this is really the only workable solution and i think that gay marriage would be dealt with the same way , under the same convention . 
  i do n't really think of this as an eu matter . 
  most of the world needs to sign conventions like this . 
  i do n't really know what the situation is like for gays in most of europe . 
  i do know what the situation is like in britain , and i do n't think the eu needs to do anything about it in britain . 
  what exact thing were you thinking ? 
  i ca n't think of any specific policy i would expect the eu to do about homophobia , but perhaps you have something in mind ? 
  yes - it makes sense for both sides for the uk and reu to negotiate something new entirely . 
  i think negotiate something entirely different . 
  neither the norwegian model nor the swiss model quite make sense for britain . 
  though the swiss model would be much better than the norwegian one . 
  i actually find the expression europhobe to be a bit odd and without meaning . 
  what does it mean not to like a continent ? 
  why is there no equivalent word for other continents ?!, 
  often when people say europhobe , they do n't mean a hatred of europe , but instead a hatred of the eu , which is why i prefer the ( clumsier ) euphobe as it is clearer what it actually means . 
  why ca n't that be done at member state level ? 
  why does the eu need to be involved ? 
  haha !, 
  i think it is fairly clear that there is a plurality of opinion on this sub , as things should be .
