  it surprised me that france seemed to want the eu budget to increase at a time that the french budget was being cut . 
  i would have thought that france would want to protect its own citizens . 
  the eu treaties obviously are in desperate need of renegotiation now , as is shown by the terrible crisis in the eurozone . 
  the uk is correct to push for a renegotiation urgently . 
   but as it stands electors are dependent on government and politicians in general to know what 's possible . 
  no one is going to refuse a free sandwich , right ? 
  the problem with british politics is that your politicians extend promises and perspectives to their electors , which they ca n't expect to negociate without pissing their international partners . 
  if our international partners want different things from the uk then so be it . 
  then the uk should leave the eu . 
  that 's fine . 
  i personally will be voting `` out '' . 
  if france wants its monetary policy and immigration policy to be decided in berlin and brussels , then i am very happy for france . 
  however , i strongly do n't think that the uk should follow france on this type of thing . 
   good points , i hope we will find a good balance for all of us to prevent harm in the future . 
  many thanks , i hope so too . 
  i have enjoyed discussing with you , 
   you did not just compare the uk to both canada and singapore xd why would i not consider them ? 
  english speaking , trade minded people with the common law ? 
   do you think could be possible if we still believe in something like borders and national states ? 
  i think borders and nation states help democracy function well . 
  i think if there were no borders or no nation states we would not have a functioning democracy , which would cause other problems . 
   i mean borders do nothing more than dividing people in different groups of people just by the geographic . 
  i do n't think that people being in different nations ( or other different groups ) necessarily causes harm . 
  i love french people . 
  ( i know this is a bit hard to believe ! ), 
  this does not mean i think that france and the uk should be one nation . 
  ultimately we are too different . 
  the french and the brits like to do things differently , have different systems and so forth . 
  we can be peaceful families while staying separate . 
  i think forcing us into one single entity would cause problems and eventual resentment . 
   it 's about the arguments they use , not who they are . 
  you can be pro-fptp for entirely different reasons than stated in the propaganda posters , in which case you are not associated with those people . 
  i brought them up to see whether or not you agreed with the reasoning and emotionally charged baiting . 
  politics is an emotionally charged business and people feel passionate about it . 
  i also strongly believe in free speech and robust discussion ( as i hope i sometimes demonstrate on this sub ) !, 
  so i ca n't get too excited about a poster of a baby or something , even if it is n't something that personally impacted me in any way . 
   for me the eu is pointless if it is not more than a trading union and not just like a `` family '' of nations . 
  the main point for eu and the structures we builded before the eu was to balance the power within european nation like france and germany and the coal union and so on . 
  for my historical knowledge we did this to prevent something like the big wars we had in the past . 
  for me the best way of ensuring peace is by encouraging democracy . 
  i think ultimately it is failures of democracy that lead to wars in the past in europe . 
  my worry about the eu is that it detracts from democracy , rather than improves it . 
  ( i think we see this now within greece , the euro has meant that their democracy is undermined , which has lead to an increase in extremism . ), 
  this strikes me as very worrying . 
  also , while i think `` family of nations '' is a nice concept , i see this as a concept that applies to the whole of humanity . 
  as much as i like germany , i like other parts of the world just as much . 
  i also do n't think we need to turn into a full single federal state to like each other . 
   regardless i wondered what that feels like , to realize you agree strongly on an important issue with really questionable individuals . 
  when deciding what i think about an issue , i do n't think it really makes sense to give undue consideration to who is on my side or not . 
  ultimately , politics is about ideas and principles , rather than about identity . 
  i think it is important to separate a message from a messenger . 
  for me , when deciding what i think about the uk 's voting system , it would be crazy to vote just because of a poster . 
  also , for me while that poster was in somewhat poor taste ( i agree ) i do n't think it was really extreme . 
   right . 
  you 're suggesting that we 'd get a better deal with things by not being within the eu ? 
  yes . 
  look at switzerland . 
  or norway . 
  or singapore . 
  they have good deals . 
   well , other countries have a different opinion on the matter . 
  there is no country in the world that thinks international agreements should never be renegotiated , least of all france . 
  think of all the many times that the eu treaties have been renegotiated ? 
  are you saying that they should n't have happened ? 
   especially when calls for renegociation are publicly discussed in a bid to attract electors . 
  electors are the exact people who should be the ones that want the renegotiation to happen . 
  if people want to rengeotiate , it is the job of goverment to do it . 
   i do n't agree on that one sorry i was making a specific point on evidence . 
  ( i just do n't think there is evidence that most people want to give more power to the eu in many countries , as this poll suggests . ), 
   were you not concerned by the the propaganda made by ` no2av ' to scare people away from fptp ? 
  it did n't impact my vote . 
  i voted on the basis of which system i preferred . 
  i 'm not too bothered by posters like that . 
  to me it is part of free speech . 
   actually it 's not a matter of influencing this or that country , but the common institutions , and surely that is in the interest of uk citizens as well as others . 
  to me there is not that much difference between influencing other countries directly or indirectly via institutions . 
  i want the uk to leave the eu . 
  i do n't much mind how the institutions of the eu look , provided that their influence over the uk is at a minimum . 
  i think this is the interest of uk citizens . 
   so essentially you 're telling me that you 're fine with everything i said , so long as we did it outside of the eu ? 
  correct me if i have misunderstood you , but i thought your argument was that globalisation meant that the uk should embrace the eu . 
  i was disputing this . 
   but then , you understand that other countries ca n't count on you as a stable partner not really . 
  countries do n't consider you stable if you breach agreements . 
  i am talking about a renegotiation of agreements , not a breach of them . 
  there is nothing unreliable about a renegotiation . 
   it 's also really not that odd to have an alliance with your neighbour , even if you 're trying to make it out to be . 
  i 'm not saying that the uk should n't have an alliance with france . 
  the uk has been allied with france for 200 years and i consider this incredibly important . 
  however , the uk 's alliance with france should not be at the expense of alliances in other parts of the world and flight length is meaningless here . 
   so we should dismiss our ties with france and portugal simply because they 're not as good as our other ones ? 
  however , we can have alliances with france and portugal outside the eu . 
   nothing logical about working with other countries to achieve something better than we could do alone ? 
  political or not , there are benefits to working with other countries . 
  we can work with countries without being in the eu . 
   but the u.s. have also one currency with very difference economic powers of there states . 
  so for me we should think a little bit bigger if we really want to . 
  but if we wane to think bigger that 's of curse is in the decision of every souverain country . 
  but at some point we should decide if we wane build a real union or not i agree that the eurozone , as currently designed , will not work well in the future . 
  for the eurozone to survive , far greater integration is necessary and this will effectively transfer democratic decisions from the nation state to the eu ( as is currently happening ) .
