  this is not the case with greece and the rest of the eurozone . 
   so ... about what amount would be needed ? 
  this is an interesting question , but note that the uk and the usa both have much larger effective fiscal transfers within them . 
  the usa and the uk also have ( arguably ) less need for fiscal transfers because the imbalances within them are less marked and also it is easier for the populations to move around for work . 
   that 's fair enough for the loans , but what about all the structural and development aid the eu pumps into places like greece ? 
  why do they not count as fiscal transfers ? 
  you 're right , they are fiscal transfers . 
  the point about these transfers is that they are not large enough in scale . 
   so ... genuine question here ... why does all that not count as `` fiscal transfer '' ? 
  the point about fiscal transfers is that you plan them in advance before the economy gets destroyed . 
  they are not something you only start doing on a temporary basis when everything is going to shit as a way of pushing the can down the road . 
  also , it is better to actually be clear that they are fiscal transfers . 
  in the eu everyone is pretending that these are just loans that will be paid back . 
   you see that , brits ? 
  you 're now better in putin 's book . 
  he is still no good in our books ... 
   financial transfer from one part of europe to another have been integral to the eec and eu from the outset . 
  except that instead of being called `` fiscal transfers '' they are called subsidies or developmental aid . 
  what is actually needed , though , are transfers in relation to the eurozone and they need to be far larger . 
   perhaps the integration should have been sorted out before/as the euro was introduced ? 
  these are the steps that the eu should have taken : ( 1 ) explain to the people what currency union would mean ( fiscal transfers , centralised decision making ) and get their consent ( 2 ) create political structures and begin fiscal transfers ( 3 ) introduce currency the eu seems to be trying to do these things in the reverse order . 
  it is really quite extraordinary . 
   no it 's not , people voted leave because westminster managed to deceive them over decades into believing that most of the working class woes of the country were the eu 's fault . 
  combined with politicians who managed to make people not distinguish between eu migrants and non eu ( and less skilled me etc migrants ) , we got the melting pot of issues , racial and scapegoated eu to lead us to where we are now . 
  westminster would not have got so sick of the eu in the first place if the eu were not so shit . 
  one of the shitty things about the eu was exactly that it put in place a shitty currency union , lowering economic growth in the periphery and adding to unemployment there . 
  had the eu not been so obsessed with this kind of project , westminster ( and the british people ) would have tolerated the eu much more . 
   i wish eu politicians focused more on actually making the project work than `` making the project '' . 
  this is one of the strong reasons for euscepticism in the uk and why brexit happened . 
  during negotiations about the common currency , uk politicians consistently warned that there would be problems and yet other eu politicians did n't listen . 
  in the eyes of brits , this has made the eu simply less trustworthy as a partner . 
  i think i would be a great choice . 
  can confirm that i would not antagonise myself . 
  we do n't hate you - we 're just glad we 're not in a monetary union with you and soon not in any kind of union , 
  fluctuated massively . 
   it might not be as favourable as being in the single market but trade must go on . 
  it will ideally become even more favourable as the uk further liberalises and opens itself to trade . 
   so in my view the sum will be : the uk will still trade with the eu but less favourably than when it was in the single market , or it will be in the single market but without having much say ( which would be peachy for my country ) but not sure that 's likely . 
  but the supposed boost it 'll get from being ` free to have its own trade deals with the rest of the world ' is imo non-existent . 
  because unlike with the rest of europe ( where global interests are most aligned ) the rest of the world will not be kind for the uk just because it 's the uk . 
  the thing about free trade is that you do n't need other people to be kind to you . 
  you just need to liberalise your own rules and open yourself to world markets . 
   like , what was europe supposed to do ? 
  what are we supposed to do more than this ? 
  any measures going beyond this are going to infringe their rights to whatever sooner or later . 
  you ca n't coerce people to do `` integration stuff '' . 
  the other thing that is interesting is that the uk and france took totally different approaches . 
  uk tried multiculturalism ( i.e. 
  accepting women wearing the veil , allowing communities to live separately along side each other ) whereas france tried assimilation , but it seems both the uk and france failed . 
   these were already existing laws when hollande was elected . 
  you ca n't blame it for this . 
  if the law is wrong , the law should be changed . 
  just because it existed this does not mean it should keep existing . 
   brexit was not supposed to happen and nobody expected it to happen , even the politicians who pushed for it . 
  so now it has thrown uk and eu into a huge period of uncertainty . 
  brexit is the only thing on that list which is not a crisis . 
  brexit is a wonderful opportunity for both the uk and the eu . 
  we will all benefit !, 
   i disagree , again , trade and power . 
  completely neglected you seem to think that the companies in the eu will not want to export to the uk . 
  they will . 
  however , i am concerned that without the uk being in the eu , the eu will become more protectionist . 
  but , it seems you want that . 
   but free trade only works when the ones you trade with also believe in it , and they kind of do n't . 
  [ actually , free trade works unilaterally . 
  ] ( http://www.iea.org.uk/blog/post-brexit-britain-should-adopt-unilateral-free-trade ) i am well aware that the eu does not believe in free trade and this is one of the reasons why i voted to leave . 
  however , the eu is not really going to stop exporting to the uk is it ? 
   what reduced tariffs ? 
  the uk should unilaterally reduce all tariffs on all imports from the rest of the world . 
  i believe in free trade . 
   so referendum only when it \u00b4 s of the interest of some ... no , honestly if the people want a referendum they should have one . 
   `` there \u00b4 re people that have an agenda on disrupting the most the eu process '' ... or to maintain coherence in his position , he has to defend the same referendum process to other issues that people consider pertinent ... 
  if there are other issues that the people think are of overwhelming importance and the politicians agree that it should be the people that have the ultimate say over them , then the people can vote for politicians keen to give the people a say . 
  this is still representative democracy . 
  a legislative process and an election process takes place before the referendum . 
   i can understand it for greece and yes they have a hard time . 
  but for uk ? 
  the big difference between uk and greece is unemployment rate . 
  wage decline is n't great , but it is better than being unemployed . 
   when i vote for someone in the parliament , i vote for his ideas , including ideas related to eu ... his idea relating to the eu might be that it should be for the people to have a direct say in it before we continue further because it has suffered from a lack of legitimacy . 
   and the very people that have voted to leave will be the ones worse off for it . 
  no , we will be richer . 
  reducing tariffs will make things cheaper . 
  that is one of the reasons why we voted for brexit , to make trade easier . 
   this is mostly down to the massive devaluation of the pound in 2008 causing inflation to jump and it has n't recovered since . 
  the pound has fluctuated massively in value since 2008 . 
  there has not been very much high inflation over this period . 
   the fact is , a common currency , even when not perfect , still gives huge competitive advantages to the eu as a whole . 
  no , it does not give any advantages . 
  it just creates unemployment in the less competitive areas . 
   who says the public will be happy with the eea , which has most of the drawbacks of the eu ( adopting brussels ' rules , free movement , still paying money ) ? 
  we know what the majority voted against , but nobody has a clear idea of what it actually expects now . 
  in a democracy there is no system that satisfies everyone . 
  everything is a compromise . 
  my expectation is that the british people would prefer the eea to the eu ( just as the norwegians do ) . 
  however , i do not think that they will want it for long , which is why i consider it temporary . 
  as to what constitutes a drawback or a benefit , that is really a matter of opinion . 
   it would be just as democratic to present the future negotiated deal to a referendum . 
  a lot of people on this sub seem to think that referendums are a bad idea . 
  i am glad that you agree with me that they are a good idea .
