  i would note that this has not seemed to stop people from poorer backgrounds going to university . 
  i was initially imposed to universities being funded by students rather than tax-payers because i feared it would stop poorer students going to university . 
  but so far the data does not seem to have shown this . 
  i agree , in the longer term being mayor of london helps khan 's political career . 
  but in terms of being labour leader , labour needed a new leader a year ago . 
  khan will be mayor of london for at least another three years , labour ca n't wait that long . 
  i am not sure that we have evidence that khan would be the best at attracting voters outside of london . 
  we have already seen the problems corbyn has outside of london and labour is currently getting a lot of criticism for being too london-centric . 
  ( johnson did not have that problem because the tories are not seen as being london-centric . ), 
   i 'm a strong believer in meritocracy , and wealth inequality combined with other barriers to social mobility i am also a strong believer in meritocracy , having benefitted massively from meritocratic education and career progression myself . 
  i also operate in an environment ( the city ) which is one of the most meritocratic environments in the uk and unsurprisingly one of the most diverse working places in the world . 
  the best way , in my view , to maintain meritocracy is through rigorous and academic education . 
  i am always gutted when i interview job candidates who are clearly bright but have been let down by the education system , it puts me as an employer in a difficult position . 
  but i think that education in much of the uk is improving in recent years . 
  this kind of stuff is character building ;-), 
  khan would be much better than corbyn , but he is not an mp and is busy being mayor of london . 
  he is also from london and currently labour are doing well in london but worse outside of london . 
  so perhaps it might make more sense for labour to choose someone from outside london . 
   it happens rarely for a country like the u.k or even denmark but it happens . 
  our conservative party basically died in the 90 's and has stayed dead . 
  in the uk the tories have basically been around for 300 years . 
  the liberal party came close to death in the early twentieth century , but in the last few decades have been gradually growing . 
  labour will either die or change . 
   now you say `` aha !, 
  but we should have been discussing this other thing ! '', 
  seriously ? 
  just admit you were wrong . 
  i read what you first wrote wrongly . 
  i assumed that both you and the labour party would be more interested in income inequality . 
  apologies if you or the labour party are actually more interested in wealth inequality . 
  in relation to the labour party , i do n't think that is really addressing a concern for most people in the uk . 
  housing is a real concern . 
   it 's problematic when your 40 and 50 year olds face job insecurity . 
  i do n't think 40 and 50 year olds in the uk do face particular job insecurity . 
  employment levels are very high . 
  this is really not something that the labour party should focus on . 
   you confuse `` income '' with `` wealth '' , which is what we were discussing . 
  i think in terms of the labour party 's message , it is hard for them to argue about inequality when income inequality is falling . 
   because they can earn over 3 x in a precarious uk job than they would in a safe job in their home country . 
  this though really demonstrates that for most people precariousness is not a concern . 
  in most of the uk unemployment is very low and if you lose your job you can get another one very quickly . 
  this makes jobs much less precarious by virtue of market forces . 
  uk is not going to stop capital moving in or out of the uk from anywhere in the world ( other than sanctioned countries ) . 
   i 'm interested in the basis for your assertion . 
  [ my reading of the most recent ons reports are than inequality in the uk is decreasing . 
  ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/personalandhouseholdfinances/incomeandwealth/bulletins/householddisposableincomeandinequality/financialyearending2016 )  certainly a lot of employers love the erosion of workers ' rights , but i 'd assume you agree that there are plenty of people who do n't like the trend away from job security ? 
  i actually think a lot of employees prefer to have flexibility too , especially students or others who because of their commitments prefer to structure their work around their own needs . 
  not everyone wants this , but my understanding is that the majority of people on zero hours contracts want to be on zero hours contracts . 
  i just do n't accept that job security is really so bad in the uk - if it were , why would hundreds of thousands of people move to the uk for work every year ? 
  surely it is not for the food or the weather . 
   my point stands - labour should be able to put together a more appealing platform . 
  on this point i am not disagreeing . 
  but if i were them i would focus on things like housing , which the uk is doing incredibly badly on , rather than employment , which the uk is doing well on . 
   it 's debatable whether they need to compensate those companies . 
  i do n't think that the taxpayer should bail out companies full stop . 
  companies should stand on their own two feet . 
   we were talking about trying third of the uk population i do n't see the point of saying `` third '' - i think it is more accurate to simply use the figure of 48 % . 
  i think very few of the 48 % consider brexit a catastrophe and none that i have met . 
  i have no idea why you think that they do consider it to be a catastrophe , so i was assuming that you must be referring to yourself . 
  but if you also do n't consider it to be a catastrophe , i am delighted . 
   yeah , catastrophe is the better word . 
  it might be a catastrophe from your perspective , but i am delighted that a majority of brits voted for the uk to leave the eu . 
   what a great idea . 
  unfortunately punitive tariffs are usually answered with punitive tariffs . 
  nobody in the uk is proposing tariffs on eu trade at all , let alone punitive tariffs . 
  generally i would n't ban any articles whatsoever . 
  i agree that a lot of articles the guardian writes can be shit , but then the correct way of addressing them is pointing out their shitness rather than banning them . 
  seeking to ban articles just reduces discussion rather than enhancing it . 
   in these days of ever increasing wealth disparities , greater job insecurity , and reinforced barriers to social mobility . 
  wealth disparity is decreasing in the uk and has been for a few years now . 
  as for job security , there is a global trend away from conventional 9-5 employment towards more flexible working , but i think that a lot of people like that trend . 
  it should also be seen in the context of record employment figures in the uk . 
  i agree that the uk has some more problems with social mobility , but i think the key way of fixing this is more housing . 
  education seems to be improving in the uk as a way of overcoming barriers to social mobility . 
  the difference between my hope and expectation and yours is that mine is rational . 
  if you disagree with an article , best just to explain in your comment why you disagree with it , rather than seek to ban it . 
   come on , punitive tariffs ? 
  they did n't elect donald trump , they brexited , they 're not that unreasonable . 
  i hope and expect that brexit leads to reduced tariffs and greater free trade . 
   kotor is beautiful , the climb up to st. john 's fortress , or castle of san gionvanni , is known as the 5000 steps and was funded by us heritage project - the view from up there is stunning . 
  went to kotor with my mother and my brother last year . 
  can confirm that it is beautiful , but three quarters of the way to the top my mother decided that she already thought that the view was sufficiently stunning and that she could already guess what the view would be like at the very top , so could we please stop and sit down right where we were and then walk back down again . 
  :(  english is not spoken very much , in some of the lesser touristy places , and even in quite a few tourist spots . 
  on that same holiday my mother decided that she did not want to eat at a touristy place , but go and eat at a place for locals . 
  my brother and i then took her out of the touristy area and found the most local looking montenegrin place possible . 
  then my mother was somehow disappointed that neither my brother or i could really communicate with the staff and that the menu was not in english and that we had to order food by guess work and gestures , 
  i am not sure how you reached the tragedy conclusion . 
  i think that the uk should just make a unilateral decision here . 
  but may is not that kind of woman . 
   not only was england a net beneficiary of european budget , their financing industry was built on giving better tax condition than anyone on the mainland how does this kind of comment get upvoted ? 
   and what do you propose the uk should produce ? 
  you literally have no ressources , very little know-how ( as a whole ) and are famous for nothing much . . we should produce stuff like financial services , professional services , creative industries ... 
   `` shite journalism '' is illustrating to the uk audiences just how badly they messed up with brexit . 
  no , we 're still delighted to be leaving the eu . 
   some business within the eu will benefit from protection nobody benefits from protectionism . 
   london exchange what companies are listed there ? 
  companies from all over the globe . 
   there is nothing global in finance if you are a european borrower , you do not just look to european investors , but you look to global investors . 
  if you are restricted to european investors , your cost of capital is higher . 
  obviously , it is possible for any country to cut itself off from global capitalism , north korea has succeeded .
