  however , after ukip did well at the last local elections ( may 2013 ) the main westminster parties ( conservative , labour and libdems ) all changed their policies/rhetoric on the eu and the conservatives have now been forced to offer a referendum next election . 
  given the uk 's voting system , it is difficult for ukip to get into westminster . 
  the best way for ukip to influence westminster is via european elections . 
  agreed . 
  i do n't disagree with you . 
  but ukip meps do represent all the people in their constituency . 
  representing everyone in your constituency does not mean doing what everyone wants . 
  obviously , that would be impossible because different voters want different things . 
   they do n't do any work ? 
  do n't act on anything which could help uk . 
  meps should represent the wishes of the electorate . 
  ukip meps are doing what ukip voters want . 
   so are you one of the people who signed the daily mail petition to spend foreign aid money on flood relief instead ? 
  i just do n't feel flooded homes of us british is the same as say the hurricane in the philippines , especially when a fund already exists to pay for it . 
  no , i did n't sign any petition . 
  i 'm not a daily mail reader . 
  i think the uk should spend foreign aid money on foreign aid - provided that we can be completely sure that the foreign aid is needed and makes a difference ( e.g. 
  the case of the philippines ) . 
  we should not spend foreign aid on countries that are wealthy enough to have space programmes and so forth . 
  but the fact that the uk is wealthy enough to spend # 13 billion on overseas aid means that the uk is wealthy enough to spend much less on managing the floods in the uk . 
  look at all the other things the uk spends money on . 
  ecuador and the usa are not in a currency union . 
  ecuador is using the usd unilaterally , without formal consent of the usa . 
  of course , ruk can not stop iscotland using the gbp unilaterally . 
  but scotland is not proposing this . 
  scotland is proposing a formal currency union ( a bit like the eurozone states have ) . 
  and a likely condition of a formal currency union would be control over budgets . 
   taking money as a part of the protest as money will always be connected with personal gain . 
  they could at least use some of that wages and paid it for charity . 
  they 're not taking money as part of a protest . 
  they are taking money because , under the same rules as all other meps , they were elected to represent eu citizens . 
  in what way are ukip meps gaining personally in a way that other meps are not gaining personally ? 
   because it 's not moral ? 
  what is immoral about it ? 
  you might not like it , but its name is democracy . 
   do you avoid having your insurance pay for stuff when you can afford it ? 
  insurance makes sense to me as it is a mechnism to ensure that i will be able to pay for things that i might not otherwise be able to pay for . 
  the eu disaster fund does not make sense to me . 
  each country should be able to manage its own disasters . 
  obviously , there might sometimes be a disaster that requires the help of the international community ( though this has never really happened in the uk and fortunately because of geography and climate it is never likely to happen ) . 
  in case a massive disaster happens that an individual country ( in europe or elsewhere ) ca n't manage , then the international community should be ready to help and the uk should be ready to pay its share . 
   the problem was the flood of credit from the north and its sudden withdraw . 
  would you prefer to change the eu treaties to get rid of the free movement of capital ? 
   then they should go in full protest mode . 
  do nothing but refuse the money as they come from an undemocratic/illegitimate political construct . 
  ukip does not believe that the eu is an illigitimate political construct . 
  they would like the uk to leave the eu via a democratic and legal process . 
  given that they are elected as meps in democratic elections and their voters are happy for them to accept the money , i do n't see why they should n't . 
   i get that they are amassing protest votes , but should n't they be responsible and put forward reforms as to hold the promise they made to their voters ? 
  ukip 's policy is not to reform the eu . 
  ukip 's policy is to pull the uk out of the eu . 
  ukip voters are happy for ukip meps not to attend . 
   well , you must see how this would be difficult whilst you are an eu member . 
  agreed . 
  we 've been trying to get rid of the cap since we joined the eu , without success . 
   provided you would `` claw back '' this power you would still have to have your state aid scheme approved by the commission because otherwise british farmers may be advantaged over others from the rest of the eu . 
  this would suit me fine . 
  as mentioned , i do n't believe in subsidising farmers . 
  i do n't expect that any uk government would want to subsidise farmers by an amount that advantaged uk farmers compared to the eu . 
  ( farming is such a small part of our economy . ), 
   maybe not really . 
  solidarity is for the poor . 
  i agree . 
  i am not comfortable with the idea of poor taxpayers in relatively poorer eastern europe having to pay a fund towards uk ( when the uk can afford to manage floods itself ) . 
   do you , by any chance , have some numbers for the currency hedges of the uk vs. denmark ? 
  because i have no idea how much this stuff actually adds to a transaction and i 'd really like to know . 
  i 'm a bit out of my comfort zone here , but i suspect that these numbers wo n't always be publicly available ? 
  in practice corporates big enough to need currency hedges might typically need other hedges too ( e.g. 
  interest rate hedges or commodity hedges ) and perhaps they get combined hedges as part of a package deal ? 
  also , perhaps many danish corporates that do have supply chains in europe take a commercial decision not to bother hedging at all ( and just to take the risk themselves ) ? 
  i would be surprised if danish corporates had much difficulty in getting into supply chains with reu . 
  another benefit that denmark had is that during the heights of the eurozone sovereign debt crisis , bond investors piled into danish sovereign debt as a hedge against risk of eurozone breakup . 
  the consequence of this was that denmark 's borrowing costs fell significantly below those of germany ( something that would not have happened had denmark been in the eurozone ) . 
   do n't you understand this is n't about subsidiarity but the government making you pay twice for the same thing ? 
  hell , why do n't the british farmers give up on the cap subsidies for the sake of subsidiarity ? 
  obviously , it would make sense for the uk not to participate in the cap and then decide within the uk whether or not to subsidise farmers ( my personal preference would be not to subsidise them , as subsidies are very harmful to agriculture in africa ) . 
  what each individual british farmer does is up to that farmer . 
   can you explain what you mean ? 
  to me , the most important benefit is removing exchange rate risk from private players to allow permanent cross-border supply chains/other kinds of permanent deals to make the most of comparative advantages . 
  if all there needs to be is a decision by the danish central bank 's governor to remove the peg , the risk is n't quite as reduced as with a full entry and these deals ca n't really be done ( unless they buy insurance , which probably destroys much of the economic benefit ) . 
  i 'm a lawyer rather than a banker specialising in hedging currency risk . 
  however , my understanding from banker friends is that the financial markets are happy to provide currency hedges ( or in your words , ` insurance ' ) extremely cheaply to danish corporates who do business with reu ( as well as reu corporates that do business with denmark ) . 
  i expect that it because the markets peceive the risk of the eur/dnk link breaking to be a very small one . 
  so the costs to private players are tiny . 
  the costs for gbp/eur currency hedges are more expensive . 
  another benefit for denmark from having a currency link is that the value of the dnk is arguably lower than it would be if it floated freely and this helps them export bacon and lego and luxury goods ( and whatever else their economy is made of ... ) i 'd have to check the relevant legal documents , but i also would expect that by not being in the euro formally , they are able , should they wish , not to participate in the bail-outs of ireland , portugal , greece , cyprus ( though they may have decided to participate anyway ) . 
  another benefit is that they can ( if circumstances dramatically change ) break the link relatively painlessly . 
  i think the main downside is that they do n't have participation in the ecb . 
  but perhaps they just take the view that their positions are adequately backed by germany and the netherlands . 
  however , i do n't pretend to be an economist so i am sure i have misunderstood or missed some things !, 
   i mean what is it for you ? 
  buisness as usual ? 
  irrelevant ? 
  it 's a flood in a wealthy western european country in which the response by the authorities has been somewhat slow . 
  nobody is hungry . 
  nobody ca n't access doctors . 
  most people can go about their daily business . 
  people are acting like its the battle of the somme . 
  despite the media frenzy , people will have forgotten about this in a month 's time . 
  i think a disaster is a better word for something that causes much more significant amounts of real misery , like the tsunami in japan or the hurricane in the philippines etc.
