  what thing am i presenting as a fact that is n't a fact ? 
  lol - how is your shilling going ?!, 
  i kid , i kid !, 
  i think you get called a shill for your ttip views ? 
  if anyone does want to pay me , please put them in touch !, 
  people wanted to leave the eu and trusted our government to put a plan together to leave the eu . 
  that seems sensible to me . 
  i have a sister with down 's syndrome . 
  it saddens me that people would want to take away her right to vote . 
  it also has a very frightening tone to it . 
  so / you think uk should keep tariffs on african agricultural products ? 
  why ? 
  it really is not nonsense to want to reduce our tariffs on africa . 
  it would help their development . 
  i work in a business in which i am importing and exporting all the time , with people located all over the world . 
  staying in the uk does not actually suck that much !, 
  i suspect that free trade with africa will be a priority for the british government and uk reducing tariffs will happen soon . 
  thanks - that 's interesting . 
  i am not worried about companies trying to sue governments . 
  the key is draft the fta appropriately . 
  please stop going on about empire . 
  it really is close to the level of going on about hitler . 
  it simply does not make for a sensible discussion . 
  leavers have never had the power to trigger article 50 . 
  no - i am delighted that the uk is leaving the eu . 
  i am a bit surprised you do n't think that the uk can be a successful country outside the eu . 
  if other countries can , why not the uk ? 
  with reduced tariffs , people will have their current choices and some extra ones . 
  as for african farmers , i personally think it is more important to trade with them than to keep uk farmers in business . 
  if you do n't have evidence for something , i would question it . 
  any deal with the usa will have to be passed by parliament , which will end up limiting what downing st can agree . 
  as for that quote , it is not a very strong source . 
  the boe has put in place a quantitative easing programme and cut interest rates . 
  this is not the same as `` spending money '' . 
  out of interest , where did that first link get printed ? 
  who paid for the image ? 
  i have n't seen it . 
  i was and am critical of the second image . 
  as for whether this will be a free trade brexit or not , i suspect it will , provided the tories stay in power . 
  i actually do n't understand the premise of your question . 
  amount of money spent by whom ? 
  the whole premise of the discussion , with the editorialised title , which is , by the way , against the rules , is designed to be a circle jerk . 
  i am right to point that out . 
  i really am not obfuscating the truth . 
  who is predicting a recession ? 
  i note that imf and boe are n't . 
  most of the world does not think of ftas as zero sum games . 
  fta 's benefit both sides . 
  the eu negotiates ftas slowly partly because there is disagreement among countries . 
  some countries negotiate them quickly if they have free trade cultures , eg australia . 
  we 're not facing decades of poverty . 
  all predictions are for our economy to continue to grow . 
  nobody is predicting a recession any more . 
  cameron lied about triggering article 50 immediately . 
  thanks for pointing out another lie by the remain side . 
  however , hmt 's prediction was that under any scenario a vote to leave would cause a recession . 
  as we know , after we voted to leave the uk continued to grow strongly and was the fastest growing economy in the g7 in the year we voted to leave the eu . 
  yes , but the predictions of a recession were based on a vote to leave . 
  did you look at the link ? 
  the economy has been growing strongly since we voted to leave . 
  business confidence and consumer confidence are high . 
  unemployment is even lower . 
  i have reported your post . 
  please stop using aggressive language . 
  it is against the rules . 
  this would effectively disenfranchise people with learning difficulties and mental handicaps . 
  surely you do n't want this ? 
  obviously , we do n't import much currently because we are forced to put tariffs on them , which makes their products uncompetitive in our markets . 
  yes , it was . 
  [ hmt 's prediction specifically related to the vote to leave and the two years that followed that . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/524967/hm_treasury_analysis_the_immediate_economic_impact_of_leaving_the_eu_web.pdf ), 
  this is not a circle jerk . 
  this is a place where people can encounter different views . 
  wanting free trade and to reduce subsidies and tariffs really is not a good reason to downvote . 
  hmt 's prediction was made on the basis of the vote to leave , not the leaving itself . 
  hmt 's prediction of a recession was based on the vote , not the actual leaving . 
  imports on agricultural products from africa for example . 
  i am in favour of getting rid of all import tariffs personally . 
  i am responding to people that address me . 
  i am not talking over people . 
  they get to make their point , but if they do n't want me to respond to them , why would they even address me ? 
  hmt said a recession would happen after we voted to leave . 
  that prediction did not relate only to when we actually left . 
  we will now be able to put in place legislation that we could not do when we were in the eu . 
  for example , we can reduce tariffs . 
  any evidence of usa stopping any other country label products ? 
  the uk is a liberal democracy with a free press , the rule of law , free elections and so forth . 
  it is n't heading towards fascism . 
  uk is not threatening to cut off relations . 
  uk and usa together pay the most money for euopean security . 
  eu people should be grateful for what the uk and usa do for your safety with nato . 
  you can disagree with people , but you can not call people delusional on here . 
  that really is not acceptable . 
  the uk government has actually promised to maintain regional spending for the current eu budgetary cycle . 
  remain did play fast and loose with the truth . 
  they said that voting leave would cause a recession . 
  it did n't . 
  those countries that we currently have ftas with via the eu want to keep free trade with the uk . 
  it will not be hard to grandfather them , because they are already commercially in place . 
  there are already countries that want ftas with the uk .
