  shadow-banks are all the rage in the uk too . 
  this development was always going to happen . 
  traditional banks are now so regulated and ( in europe at least ) are so undercapitalized that they ca n't lend to businesses that desperately need funds . 
  so shadow-banks ( and other forms of capital raising , such as the capital markets ) have started to do what banks used to do . 
  dude - it 's not an opinion piece . 
  it 's just reporting what the mayor of rome said . 
  i expect this has been reported across europe . 
  given recent change of government in italy , i 'd say it is newsworthy . 
  the british press also reports on us debt ceiling change he 's too . 
  scottish people i know do not want the euro under any circumstances . 
  i think they want the pound , but their next best option would be a scottish pound linked to the uk pound . 
  but perhaps a scot will confirm . 
  [ this kind of thing ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/comment/columnists/macer-hall/387824/eurocrat-rants-at-cameron-you-will-break-up-the-eu ) is really not going to win him any votes from brits . 
  it 's not a debate about semantics . 
  i 'm just curious to find out what in that interview made you think daniel hannan wants the uk to copy the usa healthcare model . 
  i do n't see how , having watched that interview , such a conclusion is possible . 
  given that you seem so certain of your view , i would expect you to be able to find the quote you are relying on rather easily . 
  no - this video is specifically not evidence for him saying that the uk should adopt the us healthcare system . 
  at no point did he say this or infer it . 
  which bit of the interview are you relying on for this argument ? 
  also , most european systems do not fund their healthcare in the same way as the uk does . 
  nobody is copying the nhs . 
  a lot of western europe has better healthcare than the uk does . 
  i watched that link . 
  in it , hannan argues that the us should not copy the nhs . 
  he is critical of the nhs , but is certainly not arguing that the uk should copy the us healthcare model . 
  just to confirm , i 'm not saying that proeu tories are good candidates , just that they might be the best for you , given your views . 
  i will be voting ukip . 
  i thought hannan wanted the uk to adopt a singaporean model for healthcare , and not a usanian one ? 
  this is the correct decision by labour . 
  schulz 's rhetoric is consistently anti-uk . 
  labour know that they need to disassociate themselves from schulz . 
  otherwise they lose votes . 
  maybe this will mean that schulz will not be able to get enough support in the european parliament if labour meps do n't vote for him . 
  if you 're pro-eu , but anti-federalist , the most logical option is voting for the conservatives . 
  they are also pro-eu but anti-federalist , just like their european parliamentary grouping . 
  there is a risk that if you vote for labour , schulz might try and use that vote as a vote for him . 
  hopefully labour 's position is sufficiently clear so that schulz ca n't do that . 
  scotland is n't showing willingness to join the euro though . 
  opposition to the euro is as strong in scotland as it is in england . 
  scotland wants to get a formal opt-out of the euro ( like uk and denmark have ) . 
  it 's just a genuine question . 
  personally i would n't chose to move to a country where i thought my freedoms were significantly limited . 
  also , when i lived abroad ( italy ) i decided to avoid criticising italy because i knew that this could be perceived as offensive to italians . 
  given that italy was kind enough to host me , i thought it would be a bit rude to focus on negative things about italy without mentioning the positives . 
  if i just mentioned the negative things about italy , i think italians would have found it a bit strange that i had chosen to live there . 
  brits just view london as our capital city . 
  when i was living in italy , immediately when i told people i was from london , they would say `` ma sei di londra londra ? '', 
  and then in their heads start planning a visit . 
  a very sensible decision by labour . 
  almost nobody who votes labour agrees with schulz 's agenda so it is good that labour are being honest about this . 
  also , if labour do n't say this , they know there is a risk that they will lose votes to ukip . 
  this decision effectively means that the gap between whoever becomes the next commission president and uk voters just got larger . 
  i agree that you can live in a nation and criticise it . 
  however , / u/skypl specifically criticises the way freedoms are limited in the uk . 
  if this was a concern to him , why would n't he chose to live in a place where his freedoms are n't limited ? 
  i 'm just trying to understand that choice . 
  actually i think it is quite a variety . 
  in addition to there always being many many jobs in low paid service sector ( hotels , restaurants , bars etc ) there are also jobs in it , marketing and business development , finance , fashion etc etc etc. 
  actually , italians in the uk are very entrepreneurial , lots seem to start their own businesses . 
  there was a discussion in the news just today about why italians move to london . 
  even italians with jobs in italy sometimes want to move to london because of other perceived professional and social benefits and potential . 
  for some reason italians love london . 
  a lot move to london . 
  the number of italians who moved to the uk in the last year increased by 66 percent on previous years . 
  it is easy for italians to find work in the uk right now . 
  yes , but only in circumstances where this is required by economic necessity . 
  given the very high unemployment figures in europe , there is no reason why brussels eurocrats should be so overpaid . 
  the thing is though , the eu does n't need to attract the finest minds . 
  regular civil servants would do fine , just like everywhere else . 
  yes , but the uk also receives less from the eu . 
  what is important is not absolute contributions , but less contributions . 
  also , you seem to live in the uk , but not like the uk ? 
  why did you decide to live in the uk if you do n't like it ? 
  well - therefore it makes sense just to pay less and have far fewer british people working there . 
  if the british people with the right skills do n't want to work there , but would rather do other jobs instead , whereas people from the rest of the eu are happy to work there for less money , it is silly to pay a scale aimed at trying to attract brits . 
  these jobs are civil service jobs . 
  what is important is skills , not nationality . 
  the pay for these jobs is frankly disgustingly high at a time when national budgets are so subject to austerity . 
  also british language education is fine for the language needs of most british people . 
  britain 's education system is not geared to educating eurocrats . 
  but educating everyone else . 
  the eu is not going to stop trading with the uk . 
  when the uk stayed out of the euro , everyone said it would be a disaster for the uk and cause massive unemployment . 
  and what happened ? 
  disaster in europe and uk stays relatively healthy . 
  i 'm not really sure if a `` british perspective '' is anything different from a german perspective or a french perspective when it comes to the civil service and what needs to be done at brussels . 
  anyway - if this british perspective is an asset that is harder to come by than the french perspective , surely it makes sense to pay more just for that rare asset ? 
  no , deeper means `` more integration '' . 
  in what respect is that less democratic ? 
  i do n't follow . 
  do n't be so sure . 
  i think there is quite a chance we will leave . 
  anyway , in britain we do n't think of ourselves as isolated , even when we have no friends in europe . 
  there 's always the rest of the word . 
  it is like that famous weather forecast : `` fog in the channel , continent cut off '' . 
  agreed . 
  this is exactly my point . 
  but why would it make sense to pay someone a lot more to do a job in brussels for the eu then a job in paris , for france ? 
  the jobs do n't need to be done by brits though .
