   schengen and the euro are the only good things , imo that have come out of it schengen and the euro have both contributed to massive problems in recent years . 
  the uk ( once we have brexited and do n't have to think about the walloons ) and canada being able to sign a trade deal is not something i am worried about . 
  the netherlands is going to have to rethink its approach towards to the eu now . 
  gone are the days of triangulating between the uk , the french and the germans . 
  what will be the new plan ? 
   they will soon also have to negotiate a trade deal with the eu after they exit eu . 
  and , also , we are going to negotiate a trade deal with canada . 
  which one will be easier ? 
   prior to engaging into negotiations for international deals , check whether or not there will be later opposition to the deals within member states . 
  the trouble with this is that the deals take years . 
  the people who are around in parliaments at the end of the deal are completely different from the people who were there at the start ... 
   '' * it 's become evident for me , for canada , that the european union is n't capable now to have an international treaty even with a country that has very european values like canada . 
  and even with a country so nice , with a lot of patience like canada . 
  * '' ok , if a country like canada with european values , that is so nice and has a lot of patience ca n't sign a trade deal with the eu , then the uk ( which does not have european values , is not at all nice and has no patience ) is definitely not going to sign something . 
  apologies , i realise that i did not respond to this post even though i intended to . 
   i do n't think that anyone will see this as realistic and i doubt that your politicians will manage to threaten this in a believable way . 
  the uk and the reu will almost certainly sign an exit agreement ( in which we work out how much money the uk receives for its share of the eu assets and how much money the uk needs to pay for its remaining membership fees and so forth ) . 
  that bit is relatively easy . 
  it is not so clear whether or not the uk and the reu will sign a new agreement to agree how trade will take place between them going forwards . 
  this is because : - firstly [ because there is already so much bad blood . ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/10/15/europe-turns-its-back-on-friendly-brexit-leaders-plan-to-exploit/ ) . 
  the negotiator for the eu commission is saying that the negotiations should be in french language and nobody here ( apart from me ) speaks french . 
  last night it seems that theresa may got the silent treatment . 
  i expect that the relationship between the reu and the uk is going to get worse over the next couple of years ( unless russia does the unthinkable ) ; - secondly it is inherently a total nightmare doing comprehensive deals with the eu already , as canada is finding . 
  if everyone and their mother has a veto , the brits will get vetoed unless the deal is totally in the reu 's favour - if the deal is perceived to be very unbalanced in the uk , i suspect that the uk parliament could just refuse to ratify it . 
  given this , it just does not make sense for the uk not to be prepared to walk away with no significant deal . 
  it would be irresponsible for our government to do this . 
   do you really think that unilaterally opening the markets is a realistic possibility ? 
  i think this is a possibility because free trade and open markets is a sacred belief in some political/economic circles in the uk . 
  - from adam smith onwards , a lot of the tory party are obsessed about free trade . 
  [ the repeal of the corn laws ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corn_laws#repeal ) had a massive impact on the tories in the 1840s - the people that won that battle then were the unilateral free traders . 
  the eusceptics are just their latest incarnation . 
  - there are a number of influential free market think tanks in the uk who advocate unilateral free trade - there are a number of journalists that argue unilateral free trade and i am seeing their articles more and more - if the uk does not go for unilateral free trade , uk consumers will suffer . 
  in a battle between uk consumers and uk producers , i think that the current government might side with the consumers - even in relatively technical fields , unilateral free trade makes sense . 
  in my own area , financial services , there are a lot of discussions about passporting going on . 
  even if , for example , the reu decides to make it difficult for uk financial services firms to trade with the reu , this is not a reason for the uk to do the same . 
  the city of london thrives on openness . 
  if we start making it difficult for people to do business with us , it would be a colossal error . 
   no , it really was n't . 
  pitty that , given that the actual reasons were shit and this one is n't . 
  actually this has been one of the things that the uk has found frustrating for years and was a significant contribution to the growth of euscepticism within the tories in the uk . 
  the tories are the people that brought you brexit . 
   anyway , this creates an unsettling precedent . 
  if every little ( in the grand scheme of things ) country/region can veto such deals , it will be hard to imagine that we can do similar deals in the future . 
  hear that uk ? 
  we hear this loud and clear . 
  the message is that it is a total nightmare trying to do a comprehensive trade deal with the eu . 
  in a sense this means that the uk will put way less effort into trade deals with the eu ( given that it is likely that the eu will not be able to sign it ) and way more effort into doing trade deals with countries like canada ( that do seem to want to sign deals ) . 
  ireland calls itself the island of saints and scholars i do n't think there really is an equivalent in the uk ... 
  i was worried for a moment that the name was boaty mcboatface or similar ... 
   huh . 
  i thought the whole strange war / bombing thing enough as an experience . 
  it was an experience , but the experience of surviving the battle of britain and not being invaded was a totally different experience from the one that e.g. 
  netherlands , france , poland had . 
  essentially for us hitler was someone who did evil to other people . 
  our own institutions , in our eyes , were able to survive his attempts to destroy us and ultimately helped with his destruction . 
  because of this we do n't really have a direct fear of the far right . 
   brexit weakens the anti-federalist camp quite a bit :( i hear netherlands have similar thoughts , but i do n't have much first hand experience about them . 
  netherlands and uk were strongly aligned on several eu positions , so i guess they will miss us too . 
   i think it 's more about not experiencing the consequences directly . 
  the west suffered from hitler . 
  the east experienced both . 
  other parts of the world did n't experience neither . 
  we are all , as you say , shaped by our experience , both as individuals and as cultures . 
  countries like germany , netherlands , belgium , poland etc experienced hitler in a very direct way . 
  countries within ussr , warsaw pact experienced communism in a very direct way . 
  the uk did not really experience either in a direct way , but observed both and was involved in a struggle against both . 
  the fact that we did not experience either directly is one of the key reasons why our vision of the eu was different from that of the rest of europe ( and why we ended up leaving ) . 
  that is really interesting . 
  in the uk we have traditionally not had much political extremism and far right and far left political movements have been very unsuccessful for many years ( compared to some other countries ) . 
  it is hard to understand the exact reasons for this , but i think it is a combination of political culture and electoral system . 
  but there is a difference in the way that the general public perceive political extremes . 
  almost nobody would ever declare themselves to support hitler , whereas some people do openly say that they would support stalin . 
  i suppose that hitler 's ideology is inherently evil , whereas stalin 's ideology just has evil consequences ( if we want to try and draw a distinction ) . 
  weird , but also somehow normal in left-wing academic circles in the uk . 
  the good news , i suppose , is that this is absolutely not how most people in the uk think . 
  the bad news is that the current leader of her majesty 's loyal opposition , jeremy corbyn , does seem to embrace this kind of extreme politics . 
   nowadays too often cold war is seen as a misunderstanding for which both sides share blame . 
  agreed . 
  in fact , there is a view among some in the west that the west in general ( and the usa in particular ) are responsible for the cold war . 
  part of the left-wing intelligentsia in the uk still make arguments that the uk was wrong to encourage self-determination and independence in the baltics and welcome them into nato . 
  i encountered this argument just a month ago . 
  to me it seems that this argument uses a kind of perverse and twisted logic , e.g : - the right wing in the uk generally ( and thatcher in particular ) supports self-determination for the baltics - the left wing in the uk opposes thatcher - therefore the left wing should oppose self-determination for the baltics it baffles me that people can think like this , but it seems that they do . 
   and yet somehow switzerland manages just dandy . 
  switzerland manages dandy partly because switzerland ensures that the peoples and the cantons have huge ability to influence legislation and stop things that they do n't like . 
  the eu would do well to follow this idea . 
  in my experience italians are divided over the question of whether brexit is masculine or feminine and i have heard both . 
  i seem to recall that one italian tv station which had a live results coverage programme they actually debated this question with the conclusion that it was feminine ( given that `` uscita '' is feminine ... ), 
  i thought we were talking about registered voters ( to participate in the referendum ) . 
  in terms of registered voters , that is done by local authority . 
  there are not that many people in the uk who would be eligible to vote but are not registered . 
  luxembourg has the following advantages compared to frankfurt and paris : - very good stock exchange - very favourable tax system - relatively finance focused regulatory system and government ( e.g. 
  they have been clear from the start that they do not support the eu 's financial transactions tax ) - very good knowledge of english on the minus side : - they seem to go our for lunch for about two hours every day - their country is as boring as fuck compared to paris, 
  not the numbers of people who registered as volunteers or supporters for vote leave . 
  the uk government does not have these numbers . 
   but , that was foreseeable i agree with you . 
  but it is weird that the uk government did not see this . 
  at the very least , they could have tested the message with focus groups to get data ... 
  vote leave are not the uk government . 
  vote leave was a pressure group . 
  some of the data is public and some of it is n't .
