  epp do n't want this so would rather keep fidesz in the tent , pissing out , rather outside the tent , pissing in . 
   i really wonder why fidesz has n't joined ecr in the ep . 
  they seem closer to them ideologically . 
  the ecr do not want fidesz to join them and do not consider fidesz to be a good fit with ecr values . 
  ecr have been clear about this . 
  and epp are never ( in my view ) going to expel them . 
  other than when you happen to be talking about butter , bread and green cheese i do n't think we can really understand each other ... `` b\u00fbter , brea , en griene tsiis is goed ingelsk en goed frysk . '', 
   almost 70 % of russians have negative opinion of eu i still think brits manage to beat them though on this metric ... 
   we actually keep a lot of the eu 's rules . 
  uk position is ( in general terms ) to obey the rules that we agree to , but to seek opt-outs from as many of the other rules as possible . 
  the uk and the us are both growing strongly with low unemployment right now . 
  stuffing the banks with money seemed to work . 
  support for a referendum is not quite the same as support for independence ... 
  there 's been a trend towards eusceptic positions becoming accepted / more prevalent on here . 
  this mirrors ( to an extent ) wider public discourse all over europe . 
  britain is a very moderate , tolerant ale-drinking place and hopefully you are enjoying your stay and discovering the good things about us !, 
  leaving the echr will not make us a less desirable place !, 
  when you come to london i will buy you a beer to prove that us british eusceptics are good sorts !, 
  the hundreds of thousands of people who move from the rest of the eu to work in britain every year disagree with you . 
  as you know , the uk has a tradition of human rights that goes back long before the european convention on human rights . 
  so when we leave the convention we will still have a great human rights system ... :-), 
  if fn are this close , then i think the game is over anyway . 
  in the long term germany is going to stop wanting to be held hostage by france . 
  the german right is already starting to get pressurised by afd ... 
  there 's a return . 
  watch the uk - we will be gone within a decade . 
  we 're not in the euro and there is basically no point us being in a superstate . 
  we 'll still love the netherlands though :-), 
   the problem is that let 's say 51 % vote for independence and a few months later 2 % change their mind ( very likely as independence often brings years of economical hardships ) and want to go back to the uk again , what then ? 
  go back to the uk just like that ? 
  i think that when people vote for indepedence ( or not ) they are already taking into consideration the risk of economic hardship . 
  the discussion about potential economic hardship was a large part of the debate . 
  ultimately the minority should not bind the majority in this kind of question . 
   anyone else out there also thinking that something important like independence should require a 2/3rds majority ? 
  i disagree - i think an absolute majority in terms of those polled is sufficient ( like the case with scotland ) . 
   want to be completely sovereign ? 
  do n't join the eu !, 
  or , leave the eu ... 
  many thanks . 
  as i expected , there was no specific mention of germany , which makes the headline in this article misleading . 
  this also means that we wo n't get any response from germany . 
  however , i find it a bit surprising that he is specifically stating that the eu treaties do not need to be respected . 
  anyone able to find a link to the exact text of the interview / precise words he used ? 
  did he specifically criticise germany ? 
  i think there is a chance that this article is somewhat misleading . 
  added to that , renzi is not a great english-speaker , so i do n't think he will have expressed himself in quite the way he wanted . 
  however , by specifically saying that he is happy for france to break the deficit rules , this is quite brave / foolish ( depending on your view ) . 
  i do n't expect brussels to be happy about this . 
   interesting . 
  last time i saw the gare du nord it was like a shopping mall with various bars and hairdressers . 
  i ate a 8/10 three-course meal outside in a small bistro for around $ 8 . 
  i was afraid that the public will be a lot like an algerian slum , i had this kind of prejudice , but actually the vast majority of the people had a middle-class vibe and everybody could behave . 
  my only gripe was the usual strike and that the place is like crazy huge , i had no idea where i am going . 
  gare du nord could be sign-posted a bit better - some bits underground are a bit confusing . 
  i think it could use some modernising , but there is nothing majorly wrong with it . 
  if you 're using the eurostar , the queues at the french side are longer than the queues at the british side . 
  however , i like the way from gare du nord i can walk easily to where i am generally going in paris , whereas from st pancras i am forced onto the tube ...  in london i do n't know st.pancras , i know euston , it 's ok but unremarkable . 
  aside that there was n't a lot of different , same mixture of people . 
  euston is pretty tired looking and needs some serious modernising work . 
  it is probably the least pleasant of london 's big stations . 
  st pancras looks and feels a tonne better . 
  it would be massively convenient for us if you were the ones who wielded the knife ... 
  the butthurt would be extraordinary . 
   that 's a terrifying statement . 
  above all else , it assumes all existing human rights have existed since the beginning of time , rather than the all too slow development of human rights that has taken us millennia . 
  should we assume he would 've held this exact view when human rights were being discussed in previous centuries ? 
  i do n't think you 've quite understood what is being argued here . 
  the argument is that the job of extending human rights into new areas is one for the legislative branch of government rather than the judicial branch of government . 
  the majority of europeans did n't vote at all . 
  if france leaves the eurozone , the eu is basically dead . 
  this would save the uk from having to brexit - there would be nothing to brexit from ... 
  i agree though - what is the point of being a sovereign nation if you ca n't control your own budgets ? 
   that does n't mean the project failed ... 
  it kind of depends what metrics you use to test success . 
  [ if you look at the ec 's website ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/why/index_en.htm ) , it seems that they thought that the euro would bring things like '' * and for the whole european economy to perform better , bringing more jobs and greater prosperity for europeans * . 
  where is this '' * more employment and better quality jobs * '' ? 
  by its own metrics , it does seem like the euro project is currently failing . 
   or it can never work of course , perhaps it can . 
  my point is that for it to succeed , massive changes are needed and currently we are moving painfully slowly in the direction of change towards them . 
  the question of whether rich eurozone will accept massive fiscal transfers is no closer to being answered . 
   with the recent economic crisis , we were bound to have , on average , low growth ( even recessions ) and high unemployment rate . 
  the difficulty here is that there was a global economic crisis , but now everywhere in the globe has returned to strong economic growth apart from the eurozone . 
  the uk also had a recession and high unempoyment , but in the last couple of years the uk has created more jobs than the rest of the eu put together . 
   in fact , the eu is an effective way to dissuade people to vote for radical extremists , because they tend to be against something which tends to be supportedy by the average joe . 
  this is going to be an incredibly interesting thing to watch and i am not so sure i agree with you . 
  the longer the crisis continues ( and it does appear to be continuing ) the better that `` unorthodox '' political parties seem to be doing all over the eu : afd in germany , fn in france , m5s in italy , podemos in spain , golden dawn and syriza in greece , fpo in austria etc. 
  it is hard to predict how these unorthodox political parties will develop going forwards . 
  currently it does not seem that the eu has succeeded in dissuading people from voting for them . 
   i agree , but it also does n't automatically mean it wo n't work , and everything should be scrapped . 
  my argument is n't that it should be scrapped . 
  it is that it should be done properly or not at all . 
  this via media is what is not ideal . 
   the eu institution is already a wonder all by itself . 
  the euro , in comparison , is a minor issue . 
  personally i think that the euro is a somewhat major issue as it it intimately connected with the entire project of european integration . 
  while other bits of the european project have been successful , i agree , the single currency ( and its success or failure ) has become fundamental to the project . 
  which is why we 're currently in historically interesting times . 
   the eu only exists for a fraction of the time that the us has existed , and is still in the process of adopting and implementing the necessary reforms to integrate all states . 
  there is still a question mark over whether this process will succeed and even if it does succeed , how long it will take and at what cost . 
  will eurozonians really want this ?
