  they have a bit , but note that at the time of the 2014 referendum , uk 's eu membership was already uncertain , because the tories had already committed to an eu referendum . 
  also , note that many snp voters voted leave in the eu referendum . 
  also , note that the prospect of independence for scotland within the eu when the uk is outside the eu is a less attractive one for scotland compared to being independent within the eu with the uk also inside the eu . 
  also , we do n't hate you either . 
  it is n't your fault that the only famous belgian is hercule poirot  . 
  and that we invented you to annoy the french , 
  the british agree with murdoch 's eu policy . 
   david cameron announced in 2013 he 'd do that if he got a majority government , most people expected no such thing to happen many conservatives expected a majority on the basis of their own private polling and how well their campaign was going . 
  in any case , the conservatives expected to be able to get a referendum bill through parliament . 
  even without a majority they would have been able to rely on the dup and some labour backbenchers . 
  the serious campaign for the leave side to win the referendum ( business for britain , was set up immediately after cameron 's bloomberg speech , in anticipation of the referendum ) . 
   instead of launching a slow burn campaign he decided that the campaign should only be a few months long the general election took place in may 2015 and the referendum took place in june 2016 . 
   the comparison you 're making is like if i went back to 2008 and found a quote from salmond about how if they got a majority pro-independence in parliament that they 'd hold a referendum to say they 'd been planning it for over half a decade . 
  if you can find a specific commitment ( remember that cameron 's commitment was specific , mentioning a deadline ) then you would be correct . 
  also , the tories began the legislation for the referendum in the last parliament . 
  the referendum was not some kind of surprise , we knew it was going to happen ,, 
   the david cameron idea of announcing , campaigning and holding it in the space of a handful of months david cameron announced in january 2013 that there would be an in out referendum on eu membership . 
  it took place in june 2016 ( about three and a half years later ) . 
  there was a lengthy build up . 
  italy has pooled debt and massive fiscal transfers . 
  the eurozone does n't . 
  the economic crisis in italy is party caused by the euro , but you are right , it is the fault of italian politicians for putting you into a currency union with countries that have very different economies from yours . 
  blame them not the euro . 
  what party have they formed ? 
  it was n't the far right in the uk that took us out of the eu . 
  it was the british people . 
  we do n't have a far right . 
  i would like to wish the good denizens of / r/europe a very happy new year and all the very best for 2017 . 
  thanks very much to the moderation team for their hard work and dedication over the previous 12 months , personally i think that the standard of moderation is currently very high here . 
  i would like to thank many of the / r/europe users for their interesting , witty and insightful comments and discussions over the previous 12 months . 
  this remains the best place on the internet to discuss european politics , economics and social developments and it is a pleasure and a privilege to be part of this community . 
  despite the large user base , there are still very many extremely high quality redditors and there are still a wide range of different views expressed , in mostly polite fashion . 
  the socratic method , free speech , tolerance , humour and other values underpinning our liberal democracies are alive and well here . 
  for many of you i know that this year has been a difficult year because of brexit . 
  ;-) as this sub 's most prolific long-term brexiteer , i am sure you will all be pleased to know that while the uk maybe leaving the european union , i still have no plans at the moment to leave / r/europe !, 
  the democratic process and the discussion of ideas is rightly an infinite process and brexiting does not mean opting out of the enlightenment !, 
  let 's look forward to an exciting 2017 !, 
  based on geography . 
  did you read the article ? 
  your comment makes it seem as if you did n't . 
  no , leave would still have won and by even more . 
  ethnic minority voters would have been even more appalled by the eu . 
   that 's a sound position if the game is played by the same rules by all countries . 
  i am an absolutist when it comes to free trade . 
  obviously , i would prefer it if all countries and trade blocs adopted the same positions . 
  but , even if , for example , once the uk leaves the eu the eu were to put barriers on uk exports , i still think the uk should unilaterally adopt free trade towards the eu . 
   if the uk would open its market to that steel , they 'd unfairly clobber your local plants out of the market . 
  in general terms i do n't care about trying to support uk producers . 
  if china wants to subsidise something and that puts uk business at risk , then let the free market decide in the uk which businesses go to the wall . 
  steel is a slightly different case because it is one of the few really strategic interests ( i.e. 
  matters in case of a war ) . 
  so the uk taxpayer should subsidise uk steel if necessary or we should put tariffs on chinese imports of steel ( like the us does ) . 
   always nice discussing with you . 
  cheers for the holidays . 
  likewise and all the very best for a healthy and happy 2017 !, 
   if i would ask what your preferred end-game for the european continent ultimately i do n't much mind what the rest of the european continent does , but would prefer it to be liberal , global , open to free trade and democratic . 
  just because i do n't want the uk to be in the eu does not mean that i do n't want belgium to be in the eu . 
  the reasons that the eu is not a good fit for the uk do not necessarily apply to belgium or other countries . 
  indeed , in the long run it is probably in the uk 's interests for the eu to exist ( in the same way that it is probably in the us 's interests for the eu to exist ) . 
   but since you believe there is no such demos , you -- unfortunately -- see no other way except a return to 19th century european politics of separate nations with bilateral trade agreements . 
  i do n't think it makes sense for us to be talking about 19th century any more . 
  what i would say is that the world is going to be increasingly global . 
  it increasingly makes no sense for the uk to focus on europe more than other parts of the world . 
  in terms of the exact nature of trade agreements , i do n't much mind whether they are bilateral or multilateral ; i simply have a strong preference for all tariffs to be removed and for openness to global free trade . 
   but a mistake for the country in the eyes of many observers but not a mistake in the eyes of the british people . 
   but i would n't make cameron 's mistake and hold a referendum on the matter . 
  i do n't think it was a mistake for cameron to hold a referendum . 
  this helped the conservatives win the general election in 2015 and ever since the wonderful result of the referendum the conservatives have been more and more popular . 
  i joined the conservative party the day after the referendum and know many others that joined it around that time too . 
   but i vaguely remember ft showing an 8-10 lead for leave for a long time different polls showed different leads . 
  it is true that there were a few polls that showed significant leave leads about ten days before the referendum , but they did not show them for a long period of time . 
  the final polls , when compared to the result , indicate that there is some underlying problem with polling in the uk ( perhaps sampling or perhaps some other methodological problem ) . 
   there is clearly no lack of evidence here , data is data . 
  polling data needs to be considered carefully in the uk because we know that it has recently been inaccurate . 
   what the pollsters did n't anticipate is her weakness in relevant rust-belt states , it is not so much that this was not anticipated , it is more that the pollsters did specific rust belt polls and those polls proved to be inaccurate . 
  we have reason to believe that the sampling is wrong or there is some other underlying methodological fault in the uk polling industry . 
   in the past , you have said several times you 're in favor of membership to the eea . 
  it has always been my position that i would prefer eea membership to full eu membership , but would prefer neither given the choice . 
  that remains my position . 
   he wants the uk to make their own regulations and he thinks it 's going to be an advantage , this used to be his main argument actually . 
  as laughable as this idea seems actually , i do n't just want the uk to make its own regulations because i think the quality of regulations would improve in the uk , but also because it would be more democratic . 
  i also think it would be good for everyone ( eu too ) because policy makers would be able to compare the consequences of different regulations . 
  technically the uk could leave the eu and stay in the customs union . 
  i do n't think we should tho . 
  the ability to reduce tariffs is one of the main advantages of leaving the eu . 
   one of the main points of brexit was to have the ability to stop criminals from the eu from entering britain , was n't it ? 
  once the uk leaves the eu , we will be able to expel criminals from the eu , something we ca n't currently do . 
  though they will be able to re-enter via the irish border , the situation will still be significantly better than now . 
  it is n't arrogant of the uk to think that it can manage its own affairs any more than it is arrogant of norway , new zealand or canada to think they can manage the i own affairs . 
  actually , it is not just this thread . 
  i consistently get downvoted for writing eusceptic posts . 
  this sub is very anti eusceptics . 
  the source is the referendum result in 1975 . 
  it is n't the singe market that removes internal tariffs , it is the customs union . 
  there are some bits of the single market that i like ( e.g. 
  mutual recognition , but it has gone too far with harmonisation . ), 
  the uk is very impacted by the cfp as any eu fishermen can fish in uk waters . 
  once we leave the cfp , it is likely our fishing industry will grow . 
  but once the uk leaves the eu , the existing wto membership that both the uk has and the eu member states have will regulate the relationship between them . 
  so it is not a case of starting from scratch .
