  the uk 's economic growth has been more or less at this level for five quarters , so i think we 're already past the such short time . 
  i agree , we should wait another 12 months before giving out any medals though . 
  what the uk should get the medal for is not economic growth but job creation . 
  in the last couple of years the uk has created far more jobs than the rest of the eu put together . 
   with so many trade partner with euro that uk have , adapting euro ca n't be bad for you . 
  we can still trade with the eu with a different currency . 
  however , in the euro we would not be able to have an independent monetary policy . 
  wow - i ca n't believe that sweden beat us in the opposition standings !, 
   i think we europeans should stick together so we can be independent from russia or the usa how is that independence from russian gas working out for you right now ?!, 
  personally i find it odd when people say we should be independent from russia or the usa as if we should stay equally distant from each . 
  europe is part of the free , liberal and democratic world and so is the usa . 
  russia , unfortunately , is not . 
  we are therefore bound to be much closer to the usa than we are to russia . 
  brits think that germans ca n't be trusted , which is why we spy on you and then we share it with the five eyes ( who we do trust ) . 
  we kind of trust france as well , party because they were on our side in the last three major conflicts , ww1 , ww2 and cold war . 
  the main reason we do n't trust you is because of russia . 
  when you abstained in the libya vote in the unsc , it was a further confirmation that we can only trust the five eyes and france just about . 
  we might stay in the eu ( though i want to leave ) but even if we do stay , we will continue to spy on you and maintain the five eyes relationship . 
  i agree with you . 
  i think eastern europe knows the horror of life under the soviets and knows that the west ( thatcher : reagan etc ) helped inspire poles etc behind the iron curtain . 
  western europe is very blaz\u00e9 about this . 
  do you guys also say `` shrapnel '' ? 
  or is this just a britain specific thing ? 
  ( i guess being neutral in the war would have meant that you might not have got all the war idiom that we got ... ), 
  i do agree with you , i 'm simply making the point that people who have a different opinion are n't bat-shit-crazy and their argument has some merits . 
  when i studied jurisprudence ( and i am sure you will have had to study this too ) we called rights that imply obligations on other people `` claim rights '' and rights which do not imply obligations on other people `` liberty rights '' . 
  obviously , as per your example with the right to die , this can mean very different things depending on whether it is a liberty right ( as per eire ) or claim right ( as per proposed uk legislation ) . 
  in general parlance , this distinction is not made ( which is another reason why i am not really a fan of human rights legislation as currently drafted ) . 
  i do n't think it is completely stupid . 
  in lots of ways , a lot of natural language normal people use when discussing law implies a belief in a natural law . 
  for example , people sometimes criticise some laws for being `` unjust '' , and we know what they mean when they say that . 
  it implies that the concept of justice is exists separately from legislation . 
  perhaps human rights exist at the same level as justice ? 
  this is something that lawyers and philosophers debate about . 
  the conventional debate is between ( to massively simplify ) legal positivists , who argue that the only laws that exist are those laws that a society enacts , and natural lawyers , who argue that there is a natural justice that overrides unjust laws . 
  a natural lawyer might argue that human rights legislation is part of the natural law that exists indepently of what society has enacted , whereas a positive lawyer would argue that human rights only exist to the extent that they have been enacted . 
  while i like the natural law theory , which has had a massive impact on the development of the english common law and the tradition of liberties within the english common law and derivative legal systems , ultimately i find the positive law theory more convincing and better describes what actually happens and has happened in different societies over the ages . 
  personally i am not a massive fan of a lot of human rights legislation as i find it somewhat vague and very open to different interpretations and thus judicial activisim . 
  also , rather than setting out a list of positive rights that individuals have , my preference would be for the starting point for humans having a right to do everything , other than those few things that society takes away from us . 
  i guess i therefore prefer the term `` human liberty '' to `` human right '' . 
  attitude towards rights is something that separates english lawyers from our american cousins . 
  attitude towards rights also differs between english lawyers and our civil lawyer friends on the continent . 
  he clearly means he likes england but not scotland :-), 
  all poles seem to love hungary ... 
   france . 
  the people , history , culture , food , way of life and i adore the language , it 's one of my favourites . 
  i also think that despite our differences and we are both very similar . 
  if i was n't british i 'd want to be french . 
  i agree with all of this other than the final sentence . 
  if i was n't british i 'd want to be british . 
  :-) other than france , i am a big fan of eire ( family reasons ) and also the netherlands . 
  honourable mentions to the scandies :-), 
  our net contributions are roughly the same as france 's . 
  we 're paying the right amount . 
  neither of your links really show evidence of xenophobia . 
  hate speech laws are different in different european countries - there is n't a set of european hate speech regulations for this to fall foul of . 
  i agree it is in poor taste . 
  it would be great if you did n't editorialise titles . 
  personally i do n't think that the poster would fall within ireland 's hate speech laws . 
  however , writing `` dirty lying jews '' on a poster definitely would . 
  what would you sue them for ? 
  i 'm afraid your post shows that you really do not know what you are talking about . 
  you said that british bankers are completely unregulated . 
  this is totally nonsense . 
  all british bankers are subject to a wide range of eu legislation and uk legislation , including the markets in financial instruments regulation , the market abuse regulation , the transparency directive , the prospectus directive , the alternative investment fund management directive , the capital requirements directive , the credit ratings agency directive and so forth . 
  there are few sectors that are more regulated . 
  since university fees went up there has been no change to the number of students going to study in the uk . 
  public sector jobs have been cut , but more jobs have been created in the private sector . 
  in the last couple of years , more jobs have been created in the uk than rhe rest of the eu put together . 
  unemployment is not a serious problem in the uk , indeed , i know many people who speak hardly any english with very basic skills who move to the uk specifically for work who find work in a matter of days . 
  also , graduates from all over the eu move to the uk for work . 
  skilled british graduates really have no excuse . 
  also , the nhs is not being privatised . 
  the lib dems and the greens are not really gaining in support : they both did worse in the last eu elections . 
  as for the austerity measures bent a failure : the uk economy is currently growing faster than any other economy in the g7 . 
  i am afraid you do not know what you are talking about . 
  the uk government has said that all scots will have uk citizenship . 
  so therefore all scots will have eu citizenship . 
  however , it is likely that scots wo n't have eu citizenship by virtue of being scottish . 
  actually , the eu would n't be removing eu citizenship from uk citizens . 
  the uk government , by leaving the eu , would be doing that . 
  to be honest , his entire post , which was premised on europe not having supervisory authorities located in the uk , kind of made no sense given that one of the three european supervisory authorities is in the uk . 
  also , the uk does n't have severe problems with tax evasion , corruption or disregard for its citizens . 
  electoral reform is an issue , but we did just have a referendum about it . 
  welfare reform is very popular among the electorate and the uk still has generous welfare compared to almost every country in the world . 
  the scottish question actually makes the uk look good - compare to spain or crimea - in the uk there is a negotiated referendum as a result of a democratic election . 
  this is how independence should be negotiated . 
  you do know that the european banking authority is located in london , right ? 
  that 's the reason why the european securities and markets association is n't in london . 
  also , sounds like you hate the uk . 
  this is fine , but be aware that hundreds of thousands of europeans move to the uk each year . 
  we must be doing something right !, 
   it does n't jeopardize its existence , but it would harm it . 
  it would mean britain has less to bring to the relationship than it did previously , but would presumably expect the relationship to remain the same . 
  i 'm cool with that . 
  in the long run you 'll get over it , just as continental europe will . 
   shutting off russian capital markets from europe will not damage us too much this does actually damage the uk more than it damages most of the eu . 
  however , the uk 's economy is one of the strongest in the eu right now , so we can take the pain more than others can . 
  in the long term , europe must get more realistic about gas dependence and organise alternative sources of energy . 
   it is if they value the special relationship .
