  it wo n't ever go away , that problem !, 
   as for the uk well you are somehow always half in half out and i do n't think that is a good stance . 
  that 's why i will vote out . 
   you did not ask about a decision but about `` wanting '' something . 
  i can ask you the same question about the united kingdom and i doubt you will come up with a conclusive answer . 
  i do n't want to split hairs about what a country wants and what a country decides . 
  in the case of the uk , i think the uk 's decision on giving huge amounts of money to the unhcr and taking 20,000 of the most vulnerable refugees directly from refugee camps over five years and not participating in the eu 's scheme can be used as shorthand for what the uk wants . 
  it is certainly what i want . 
   think we need a european solution for the issues because just funneling people north is not solving anything i do n't think an eu solution is possible , because obviously the uk will opt out of it . 
  cameron is a hostage of the referendum . 
  we saw the political consequences of outvovoting slokia , czech , hungary and romania . 
  it might be that poland is added to that list next time . 
  is it worth it , outvoting them again ? 
  we are also seeing that from an operational perspective , relocating asylum seekers to countries they do n't want to go to is incredibly difficult . 
  the jury is still out on that . 
   not sure who is `` austria '' in that question . 
  i meant government . 
  your democratically elected government should be the people that make this kind of decision ...  i think you are not aware of how the border to germany works . 
  they do n't accept an unlimited number of refugees and they are in constant discussions with the austrians to ship fewer over . 
  actually , i was n't really aware of that , but thanks for letting me know . 
  however , i still think that it does n't make sense for austria to be a bottleneck . 
  if people are going to germany and germany is going to accept them , it is best that they get there as quickly as possible . 
   the thing is the bottlenecks within germany occur aswell with the redistributioniwthin germany and the processing . 
  germany has to deal with these people . 
  i agree that redistribution and processing within germany is a massive logistical effort and that there are inevitable `` process bottlenecks '' within germany . 
  but i have a lot of confidence in the efficiency of german institutions and i think that they will get much better at this . 
  the fact that there are some process bottlenecks in germany , does not mean that there should be any bottlenecks along the balkans . 
  the balkans can not deal with this as well as germany can . 
   in terms of refugees per citizen there are more refugees in austria than in germany . 
  this means that austria is partially a destination country and partially a transit country . 
  for the asylum seekers that are just passing though austria , it still makes sense for austria to transport them as soon as possible . 
  for the ones that are going to stay , obviously they should be integrated as soon as possible . 
  in any event , bottlenecks should be really discouraged . 
   so then the bottleneck is in austria or germany ? 
  how does that solve anything ? 
  germany is n't a bottleneck . 
  they are staying in germany . 
  germany is the destination . 
   slovenia was counting on croatia to hold to an agreement but they did n't , worse than that , they 're actively dumping bus - and train-loads of refugees along the border instead of close to actual border crossings . 
  croatia pulled exactly the same stunt on hungary . 
  expecting croatia not do this same stunt was irrational in my mind . 
  counting on croatia to hold an agreement made no sense . 
   according to police numbers we 're sending about 5-6k per day to austria and receiving 10k + from croatia . 
  this statistic tells you that the current arrangement is not sustainable for slovenia . 
  therefore it must change . 
  slovenia 's options are : - beg croatia to reduce supply ( not going to work i do n't think , unless by some miracle croatia slows down supply from serbia ) - force croatia to limit supply by putting up a fence , hungary style ( not going to happen for a number of political and logistical reasons ) - beg austria to increase acceptance of migrants ( this is possible i guess and perhaps slovenia 's best option ) - force austria to increase acceptance by taking migrants to various random places along the border ( it will make you look like a bit of a shitty balkan country , but it seems to work ) . 
   and what should austria do with them ? 
  everything here is already falling apart organization wise . 
  people sleep under open air , the germans are not taking them at the pace they are coming in . 
  how many of the refugees want asylum in austria ? 
  how many is austria wanting to take ? 
  to the extent that austria is simply another transit country on the way to germany , like greece , macedonia , serbia , croatia and slovenia , then it makes sense for austria just to do that transit as quick and efficiently as possible . 
  there is no point keeping asylum seekers in austria if they do n't want to be there . 
  stopping asylum seekers enter austria from slovenia really screws over slovenia badly . 
  transporting asylum seekers to germany with maxium efficiency only screws over germany a little bit . 
  so i think it makes sense to go for the latter option . 
  the bottlenecks cause more problems than they solve . 
  in a sense croatia , by having a policy of making sure that they get out as quick as they get in , is the most rational . 
  it would kind of make sense for slovenia to do this too . 
   probably not , otherwise you would hear about it . 
  when it 's a white guy , nobody is interested the fallout from this will be massive , whatever the attacker 's ethnicity or background . 
   the situation is spiralling out of control , croatia once again dumped thousands of migrants along the border during the night , slovenia can not handle them . 
  given that this was inevitably going to happen from the moment hungary started building the fence along the hungo-croatian border , do you think that there was more slovenia could have done to prepare ? 
  ( genuine question , not sure of the answer here ! ), 
  how quick is it to transport people across slovenia , from croatia to austria ? 
  from the perspective of slovenia , surely the primarmy logistical challenge is a transport one , i.e. 
  transport migrants out of slovenia into austria as fast as croatia transports them into slovenia . 
  what are the limitations here ? 
   the only country acting arrogant here is the uk , wanting all the advantages of the eu without the drawbacks . 
  which drawbacks does france have ? 
  what rules is the uk arguing everyone else should follow but not the uk ? 
  the uk can send them back to france in this circumstance . 
  the eurostar would stop operating if anyone could get a train from gare du nord without going though british passport contol at gare du nord . 
  france will not end that treaty . 
  which free trade deals have been made since lisbon by a member state ? 
  i 'm not aware of any . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by changing existing deals . 
  which deals are you talking about ? 
  this is going to be a big part of the brexit debate in the uk . 
  switzerland can conduct its own free trade deals , so can norway . 
  why not the uk ? 
  this is a good reason to vote out . 
  misleading headline !, 
  the le touquet treaties are not part of the eu framework . 
  france could end them even within the eu . 
  if they do n't benefit france , why has france not ended them already ? 
  we 'll have the czechs in the case . 
  no , free trade deals between a member state and a third country are an exclusive competence of the eu . 
  okay , this means we get the french . 
  but you can also have the italians , lol ;-), 
   i am afraid that the average joe does not have the necessary farsightedness and it too easily influenced on this topic . 
  i 'm in a real minority in my liking for direct democracy . 
  in my view if you give people responsibility , they become more responsible . 
  i also think that the swiss , when we consider the way they govern themselves as a whole , achieve something that us brits and germans can only dream of !, 
  they would definitely have a referendum before changing currency ... 
  i agree . 
  the `` no '' campaign for the scottish independence referendum was incredibly poor . 
  they won the referendum but lost the argument convincingly in my view , which is a great shame !, 
   artificial calculations how it would have developed without the euro are extremely complex and likely inaccurate i agree that it is an incredibly complex exercise . 
  though i think that 's really the job of macro-economists !,
