  such measures shall be terminated when the security council has taken the measures necessary to restore and maintain international peace and security . 
  the falklands are not part of europe or north america . 
  the nato alliance specifically did not want to get involved with this kind of risk , correctly in my view . 
  the falklands is essentially a uk specific concern that the uk should deal with specifically , without necessarily having to rely on nato allies . 
  the uk is in top 5 of cap subsidies , but personally i think it makes no sense for the eu to subsidize agriculture . 
  if member states wish to they should , but personally i do not think the uk should be subsidizing agriculture . 
   how would that help with immigration from eu then ? 
  whoever wanted to move there , moved already . 
  those who have n't and still intend to , would probably do that before gates close . 
  i do n't really see eu immigration as a big problem . 
  i 'm cool with it . 
  the plan is not to change the current levels of immigration from the eu , but design the best immigration system for the uk 's future . 
   eventually ? 
  quite likely , but it would probably take years . 
  this is possible . 
  but it is not a reason not to do it . 
   so what you guys basically want is a free access to eu market without having to participate in projects that would cost you anything and an ability to pick and choose what eu laws apply ? 
  yes . 
  this is what canada and south korea have negotiated . 
  i think the uk will also be able to negotiate it . 
   and how would the resolution of that pes ... immigration problem look like?i assume it would n't be `` round 'em up and ship them to the continent '' , but what are the actual plans ? 
  everyone who has come to the uk legally will be entitled to remain indefinitely , provided they live within the law of the uk . 
  after brexit , the uk should start a new points based immigration system , which is neutral as to country of origin . 
  what 's another thousand years of love and war between meilleux ennemis ? 
   do people assume i aim to destroy everything british because i 'm french ? 
  yes . 
  great song , great attitude !, 
   english was not shared with anybody , it was diffused through colonization and killing countless people in the past centuries , just like latin or french or spanish . 
  not quite . 
  far more people have learnt english in the last 50 years , through globalisation , compared to the amount that learnt it in the age of empire . 
  personally i do n't think we need to do anything specific for the english language to spread any more . 
  it has already reached a critical mass . 
  there 's no point making english an official language anywhere else , it will just become an unofficial language almost everywhere . 
  even in the uk , english has no official legal status ... 
  very interesting post , thanks . 
  some german dude !, 
  i feel a bit bad now that i have scared him off !, 
   are n't they thinking mostly about extra-european immigration ? 
  i 'm an eusceptic and do n't think extra-european immigration differently from european immigration . 
  i would prefer if uk immigration policy were to treat europeans and non-europeans equally . 
   then it will only be nobody 's language , since everyone uses it but it 's not part of anyone 's culture anymore english belongs to all of its users ... 
  it is part of the culture of england , but we are happy to share it . 
   or maybe we could make it so that everybody regulates english , if we want to make it a practical language that unites people . 
  no thanks . 
  english does not need a regulator , it is already very practical and unites people , by being used across the world in popular culture , business , science etc etc etc. 
  also , english people are culturally not keen on the idea of regulating something like a language . 
  in our eyes that sounds like the kind of thing a soviet or a frenchman might try and do - it seems somehow [ orwellian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nineteen_eighty-four#doublethink ) . 
  in my mind language belongs in the category of things like literature and thought and philosophy and emotion and dreams . 
  these things are somehow beyond regulation . 
  the job of a grammar book or a dictionary is primarily to describe the use of language rather than to prescibe how it should be used . 
   yeah , pro-russian is like `` we know they 're evil but we want to sell them our apples '' . 
  pro-russian in the uk is like `` we know they 're evil and we do n't really even have any apples to sell them . 
  but maybe they are someone else 's problem and not our problem ? '', 
   if we want english to be the language used for international communication there are various issues of the language itself as it is now that need to be addressed first . 
  nobody regulates english . 
  we do n't have a body like the academie francaise or the accademia della crusca . 
  you ca n't address issues with the english language . 
  you just have to take it as it is . 
  it is also a very flexible language and is very open to change and adopting new words and expressions from its vast number of users ... 
   in other comments . 
  see his response to mine . 
  i have n't been through his post history , but his comment responding to yours again is n't saying that he wants immigration reduced . 
   it 's also by far the biggest complaint of the anti-eu crowd . 
  i 'm personally pro-immigration , but think the uk should leave the eu . 
  i think the uk should have a points based immigration system , a bit like australia and canada . 
  i think the immigration policy should be neutral as to country of origin : i.e. 
  not give reu citizens rights that people from the rest of the world do n't have ,, 
   because germany solely decides what happens on a european political level . 
  / s [ as you have said yourself 20 minutes ago , germany is a very dominant country in the eu . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2zzwjp/a_british_eu_exit_could_hit_gdp_by_22_percent/cpo4inx ), 
   so to deal with demographic crisis you want less immigration . 
  where did he say he wanted less immigration ? 
  thanks - differently german dominated austerity in the eurozone has had wonderful results in greece . 
   well i am cool with that too , no more american shenanigans ventiled through the uk in the eu . 
  it sounds good to me . 
  what specific differences are you expecting to see in the eu after a brexit ? 
   churchill himself realized the necessity of a united europe . 
  maybe you brits should remember that . 
  yeah , but he was far more ambivalent over whether or not the uk should actually be in it . 
   what the uk does not realize is that if brexit will happen the eu will be completely dominated by france and germany . 
  i think the uk does realise this . 
  personally , i am cool with that . 
   it 's not related . 
  it was founded separately and earlier , and shares nothing with the eu except some membership between the coe 's 47 members and the eu 's 28 . 
  leaving the eu would not have any impact on coe/echr membership . 
  its not quite true that there is no overlap whatsover . 
  as i am sure you know , the eu has a legal obligation to accede to the echr under article 6 ( 2 ) of the teu . 
  also , under article 6 ( 3 ) , ecrr rights shall constitute general principles of eu law . 
  thus , there is a legal question mark over the extent to which the uk could leave the echr while staying within the eu . 
  i agree that even if the uk leaves the eu it would also need to leave the echr if it wanted that jurisprudence not to apply to it . 
   both organisation impact uk ( and over members ) ability to act independently much more than the eu does ... not really . 
  if we look at this history of nato , how many times has it caused an action for the uk that the uk might not have wanted to do were it not in nato ? 
   would you go to war for turkey ? 
  within the nato article 5 obligation , yes . 
   i 'm not sure how both of you managed to swallow 180 billion pounds `` for scotland '' figure without realising that would bring public spending in scotland to # 36,000 per head . 
  i 'll admit that i do n't really know anything about the claim at hand and do n't have any particular comment to make about it . 
  that 's why i went for `` this kind of thing '' . 
  i 'm more interested in its impact . 
   i suspect a lot of people in england would actually support the snp if they knew anything about it . 
  this may be the case .
