  but , surely when people write `` access to the single market '' they do n't mean `` membership of the single market '' . 
  usa trades with eu based on wto rules and some bilateral trade deals . 
  i find the term `` access to the single market '' incredibly vague . 
  it has no precise meaning . 
  that is why i prefer not to use it . 
  yes , i like their model rather than being in the single market . 
  i campaigned to leave the eu and spent hours of my time doing so mainly to leave the single market . 
  yes , i am agreeing with you and trying to be precise . 
  there is membership of the single market , and then there is everyone else . 
  if you mean eea , then it makes sense to say membership of the single market rather than access to the single market . 
  if you mean outside the eea , then just say `` not members of the single market '' . 
   that by itself does n't make the rules undemocratic . 
  if you think that the eu as a whole is democratic , than arguably you could say that rules of the single market are put in place democratically . 
  for various reasons , i do not think that the eu really passes the democratic test ( partly because there is no real demos , partly because there is so little effective public scrutiny of the rule making process and partly because of the ratchet effect in eu law ) . 
   the battle with the wto is going to be as fierce if not more so than the negotiations with the eu . 
  no , it wo n't be , because the uk is not going to the wto with the aim of tightening trade . 
  also , the eu also has to agree a new schedule of commitments with the wto . 
   brexiters claimed that there was advantage for britain in delaying the triggering of article 50 and in keeping things vague . 
  i never saw that claim . 
  there was an advantage to delaying article 50 and coming up with a plan . 
  any perks at your mother 's house ?!, 
  ( i kid , i kid !!! ), 
   i think that this will be one of the first things the eu and uk are going to agree on . 
  anything else would be a huge surprise for me . 
  this was what i thought too , but i think that there is a risk that the negotiations will go badly so uk has to be prepared to walk away . 
   there is a lot of ground , even between a trade agreement that includes tariffs and the standard wto rules though . 
  i completely agree with you on this . 
  however , if the eu wants tariffs to be part of the fta with the uk , then i think it makes that fta a bit less desirable for the uk . 
  uk 's preferred position would be zero tariffs . 
  i also think that it is important for the uk to send a signal to the rest of the world that it is not in favour of any tariffs ( this will make more countries want trade with the uk ) . 
  i am not sure why the eu would want to send a signal to the rest of the world that it wants some tariffs ( but that is their choice , not ours ) . 
   the to little to late if you mention , is not required if the multiples of food are not being exported in the first place under , british laize fair policy . 
  the uk currently has tariffs on food , which makes food prices in the uk higher than global food prices . 
  fine , you might like that , i personally do n't . 
  one thing that you can not say is that it is laissez-faire economics that caused the irish famine , because that famine happened exactly when the uk had high tariffs on grain . 
  after the uk reduced tariffs , of course , prices of grain went down in the uk . 
  [ in this article he wrote ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/jan/18/not-punish-britain-shed-illusions-eu-fair-deal ) :  but it is an illusion to suggest that the uk will be permitted to leave the eu but then be free to opt back into the best parts of the european project , for instance by asking for zero tariffs from the single market without accepting the obligations that come with it . 
  i hope that british people will see from the perspective of an eu taxpayer how unreasonable this would be . 
  this makes me think that he is not as keen on tariff free trade as i am . 
  if his view is that the uk can only have tariff free trade if it is a member of the single market , then i guess there will be tariffs . 
  to me that is a shame . 
  however , it also makes it more important to focus on other countries , which might be more likely to want tariff free trade . 
   for all i know , ftas always include a removal of tariffs , or the would n't be ftas . 
  the uk currently has no tariffs on trade with the eu . 
  verhofstad 's preference seems to be that a new fta between the eu and the uk would be one with tariffs on it . 
   the fact remains that if uk were offered the option of not leaving the single market , along with their other moronic demands , they 'd salivate and take it . 
  that is neither true from the british public 's perspective or the uk government 's perspective . 
   if the eu does n't get a deal they 'll lose on a market of 60 million people . 
  if the uk does n't make a deal they 'll lose out in a market of 450 million . 
  you do the math on who has the more to lose . 
  it is all a bit more complicated than that in my view , because the uk becomes with each year less tied to the single market in terms of its trade . 
   i am referring to the irish famine , 1 million dead , 1 million having to emigrate . 
  i am also referring to it . 
  the famine occurred at a time that the uk had very regulated corn laws , keeping grain prices high . 
  the famine was one of the reasons that the uk decided to repeal the corn laws and allow grain in the uk to be purchased at global prices . 
  if the uk had deregulated the corn laws earlier , many people would not have starved . 
   also want to apologize for being a bit rude in some of our other conversations . 
  do n't worry about that and apologies accepted . 
  in fact , i have noticed that i normally receive a lot of insults , aggressive responses , people implying i am racist etc from people on this sub , and you were much more polite than most people who are openly hostile . 
   i hope everything works out for both the uk and eu . 
  i also hope everything works out for you too and the eu more generally . 
   i am fairly certain , that the uk will not be able to get as favourable deals now i disagree on this , partly because of the geopolitical situation ( trump ) , partly because the uk currently has a government that is very committed to reducing tariffs and freeing trade and partly because a lot of people ( like me ) who voted leave did so because of the perceived difficulty of eu ftas . 
   it seems you are advocating a laissez faire economic policy in regards to food importation to the uk , i am . 
   do you know what happened the last time the uk tried that ? 
  are you referring to the repeal of the corn laws ? 
  it lead to cheaper food . 
   the uk has , proportinally to its population , as much say in those regulations as every other eu member . 
  the uk population has a less direct say in the rules that apply to them though . 
  also , the uk has an entirely different political system and political culture and our understanding of how our democracy functions is different from yours . 
   why would it matter to the uk companies , whether they have to follow regulations made in brussels or in london it really depends a lot on what those regulations say . 
   this implies , that the uk would be able to negotiate more favourable terms than the eu , which is not a reasonable thing to assume , since the eu is vastly more influential and powerful than the uk alone . 
  the uk can negotiate quicker and do deals more tailored to itself . 
  the eu has to worry about compromise and also political risk ( walonia ... ) also the uk is happier to reduce taiffs . 
   also , what other economies are you talking about ? 
  china and india ? 
  i think look at the growth of japan , canada , usa , australia , new zealand , singapore , south korea ( i.e. 
  the developed world ) . 
   once the uk actually leaves the eu , it will no longer be as easy to open up a branch in the uk the uk will likely make it incredibly easy ( as it already does ) . 
   anything in particular ? 
  i really do n't want to read through hundreds of papers . 
  [ there is a lot of good stuff on this blog . 
  ] ( http://www.economistsforbrexit.co.uk/publications/ ) written from a right wing , deregulatory , free marketeer perspective . 
   how can you be certain that there will be less red tape when dealing with non-eu countries ? 
  obviously , it depends on the country . 
  some countries have loads of red tape . 
   for the time being all eu ` laws ' will stay on the books in the uk as far as i 'm aware , so you 're betting on future deregulation - which may or may not happen . 
  yes , i am effectively betting on a tory government wanting to deregulate . 
  to me this seems like a good bet , but not a certain one . 
   why do you reckon the single market is n't very ` democratic ' ? 
  under single market rules , the uk parliament is unable to change laws which are single market laws . 
   there is literally no downside of being a member of the single market for the uk ( do n't come with regulations now , the uk would have to fulfill those regulations when selling stuff to the eu countries regardless of whether they are a member of the single market or not ) . 
  yes , but the uk would not have to comply with those regulations in relation to purely domestic commerce . 
   but there is no doubt that the uk profits from the single market , so there is no reason for wanting to leave it , whatsoever . 
  i am afraid there are reasons . 
  in addition to the purely economic reasons ( the ability to change regulation ) , there are also democratic reasons . 
  there are also trade negotiation reasons ( not being in the single market means that the uk can have a more open trade negotiation with the rest of the world ) see the stuff by sigartha singham on this . 
   when half the public does not agree with it it is not , as you tried to claim `` the public 's opinion . '', 
  the poll showed 39 % percent of people opposed to the uk leaving the single market . 
  norway is a full member of the single market , switzerland is a partial member . 
  the uk will not be a member .
