  the uk has a tradition of liberties that is the same as those of the rest of the anglosphere . 
  i think we will just about manage great outside the echr . 
   to be fair some very loud eurosceptic brits on here show a lot of contempt towards continentals lately . 
  the difference between euroscepticism and rampant nationalism is blurring lately . 
  personally i have not seen eurosceptic brits showing contempt to continentals on here , but if it has happened then i apologise on behalf of my co-nationals . 
  i also do n't think that there is any `` blurring '' : i am a eurosceptic but it would be quite wrong to call me a a rampant nationalist . 
  obviously , i am against people being contemptuous of others because of their nationality . 
  if i saw a contemptuous post by a brit i would downvote it . 
  the evidence from this particular thread is a brit who is not being contemptuous , but getting lots of downvotes . 
   was n't me . 
  i disagree with you a lot but i do n't downvote thanks . 
  i was making the remark to readers generally to anyone reading . 
  this forum is terrible for trying to drown out the opinions of any one that expresses a eurosceptic opinion . 
  it is pretty annoying . 
   i was being facetious . 
  i find it surprising that i question you on something , you admit to being facetious and i then get downvoted . 
   to oppose an organisation that is there to protect your rights just because it has the word european in it is a bit silly . 
  especially since cameron is so eager to pass bills that violate that very rights . 
  the reason for wanting to pull out of the echr is not because of the word european . 
  it is to enable the uk parliament to enact legislation it wants . 
  in relation to prisoners voting . 
  edit after your edit :  the uk was one of the main nations pushing for an echr 50 years ago after all . 
  it was more than 50 years ago . 
  the uk was right to push for it then , given what had just happened in europe . 
  times have now changed . 
  the world has moved on . 
  rights are not inherently `` european '' . 
  there is no real reason why there has to be a european regime any more rather than different national regimes . 
  the eu is not mentioned once in the article . 
  jurisdiction of the echr is almost entirely unrelated to eu membership . 
  the echr regime is not a power of the eu . 
  the fact that the echr regime does not allow the uk to have legislation that the uk wants ( e.g. 
  in relation to prisoners voting ) is not directly related to eu membership . 
   how the fuck is the european convention of human rights too much power to the eu ? 
  fuck you britain and fuck you cameron . 
  cameron is not saying that the echr is too much power to the eu . 
  what is the echr angle here ? 
  in what way is this revelant ? 
   so that 's why your government raided the guardian . 
  citation needed . 
   yeah , i 'd certainly feel safer in a country with a pm saying he wants to get the country out of probably the most important legal instrument me as an individual have against the state . 
  hundreds of thousands of europeans who move to the uk every year seem to disagree with you . 
  the uk has a tradition of legislation protecting individuals against the state for 800 years . 
  i think we 'll be okay :-), 
  personally i think the uk should pull out of the jurisdiction of the echr and consider establishing a british bill of rights . 
  the ecrh was a response to particular time in history and the uk can be proud of the work of its lawyers in shaping the echr regime . 
  however , the circumstances of that particular time in history no longer apply today . 
  there is nothing inherent in human rights legislation that means that it should be at a continental level rather than a national level or a global level . 
  recent judgments from the echr have conflicted with legislation from the british parliament , and in particular the right of prisoners to vote . 
  personally i think that there are good arguments for giving prisoners the vote , but i also think there are arguments against it . 
  however , as a matter of principle i think that the decision over whether or not they vote should be one for the british parliament rather than the european court of human rights . 
  so i think it is time for the uk to pull out . 
  the uk has a lengthy and proud tradition of liberties . 
  we really should n't take comparisons with lukashenko very seriously . 
  edit - many thanks for all the downvotes - in breach of rediquette !, 
  eurozone sovereign debt crisis . 
  ouch . 
  i guess this means i am just going to be more reluctant to hire fat people . 
  got ta hope that airbnb wins this one . 
  it gives everyone a lot more options . 
  the hotel industry should just lower its prices . 
   society can not be tolerant of this kind of things . 
  society has to respond well before government . 
  let 's not always ask the government only to uphold our values . 
  we have to keep them alive everyday , lest people start thinking it is only the government , and not the citizens , believing in it . 
  i agree , this is a case where ideally the court of public opinion will respond more quickly and more effectively than the judicial courts . 
  if people stop going to his shop , pretty soon he does n't have a shop . 
  as someone who is involved in business ( though my business is selling legal services . . ) i can never understand why people would want to limit their customer base . 
  i want as many customers as i can get . 
  if they want to buy my product , i pretty much want to sell to them . 
   please do n't take this more seriously than you should , but this is my image of pretty much every british protester protesting about anything , anywhere , until i 'm proven wrong : i 'm not really a protester . 
  i 'm just a guy on the internet who thinks that it does n't make sense for the uk to be subject to eu-wide minimum wage legislation when this is something that the uk already covers ... 
  this is surely something that can be decided at the member state level ?!, 
  i ca n't watch the video now because i am at work ... 
  while i agree that the british legal system and rule of law and parliamentary democracy would help that area , britain would not be able to get that done there . 
  this solution would just make a whole lot of new problems . 
  also , this would not be popular in britain . 
  from a british perspective , what is interesting here is to watch the spanish state deal with secessionist movements in a totally different way from the way the british state is dealing with them . 
  it seems to me that aims and objectives of britain and spain are fundamentally aligned , neither of them want their state to break up . 
  in britain , the british government believes that the best way of achieving that objective is to negotiate with the scottish goverment , get a referendum in place and then use a variety of soft threats and bribes ( e.g. 
  you ca n't keep the pound if you leave and we will move ship-building plants from scotland to england , however , if you vote to stay you can have more devolution ) to win that referendum . 
  it is going to be interesting in a few years to see where we are in relation to nationalist movements in europe . 
   hurr durr muslamic ray guns ? 
   yet recent polls have shown most people want to stay in the eu . 
  [ polls are actually very close on this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_referendum_on_united_kingdom_membership_of_the_european_union#on_uk_withdrawal ) . 
  looking at polling , concluding that most people want to stay in the eu , strikes me as wishful thinking . 
  in my mind polling shows that opinion is divided . 
  yes , a brexit is best for everyone . 
  the majority of voters just voted for ukip ( want out of the eu ) or conservative ( want to renegotiate and repatriate then have a referendum ) . 
  hopefully the uk can pull out of the eu as soon as possible . 
  the new uk foreign secretary is on the record as saying he will vote to leave the eu unless the uk gets the reforms and repatriations we want . 
  the eu requirements , whatever they are . 
  hopefully the uk can opt out of this one . 
  we already have legislation here and do n't need any from the eu . 
  generally i would support germany ( a rival ) rather than argentina ( an enemy ) . 
  however , at the start of the match i found myself supporting argentina , but mainly because i appreciate messi and also because after brazil i felt that germany had had enough . 
  by the end i was supporting germany again , because argentina 's play way too negative . 
   but not many among us have the vocation to be a martyr . 
  i 'm sure that faced with poor job prospects in my own country , i would have been the first on the ` plane out of there . 
  individuals need to think of their own immediate needs first .
