  these are two different concepts . 
  wow is n't it crazy that different concepts have different words . 
   you did n't even try to help with the influx of syrian refugees . 
  uk gives 0.7 % of gdp to international aid as per un targets . 
  a huge amount of this goes towards helping the syrian refugees . 
  germany does not give 0.7 % of gdp in international aid . 
   not having to comply with eu vat while otherwise being treated like an eu member gibraltar will be leaving the eu . 
  i am not pretending otherwise . 
   uk military power is oriented towards expeditionary ( colonial ) wars the uk is not oriented towards colonial wars . 
  it is highly geared towards defence of europe ( e.g. 
  with very significant presence in and collaboration with estonia and romania ) . 
  the uk does care for immigrants , which is why so many immigrants move to the uk . 
   which is just going to get worse with the slowing down of its exports with the rest of the eu ( and the world if you stop producing anything ) . 
  which will worsen the trade deficit which will make the pound to tank untill it 's no longer a reserve money . 
  if the pound tanks , then the uk 's trade deficit will of course change . 
   and the world if you stop producing anything ) . 
  the uk is not going to stop producing things . 
   yeah we have , but we actually give something to europe exactly which responsibilities has the uk shirked ? 
  uk helps pay for europe 's defence by complying with nato payment obligations . 
  germany shirks that responsibility . 
   to abolish gibraltars unfair advantage , just completely change the world economy instead of closing the specific loopholes for gibraltar . 
  how reasonable . 
  not having to comply with eu vat is not some special loophole , it is the case for the rest of the world . 
  trump reducing taxes will be good for all of us . 
   democracy has no relation with the taxes , are the people picking the rates ? 
  of course taxation and representation are connected . 
  you ca n't just impose taxes on people if their democracy does not want them . 
   the last thing the people can choose is the tax rate . 
  parliaments choose tax rates . 
  people choose parliaments . 
   people need to work to buy food . 
  that 's even more true when you import all your food . 
  if your agriculture and industry can not be competitive enough , because everything is cheaper from abroad , what will the majority of the brits do for a living ? 
  you ca n't have 20 millions bankers . 
  exactly because uk agriculture is not competitive , the uk should stop spending tax-payers ' money subsidising it , but reduce taxation . 
   what will the majority of the brits do for a living ? 
  you ca n't have 20 millions bankers . 
  what do you think the majority of british people are currently doing ? 
  they are not working in agriculture , they are working in services . 
  and i was pointing out that democracy matters . 
  gibraltar 's location is irrelevant as to their taxes . 
  their democracy decides their taxes , not their location . 
   this can work on a city-sized state , as luxembourg or singapour but the uk has 65 millions people to feed . 
  this is exactly why we should end protectionism and remove all tariffs on agriculture . 
  it would mean it would be cheaper to feed people in the uk . 
   it 's the combination of this coupled with the ability to sell goods to spain without tariffs . 
  most of the world ca n't do that . 
  hopefully the eu stops being protectionist and removes tariffs . 
   not most of the world in on european ground at the same time though . 
  the principle is the same though . 
  the eu does not have jurisdiction outside the eu . 
  it does not set tax rates in gibraltar . 
  it is the job of gibraltar to decide what taxes it wants . 
  the eu can decide its own taxes . 
  gibraltar 's location is irrelevant to the principle of liberal democracy . 
   sorry , but no self respecting independent country can accept ceding judiciary to outside entity . 
  obviously , the uk is not going to accept the ecj having jurisdiction over the uk once it leaves any more than the eu would accept the uk courts having jurisdiction over it . 
  the eu needs to accept that it can not ask for things that it would not accept itself . 
   the example of the uk that should n't be punished any more than not getting any benefits of the eu than we would offer fiji for example , will show everyone how important the eu became , and that , even with its mistakes , it is worth keeping the eu does n't offer benefits to the uk . 
  we have pay in 10 billion pounds a year and somehow that means we end up still owing 100 billion euros . 
  that is not good value for money . 
  obviously , we can see that being in the eu is no requirement for success - look how well countries like australia , singapore , canada manage outside the eu . 
  we can also see that being in the eu does not guarantee success either - look at greece . 
   the example of the uk that should n't be punished any more than not getting any benefits of the eu than we would offer fiji for example the uk is not asking for any benefits from the eu at all . 
   that being said , that 's the difference between the uk and continental views . 
  the reason cap exists is that food security and local industry is a major concern on the continent . 
  it is not a major concern in the uk . 
  getting rid of the protectionist cap would be good news for british consumers . 
  it registers a lot of companies because we live in a globalised world where companies will move to places where they are well regulated . 
  i agree . 
  there seems to be a lot of anger that gibraltar is well regulated and successful . 
   it 's exempt from eu vat , which makes every single product they sell significantly cheaper . 
  lowest vat in the eu is luxembourgs at 17 % . 
  most of the world is exempt from eu vat because most of the world is outside the eu . 
  that does not make most of the world a tax haven . 
   you are basically saying that all those countries that are doing badly should become tax havens gibraltar is not a tax haven . 
  it has a tax rate that is similar to bulgaria , ireland , cyprus , estonia , hungary . 
  look at the unemployment figures in the south of spain and look at them in gibraltar . 
  rather than gibraltar copying the south of spain , it would make more sense for the south of spain to copy gibraltar . 
   because of that , we have to show that the leave of the eu would be incredible painful and harmful why do n't you just focus on trying to make your union the kind of union that people like ? 
  that would make more sense to me . 
   seeing a lot of vitriol in this sub towards brits . 
  this kind of stuff hardens our resolve ;-), 
   these are legal obligations that the uk has made . 
  they exist on paper . 
  they have been signed . 
  the eu has made its budget based on , among many things , these contracts . 
  a budget that has consequences for half a billion people . 
  the law is not some certain thing which everyone always agrees on . 
  the uk and the eu might dispute the legal obligations . 
   without this gibraltar will become a barren rock again without gibraltar regulating itself its unemployment figures will become like those of south of spain . 
  obviously , the gibraltarians should decide how they want to govern themselves as is normal in liberal democracies . 
   it looks more like an argument taking place in a pub where half of the people are already drunk . 
  no offense . 
  this is deliberate . 
  it must be how we are educated or something . 
  this is how parliament has always been since we first had a parliament . 
   the uk can live without it , because you 're a country with a long and strong democratic tradition , but we 're not , so we 're better off with a proportional system . 
  to me different countries need to have different systems for democracy to reflect their histories and cultures . 
  there is no one right answer .
