  personally i still think that the uk and the eu can work together sensibly , even once the uk has left the eu and that is certainly something that i would like . 
   yeah i have to admit as somebody who is strongly pro-european the way this idea has progressed has shaken my confidence in the maturity of the eu . 
  the concept is bizarre , has been justified on shaky grounds and has been pushed through mostly to spite the uk . 
  we will have to see what happens in the next step of the legal process . 
  i expect that hmt will certainly bring another challenge . 
  even if the uk loses the next challenge , there is still no certainty that this tax will see the light of day . 
  there is still quite a bit of political disagreement among the participating member states over the detail of this tax , some of which care about it more than others . 
  if the uk does lose this battle ( bearing in mind that the uk has already lost legal battles on bankers bonuses and short selling ) the argument that the uk needs to stay in the eu in order to retain influence becomes somewhat weaker . 
   it 's a difficult issue in the end , but i think the uk 's financial system wo n't be crippled by a 0.01 % ( derrivatives ) to 0.1 % ( exchange of shares and bonds ) tax . 
  it would net the uk quite a lot of revenue ( estimated at 10 bln . 
  euro ) which could help with the budget deficit . 
  i think if it were going to net the uk revenue , the uk would already have implemented it alone . 
  not really . 
  london is n't an eu financial centre , it is a global financial centre . 
  new york is also a global financial centre . 
  also , the eu does n't have a financial centre per se . 
  each company in the eu can freely choose where it goes to get finance and they can go anywhere in the world . 
  if the eu tries to stop them leaving the eu , it would really restrict their ability to raise finance . 
   same way sweden did . 
  fail to meet the convergence criteria , i.e. 
  have too much debt , too much inflation , too big a deficit , or simply just do n't join erm ii . 
  sweden 's not in the euro , even though they have no formal opt-out . 
  the swedish case is a little bit different though . 
  sweden have simply never made the changes required in order to join the euro , they have instead just carried on as they are . 
  scotland would not just be carrying on as it is , it would be , at the same time as negotiating membership of the eu and presumably getting a legal obligation to join the euro , also be either setting up a new currency / getting a new central bank / negotiating currency union with the uk . 
  i 'm not saying that this ca n't be done politically . 
  just that the eu might not be quite so relaxed about it as it is with sweden . 
   admittedly , i have no doubt he will be behind anything that is best for scotland . 
  in this he can be called lacking in principles , or extremely dedicated . 
  [ given that the snp position used to be that scotland should join the euro ] as soon as possible , then became in 2011 that scotland should join at some stage , and now seems to be that scotland will retain a formal opt out , it does appear that salmond lacks principles on this one and is following public opinion !, 
  anyway , the point stands : it is hard to see why iscotland keeping the pound and the rest of the uk opt outs are somehow better europeans than the uk is ... 
   what has given you this idea . 
  the media has been slamming him on these things because uk privileges are seen as golden god-sends there , but i do n't think he ever exclaimed any such feelings . 
  pages 222 and 223 of '' [ scotland 's future : your guide to an independent scotland ] ( http://www.scotland.gov.uk/publications/2013/11/9348/downloads ) '' indicate that scotland want to maintain all the existing uk opt outs . 
  given that alex salmond wrote the preface to this guide , it would be surprising if it did n't represent his views . 
  the point is that global finance can take place in a variety of different places : if singapore , as a small independent nation can have a global financial centre , and new york , as part of a large nation can have a global financial centre , it seems a bit odd to think that the uk , as a medium nation , ca n't have one . 
  what do singapore and new york have in common ? 
  they both have the english language ( international language of finance ) and also the english legal system ( international legal system of finance ) . 
  london also has these things :-), 
  haha !, 
  i have already had hours of waiting in addis abbaba several times and know what a pain a visa can be ... 
  it is true that it is currently very easy to travel in the eu without visas . 
  but for brits , who have always been able to travel round most of western europe very easily , this is not really eu specific . 
  i went to istanbul over the weekend . 
  getting the visa added five minutes and 25 turkish lira to my journey :-) . 
  uk outside the eu will not be making significant changes to current visa arrangements . 
  this really depends on the nature of the arrangements between the eu and the uk post brexit . 
  singapore and new york just about manage outside the eu . 
  `` nation '' is not really a legal concept , it is a cultural and historical concept . 
  perhaps he did mean size , in which case `` region '' is a slightly odd word because a region can be any size . 
  scotland is not a region though . 
  scotland is a nation . 
  mumbai and shang hai are not providing international finance yet : they provide local finance . 
  if london plays its cards right , it can capitalise on the growth of asia . 
  there 's no reason why , when mumbai and shanghai really open up , they wo n't use london for finance . 
  finance does not really rely on geographic proximity . 
  it relies on a concentration of professionals , a very certain and secure legal system and so forth . 
  frankfurt and hong kong are not really gaining in their shares of international finance . 
  if anything , hong kong is losing to singapore . 
  frankfurt is certainly not gaining on london , if anything london is moving further ahead . 
  but all major currencies can increasingly be traded easily in a second in most places in the world . 
  the uk has the pound as its currency , but international finance in london can be in any currency . 
  i advice on deals in other currencies all the time . 
  why do you think london wo n't be a financial centre in 20 years ? 
  i also do n't agree with a lot of what ukip says , but will be voting ukip next month . 
  i do agree with ukip 's policy of bringing the uk out of the eu . 
  farage is not anti-german . 
  farage is married to a german . 
  which party will you vote for ? 
  i think most people in england are n't keen on the idea of the english regions becoming separate entities within a federation . 
  the gibraltarians and the falkland islanders like their current deal it seems . 
  they seem to want loose links with the uk , rather than the threat of argentina or spain taking over . 
  uk government policy is to support self determination of gibraltar and the falklands etc. 
  that 's one of the good things about the aggressive uk media . 
  they come down on politicians very heavily . 
  i have n't rented my flat out but i would consider it . 
  the feedback system works pretty well / everyone comments on everyone , so you are incentivised to behave well . 
  airbnb is getting big all over europe . 
  have stayed many times in france and italy with it . 
  i love airbnb - have stayed in great places for much less than the cost of a hotel . 
  also , how do you know that the landlords are n't paying taxes on income ? 
  they probably do :-), 
  i do n't think the westminster government is not using an eu referendum as political bluff . 
  legislation for a referendum might even get passed in the next parliament . 
  thanks , i did n't know that . 
  however , i still expect that france will be able to vote yes to scotland very quickly . 
  france did n't hold a referendum on the last few accessions , did it ? 
  i think it very unlikely that they would have a referendum on scottish membership , when they did n't with croatian membership . 
  i really do n't see cyprus or spain blocking it either . 
  voting to leave the eu would not put the uk in breach of the eu treaties . 
  the eu treaties already have secession provisions within them . 
  if the british people vote to leave the eu , the uk government can trigger article 50 , and leave the eu in compliance with the treaties . 
  we will see what happens about prisoners votes . 
  i am sure that whatever the uk does will be in compliance with laws . 
  however , as a matter of principle i think that whether or not life term prisoners has the vote is something that should be decided by westminster . 
  yes , the uk is not a party to the fiscal compact . 
  this does not harm the eu however . 
  do you think the fiscal compact has strengthened the eu economy ? 
  i 'm not sure if it really has . 
  what do you disagree with me about with the rebate ?
