   it turns out when you give people the chance to integrate with our society , after some initial teething period , they actually do . 
  who would have thought ? 
  i agree with you . 
  which is why i challenged the statement that poles are far more welcome than indians . 
  i personally welcome than equally and think our immigration policy should be neutral as between them . 
  it sounds like you agree with me . 
   i 'm from spain . 
  i vote for izquierda unida ( united left ) . 
  i had a look on the website of the izquierda unida , but could n't see what their immigration policy was . 
  is it totally open borders ? 
   in that case he [ farage ] seems to have joined the wrong party ... eh ? 
  ukip are the only political party in the uk that have an immigration policy that is neutral as to nationality . 
  all the others favour some nations over others . 
   i 'm pretty sure i do n't , since it is based on the idea of `` limited , controlled '' immigration . 
  this notion starts from the premise ( which is a nationalist premise ) that one should make a distinction between existing nationals and migrants , and that the latter may only enter at the whim of the former . 
  so your preference is that your country should have no limits on immigration at all from anywhere in the world ? 
  which country are you from ? 
  who do you vote for ? 
   we do n't ? 
  are you new here or something ? 
  you do get comments about the fourth reich and those comments are extremely ugly and we should always condemn them and they detract from discussion rather than add to them . 
  however , if you recognise this it seems astonishing that you think that it makes sense to use the exact same aguing technique , going on about the british empire , to discredit a point made by a brit . 
   do n't you see that reasoning `` he ca n't be racist because he prefers darker skin people over white ones '' ( one race over the other ) is essentialy racist ? 
  his point was entirely devoid of race . 
  he mentioned specifically indians and australians - quite obviously there is no particular racial connection between indians and australians . 
  it is crazy to try to turn this into a discussion of race . 
  probably because i 'm not a nationalist . 
  in that case it sounds like you agree with ukip 's immigration policy , which is to be neutral as to nationality . 
   indian immigration has been a stunning success for the uk and i do n't know anyone who thinks they do n't belong or have n't integrated unfortunately / r/europe has become a place where people that mention `` indian rape culture '' get upvoted whereas people that mention the stunning success of indian immigration to the uk get downvoted and called racists . 
  sad times . 
   i really do n't see why . 
  you of all people are so blind to ukip 's rhetoric that a reality check ca n't hurt - or at least a different perception of the given realities . 
  what part of this rhetoric annoyed you so much ? 
  it seems absurd for you to get so offended by it . 
  as for an immigration system that is neutral as to destination of origin , this strikes me as entirely sensible and ethical . 
  when they call an immigration policy that is neutral as to nationality `` racist '' and prefer a policy that favours some nations over others , you kind of know that they have lost the argument completely . 
  they 're just trying to shut down discussion . 
   yes , india is so totally culturally similar to great britain , much more so than any country on the european continent . 
  you 're arguing with a strawman . 
  this is what farage said : '' * i have to confess i do have a slight preference . 
  i do think , naturally , that people from india and australia are in some ways more likely to speak english , understand common law and have a connection with this country than some people that come perhaps from countries that have n't fully recovered from being behind the iron curtain * '' it seems odd for you to be so butthurt by this relatively innocuous statement . 
  ukip 's policy is for the uk to be neutral with regards to immigration policy , and in my mind that makes total sense . 
   what extraordinary bullshit . 
  he 's evoking your ruined empire and that 's why you fall for it . 
  this has about as much contribution to a discussion as people who evoke nazi germany in an internet discussion about german policy . 
  it is designed to antagonise people . 
  please refrain from doing it . 
   poles are far more welcome than indians why ? 
   all eastern eu member nations have a lot more english speakers as a % of their population than india and understanding common law is n't difficult , it 's just grasping at straws . 
  he was asked his own personal opinion over which nationals he would prefer as immigrants . 
  presumably you have a personal opinion over which nationals you prefer as immigrants to your country ? 
  i do n't know why you think having an opinion on this subject is grasping at straws . 
   indians to have closer culture than east europeans ? 
  they were under british rule , but to say that their culture is closer to british than european , quite a leap do you think culture should be a factor in immigration policy at all ? 
  personally , i do n't think it should be . 
  i think ukip 's immigration policy , which is to be neutral as to country of origin , makes far more sense than the uk 's current immigration policy , which gives priority to some nations rather than others . 
   and indian rape culture what are you talking about ? 
   while we have our fair part of eurosceptics , those who believe in europe do not have secret napoleonian wishes to control europe . 
  we are actually wiling to give up a lot of national sovereignty to ue institutions . 
  i 'm not implying that french people want to control europe . 
   furthermore , the main opposition to the expansion of europe toward the east was more about the fear of expanding too fast and to complicate even more the development of our institutions . 
  i did n't comment on the motivation for french opposition towards expansion eastwards . 
  i commented on the consequence of it . 
   also , the growth of fn should n't be seen as a simply xenophobic movement too . 
  a lot of their electorate is just tired to have the same two parties dominating our political life for decades now . 
  i did n't argue that the growth of the fn should be seen as a xenophobic movement . 
   i have to disagree a bit here , the euro has been the single biggest political failure of the eu . 
  i agree with you and perhaps i did n't word by post correctly . 
  i 'm not religiously opposed to the idea of a single currency . 
  correctly implemented , the euro would have been successful . 
  however , the euro was not correctly implemented and it is currently structurally flawed . 
  for it to work it needs to be reformed so that there is a single finance ministry for the eurozone with more power , more fiscal transfers and for the ecb to have a wider mandate . 
  the things blocking this are political factors and thus ultimately it has been a political failure . 
  however , i disagree with you about devaluations necessarily being a bad thing . 
  to the extent that economies perform in different ways , currency fluctuations are necessary : look at the way the pound fluctuates against the euro : this represents the underlying truth that the uk is not economically aligned with the eurozone and the uk has different economic performances and different monetary policy . 
  this is why nobody in the eurozone minds that the euro has fallen in value against the swiss franc or the usd . 
  they know that currency fluctuations are necessary . 
   looking at young french people it is clear they are increasingly becoming exactly what a european citizen should be : open-minded , tolerant and willing to listen and occasionally take the back seat if necessary . 
  britain and germany are struggling to come round to the same realisations and that is a far bigger thread to the eu . 
  i 'm not sure if there is any evidence that french young people are really any more tolerant , open-minded or willing to listen than their german or british counterparts . 
  unfortunately there is evidence that french young people are more likely to be unemployed than their german or british counterparts and they are also voting for the fn in increasing numbers . 
  and this is really why we need look at france closely . 
   in my opinion everybody at least familiar with the way the eu works knows that the one country you should really take a closer look at with regards to the future of the union is not greece , spain or even the uk , but france . 
  i agree : the future of the eu is all about france . 
  the eu can cope with a brexit and arguably a brexit might actually be good for the eu . 
  the eu can cope with a grexit and although that would be very messy it could also be the event which causes the eu to become realistic about what a single currency actually involves . 
  when the french get eusceptic , it is game-over . 
  these are the current interesting things going on in france with respect to eu politics in my mind : - france liked the idea of the eu when they thought the eu would be a bigger france . 
  they are starting to see that the eu in many ways is a bigger germany and this hurts . 
  - france is culturally statist , dirigiste and protectionist . 
  ironically , the most impressive visible achievement of the eu - the single market , has been pushed most agressively by the uk . 
  - the french never really liked the idea of expansion into eastern europe , again , this idea was very much driven by the uk . 
  expansion into former warsaw pact and former ussr moved the geographic and cultural centre of the eu away from france and into germany . 
  almost nobody from these countries speaks french : they are much more likely to speak english , russian or german . 
  - the project that the french pushed more than anyone else was the euro and that has been the single biggest failure of the eu . 
  the french insisted on the euro as a price for german unification : it is ironic that the euro ended up being the new dm with the ecb based in frankfurt and a mandate reflecting the mandate of the bundesbank . 
  it is ironic that the euro has worked well for germany , but as the french economy decouples from the german economy , with far higher unemployment and far lower growth , the french are increasingly falling out of love with the euro . 
  - increasingly mainstream politicians in france are criticising schengen . 
  the french are not happy about roma communities living in france and they are not happy about migrant camps in calais . 
  the french increasingly link these things to schengen .
