  not quite . 
  as the open europe report which you have read makes clear , this would depend on the nature of the fta and the extent to which financial services or other goods are covered in it , a subject for negotiation . 
  the ttip is going to give the usa access to eu markets . 
   those issues have to do with how the eurozone was established , and are not to do with the eu per se . 
  that 's a whole other massive debate until the eurozone fixes the crisis , it will weaken the eurozone 's hand . 
  five years on , the crisis is nowhere near being fixed . 
  in my view , it can not be fixed until it accepts that a monetary union necessitates a transfer and fiscal union . 
  this will cause a political crisis . 
  the brexit debate is not completely separate from this . 
  the brexit question is coming at a time that the eu already needs to change . 
  the uk should seize the moment . 
   that 's a natural consequence of globalisation . 
  in fact , you could probably pick any other eu member state , especially the ones with older memberships , and find exactly the same thing at play . 
  one interesting factoid is that the uk is the eu country with the smallest share of its international trade being within the eu . 
  i agree that globalisation impacts all of us , but to me this is a further reason to leave a regional trade block . 
   the uk has economic relationships with countries outside the uk what are partially dependent on the uk 's status as an actual eu member . 
  norway and switzerland have no such economic relationships . 
  another interesting factoid is that both norway and switzerland do more trade with the eu , relatively , than the uk does . 
  there is some trade that the uk has that involves access to the single market , but none that relates to being an eu member . 
   flow each way is pretty much equal . 
  iirc , the number of eu citizens in the uk is n't that far off the number of uk citizens based elsewhere in the eu . 
  the reason for that mobility is largely because the freedom of movement . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , that movement of people with drop quite considerably . 
  and many of the expats will have to go home . 
  no , i think immigration from the reu to the uk is considerably higher than the reverse . 
  also , the nature of the immigration is very different . 
  people move to the uk to work !, 
  brits move to the reu for the weather and to retire . 
  i 'm not sure why you think any expats will have to go home . 
  are france , spain and ireland ( the main destination within the eu of brits ) going to expel people ? 
  i do n't see it . 
   sure , but if the cta exists , that complicates freedom of movement with regards to eu citizens living within ireland 's borders . 
  effectively , we 'd have to re-establish border controls within the cta , which is something of a bizarre situation for something like that . 
  no , the cta could remain as is , unless ireland decides to join schengen . 
  any eu nationals based in ireland could travel to the uk visa free . 
  they just might not have the right to work in the uk or live in the uk . 
  that 's what freedom of movement is about : working , not crossing borders . 
   if uk citizens can no longer freely travel within the eu , that 's a form of marginalisation . 
  if foreign businesses are less likely to invest in the uk because it no longer gives them a foothold in the eu , that 's form of marginalisation . 
  if the uk has to abide by much of eu law , but has no say in it because they 've gone from being eu members to eea/efta members , that 's a form of marginalisation . 
  none of these things strike me as very bad actually !, 
   selfish actions are actions performed without considering the consequences for others . 
  from an irish perspective , the uk leaving the eu is a selfish act because if does n't consider the difficult position it puts us in . 
  now , it is indeed the uk 's prerogative to do what 's in the uk 's interests , but that does n't stop them from being selfish . 
  ireland wo n't be in a difficult position . 
  as you already mentioned , you think that ireland would gain from fdi , that might have otherwise gone to the uk . 
  the uk would be keen to keep trading freely with ireland . 
  if ireland , as part of the eu , puts up trade barriers , then that would be the eu and ireland being selfish , not the uk . 
  the uk certainly is not the one that wants barriers . 
  we want to keep trading freely with you . 
  we love you guys !, 
  hopefully you also want free trade too . 
  this really surprises me . 
  i am going to ask some civil lawyer friends to explain to me about this . 
  in common law systems , i suppose there is a strong idea that the law is for everyone ( jury trials etc ) and that judges make law ( therefore the public must know what judges say ) so perhaps that is where the difference orgininated . 
  i noticed that serious french press ( e.g. 
  le figaro ) , spanish press ( el pais ) and italian press ( corriere della sera ) all gave the full name , so perhaps the cultural difference is one specific to germany , rather than one specific to the uk . 
  however , perhaps they gave his full name in the knowledge that he was a german , not a citizen of their own country . 
  the article on open justice in wikipedia argues that it is a common law concept primarily . 
  i knew it was a fundamental principle of the common law , but did not know that it was not also fundamental to most civil law jurisdictions in the same way . 
   maybe he does n't - and even that i find debatable - but his family surely does . 
  his family 's expectation of privacy has to be weighed against the wider public interest of transparency . 
  his family 's names should not be revealed by the investigation . 
  however , his family ca n't really expect that his name is not revealed by the investigation . 
  generally , the names of mass murderers and rapists are always revealed . 
  it sucks to be their family , but their expectation of privacy does not trump revealing the names of people . 
   free press has about as much to do with releasing his name as some vague concept of justice does . 
  you 're just throwing around buzzwords without meaning . 
  justice and transparency are no more vague than privacy is . 
  these words are entirely appropriate nder the circumstances . 
  a criminal act has taken place . 
  multiple people have died . 
  a transparent investigation is essential . 
   as you usually do . 
  either you can be polite or there is really no point us discussing . 
  are you interested in discussing this seriously ? 
  i suspect not , otherwise you would not write stuff like :  i guess privacy is not a good enough reason for you . 
  have fun in your panopticon . 
  privacy is a consideration , but it does not in general trump the requirement for open and transparent justice or generally the need for a free press . 
  in this case , the co-pilot has no reasonable expectation of privacy . 
  i noticed that i just got a downvote . 
  did you downvote me ? 
  i am assuming you did n't as i am sure you know this breaches rediquette . 
   and this has to be known to the public at the beginning of the investigation why ? 
  it is to be known by the public because it is a fact in an incident with huge impact and significance . 
  facts should only be withheld from the public if there is a specific and strong reason for them not be released and there is no such reason here . 
   in this case , they ( and everybody else now ) already have all this information . 
  there is absolutely no reason to release his name at all , only a gross misconception on your part what justice actually is . 
  investigations that are conducted publicly , with prompt release of key facts , reduceds any investigatory impropriety , the chances of a mistake and helps preserve the confidence of the public in the investigation . 
   exactly why would his name be relevant ? 
  an investigation needs to now take place into what caused him to do this thing . 
  there might be relevant information that someone has , who knows his name but would not otherwise know that he was the subject of the investigation . 
  the release of his name may therefore help the investigation . 
  separately , if his name is not released , the families of the victrims may be more likely to think that they are not being told the whole truth about what happened and this is unfortunate for them . 
  thanks . 
  i am sure i can learn german if i need to . 
  ;-) i am not sure if it is really a job i want though . 
  also , the value of my salary compared to pounds went down by a large amount . 
  these are relevant considerations for me that are bigger than the german language ... 
   there is no rational argument for taking away democratic influence ( even if you believe it 's low , it 's there ) , implementing just about everything , keeping all the regulations , and not being able to gain control of immigration .
