  earlier , you wrote :  i think these numbers are indicative of a problem , not with muslims , but with extremists . 
  it sounds like what you meant was :  i think these numbers are indicative of a problem , not with all muslims , but with muslim extremists . 
   if we 're going to solve this problem by blaming the entire muslim community , you 're not going to solve it . 
  you 're going to make it worse . 
  it is n't about blaming the entire muslim community and nothing in what i have written suggests that this is my view . 
  it is about recognising that the problem is within the muslim community and that the best way of solving the problem might well be within the muslim community too . 
  unless you have a better solution , in which case i am all ears . 
   what you 're saying is : 89 % of british muslims do not agree with the statement that organisations which publish images of the prophet mohammed deserve to be attacked . 
  it is n't me saying something . 
  it is a survey saying something . 
  ( by the way , the survey did not say that 89 % if british muslims do not agree with the statement that organisations which publish imaghes of the prophet mohammed deserve to be attacked , the figure the survey gave was 85 % . ), 
   i think these numbers are indicative of a problem , not with muslims , but with extremists . 
  i really do n't mind what word you use . 
  i am happy to use the word `` extremist '' if that makes you happy . 
  in my mind it seems odd to claim that these extremists are not muslims if they self-identify as muslims . 
  ultimately changing the word does not change the problem though . 
  it takes us nowhere nearer to solving it . 
  it does n't make the problem go away . 
   that 's ... eugenistic . 
  every single country in the world has a policies in place which impact fertility , including maternity legislation , child benefit payments and so forth . 
  discussing what these policies should be is not eugenistic . 
  it is already part of the business of government . 
  [ unfortunately recent data has showed some very worrying indicators about the extent to which muslims in britain share in this civic nationalism . 
  ] ( http://www.comres.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/bbc-today-programme_british-muslims-poll_final-tables_feb2015.pdf ) for example : - 11 % of british muslims agree with the statement that oganisations which publish images of the prophet mohammed deserve to be attacked ; - 24 % of british muslims disagree with the statement that acts of violence against those who publish images of the prophet mohammed can never be justified - 17 % of british muslims agreed that it is appropriate for muslims who convert to other religions to be cut off from their family i think these numbers are indicative of a problem and i am not sure if the uk has any idea how to go about tackling this problem . 
  no , i thought he was referring to europe . 
  it was obvious that you were referring to the eu , but i am not sure why you thought the op was referring to the eu . 
   actually , the best welfare states are outside of europe . 
  so is the best quality of life and life expectancy and crime . 
  looking at you , norway , switzerland and iceland . 
  i think you might need to check a map of europe ... 
   and the uk that 's facing another budget cut the coming years ? 
  it is n't certain that the uk is facing a cut to its military budget . 
  a lot of the conservative party want to keep it at 2 % of gdp . 
  ukip also want this . 
  yes , ireland is in a very different position from greece , portugal , spain for many reasons . 
  the uk has had some austerity , reducing the budget deficit from 11 to 5 % of gdp . 
  britain did some austerity , but not as much as the eurozone . 
  ireland also trades a lot with the usa as well as the uk . 
  ireland 's crisis was a banking crisis not a competitiveness crisis . 
  ireland 's unit labour costs are competitive with germany 's . 
   anyway , no not indefinitely , like i said above i think change should be pursued at the fastest possible pace and yes , i am frustrated with the rest of the eurozone for continuing to scapegoat greece exclusively , while avoiding internal eurozone reform . 
  but no , that does n't mean i 'm willing to blow the whole system up because it 's not moving my way as fast as i 'd like it . 
  i totally agree with you that the eurozone , in order to be successful , needs to radically reform at a fast pace . 
  i also think that the rest of the eurozone has been very wrong to scapegoat greece and hence i understand your frustration completely . 
  i just think that the political situation is not moving in greece 's direction at all , if anything it is moving in the opposite direction . 
  it is good to be hopeful , but i think hope should be based on evidence . 
  and should also be realistic . 
  [ eurostat gives malta 0.8 % growth for that quarter ] ( http://imgur.com/z4oycob ) , but perhaps the ft overlooked them ... 
  anyway , it does seem that the greek economy was finally growing in 2014 , but i suspect that with syriza all that is now history and we 're now in a very different chapter . 
   when i said that things ca n't go on like this much longer , you thought i meant that things should go on like this indefinitely ? 
  no , i thought it meant that you wanted things to change . 
  hence my question , how much longer are you prepared to wait for . 
  i 'm genuniely curious about this : if no better deal for greece comes , how much longer are you prepared to wait for ? 
   there were elections in greece , the parties that got the highest percentages are in power , those parties are , by and large , sticking to their electoral promises . 
  so you agree with me that syriza 's electoral platform was a lie , but you think that is irrelevant to democracy in greece ? 
  [ you think that syriza are by and large sticking to their elecoral promises ? 
  ] ( http://links.org.au/node/4209 ) i do n't see it . 
   greece does n't need to leave the euro to make sure of that . 
  it needs to continue pleading its case , cultivate better working relationships and negotiate a better deal . 
  i 'm just wondering what the plan is if greece does n't get a better deal . 
  what if the voters of other eurozone countries do n't want that ? 
  eurostat gives greek economic growth for 2014 as 0.7 , 0.3 , 0.7 and -0.4 quarter-on-quarter gdp growth , without greece being the leading eurozone grower in any of these quarters . 
  the -0.4 figure for q4 is very worrying . 
  i guess the prospect of syriza worried business . 
  i wonder if greece will be back in recession once q1 figures for 2015 are announced . 
   like buffett said , in order for that to happen , the eurozone countries have to run convergent policies and you ca n't have outliers like greece . 
  the tax payers of rich countries are not going to accept fiscal transfers to countries where it would pay for tax dodging , corruption and over sized public sector and benefits . 
  greece exiting would bring it closer to the realm of possibility . 
  unfortunately greece is not the only eurozone country which suffers from corruption and so forth . 
  i 'm not sure which countries the taxpayers of the rich countries are going to accept fiscal transfers to at this stage , but i suspect that it is not just greece that is seen as a problem . 
  and greece exiting would not be pretty . 
  there would be massive political risk connected with it . 
  the public sector purchase programme has been active for three weeks , but the other non-standard monetary policy measures ( e.g. 
  asset backed securities purchase programme and covered bond purchase programme have been around for several months ) . 
  i think , as you say , we need to wait for a few months before we judge it . 
  they being ireland , rather than greece i take it ? 
  i think everyone is optimistic about the irish economy and i ca n't see any reason for the irish economy not to continue to do well . 
  greece is another matter ... 
   i mean , it 's nice that you 're offering to kick us out for our own good and i really do appreciate it , but do n't worry : we are capable of making our own decisions . 
  i 'm really not offering to kick you out . 
  i 'm just noting that earlier you said '' [ * obviously things ca n't go on the way they are much longer ... * ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3125g6/no_bad_thing_if_greece_leaves_euro_warren_buffett/cpxvj8e ) which made me question how much longer you would accept the status quo . 
  on questioning , it seems like you are prepared to accept it indefinitely . 
   there are plenty of people in greece that believe the same . 
  indeed , although i do n't agree that austerity works , i think greece has a better shot with austerity and inside the euro than it does without and outside . 
  in that case all i can say is welcome to permanent austerity . 
  if greeks accept permanent austerity ( and the reality that comes with this ) , then that is what they will get . 
  it seems something of a shame for greek democracy , when the explicit electoral platform of syriza was an end to austerity and syriza won a massive majority . 
  but i suppose syriza 's electoral platform was a lie . 
  if being in the eurozone is so important to you that you will accept austerity even though you do n't agree that it works , then do n't be surprised if austerity is what you get !, 
   you would need to change our constitution for it , and i do not see the ( qualified ) majority for this at the moment . 
  i agree with you , there is n't the political will for it . 
  this is kind of my point . 
  it is economically necessary for the eurozone to be successful to create a real transfer union . 
  but it is not politically possible . 
  i just ca n't see a solution to this !, 
  maybe things will change ? 
  if anything , positions seem to be hardening , not softening . 
   and even if germany were to agree to this , proud nations like france or the uk will not give in to any of that in the forseeable future . 
  the uk is not the problem here . 
  the uk will not be part of this , but that does n't really matter because the uk is not in the eurozone and will never join it .
