   you 've also begged the question of how to decide on any regulations that could be equivalent -- surely that 'd need some democratic legitimisation , not just back room negotiations between unelected technocrats . 
  i think we can get round this simply by being liberal and respecting each other 's democracies . 
  i think the uk could simply say that all eu regulation is equivalent to uk regulation . 
  anything that can legally be sold in the eu can also legally be sold in the uk . 
  there are large parts of the tory party that want this approach and it is definitely what i would want . 
   yeah , i know , but there 's no wall being built here . 
  there will always be barriers around markets , and you were the ones who decided to leave . 
  voting to leave is not the same as building a wall in my view . 
  uk has been clear that the only wall it is putting up is a free movement of workers wall . 
  the extent to which other walls goes up , is a question for the eu . 
  the amount of barriers you have around your market is a political question : there can be more or fewer depending on your attitude to free trade and how open you want your markets to be . 
  i am tempted , but i think that there would be risks for social cohesion . 
   if barriers for food production were to disappear , comparative advantage would ensure for food production , especially for staple foods , to be produced in a limited number of places where mass production benefits could be leveraged most efficiently . 
  have you met the french ? 
  food production barriers will not disappear . 
  just because the uk does something , that does not mean the eu will or even should . 
  i actually was in bruges on saturday which i enjoyed despite the weather . 
   it 's an insurance policy against disrupted food supply and puts the enforcement of the food standards in our own hands . 
  is the price too high ? 
  that 's a matter of risk management preferences . ], 
  it is essentially a political preference i agree . 
  there are costs to reducing tariffs ( your own farmers get annoyed etc , luckily we have few of these ) and there are benefits to reducing tariffs ( quicker comprehensive ftas with african countries etc ) . 
  i strongly think that the benefits outweigh the costs . 
   similarly , you want uk producers to have to comply with specific testing and accreditation rather than being an eu member so they can skip that step . 
  this is not my want . 
  this is what the eu wants . 
   absolutely true but the country is n't split into poor and rich it is not completely split , but the eu referendum was certainly a case in which rich and poor people tended to vote in different ways . 
  and unfortunately the rich and the poor are living increasingly separate lives . 
  as someone heavily involved in the campaign i met people who did not know anyone that was voting remain . 
  and also i met people that did not know anyone ( other than me ) who was voting leave . 
  i completely agree that we should improve education for as much as possible of the population . 
   so , considering everyone else has subsidies , you 'll end up being controlled by the us or china . 
  new zealand does not have subsidies . 
  also , you have to explain how not subsidising food means being controlled by usa or china . 
   giving up control of food is like replacing your government with marionettes , it completely removes any sovereignty you might have had . 
  we gave up control of food more than 200 years ago . 
  since then , nobody has cared or noticed . 
   you are not the moderator , you feel free to contact them but you do not spell out what constitutes abuse . 
  the moderators agreed with me that your posts were abusive , which is why they deleted your posts . 
   what makes you think ` poor people ' know what is good for them out of interest ? 
  rich people tend not to have the same concerns as poor people . 
  most people vote for self-interest reasons . 
  it is generally the poor that know their concerns better than the rich . 
  being educated does not make you a better decision maker . 
  ( personally i think that educated people are more subject to bias and group think than poor people . 
  dominic cummings , director of vote leave wrote a great blog on this . ), 
   just leave me the bloody hell alone if you do n't want anyone to disagree with you . 
  i am afraid the rules of the sub apply to you too . 
  if you are abusive , your comments will be deleted . 
  the rules are there for a reason . 
  i hope you understand this . 
  if you want to be abusive , then maybe / r/europe is not the right place for you to post . 
   that 's just `` then let them eat cake '' rephrased ... no , i am simply pointing out that there is no one country that owns the entire food production , which was the specific risk you mentioned . 
  i believe in considering real risks , not fake risks . 
   you never want to let an adversary control a plurality of your basic food production . 
  the uk is not doing this . 
  uk , by removing tariffs , will simply let the markets decide where we buy our food . 
   if you think unsourced `` nope that dont real '' to every fact given is valuable then trying to ban anyone who disagrees is valuable then fair enough . 
  my comments are more valuable than your abusive comments made to me which breach the rules and have now kindly been deleted by the moderators . 
  read your own link carefully . 
  it says that people believed that the uk gives 350m to the eu . 
  it does not say that they thought that voting to leave would mean that money would go to the nhs . 
   until you have to go to war with the country owning the entire food production , and you 're fucked . 
  given that there is n't a country that owns the entire food production , this seems like a risk that we can safely ignore . 
   however leave was propped up quite clearly by huge swathes of voters voting without any idea of what they where voting for . 
  leave was propped up by poor people . 
  i think we can trust poor people to know what is good for them . 
  there is something ugly about rich people not liking the way poor people decide . 
   i also know that it can be revoked when regulation is no longer deemed equivalent , which is why i assume the financial services industry would n't want to rely on it . 
  it can ( as currently constructed ) be revoked at any moment , and that is one of the weaknesses of it . 
  this is why most lobbyists in the uk who are calling for this model are calling for it to be included within a fta in which uk/eu commit to trying to maintain equivalence and both commit to global standards , have various mechanisms whereby equivalence decisions can not be made without notice , allowing people impacted by equivalence decisions to challenge them in courts etc. 
  obviously , the eu might not accept this . 
  however , i think even in this circumstance , the uk has various options . 
  [ some of us lawyers have already found various loopholes ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/5ceb8606-e8af-11e6-967b-c88452263daf ) and in any case , just because the eu does not consider the uk to be equivalent , the uk can still ( and should ) unilaterally decide to consider the eu to be equivalent . 
  from the uk 's perspective , it is clear that the uk being in control of financial services regulation is more important than maintaining passporting . 
  the other reason why equivalence is important for the uk is that it allows the uk to make equivalence decisions about the rest of the world ( and realistically will be able to do this quicker than the eu does it ) . 
  in my mind this will be good for the uk 's financial services sector . 
   i believe financial services will move into the eurozone . 
  of course london will remain the by far dominant european financial center ( and yes , i know it 's # 1 globally ) , and therefore getting capital from within the eu will necessarily be more expensive than it would be if london was still part of the market . 
  that is the thing about building walls ( whether they are regulatory walls , tariff walls or walls to stop people coming in ) . 
  in the end , the person that puts up the wall pays for it and mexico just does not pay . 
  however , when you say `` financial services will move to the eurozone '' it is more complex than that . 
  the eu currently does not put heavy restrictions on eu borrowers from borrowing debt and equity from global markets for example ( though some eu member states have their own rules ) . 
  this means that even when the uk leaves the eu , it is likely that eu corporates will still access london 's capital markets . 
  exactly which services move is therefore a bit uncertain . 
   how those regulations are decided ( and enforced ) that needs to be answered , and any conceivable answer to that question would be quite unpopular in the uk ( or the eu -- think ttip ) . 
  i think the enforcement of regulations for goods via isdss ( as happens in any serious fta ) would be okay politically in the uk and in any case the tories will have a parliamentary majority and just force them through . 
  i can see people being annoyed on the internet and i can see some left wing people going on protest marches , but i do n't call that unpopular . 
   there goes food security uk stopped being food secure in the 1760s . 
  even after ww2 ( with hitler blockading the uk ) we did not think it made sense to become food secure . 
  it is free trade and liberal democracy that protects people from hunger . 
  as for cultural landscape , that is a totally separate question and again , it is a political question over what we spend money on . 
  i think a cultural landscape can be maintained well without there being tariffs and subsidies on agriculture . 
   if your sister does n't know what the vote means , then what is the point in voting ? 
  we do n't have a concept of giving votes to other people in the uk ( and that idea is very open to fraud and corruption ) . 
  she has some knowledge of what voting means , but limited . 
  but it is important for her to feel that she participates in civil society and voting is part of this . 
   tl ; dr : charles sucks , long live the queen this is exactly what i think . 
  let 's hope the queen stays around for many more years and without wishing charles to die young , let 's hope will and kate are on the throne soon after the queen dies ... 
   i 'm not coming here to have my opinions confirmed .
