  that 's the point i 've been trying to get across . 
  this is absurd as saying that when i buy a book from amazon , they benefit more than me . 
  i do n't really care how much they benefit . 
  i care about me benefitting . 
  separately , the idea that large economies screw over small economies when it comes to trade deals strikes me as completely unfounded . 
  did the eu screw over south korea with the fta ? 
  did the eu screw over canadia ? 
   everyone wants in on the chinese markets . 
  the swiss just had to pay more because they knew that was the best deal they are going to get . 
  so , it sounds like they will benefit . 
   i suppose if you really want to go swiss you 'll have to compete with the swiss for being swiss enough . 
  uk wo n't go full swiss . 
  uk is not a neutral country , it is nato and nuclear . 
  the uk does n't need or want a banking system like switzerland . 
  the uk already has the london , the most important financial centre in the world , without switzerland 's banking system . 
   this trade deal is not really that good for switzerland , it 's not going to make them much better off . 
  they were already well off before that . 
  why did they do it then ? 
  they were n't forced . 
   now i see what you 're able to make a point without resorting to hate speech . 
  let 's keep it that way . 
  thank you . 
  this is an inappropriate post from a moderator . 
  by all means delete hate speech and ban repeat offenders , but no need to write this kind of stuff . 
   she does n't even speak the language . 
  / u/falconberger can translate his apartment 's constitution into lizardish , which will help her assimilate . 
  in general terms , the czech republic . 
  in specific terms , your apartment . 
  you get to look after her . 
  yes , this is also something that pisses me off hugely . 
  it contains an implicit assumption that russia is somehow entitled to a sphere of influence beyond its borders and it also undermines and is disrespectful of the sovereignty , self-determination and democracy of lithuania . 
  nothing makes me angrier than lefty wealthy brits , drinking their champagne from the comfort of north london , being nostalgic and regretting the fall of the ussr . 
  any link ? 
  do you have a citation on investment ? 
  thanks, 
  actually the uk economy was bigger than its pre-crisis peak in q2 2013 . 
  currently it is 5,9 % larger . 
  poor switzerland . 
  they are more prosperous , democratic , peaceful and liberal than the rest of the world . 
  they have an incredible economy . 
  i do n't know why you feel sorry for them , they have an incredible country . 
  i am sure their big businesses will do very well from this fta . 
  once the uk leave the eu , the uk can do something similar . 
  there are brakes on immigration to the uk . 
  the uk controls its borders and it can do this more easily than most countries because of geography . 
  my understanding is that swiss people got a good deal with china which swiss people like . 
  uk and ireland are lower than most of europe where it is 14 or thereabouts . 
  the uk ideally would not automatically give better rights to europeans than africans . 
  the uk should look at skills . 
  unfortunately , in the eu the uk has to abide by free movement , which means that all eu workers have the right to work in the uk . 
  it is not a fact . 
  lots of economic migrants would come to the uk if the uk wanted them . 
  this is up to the uk . 
   which is why i mentioned only france . 
  i 'm not following . 
  if an african migrant wants to move to the uk and meets the uk 's immigration criteria , france is not going to be involved . 
   writing does not make it so , which is why i 'm not relying on my writing to prove that it is so . 
  ukip are fascists . 
  you have not proved it . 
   unless , of course , we were to effect eu policy by engaging with it instead of running away from it seeing as we are , after all , one of the largest and most prominent member states . 
  it is not possible to negotiate on free movement of workers within the eu . 
   as we have discussed earlier , it 'll all depend more heavily upon how much and how many immigrants want to go to britain and how gracious france will be to the uk after . 
  there is unlikely to be a shortage of immigrants wanting to go to the uk . 
  the french/uk border agreements are not part of the eu framework . 
  hopefully the uk will have left the eu by the time of the next eu elections , but if the uk has n't this proposal :  among other innovations , the draft resolution proposes to place the names and the logos of the european political parties on the ballot papers and on posters and other electoral materials in order to improve the visibility of the eu political parties . 
  will give a big boost to eusceptic parties . 
   obviously , trucidator is the patron saint of brexit here i think , though , my proposed immigration policy is a better one than the uk 's current immigration policy . 
  ( this is one of the advantages of a brexit . ), 
   you mean after leaving the eu , right ? 
  yes , of course . 
  inside the eu we are not able to have this policy . 
   if social cohesion is a factor , then they could not be neutral to immigrant origins . 
  similar people assimilate better and lead to greater social cohesion . 
  origins are not conclusive as to the ability to assimilate . 
  they are a factor , but not a conclusive one . 
  i thought central europe was all the rage these days , not western europe ? 
   love the statistics on portugal likely disregarding the massive exodus . 
  this is one of the reasons why i prefer statistics on total number of employed people rather unemployment percentages . 
  i think the former is generally a better indication of what is happening in an economy . 
  personally i do n't think the uk should favour economic migrants from continental europe over economic migrants from africa . 
  the uk should consider , in its immigration policy : - the needs of the uk economy , - the impact on all sectors of society , - the impact on social cohesion , - the impact on infrastructure and housing . 
  the uk should be neutral as to the origin of the economic migrant . 
  noted , thanks very much, 
   germany 's population is even lower than in 1995 . 
  a german on here ( do n't recall which ) recently looked up the figures for me and it seemed that the population was slightly higher ... 
  i 'm not going to argue it though !, 
   is it building 10,000 houses a day ? 
  good luck germany . 
  germany does n't face a housing shortage in quite the same way as the uk does . 
  germany 's population now is not significantly bigger than it was in 1995 ( unlike the uk 's population , which has increased by a lot in the same timeframe ) . 
   so by extension , very good news for the scottish independence camp ? 
  there has n't been any polling that i have seen that indicates that scottish people will be more likely to want independence if the uk leaves the eu . 
  however , if you have seen any i would be interested in it . 
   wanting to leave the eu is not fascist . 
  ukip are fascists , who also want to leave the eu . 
  happily , they are alone in this . 
  ukip are not fascists . 
  just writing it does not make it so . 
  no serious political commentators have described ukip as fascist . 
  you should read their general election manifesto .
