  it is impossible to predict all developments here , but there will be a lot of sabre-rattling and there is no point the uk even doing this if cameron is not clear that there is a chance that the uk could leave . 
  you never negotiate with anyone if they already know you will agree to their terms , whatever they are . 
   interesting . 
  i wonder what kind of precedent that would set if other countries decide that they too want a special deal and threaten with leaving . 
  to be honest i do n't see any other countries doing that right now . 
  none of the other members seem to be a special snowflake . 
   what / u/truicidator is talking about is fantasy that has exactly zero chance of occurring . 
  i 've not mentioned a special deal on free movement . 
  i 'm just talking about what jean-claude juncker is talking about and his stated aim of achieving `` a deal that accepts the specificities of the uk in the eu , while allowing the eurozone to integrate further '' . 
  this is an explicit recognition of the uk being a special snowflake . 
  obviously , the reu would be prepared to give the uk something to keep it in , just like it was prepared for the uk to opt out of the euro , schengen , the fiscal compact , get the rebate etc. 
  obviously , the details of any new agreement are to be negotiated . 
  however , i do agree with you that the chance of the reu and the uk agreeing a mutually acceptable deal are very unlikely , which is why my strong preference is for a brexit as soon as possible . 
   economic and diplomatic attacks backed by subversive actions will be much more common . 
  this is true , however , membership of the eu is not , of itself , conclusive as to a country 's attitude in dealing with russian subversion . 
  for example , norway , usa and japan have all sanctioned russia in similar fashion to the eu as a result of russia . 
  if the uk were to leave the eu , i am sure that the uk would continue to apply sanctions to russia too . 
  whereas hungary ...  but we do n't have that luxury . 
  by `` we '' i am assuming you are talking about romania , rather than scotland ? 
  if so , i agree . 
  romania 's situation vis-a-vis russia is a whole lot different from an iceland or a scotland ... 
  iceland is a member of nato though . 
  they are part of our defence shield . 
   because , in my opinion , cherry-picking of policies and ` special snowflake ' treatment ( so to say ) has no place in this union . 
  [ jean-claude juncker 's view is that the uk is a special snowflake . 
  ] ( http://juncker.epp.eu/my-priorities ) he thinks that because the uk is a special snowflake , the uk should get special treatment . 
   it seems like the uk would rather abandon ship than actualy engage in a constructive dialogue and work together to improve the eu . 
  there are costs and benefits to being in the eu . 
  if ( as i believe ) there is negligible chance of the uk succeeding in reforming the eu so that the benefits outweigh the costs , obviously it makes sense for the uk to abandon the eu . 
   that said i could see us being denied the trade privileges on the grounds the eu dislikes being told to fuck off . 
  they 're not going to like it when we tell them to fuck off , i agree . 
  however , it will cause them to have the biggest existential crisis they have ever had . 
  the views of different member states as to the british question and the nature of the new relationship with the uk will vary among different eu institutions and nations . 
  the eu 's inherently difficult decision making process and institutional inertia makes me think that a trade agreement will be possible . 
  however , those of us who want brexit must be prepared to leave under any terms at all , otherwise we will lose the argument . 
   do you seriously think france belongs with the most eurosceptic members of the union ? 
  it did n't in 2008 . 
  we 're now in 2014 . 
   oh boy , we live in interesting times . 
  yes , it does seem as if the post-ww2 trend of further integration in europe has ended . 
  history turns out not to be finished . 
  what is the view among your french friends on the brexit question ? 
  the number of euphile opinions are not smaller . 
  just fewer people choose to go for them . 
  also , euphile opinions are not randomly distributed , they are predominant among newspapers taking a centre-left editorial line , whereas eusceptic views are predominant among newspapers thing a centre-right editorial line . 
  even if many people do not choose newspapers specifically for their eu views , they do for their editorial line generally . 
  the eusceptic press have views that are more aligned to the views of the british public generally , and also in relation to the eu . 
  i do n't think anyone does select media at random . 
  people get news on the internet or at a newsagent and at each of these there are euphile options available . 
  the public buy newspapers for a whole range of reasons , of which editorial lines is one . 
  the point i am making is that if you want to find eu friendly press in the uk , you can . 
  there 's also the economist ... 
   a eu without britain will be much more vulnerable to southern incompetence . 
  even with the uk in the eu , the eu is not balanced . 
  that 's why it 's best if the uk leaves . 
  but the fact that distribution is not equal just reflects the preferences of the public . 
  also , my experience of the ft is that it is very strongly euphile ( though some journalists who write for it are somewhat sceptic ) . 
  france , germany ( and obviously the uk ) are all relatively inward looking right now and not able to deal with hungary . 
  that 's how i see it . 
  make sure you leave for the right reasons . 
  i think leaving the uk because you 're sick of the uk will lead you to disappointment . 
  far better to leave the uk because you 're motivated to arrive in germany because you love germany for example . 
  do you call for the uk to keep the same welfare state that it currently has ? 
  while open borders is a nice idea , i do n't think the uk would be able to adapt infrastructure quick enough for the inward flow of immigration . 
  there are people all over the world desperate to be in the uk . 
  there 's no need to rush . 
  there are n't any drawbridges being raised . 
  the uk will continue to have high levels of immigration and emigration once we have left the eu . 
  every single country in the world has limits on immigration . 
  you might not want there to be any limits at all , but you are in a tiny minority . 
  do you want unlimited immigration from europe ( mainly rich and white ) but not from africa ( mainly poor and black ) ? 
  why on earth are you just interested in european trade ? 
  it makes sense to maximise all trading partners . 
  the eu 's share of global gdp is falling each year . 
  the uk needs to maximise trade links with the economies of the future . 
  leaving the eu wo n't be the downfall of the uk . 
  look at the many successful countries in the world not in the eu . 
  be realistic please !, 
  the media is actually divided . 
  the ft , guardian and independent take an euphile line , while the telegraph and times take an eusceptic line . 
  even among the tabloids there is a division of opinion . 
  divided press is in my mind healthy in a democracy . 
  however , you 're right about culture . 
  the uk 's particular history and geography make the uk more eusceptic . 
  the uk 's experience of ww2 in particular was very different from that of france and germany . 
  and just as that memory impacts france and germany now , the uk 's memory impacts it . 
  switzerland and norway both have significantly higher salaries than the uk . 
  there 's no point talking about grocery shopping if you do n't take into account salaries . 
  cost of living wo n't rise . 
  the french are not going to want to stop seeking stuff to us !, 
  there are many countries outside the eu which do n't have a high cost of living . 
  as mentioned to you already , you will still be able to go abroad . 
  i spent time working in japan - they 're not in the eu !, 
  plenty of people from the uk worked overseas before the uk existed . 
  of course ukip are nothing like the nazis . 
  when you start mentioning things like that it shows you are not thinking rationally and have no grasp of history . 
  threat to the country ? 
  they just want to pull out of the eu and control immigration . 
  look at canada and australia !, 
  we 'd be more like them .
