  what would the flag look like ? 
  the difference between our languages is a bit larger than the difference between north and south german , but we can probably work with that ? 
  there might be some english drain czechs , czechs drain english types of arguments , i guess . 
   oh do n't be so obtuse , we run the country and there 's absolutely no way to dispute that . 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  the people that run the country are the elected representatives of the country . 
  the electorate are not just from england . 
  please try not to use words like `` obtuse '' - it is needlessly offensive . 
   there is no obligation , but it 's in the best interests of trade between both nations . 
  it is n't clear that it is in the best interests of trade between both nations . 
  where is your evidence for that ? 
  also , a currency union is more about trade , it is also about the taxpayers of one nation being liable for the debts of systemically important financial institutions of another nation . 
  ideally there should also be fiscal transfers . 
  now it may be that the taxpayers of both nations are happy with that , but they way to find that out is to ask the taxpayers of both nations in a democratic way . 
  there are also huge other risks with a currency union when there is a divergence between the economies as we have seen with the eurozone . 
  the pounzone could be even less stable than the eurozone as ruk and iscotland are moving apart , whereas the nations of the eurozone are meant to be moving together . 
   what you are doing is advocating pettiness because the scotland is showing that being in the uk might not be in it 's best interests , and you 'd like to punish it for it . 
  not really . 
  if iscotland wants independence i will be delighted for them . 
  not offering them a currency union is n't punishing them . 
  they can do fine with their own currency as many nations round the world do . 
  also , note that in the uk people think of their salary per annum rather than per month . 
  i think most of europe thinks of their salary as per month . 
  i first read `` the irish government is installing water melons on every home '' . 
  my tenants are slovaks , a very nice couple in their early 20s ( he is an it consultant , she is in pr , they both earn good money ) . 
  i asked them this question once , in terms , they laughed , thought about it before : - she replied that her primary identity was slovak but that she regarded czechs as cousins rather than foreigners and from this perspective separation really made no difference . 
  - he replied that in some ways the separation was a shame but in some ways it allowed czechs and slovaks to pursue different destinies , but he did n't that much care because london was now his home and he did not think he would ever go back . 
  ok , i thought , these people are n't going to give me `` yes '' / `` no '' answers , it turns out `` it is complicated '' ... 
  this is amateur hour from westminster i 'm afraid . 
  i have never seen such ridiculous hysteria from my country - the country that knew to `` keep calm and carry on '' when faced with its greatest danger . 
  the fact that major politicians in the uk are now suggesting that the way to save the union is to dramatically rewrite the uk 's constitution in a couple of days and a week before scotland votes ( when previously we have measured constitutional change in centuries ) with no consultation with the majority of the uk population is a total embarrassment and a farce . 
  this will not end well : there is no good outcome . 
   `` girl , what do they call it , iran or irak ? '', 
  [ this reminds me of the onion article about the political situation in iraf ... ] ( http://www.theonion.com/video/in-the-know-white-house-announces-everything-is-gr,14169/ ), 
   not saying i agree with that line of thought , but it 's a bit more subtle than `` hurr durr the french are racists who hate americans '' . 
  thanks - i do n't mean to imply that i think hurr durr french are racists and apologies if that is how it came across . 
  i meant to simply imply that statements that can come across as anit-american have a place in normal french public life ( even a minor place ) whereas they do n't have any place in british public life . 
   since a federal europe wo n't happen , the only viable alternative would be to ditch the euro , which could be very costly in the short term but help the country in the long term . 
  and marine le pen is the only sort-of credible party that proposes that . 
  if this is where a lot of french voters currently are , then the eu has much bigger problems than i thought . 
  i am starting to worder if british euscepticism was simply the aperitif , whereas the main meal will be french euscepticism . 
   it 's in the interest of both sides to quickly reach an agreement that is unambiguous and fair . 
  ruk ( i.e. , england ) are acting like bullies . 
  i 'm afraid not entering into a curreny union with a different country is not acting like a bully . 
  if scotland wants to be an independent country ( and i support their choice ) then they need to make their own currency arrangements . 
  obviously , they are totally against joining the euro . 
  there is no obligation of ruk to enter into a currency union with iscotland . 
  also , please do n't confuse ruk with england , please note that the first minister of wales has been clear that there should be no currency union with iscotland . 
   it is their right to change their mind and want to leave it if that 's what they want . 
  and , obviously , it is the right of the rest of the uk not to enter into a currency union with iscotland . 
  [ for the many of us who still struggle with the differences between these countries , this is a helpful resource setting out the crucial differences ] ( http://www.swedennotswitzerland.com/ ) . 
  in the english language switzerland and sweden do sound kinda different , however in some languages ( e.g. 
  italian with svizzera and svezia and spanish with suiza and suecia ) it is a bit more tricky . 
  we do have to pay for it , but it is worth it . 
  scotland are n't anti-nuclear . 
  scotland wants to join nato which is a nuclear alliance . 
  they just want nuclear to be in the rest of the uk and not in scotland , causing massive expense to the rest of the uk . 
  obviously europe needs nuclear , but i think the current situation , in which the uk and france , as responsible and stable liberal democracies in the the community of european nations and western nations , hold the nuclear weapons recognising that to do gives them certain responsibilities towards other nations , functions well already . 
  agreed that it does seem to be scottish labour voters that are turning . 
  but personally i want to see more polls . 
  thanks - my point being that copyright legislation - however imperfect - does not really represent an authoritarian government either in the uk or in germany . 
  interesting that there are snp voters planning on voting no . 
  given that you can opt in or out with a click of a mouse it does n't seem like a firewall to me ... 
   where is germany selling their products to ? 
  china , usa , uk . 
   megashare.info is blocked in the uk but not the us . 
  thanks - it looks like this was blocked by a court order as it breaches certain copyright legislation . 
  presumably every country has copyright legislation ? 
  the person i responded to said that the uk has `` an internet firewall , something you expect to see illiberal regimes , not in western europe '' . 
  a court blocking a website that has breached copyright law does not strike me as an illiberal regime . 
  they are both ump . 
  it will be interesting to see who gets the ump nomination as that person will most likely become president of france . 
  i note that sarkozy has already said he wants to renegotiate schengen - this seems to be something that a lot of french people want . 
  thanks - can you find one site that i ca n't access that you can acess ? 
  ( like not one that is porn please - i do n't want my phone to get an std . ), 
   denmark does it . 
  they can even keep parity with the pound unilaterally if they wish . 
  i do n't see the big problem . 
  obviously they can set up a separate currency that is pegged to the pound and if i were advising them that is what i am advising them to do . 
  however , it does not seem to be their preferred choice . 
  i also do n't see a big problem , however , it has been one of the biggest parts of the debate and is certainly something that scots are taking extremely seriously . 
   last thing i heard is that they avoided taking a specific position to facilitate negotiations . 
  well , apparently the negotiations have started already . 
  they took a specific position of wanting a currency union in the white paper - scotland 's future - that got published a year or so ago . 
  they have not changed from this position since then . 
   in other areas , for example , britain 's almost tyrannical internet policy , with privacy rights that actually manage to be worse than the u.s i 'm not sure i know what you mean here . 
   and an internet firewall which internet sites ca n't be accessed in the uk that can be accessed in your country ? 
  i asked people a few times but there did n't seem to be any examples . 
   there is regularly a wide gulf between what politicians say they will or wo n't do , and what they actually end up doing . 
  scotland is holding plenty with which to negotiate as well i think at this point there wo n't be a currency union . 
  there seems to be no appetite in the rest of the uk for it at all : thus i think it would be electoral suicide for any government that proposed it and it would obviously be something that would be a major part of the next uk general election campaign . 
  the yes scotland campaign have said that they will not pay their share of the uk 's debt if they do n't get a currency union . 
  obviously , if this happens things will get a bit nasty . 
  it would be a bit of a shame if that happens , but it may happen . 
  but i think even scotland refusing to pay their fair share of the debt would not be enough to get the ruk to enter a currency union with iscotland . 
   so why all the outcry then ? 
  it is n't so much outcry , it is more intense interest in the most interesting constitutional development in the uk for arguably more than a century . 
  in terms of world and european history , the uk has also been a big hitter . 
  the uk has been the most stable country in europe ( if we consider the last 300 years ) and the only big country in the world not to have been invaded / have a revolution / have a civil war in the last 300 years . 
  this is one of the reasons why it is n't just brits who are very interested and involved , but many people overseas ( like you ) seem to be emotionally involved too .
