  what did the uk oppose that helped stagnation in france ? 
  as someone who voted ukip in order to increase the liklihood of a brexit ( not because i believe in most of ukip 's platform e.g. 
  on immigration ) this kind of development is the fruit of the ukip vote . 
  the interesting thing is that not only is the parliamentary conservative party united in opposing juncker , but that the labour party and the liberal democrat party have also been forced to publicly say that they do not support juncker and that their meps will vote against him in the ep . 
  effectively the only person in british politics who wants juncker as commission president is farage . 
  we will therefore be left with a situation in which of the 73 british meps , at least 64 of them will vote against juncker in the european parliament ( i 'm not sure how the three green , two scottish nationalist , three northern irish and one plaid cymru meps will vote ) . 
  presumably the labour party and the liberal democrat party have realised that support for juncker would lose them votes . 
  it will be interesting to see how many other meps across the eu oppose juncker : currently it is looking like the uk faction will dominate that block . 
  it is also interesting ( and somewhat surprising ) that opinion polling has showed that by 2:1 voters in the uk believe that even if cameron loses the upcoming battle in ypres over juncker , that cameron will appear strong rather than weak . 
  cameron is likely to get a boost in the polls for voting against juncker , perhaps making re-election more likely in the general election next year . 
  it is also interesting that after a few months of the `` in '' campaign moving ahead in polling , over the last week `` out '' seems to have caught up again , presumably partly because of the juncker situation . 
  it is all to play for still . 
   you would suffer substantial losses from lost opportunities with your biggest trading partner . 
  they will keep trading with us . 
   no it will not . 
  the uk would pay dearly if it left the eu . 
  the uk will be fine . 
  there is the rest of the world out there . 
  yes , hopefully the uk will leave the eu . 
  that will be better for everyone . 
  the uk will not vote for a federal europe . 
  some countries might . 
  people are not going to vote for the new deal you want , so it wo n't happen . 
  this requires treaty change and national referenda which wo n't pass . 
  it 's not about to happen . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about , do you ? 
   so in stead of constantly reminding everyone to leave you should launch a counter campaign that people can relate to . 
  `` a strong eu is an eu with strong nation states '' , `` no to a united states of europe , yes to cooperation '' . 
  i kind of agree with you here . 
  if the uk came up with a single sensible policy option that could be summarised in one clear sentence , then that could be acceptable both to a majority of brits and many continentals , that might have worked . 
  but i think it is now probably too late . 
  also , why is this just the uk 's responsibility ? 
  the uk believes that the dutch , the danes , the swedes and others are similarly opposed to the idea of a use : but somehow it seems to be the uk that gets to be the spokesperson . 
  it would be a major help if the dutch were a little louder at times !, 
   you need to present yourself as the a country that wants to be in europe but not in an use , rather than presenting yourself as a troubled kid that will run away from the house if he does n't get his way . 
  perhaps it is now too late for that . 
  perhaps it now makes sense to be a good neighbour rather than a bad tenant . 
   who knows , maybe you could have changed much more with your skills and brains than possibly previous less skilled people in that job would have . 
  it takes very little to strike a deal in the eu . 
  you need consensus and to present benefits for your allies . 
  the uk could have made up a plan to boost financial markets in the countries of the allies , and it would have got enough votes for the deal . 
  so many possibilities are available in politics . 
  well - i am now lobbying instead , so we will see where that ends up !, 
   the point of a survey is to give people multiple options to choose from . 
  how do we know someone is ( or might be ) seriously interested in an option , if is n't accepted as an option ? 
  this is n't meant to be a criticism , but a survey can not include every option so you need to have some methodology for limiting options . 
  personally i think it makes sense to limit the options to those that are realistic , rather than unrealistic options . 
   in stead of constantly reminder everyone that the uk will leave ( seriously , no one cares if you do . ), 
  you should create a vision of your own eu ( more subsidiarity , letting eu focus on global issues or whatever you want ) . 
  i thought you cared ? 
  did n't you just say earlier in the thread that you wanted the uk to stay in the eu ? 
  [ this speech summarises cameron 's vision on the eu . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/jan/23/david-cameron-eu-speech-referendum ) is this something you back ? 
   yes , but are you sure that you can not influence because you do not share any interest with any other ally in the eu , or because of the incompetence of the negotiators ? 
  the main problem in my mind is that most brits just have a very different vision of europe from most europeans . 
  all other problems derive from this basic fact . 
  our vision of an ideal europe is still just a glorified common market and there are very very few brits who really believe in a federal europe in the way that you do . 
  the consequence of this different vision is that our starting point and our end point in negotiations is different and also that far fewer brits really want to become negotiators at eu level , especially given that the project is heading in a federal direction . 
  this then means that we get a bad deal in some respects which then increases euscepticism further . 
  also , are any young bright british students currently going to want to pursue a career in eu-level negotiations ? 
  they just saw ukip top the poll in may . 
  we likely have a referendum in 2017 . 
  we 're never joining the euro and the rest of the eu is moving to federalism . 
  the writing is on the wall . 
  :-) p.s : i actually applied for and accepted an eu job last year in a finacial regulation field , though a legal job not a policy job . 
  i ended up not taking it though :-), 
  languages within the eu is always an interesting discussion , but are you seriously expecting anyone to suggest that modern indo-european should be the common language of the eu ? 
  in my mind this kind of idea is somewhat fantastical , however wonderful such language might likely be . . !, 
  i ca n't see any scenario in which the relentless march of english does n't continue . 
  [ recently there has been much butthurt in france after the italian eu presidency decided to do its website in just italian and english , the first ever time that french and german have not featured . 
  ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/monde/ue-la-presidence-italienne-dit-ciao-au-francais-07-06-2014-1833497_24.php ) but , really , what did the french expect ? 
  by excluding italian from the so-called `` working languages '' of the eu , they were always running the risk that sooner or later the italians would get their revenge . 
  when numerous eu entities , including for example the european securities and markets authority , located in paris , only publish in english you know that the game is over . 
   the way he has tried to block everything the eu does has n't earned him a great reputation in most european capitals . 
  the fact he has insisted in publicly opposing every decision has only inflamed euroscepticism , and made brexit more likely . 
  he has n't tried to block everything . 
  so far , he has just opted out of the fiscal compact ( and , incidentally , other countries want out of that too ) and is going to vote against juncker ( and he really has to do this based on the way that the uk electorate voted in the eu elections ) . 
  or has he blocked anything else that i have forgotten ? 
   on the other hand , surely poland has been tremendously disappointed by uk 's behavior during the ukrainian crisis . 
  they thought that the uk understood the russian threat , and that they would be stern in their rebuff of putin 's expansionism . 
  i agree , the uk should be much much more bullish against russia . 
  it is no excuse , but we are far more hawkish than the rest of western europe when it comes to russia . 
  personally i believe that when the uk leaves the eu we will revert to normal thatcher-style hawkishness when it comes to the ruskies . 
   absolutely . 
  if i was in the uk financial sector , i would start doing the maths . 
  flags and patriotic sentiments are nice and all , but people needs jobs and bread on the table in the end . 
  i am in the uk financial sector and i am doing the maths . 
  being in the eu is bringing us the financial transactions tax , the bankers bonus tax , a ban on short selling and we opposed all of this . 
  there is no point being in the eu if we can not influence legislation that governs finance in london any more . 
  we might as well get out and make this legislation ourselves . 
   as a dutchman : please dont leave . 
  you the only country that could go against the german-french line that is currently our most likely future . 
  if you abandon ship we are surely heading to a use . 
  and as a brit , while i agree with what you say , you government needs to start backing us publicly , in open , if you want us to stay . 
  wanting us to stay is not going to be enough any more . 
  britain feels isolated in europe because countries like the netherlands do not back us publicly . 
  your country can either join the good fight with us by saying `` no '' to juncker or you can start expecting the uk to fall out of the eu and then you might as well just hand over your sovereignty to berlin and paris . 
   then i realized i 'd rather stay in silly little belgium where studying is at least affordable and there are better european nations than belgium around . 
  as someone who benefitted from entirely `` free '' education in the uk ( i.e. 
  someone else paid for me ) i am not really in a position to argue that it should n't be `` free '' .
