  czech and slovak languages are mutually intelligible . 
  it makes very little effort to speak the other language . 
  english is taught in every czech school yet only fraction of people have enough of courage ( and opportunity ) to use it in practice . 
  i received a leaflet through my door about this party last week . 
  on the ballot paper i understand they are putting as their slogan : `` ukepp '' - it looks somewhat similar to another political party in the uk ... 
  there used to be quite a tradition with satirical political parties in the uk , the most famous being [ the monster raving loony party ] ( http://www.omrlp.com/ ) . 
  disappointingly , with the cost of standing for election going up , we see much less of them now ... 
   in sweden that number is around 65-70 % . 
  i can only assume 30-35 % of the population either do n't use their brains or do n't have one . 
  in the uk the figure has generally stood at around 80 % . 
  if the will & kate show stays on the road then the monarchy is guaranteed for several more generations . 
   when stuff escalated so far that russian forces are invading eu/nato soil , the correct response is a military response . 
  the sanctions are exactly for what russia is doing right now . 
  i quite agree . 
  the time for sanctions was a few months ago and it is embarrassing for europe that it is not happening . 
  britain should be particularly embarrassed . 
  [ it is one thing for europe to be weak and feeble ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbzawro8m90 ) ( watch the final ten seconds of this clip ... ) , but the uk has now become one of those weak and feeble nations too ... 
  ukip are not far right . 
  calling ukip far right makes no sense . 
  libertarianism ( of the kind espoused by ukip , which simply proposes a flatter tax and smoking in pubs ) is not far right . 
  increased defence budgets is not far right . 
  wanting westminster to be in control of immigration policy , rather than brussels , is not far right . 
  why is it shocking that ukip will get 30 per cent of the vote ? 
  more than 30 per cent of brits want to leave the eu . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the anglo-french relationship has always been complicated . 
  we 've done much worse to each other . 
  all is fair in love and war . 
  i think we kind of respect de gaulle for those vetos . 
  in some ways he was right . 
  if the long-term goal is a federal europe , then the uk is a big block to that . 
  the uk has always cared more about the free market and not been really committed to the rest of the project . 
  hard to say . 
  it is possible that the uk would be less eusceptic now . 
  it is possible that the original direction of the eu would have been a different one . 
  hard to say . 
  i guess there would be no exceptions and perhaps the eu would already be a lot more federal . 
  i do n't think the danes and the swiss would have retained any opt-outs without the uk . 
  i 'm not sure if the irish would have joined . 
  i wonder what eu/uk relations would be like now ? 
  the uk does not believe that it will always and in every circumstance be able to compete with germany . 
  the uk 's economy is not cyclically aligned with the german economy always : uk is more of a services economy while the german economy does more manufacturing . 
  the uk also has had the embarrassing experience of falling out of the erm . 
  also , the british population do n't like the idea !, 
   yea , i think that 's only because being pro-russia is way too controversial in britain . 
  actually , i think farage is genuinely not at all pro-russian . 
  farage is very pro the anglosphere ( which is a very common position on the right in the uk ) . 
  as you say , being pro-russia is controversial in the uk . 
  there was a time when the left were somewhat pro-russian , but this was always a very minority view . 
   it 's no coincidence that these groups the ukip , the austrian right wing , lapen and other right wing euroskeptic political groups all have glowing admiration for putin and what he has done in ukraine . 
  ukip really do not have glowing admiration for what putin has done in ukraine . 
  this is what farage responded when asked which world leader he most admired : `` as an operator , but not as a human being , i would say putin . 
  the way he played the whole syria thing . 
  brilliant . 
  not that i approve of him politically . 
  how many journalists in jail now ? '', 
  personally , i do n't think this is how farage should have answered the question !, 
  it is a deliberately ( and needlessly ) provocative . 
  but that 's the type of guy farage is : provocative and excessively colourful . 
  however , farage is obviously distinguishing between putin 's geopolitical brinkmanship ( which , however much we dislike him , we should acknowledge ) and putin 's politics . 
   is overqualification not a thing abroad ? 
  we have that in austria too . 
  overqualification is not a legal thing in the uk . 
  you ca n't be thrown out of the uk just because you are doing a job for which you are over-qualified . 
   gdp has grown but wages are not rising . 
  this depends whether or not bonuses are included . 
  also , there is always a time-lag between gdp growth and wage-rises . 
  wage rises are likely to follow . 
  also , if you think that the uk 's economy is not in a good state , what is your view of the eu economy generally ? 
  i 'm also talking about feelings of people . 
   it bothers me that you think we might leave a union our country contributed to form . 
  i do n't see it happening in spain or italy either . 
  whereas the uk , on the otherhand , is very capable of cutting the continent adrift ... ;-), 
  which much worse problems ? 
  do n't you think economic growth is a positive indicator for an economy ? 
  i 'm not sure what the actual figures are - i ca n't seem to find them easily ... 
   rejoining at some point would be inevitable with how aged the sceptic population is . 
  i think i might have had this discussion with you before and i 'm not convinced that with time the uk population will become less eusceptic . 
  it could happen , but i do n't think of it as a given . 
  i guess i just know a lot of eusceptics in their 20s . 
  there are also many variables at play that could potentially give rise to further euscepticism , not all of which are even within the uk 's control : - major woes in the eurozone re-surfacing - the eurozone consolidating and enacting legislation designed to harm the city - the rest of the eu wanting treaty change and the uk not wanting it - extreme political parties getting into government elsewhere in eu - uk break-up edit - clarified my argument ... 
   that is millions of people who are suddenly content with being in the eu . 
  [ more recent polling shows in favour of leaving on the increase again though ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_referendum_on_united_kingdom_membership_of_the_european_union#opinion_polling ), 
   for the good of the british people , i really hope you are right . 
  be careful for what you wish for because it might come true . 
  well : i wish for lots of things ... one of those is uk leaving the eu . 
  the uk is always going to have relationships with europe !, 
  we ca n't move our island into the middle of the pacific ...  yet you are making excuses for the grotesque shortcomings of your preferred political party . 
  well - i 'd really not like to be making any excuses . 
  i have a zero tolerance for any racism and so forth . 
  ukip do have short-comings , but i think the word `` grotesque '' does n't really describe them . 
   - be objective and think for yourself . 
  always good advice !, 
  however , in terms of voting , i do n't expect i will change my mind . 
  until either the conservatives or labour change their policy on eu membership , i expect i will be voting ukip . 
  there are many many people who are thinking the same as me : this is why ukip are doing so well in the polls . 
  we will see what happens in election day . 
   you do realize that their entire campaign is based on people 's ignorance and carefully selected statistics . 
  i do n't think it has really been a great campaign . 
  but politics is a somewhat dirty game .
