  i do n't see how you fix the monetary aspect . 
  this is europe . 
  this problem is basically impossible to fix . 
  we will just keep things unfixed . 
   are n't looking for anyone else it looks like just some lone crazy person . 
  this is also my assumption . 
  i expect that there will be some political fall-out however , especially if it turns out that the attacker had some extreme political beliefs or a criminal record/history of violence . 
  if the attacker was not british there will also be political fallout . 
  i know many poles who have been here for a decade . 
  if there are 500,000 poles in the uk now it is hard to imagine that the majority went back . 
  poland 's population is shrinking because of the high levels of emigration . 
   i would be shocked if any of them are still in england or wales . 
  the vast majority went back several years ago . 
  have you been to the uk recently ? 
  most people think that there are about 500,000 poles in the uk . 
  the problem is extremely clear . 
  what is the solution ? 
  not having royals is a bad thing though !, 
   when spain and the rest of southern europe have instituted proper labour market reforms , there will be a flood of professionals willing to move to spain from the rest of europe to have their skills taken advantage of . 
  who would n't want to work in a rich and prosperous spain ? 
  that 's the beauty of the eu labour market . 
  the jury is still out over whether spain will be able to make these reforms and turn around its economy . 
  we 've already had six years of financial crisis and spanish unemployment is still chronic . 
  even then , it is very uncertain when if ever spanish job prospects and salaries catch up with northern europe . 
  the labour might not have disappeared , but it has disappeared from spain and the spanish economy . 
  i probably would n't describe this as `` beauty '' . 
  even shitholes in london are expensive , but you will be able to find something and save some money and send the rest to your mum . 
  ( if you come to london you have to stop saying `` mom '' and start saying `` mum '' instead . ), 
  i 'd have thought that without spanish your job prospects in spain are not going to be that good currently . 
  i 'd be surprised if there was a shortage of it consultants in spain right now ... 
  there was a lithuanian government minister interviewed on the bbc this morning ( maybe yesterday ? ), 
  and he said that lithuania was committed to increasing defence budget to 2 % in the next five years . 
  i think it is good that latvia and lithunia are taking defence spending seriously . 
  [ yesterday we found out that the recession was less deep and the recovery more strong than we had previously thought . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/sep/03/2009-recession-shallower-than-thought-new-office-national-statistics ) if the jobs data continues to be good i expect a rise by the end of the year . 
  ( there is a view that the rise should not take place too close to next may 's election . ), 
   by all means , if will no longer have schengen borders for free european movement the uk already is outside schengen . 
   but ukip intend to restrict immigration whereas the two aforementioned countries have very open immigration policies - something unthinkable in contemporary british discourse . 
  ukip wo n't be in power once the uk leaves the eu . 
  the uk can have an immigration policy that is similar to canada , singapore , hong kong or australia once it leaves the eu , getting immigrants from far and wide . 
   to suggest that leaving the eu would lead us to be somehow more successful because we 'd be able to implement more stringent regulations simply fails to understand the motive for leaving the eu in the first place . 
  i have n't suggested more stringent regulations . 
   we 're seeking to leave the eu , quite frankly , because we 're xenophobic - not because we 're going to start opening the borders to greater amounts of `` skilled professionals '' . 
  perhaps you need to meet more eusceptics then . 
  i 'm not remotely xenophobic and i am eusceptic . 
  there are plenty of people who are eusceptic who want a britain that is global and open to the world . 
  our situation is very similar to singapore and canada - both use the english language , the english legal system and have strong historic ties to the uk . 
  move to london and find work in a coffee shop ( finding this work will take you less than a day ) and you will earn that easily . 
  yes , and now is the time to raise them . 
   if you 're looking at the economic migrants since the crisis , my point is it 's way too early to draw any long term conclusions . 
  given that the crisis has now been going on for more than half a decade , i think that we are already getting close to the long term . 
  perhaps improvement is just round the corner in spain - i do n't think the evidence for this is currently very good . 
   unwillingly ? 
  are n't highly educated and trained immigrants very desirable to any country ? 
  in most countries there end up being some problems with high levels of immigration , however skilled those immigrants are . 
  there can be an impact on infrastructure , problems with integration with existing population and the existing population might have a sense that the new arrivals are taking jobs/resouces ( whether or not this is in fact true ) . 
   either way , the uk is going to look very silly when it adopts a policy of north korean isolationism , and all the smart people have fled to canada or singapore . 
  the uk wo n't be adopting north koren isolationism . 
  by leaving the eu the uk will become much more like canada and singapore . 
   excess workforce leaving means employment opportunities and increased wages for those who stay , which again means new graduates are more likely to stay put , and those who left more likely to return if they wish . 
  currently it seems like there is still a lot of excess workforce who have stayed , and opportunities still seem to be somewhat poor for them . 
  i agree with your post that there are some positives , but on balance this braindrain is an extremely negative one for spain . 
   i 'd gladly move down to spain if the opportunity arose !, 
  do you speak spanish ? 
  what is your line of work ? 
   i do n't see how you can take any sort of conclusion for that from the crisis that 's still very much ongoing . 
  to date it does n't really look like the crisis is coming to an end and unemployment figures in a lot of the eu do not seem to be improving . 
  perhaps the crisis will end one day , or perhaps the crisis is now here to stay , permanently ? 
  [ national statistics in the uk appear to show that a great deal of eu immigrants who moved to the uk from 2004 onwards have stayed ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/migration1/migration-statistics-quarterly-report/may-2014/sty-eu-migration.html ) as each year the number of immigrants far exceeds the number of emigrants . 
  a lot of these immigrants were from a8 countries , but i do n't think that immigrants from spain , italy , portugal and greece who have moved to the uk since 2008 will necessarily be different . 
   i did n't even excpect to go to spain in the first place but i have ended up planning on staying long term after a few years . 
  where did you move to spain from ? 
  the uk is likely to raise interest rates later this year . 
  the uk 's economy is out of line with the german economy - another reason why it did not make sense for the uk to join the ~ ~ dmark ~ ~ euro . 
   switzerland has a direct democracy , and i do n't see them coming up with impractical and unrealistic solutions that do n't benefit the public good . 
  because for some odd reason , the public tends to vote in the public 's interest . 
  i completely agree . 
  if you want to see a responsible voter , start giving him more responsibility . 
  the interesting thing is that the job market is very good in the uk right now . 
  the lurch to the right does not seem to be because of the state of the job market . 
  from the perspective of the uk ( and london ) it seems that many people who immigrated here looking for a temporary job still seem to be here 10 years later . 
  net migration figures seem to back this experience up . 
  once people get used to uk salaries and job prospects a lot do n't want to go back . 
  i think the other big difference with the usa ( in addition to the massive fiscal transfers between states that you mentioned ) is that labour laws and unemployment levels do n't tend to vary so drastically between states . 
  the common language and lengthy common history and the fact that most people identify primarily with the federation rather than the state also means that there tends to be less resentment between states . 
  but i agree , it is an interesting parallel . 
   the united kingdom was by far and away the most popular destination with 55 % of applicants choosing that country . 
  germany and italy both received 10 % of all applications . 
  no surprises here . 
  the story up to now has been the uk accepting such a massive amount of new immigrants unwillingly . 
  they story is about to change : it is about to become the terrible impact that such a massive braindrain will have on the spanish economy for many years to come . 
  this is far more serious than what is happning in the uk . 
  life just got incredibly interesting in german politics again . 
  i 've already bought the beer and the popcorn for the th\u00fcringen and brandenburg show . 
  if afd do well there , they will be the story again . 
  if fdp continue to collapse , even more interesting times . 
  perhaps there is a tiny tiny minority of people that want all immigrants sent back , but we should n't pretend that this is a mainstream view among the voters of any political party in the uk . 
   opposing globalization is like opposing natural selection , it will backfire in ways you might not expect or realize . 
  every single country in europe limits immigration . 
  every single mainstream political party in europe has a policy of immigration from many countries to be extremely limited .
