  do n't start speaking dutch just because you know other people are watching please . 
  we do it on thursdays for `` historical reasons '' . 
  the reasons are so historical that nobody can remember them any more , but we wo n't change the day because of `` historical reasons '' . 
  this is why the nato alliance is important . 
  i feel more secure that a country like estonia is taking its responsibilities seriously by paying its share . 
  polling stations are in primary schools ? 
  i think they are in the uk too often , but i do n't think that anyone gets the day off school !, 
  a uk party leader went to that living room in the netherlands to vote ? 
  username checks out . 
  this is really cool . 
  also , respect to the dutch for voting on wednesdays !, 
  uk and the netherlands are among the very few european countries that vote on week days . 
   no , it is the result of not being prepared ... you seem to very german here . 
  you do not tolerate uncertainty . 
  in the uk , we are much more relaxed about it . 
  we care about actual harm . 
  uncertainty is not of itself harmful . 
   i actually have , you might just wan na read my above comments again . 
  the fact that you brought up a bunch of irrelevant factors does however show that you are either trolling or did not understand what this thread is about . 
  the thread is about why british people are relaxed about what their government are doing . 
  of course , germans like you might not be able to cope with this ( as seems clear from your comments ) . 
  but british people do n't mind . 
  this is because no harm has been caused . 
  there has simply been the operation of governance . 
   if someone could figure out how to build a parliamentary majority out of remain ( or softe brexit ) supporters then things would be different . 
  it can not be done i do n't think . 
  the british people have made their decision . 
  the politicians that are recognising that , the tories , are understandably going to do well from it . 
  there is currently a parliamentary majority for leave . 
  at the next election this will increase further , i expect . 
  it is over . 
   what the hell are you talking about ? 
  gdp , unemployment etc. 
   they obviously did n't have a plan what to do with the referendum result . 
  the government stepped down . 
  courts had to step in . 
  it will take them at the very least 9 months now to actually act on something . 
  they still do n't have a plan . 
  this is as messy as it gets , dude . 
  that is n't mess . 
  that is simply the operation of a liberal democracy . 
   you made the point that being unprepared is a good thing . 
  i refuted that point . 
  i did n't say it was a good thing , i said that having a plan in place was n't needed and that british people did not mind . 
  you have not refuted this . 
   because the two successful countries you used as examples are part of the commenwealth one of the oldest cooperation between countries on this planet . 
  i hope the irony is n't lsot on you . 
  yes , so if they can govern themselves , the uk can too . 
   the examples are weak anyways , australia is one of the most isolated countries on the planet . 
  canada is extremely closing operation with the us and is also trying to get closer ties with the eu . 
  both australia and canada are part of the western liberal order and have strong ties with countries around the world on a range of matters . 
  the uk will too . 
   i do n't think the british people want to become singapore . 
  i do . 
  they are rich !, 
   check these posts here and how people talk . 
  yes , some people are very hostile to british redditors . 
  i think we brits should understand that , they feel very upset that we voted to leave . 
  but they will get over it . 
  after all , fundamentally my point stands . 
  democracies end up working together . 
   i wonder if brexit people would like the english teams to withdraw from the cl . 
  i know thats totally different but it seems like if the advantages are more obvious people are open to cooperation . 
  the uk is going to continue to cooperate with its global allies . 
  no , i am expecting you s, 
   translation : i am not personally impacted by brexit so the details do n't concern me . 
  as a voter and a british citizen the details massively interest me . 
   yeah canada and australia the two commonwealth countries . 
  are you guys kidding me ? 
  and ? 
  what point are you making ? 
  if australia and canada can govern themselves , why not the uk ? 
   if countries distance them from each other this is the first way into aggressive rivaly . 
  this is not true . 
  the way to not have an aggressive rivalry is to be a liberal democracy . 
  provided that the eu stays broadly democractic , i expect good relations between the uk and the eu . 
  after all , the eu is going to be very respectful of the uk 's democracy , is n't it ? 
  the eu wo n't be hostile or aggressive , will it ? 
  thanks for your post , it seems incredibly rational and reasonable . 
  it is a shame that i am now surprised when i see people with flairs from other european countries that are not actively wanting the uk to fall apart !, 
  hopefully this whole episode will end up being a positive one for your country and people too . 
   when has less cooperation between groups ever helped ? 
  uk is going to continue to cooperate with its global allies on a range of trade and diplomatic and security matters . 
   the most prosperus time of the western world where after world war ii when people were sick of aggression and worked closely . 
  but lets again try the other way . 
  governing yourself is not being aggressive . 
  the uk will work closely with its global allies as before . 
   the aftermath of the referendum was quite the mess . 
  not really . 
  economic indicators have all been good . 
   no idea how that is relevant either . 
  it is relevant as to whether or not there has been a `` mess '' . 
   it is the main point , they said it would n't hurt to not have a deal and then they admit they do n't know actually know that . 
  how much worse could it get ? 
  so where is the actual harm that impacts anyone 's lives ? 
  you have not demonstrated one single harmful consequence of voting to leave the eu yet . 
  you just think that things are a `` mess '' . 
   i hoped people in the uk come to their senses . 
  leaving the eu is sensible . 
  there is nothing wrong with governing ourselves .
