   this debate needs to happen in germany/creditor countries ; either more transfers or end of euro . 
  with all the consequences . 
  for example i wouldnt support permanent transfers withouth a european parliament that has power over budgets etc. 
  ( fiscal union ) yes , it would be very sensible to have this debate , sooner rather than later . 
  personally i think it would be good to have referendums . 
  ( there will have to be referendums in a number of states on this kind of change . ), 
   nice try . 
  that 's not how the imf works . 
  everyone shares the risk . 
  this is going to cause massive institutional change at the imf , and there is already intense criticism by some shareholders ( many of them much poorer than the eurozone ) of how the imf handled the greek crisis , believing that the bailout was an attempt to save the euro rather than to save greece . 
  germany has to date been insisting that greece only gets another bailout if the imf stays in the programme , but the recent imf paper on greece indicates that they will only be involved if the rest of the eurozone writes off some of the greek debt . 
  i guess the imf will definitely not be involved at all unless they get paid the missing 30 june money ( and that will have to come from the eurozone ) . 
  ultimately , if greece is not allowed to devalue , it should be the eurozone that saves greece , not the rest of the world . 
  it is embarrassing that it ca n't seem to do this . 
  we can happily love each other without sharing a currency . 
  i do n't think we even need a union . 
  i think our `` entente '' is quite enough :-), 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
   i wonder what would happen if people of creditor countries could vote on further bailouts . 
  this would be very sensible . 
  ultimately it is worth finding out whether or not the peoples of europe really want to have a common currency with each other . 
  asking them directly strikes me as a very good way of finding out . 
  i personally am not on the side of the troika . 
  well , obviously both sides are partly to blame , but i think that fundamentally the debt needs to be written off and the troika are being far too slow at admitting this . 
   this seems weird , normally i would expect the older demographic to be conservative and euro sceptic . 
  i do n't think it is weird . 
  in a sense it is a clash between the short term and the long term . 
  in the short term a `` no '' will be more painful , but in the long term it could be better . 
  the imf has lost massive credibility as a result of this crisis and there may well be long term conseqences of this . 
  if greece does not pay the imf back , there will be calls from some of the imf shareholders that the eurozone pays the imf back instead . 
   the offer is off the table , right ? 
  it kind of is n't on the table . 
  nobody really knows . 
  that 's one of this things that makes this so incredibly interesting , it is both historically important and extremely uncertain . 
  de la rue are still the likely printing company of choice for any new drachma , but they have said that it would be a six month operation ... 
  with us . 
  i kid , i kid . 
  we know we both do n't want that . 
  no , this is something for the eurozone to sort out ... 
  lack of labour mobility in the eu has a massive economic effect . 
  look at the massive differences in wages and employment across the eu . 
  with more labour mobility , these differences would be a lot smaller . 
  this is one of the reasons why the single currency is problematic : lack of labour mobility means that economic shocks can not be absorbed so easily . 
  i agree that every young person in europe wants to learn english . 
  i am simply making the point that labour mobility in europe is a lot more limited than in the u.s. 
  the limited nature of labour mobility in europe is not just some point that i am making . 
  i noticed that it was made in the five presidents report on emu . 
  i agree it is a political problem . 
  as for labour being more mobile in the us than the eu , it is clearly the case that labour is more mobile in the u.s. than the eu . 
  look at the massive difference in employment levels across the eu compared to the us . 
  also , look at the barriers to mobility in the eu : someone from portugal ca n't easily move to estonia and find work , as they wo n't know the language . 
  they are broadly similar ideas to be honest . 
  hopefully we get comments like this from schulz before tbe brexit referendum . 
  [ there are also some interesting comments from the house of lords . 
  here is lord stoddart of swindon in march 1998 , just before the launch of the single currency . 
  it is a long speech and you might not like his style , but we were correct to listen to him ] ( http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/lords/1998/mar/12/european-communities-amendment-bill#s5lv0587p0_19980312_hol_129 ) :  `` so in actual fact it is a very considerable threat to the countries of the european union . 
  it is a real threat . 
  at the time of the maastricht discussions i said that if a country that was having difficulties and could not meet the criteria was then fined , its position would be made even worse . 
  it would go on being fined , fined and fined until presumably its economy collapsed . 
  that of course would be complete and utter nonsense . 
  indeed , as far as this country is concerned , it would he quite a considerable amount of money that we would pay -- up to # 3,500 million a year , or at least so long as we did not meet the criteria . 
   there is another problem . 
  what if parliament does not want to pay ? 
  let us suppose parliament says to the government , `` they have fined you but we are not going to raise the money for you to pay the fine '' . 
  what will happen then ? 
  will the european commission send in the jack boots ? 
  what will happen ? 
  the system is not a good one and it is one which i regret . 
   the noble lord , lord taverne , who for very good reasons has had to leave us , seemed to say that arguing against emu was not quite right ; that we are in the european union and in it for a long period of time , and so what do we keep arguing about ? 
  but the fact is that in 1975 , when we had a referendum on whether we should remain in europe , emu was ruled out . 
  the government themselves came forward and said there was a danger that we would have economic and monetary union but that they had negotiated it away because it would do damage to our economy and particularly to employment . 
  it was ruled out , and so it is perfectly legitimate for people to argue that it should not be ruled in , not at least at this stage and until there has been another referendum . 
   we are told that we should not interfere with other people and that if they want to go in , let them go in . 
  but at maastricht we agreed a set of criteria on which they should go in and on which the economic and monetary union third stage together with a single currency should go ahead . 
  those criteria were very tough . 
  if noble lords will remember , everyone was talking tough at that time ; the euro was going to be at least as strong as the deutschmark . 
  am i right , or am i wrong ? 
  of course i am right . 
  everyone who has argued the point will know that . 
  ** but what do we find ? 
  when we come to the 1lth hour , a few weeks , as my noble friend says , before the decisions as to who is going to join are about to be made , what do we find ? 
  we find that the maastricht criteria are not being adhered to and that there has been a lot of creative accounting . 
  the french were able to sell their telecommunications system , the italians have raised a one-off tax and the german government wanted the bundesbank to hand over its loot in order that they could meet the criteria . 
  so there are lots of arguments as to why not only this country but other countries should not rush into it . 
  **  the noble lord , lord howell , was right to urge caution . 
  he made the point that it could be advantageous for us to remain out . 
  so far , i have not heard the arguments made in favour of us going in at the first stage which would convince me that we should go in at this stage . 
  ** my noble friend lord randall , who is not in his place , said that parliament would look absurd if we passed this amendment . 
  parliament never looks absurd when it considers very closely and for a long time what it is doing . 
  that is what parliament is here for . 
  if it is not in the country 's interests that we should adopt the first stage of emu and a single currency , then parliament is the place where it should be discussed and parliament should make the final decision together with the people of this country . 
  **  my noble friend talked about stability . 
  everyone is talking about stability . 
  but at the same time everyone is talking about markets . 
  the labour party is now market based . 
  i always thought that the prime factor about markets was their instability . 
  the very notion of having a stable market nullifies the term . 
  a market is where a willing seller sells to a willing buyer at the price the market will bear at that time . 
  so there is no stability . 
  i wish people would not talk about it when we are talking about markets .
