  i agree that the eu is an important project . 
  this is more of a reason why french people should be happy to vote for it . 
   so you 're saying that the immigration system in australia is n't expensive and bureaucratic ? 
  it costs an arm and a leg for many people to lodge a visa application in oz , which then needs to be thoroughly reviewed by government employees . 
  it is n't efficient is what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not saying that it is n't effective , i.e. 
  `` not working '' . 
  does this cause problems for australians ? 
  to the extent it causes problems , it can be made easier . 
  that 's the beauty of being a fully sovereign country , like the uk could be . 
  you can design your own immigration system . 
  to the extent immigration numbers are too low , you can make it easier . 
  to the extent numbers are too high , you can make it harder . 
  there is no shortage of people wanting to go to the uk . 
   except , the cheap immigrant labourers wo n't go there if they have to go through the same . 
  it 's worth it for an australian or canadian lawyer because they 'll earn enough money to put up with it . 
  but someone who is looking for a cleaning job will want to start working instantly and receive the first paycheck at the end of the week . 
  have you been to the uk ? 
  there are many many people here who come from outside the uk and do cleaning jobs / restaurant jobs etc. 
  it already happens . 
   yeh , just like they did for the alternative vote referendum in the uk / s they did . 
  they decided that they thought that the av system was a shitty one . 
   well , define `` they '' . 
  the french . 
  joan of arc , napoleon , de gaulle , marie antoinette , all those king louis , sarko , sego , hollande , dsk , mlp , valls , jupe , fillon , taubira , chirac , jospin , cresson , baudelaire , sartre , de beauvoir , eluard , sagan , moliere , racine , pompidou , mitterand , moscovici , aubrey , / u/15445487 , / u/azerty258741369 , asterix , obelix . 
  they all want more . 
  they ca n't stop themselves . 
  that 's what they are like . 
  they 're french . 
  ;-) edit - i forgot that * notre cher , mais tres cher , ami , * / u/dclauzel also definitely wants more and is definitely french . 
   it 'll always be expensive and bureaucratic . 
  it works in canada and australia . 
  it works in the uk in relation to noneu migrants . 
  why would n't it work in the uk ? 
  thanks !, 
  by the way , in two months time the tories are about to have the mother of all arguments , as only the tories know how . 
  the night of the long knives will have nothing on the coming tory blood bath . 
  the only thing that is keeping them sweet is the election . 
  either they lose and in which case they destroy cameron during the night and then have the mother of all battles for the soul of the conservative party ( remember there are full on hard core eusceptics among their mps and voters ) , or they win and have to face the reality of trying to renegotiate the eu treaties with angela and having a referendum in the uk on eu membership . 
  there will be blood . 
   why ? 
  you 'd rather have to go through an expensive bureaucratic system to obtain a workers visa for your spanish ( sorry for the stereotype , spaniards ! ), 
  cleaning lady ? 
  this really depends on what system the uk puts in place . 
  there are many options available . 
  anyway , as mentioned i am a lawyer . 
  i already go through this system everytime we hire a canadian or an australian to work here . 
  i can navigate it just fine . 
  anyway , the purpose of the immigration system is not just for my own personal benefit . 
  i 'm sure you know about this more than i do !, 
  i agree that belgium and luxembourg are going to be the last men standing . 
  i think the debate in the nethelands and the attidue of the dutch towards the eu is in quite a different place from the debates in belgium and luxembourg ... 
   some , who 're motivated enough , might . 
  i pretty much never meet them . 
  obviously , there are plenty of irish , australian and canadian lawyers working in the city . 
  if you do n't have english as your mother tongue and you did not study law within a common law jurisdiction you are at a significant disadvantage in most areas . 
   besides that , you 're obviously not the average brit . 
  the average brit , i reckon , will have to compete with immigrants from `` eurozone south '' and their political influence far outreaches that of yours . 
  my views on what the uk immigration policy are based on what i think would be best for the uk as a whole . 
  i do n't think the uk should be part of the free movement of workers zone . 
  i agree it is unlikely . 
  if a brexit or a grexit happens though , it becomes a lot more likely . 
   is n't the whole common agricultural policy organised to satisfy french farmers ? 
  yes . 
  but they want more . 
  i do n't know whether or not you follow dutch politics , but in dutch politics the term `` nexit '' is used to mean either the netherlands leaving the euro or the eu . 
   i do n't think northern european countries will be all that happy to receive hundreds of thousands of workers who lack training and language skills . 
  as a lawyer in the city nobody from eurozone south can compete with me . 
  personally i do brilliantly from this system . 
  i can have someone clean my appartment very cheaply indeed . 
  many services cost me much less than they would without all this immigration . 
  if thousands more workers lacking training and language skills came to the uk from eurozone south there are only postive impacts for me personally . 
  the nexit is still more likely than the frexit in my view . 
  the good news is that in most of the uk ( and some other places in eurozone north ) there are labour shortages and it is very easy to find work , so i would recommend unemployed young people in the eurozone south to move to the uk or eurozone north and find work very easily . 
  it is relatively easy to move workers to jobs . 
  it is much much hard to move the jobs to the workers . 
   thus i dread to think what would happen if the system of politics was altered to depend on the participation of an unwilling electorate . 
  in scotland , the voters did not seem to be fatigued by their referendum . 
  they turned out in massive numbers , almost never seen before in uk electoral history !, 
  i 'm not seeing how someone can agree that scotland should decide on independence by referendum , but not agree that france should decide on eu membership by referendum . 
   hm , well , then let 's see what happens on sunday . 
  we will all be watching closely to see what happens on sunday . 
  personally i am of the view that there has been a fundamental shift in french voting habits ( and perhaps culture ) that goes way beyond the electoral system . 
  i think the evidence for this is : - marine 's programme of * dediabolisation * should not be misunderestimated . 
  she is doing very well in the cultural war . 
  when the fn becomes the party of choice of gays , jews , many immigrants and women then the extremist label is just that much harder . 
  - the results of eu elections in 2014 were plain extraordinary , but even more extraordinary was the reaction of mainstream french society . 
  the media were not up in arms and previously they would have been . 
  there were n't really any protests . 
  people seemed to just accept it . 
  - the front republicain seems to have broken down completely . 
  [ sarko does not seem like he will abandon the ni ni approach . ] ( http://www.lesechos.fr/politique-societe/politique/0204249020817-elections-departementales-sarkozy-reste-ferme-sur-le-ni-ni-1104857.php ) . 
  this is a gigantic shift . 
  separately , it seems as if the ump electors are themselves preferring the fn over the ps , but we shall see more about this on sunday . 
  edit - my computer is broken so this post seemed to post itself before it was ready ;-(, 
   nobody really knows what the eu does for us , we only hear about it when it 's negative but i 'm not sure people realize how dependent we are on it ( my uncle is a farmer who gets financial aid from them , a cousin works in a museum who financed by them , etc ) . 
  would n't a referendum force the argument though ? 
  people would end up educating themselves ? 
  separately , in relation to your farming uncle and your museum cousin , is n't the position that france is a net contributor to the eu budget and therefore if france was not in the eu , france could provide the same aid and have money left over ? 
  there may be benefits to france from being part of the eu , but these are not examples of those benefits .
