  the amount of paperwork and way that compliance is checked represents a political choice . 
  if you want you can make your economy more open , like singapore . 
  this is what i want for the uk . 
  the uk can not stop the eu not being an open economy if that is what you want . 
  if the eu is not an open economy to the outside world , then of course it will be harder for the uk to export to the eu . 
  that is one of the reasons why i voted to leave , the eu is not open enough . 
  one of the many good things about brexit is that it will cause people like you to question how open you want the eu to be . 
   the eu remains the eu , the same entity as far as the wto is concerned , the eu is an entity of a particular economic size , comprised of a number of member states . 
  when those member states change , the eu has to re-negotiate its schedules of quotas and tariffs . 
  this happened most recently , when croatia joined the eu . 
  note that not every wto member has agreed the current eu wto schedules , reflecting croatia 's membership of the eu . 
  the eu can not just pretend to the wto that the uk is still in the eu . 
  it can not just say to the wto we want to keep the same schedule of commitments and tariffs that we had when the uk was a member . 
  when the uk leaves the eu , the eu will again need a new set of schedules as it will not make sense for the eu to have a set of schedules which include the uk , when the uk is not in the eu . 
  both the uk and the eu can veto each others new schedules , as can every other country in the wto . 
   if a part of country declares independence they do n't get to duplicate the diplomatic status of the former country - the country they leave retains all its alliances and other international agreements , while the new country has to start first with even being recognized by others . 
  you are correct about the position under international law generally when it comes to sovereign states . 
  for example , when south sudan declared independence , it needed new agreements for everything , including wto , including un etc etc. 
  it is not the same for the uk , because the uk is already a sovereign state and is already recognised by pretty much every other sovereign and already has membership of international organisations , from wto to un in its own right . 
  thus the uk does not need to rejoin any of these organisations , differently from south sudan . 
  in particular , the uk does not need to rejoin the wto as it is already a member and the eu can not block the uk 's membership any more than the uk can block the eu 's membership . 
  the uk does need its own new schedule of tariffs and commitments , but the eu does need its own new one too . 
  the eu and the uk are essentially equal here . 
   negotiations have n't started afa the eu is concerned . 
  i do n't disagree with this , but the eu will have had to have worked out its position already and will have to be prepared to communicate that position to the wto shortly after article 50 . 
  i suspect the eu will agree to what the uk is planning on doing . 
  in relation to problematic third countries , the uk will likely offer to reduce tariffs . 
  the eu will also need to work out what it will offer them . 
  these cattle are probably the reason why wales has so many castles . 
  what percentage voting rights does the u.s. have in the imf ? 
  likely eu and greece will reach an agreement because tsipras seems to be not in the mood to complain ... 
  same and same . 
  i sort of think that the french will forget about penelopegate in a week or so , he might still have a chance . 
  did something happen to macron 's wife too ? 
  these french and their wives !, 
  yeah - you 're right , though all those allies ended up getting killed by the tories eventually, 
  i heard that macron would field candidates for parliament too ? 
  or perhaps i misread that . 
  that basically means a new party ... 
  in uk people do n't try to create new parties very often , instead they join the old parties and try and change them . 
  both labour and tories are very broad churches ... 
  the tories officially changed their name to the conservatives in 1834 , but we 're still not used to that so we still call them the tories lol . 
  i am not too good at catalan politics : , 
   goddamm french politics ... 
  i know , right ? 
  they keep changing their names and then new parties suddenly appear and it is impossible to keep up . 
  here in the uk we have the same old tories for the last three centuries ... 
  unfortunately stable democracies usually take time to develop and are not things that appear overnight or that we can impose on others . 
  democratic institutions are not enough : a democratic culture is also required , and this really needs to grow organically . 
  i agree , hungary does not have a very strong democracy unfortunately . 
   the only thing that saves orban from being universally loathed ( besides in hungary perhaps ) is his early stance on the refugee crisis . 
  i think the reason why the eu accepts orban is because they know they have no choice . 
  there is n't some proeu alternative to orban waiting in the wings in hungary , ready to replace orban . 
  the alternative is jobbik . 
  it is a bit too late for you to not want to be in a monetary union with greece . 
  that ship has sailed . 
   but the tories want more free trade , so less taxes , less government , more globalization , more competition . 
  if you are some factory worker from the north then brexit wo n't help you a bit , quite the opposite , it will get even harder for you . 
  but then those idiots might have to learn it the hard way . 
  people will realize that all those far right ideas wo n't work . 
  free trade , lower taxes , less government , more globalisation and more competition are not `` far right ideas '' . 
  i agree that this was arguable and that definitely there seems to be a majority opinion among politicians that large banks have to be bailed out whatever they do , whatever the cost . 
  that view was even stronger in 2010-2014 . 
  it is not a view i share at all . 
  as a capitalised and free marketer i was opposed to the uk banks getting recapitalised by the british taxpayer in 2008 and also opposed to any of the greek lenders getting recapitalised by the eurozone lenders . 
  i seem to be in a minority here though !, 
  interestingly , one of the good things about brexit is that it is that it is causing more people to question and debate consensus economic opinions . 
  the economic armageddon predicted d by economists after the brexit vote never happened . 
  this has lead to some commentators theorising that if the banks had not been recapitalised in 2008-2012 then armageddon might not have occurred either and a recovery might have been quicker as happened in the us ( with lehmans not being rescued ) and iceland . 
   what is your solution ? 
  the only possible solution for the eurozone to be successful is eurobonds and fiscal transfers underpinned by strong centralised institutions underpinned by democratic consent of the people . 
  anything else is pissing in the wind . 
  i think the betting markets are moving to macron not just because fillon scandals but also because valls is doing shit in the ps primary . 
  our partners are not trump and erdogan , but u.s. and turkey . 
  what war are you talking about ? 
  is sweden about to go to war ? 
  i find that surprising . 
  i agree that he has a tendency for inconsistency and does not seem to have firm opinions . 
  that is the exact reason why it was so important for theresa may to go there so soon and get trump to commit formally to nato in the context of uk and u.s. special relationship in front of the world 's media . 
  she is reducing his ability to be inconsistent on this and even more crucially she has framed the discussion before putin can . 
  trump might not care much about nato , but he does care about the uk as his mother is from there . 
  may has now linked nato and the uk in trump 's mind . 
  not quite . 
  make sure you vote for a political party that is committed to spending 2 % of gdp on defence . 
  if estonia , poland , u.s. , uk and greece can do it , your country can too . 
  if you care about nato , whatever may said to make trump care about nato , you should be grateful for . 
  turkey is already a nato ally and is currently in the eu customs union . 
  i agree that turkey has a poor human rights record and is not a good example of a democracy . 
  but all of europe is doing deals with them already . 
  you will be much better off with your own currency . 
  the people who designed the eurozone and the governments who agreed to implement it are to blame . 
  the investors are now taxpayers in euro zone countries . 
  if greece defaults , they will lose . 
  this was a crazy policy to transfer risk from private sector to public sector . 
  am glad tory government refused to be involved . 
  obviously uk and eu will negotiate how collaboration can work going forwards on this . 
  it is simply another question on the table . 
  if both want co-operation , a way will be found . 
  they might be butthurt that they lost the referendum , but that really is not the same as suffering . 
  may was never going to go back on minsk .
