  i disagree with you on this , personally i think that if portugal pulled the trigger first , they would have first mover advantage and be able to control the situation . 
  but the key point is that most portuguese people do not agree with me . 
  unless you are prepared to pull the trigger and walk away , you can be mostly ignored . 
  you might as well be pissing into the wind . 
  the eu institutions can ignore any complaints from portugal . 
  personally i think that they are strong enough to do this , but the people of those countries do n't seem to think that . 
   one anti-eu leftist portuguese party , no , but there are similar movements growing more and more everywhere in western europe . 
  actually , significant anti-eu leftist movements hardly exist outside portugal , greece and italy ( if we include m5s ) . 
  i agree that there are anti-eu movements across we , but most of these are currently taking the view that their country should stay in the eu but change it , rather than leave the eu . 
  this makes me think they do n't have much leverage . 
   hungary , poland . . 
  i do n't think hungary has unilaterally ignored eu law . 
  poland is currently engaged in a power struggle with the eu and the outcome is uncertain , i agree . 
  i am not somebody that ignores polls and it sounds like we agree about this one . 
  [ i would point out , though , that polling industry in the uk has not covered itself with glory in recent years . 
  the polling company that advised the uk government and the remain campaign did an opinion poll on 23 june in which they found a ten point lead for remain . 
  they also told cameron separately that they thought the margin for victory for remain would be even higher than that . 
  ] ( http://www.spectator.co.uk/2016/07/how-the-pms-pollster-pal-called-it-wrong-again/ ) the moral of this story is that we know that opinion polls in the uk have problems with sampling and/or underlying methodology that go above and beyond the normal margin of error assumptions . 
  so while the headline might technically be accurate , the story as a whole needs a health-warning . 
   i 'm not sure you 're fully aware of what the uk want , when it comes to bank regulations ... actually , this is something that i follow extremely closely and my area of work . 
  for years the uk position has been that the uk should be allowed to increase capital requirements for certain british banks , whereas the french and german position is that the uk should not be allowed to do this ( to preserve the level playing field ) . 
   at least those posted here on / r/europe mirrored the referendum result pretty well . 
  this is legitimately the first poll i see having a majority for `` stay '' . 
  from a statistics point of view , this poll also mirrors the referendum result , in that it is within the margin of error of the referendum result . 
  thanks - this is really interesting . 
  my strong view for years is that it was a mistake for portugal to join the euro and that portugal should leave the euro . 
  it is hard to predict the future and i am sure you know much more about the political situation in portugal than me and what the consequences will be . 
  but i do n't think that this battle is really going to be decided by portugal , because 20 % of votes is way too few . 
  the eu knows that a majority of portuguese want to stay in the euro and thus the extreme left bloc in portugal do n't really have any leverage . 
  the country to watch is italy in my view , where it seems that there is much stronger anti-euro feeling !, 
   so uk wants to leave the eu to imposer harsher restrictions on banks ? 
  i did n't write harsher restrictions , i wrote higher capital standards , which is not quite the same thing . 
  in some areas the uk wants to liberalise and get rid of eu law and in other areas the uk wants harsher standards . 
  this is consistent with the position of the uk prior to the referendum in the lead up to the capital requirements directive and is also consistent with long-term views of the bank of england . 
  it is also entirely unsurprising - the regulatory needs of a country with a global financial centre are not likely to be exactly the same as those of a country without a global financial centre . 
   this is the first poll that says something else . 
  i am pretty sure that there have been other polls since the referendum that have said that there is a majority in favour of staying in the eu . 
  i do n't think this poll changes much . 
  my point still stands though . 
  they have never in the past been able to unilaterally ignore eu law and win . 
  i am not sure why they think they could do this now . 
  this is one of the reasons why it is imperative that the uk leaves the single market . 
  the uk needs to be able to require banks in the uk to comply with higher capital standards than is currently required by eu law . 
   how exactly ? 
  worst tool the eu institutions have is imposing a fine . 
  hardly a weapon to win a battle with . 
  give me a single example of a small member state unilaterally deciding to ignore eu law and winning . 
  this is interesting , but all it does is change the names of the people in the portuguese government . 
  it does n't change the power of the portuguese government . 
  an anti-eu leftist party is not going to extract any concessions from the eu any more than cameron could or tsipras could . 
   they can , they could suspend the fiscal compact for themselves for example if it no longer applies to all members . 
  if they did decide to take that step , then they would be in a power struggle against the eu institutions which the eu institutions would win . 
  either you are in the eu or you are not . 
   the ecj is only in play if the supreme court is deadlocked the supreme court ca n't be deadlocked because there will be an odd number of judges . 
  also , deadlock on a question of uk constitutional law is not a reason to go to the ecj who have no jurisdiction in relation to uk constitutional law . 
   i doubt they would find that acceptible if that 's true . 
  what if they do n't find it acceptable ? 
  they can write a strongly-worded letter i guess . 
  but they ca n't actually do anything about it . 
   they have quite some explaining to do to portugal , italy , ireland , spain , greece and possibly more . 
  those countries know what the deal is . 
   they can always ask russian banks for money . 
  the ca n't do that easily . 
  political party funding is highly regulated . 
  this is why i think that ultimately theresa may will have to force through brexit . 
  if she does n't , the party will split . 
  brexit is now necessary for the survival of the tories . 
  pretty diverse . 
  i ca n't understand anyone [ north of watford ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/watford_gap ) or [ south of balham ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balham,_gateway_to_the_south ) . 
   that mps changed their mind is guesswork . 
  not quite . 
  some have gone on the record to say that they are now in favour of leave because of the referendum . 
  others have not said anything at all . 
  in a democracy the way to make a decision is via the ballot box . 
  the people that did not vote to not get to decide . 
   for like market reasons ? 
  not immigration associated with it ? 
  primarily because i do n't agree that legislative convergence is a good in itself . 
  i think that the uk regulating in a different way from the eu will be in the end more democratic for everyone and lead to improved regulation for everyone . 
   but it is what is told privately to these mps that matters . 
  i can see may allowing the whip to be violated just to let her wash her hands of the whole thing . 
  i do n't think that this will happen because the eusceptics in the conservative party will ultimately refuse to be part of a conservative party that does not have a manifesto commitment to leave the eu in the next general election . 
  i do n't think that she will risk splitting the party . 
   yeah . 
  give us a call when you 'll be a net exporter . 
  til then you 're poorer . 
  economics is much more complex than that . 
   parliament is incredibly pro-eu . 
  something like 75 % -80 % of the body . 
  i think parliament was incredibly pro-eu . 
  whether or not they still are is a much less certain question . 
   i do n't think any brexiter actually wants to leave the single market . 
  i want to leave the single market . 
   that does n't mean leave is their number 1 priority though . 
  it is the number one priority of the government though and they will likely three line whip any vote . 
   wait ? 
  is n't the pound lower ? 
  the pound is currently lower than it was . 
  however , this is not quite the same as saying people are poorer and is also not a prediction of what will happen in the long term . 
   and you as an economy with a trade balance deficit have to pay more for the same goods ?
