  but in a cute way because those old paths and steps everywhere are kind of cool . 
   i love this place , seville in general is a damn beautiful place ^ __ ^ i find it a really impressive city but almost too grand !, 
  ( i like more relaxed places like salamanca or la coruna or zaragoza ), 
   the xenophobia i have to deal with is a nuisance i could do without but that 's about it . 
  you 'll be delighted to know that most british people have a very positive opinion of romanians . 
  i voted to leave the eu ( because i hate the eu ) but i love romania and romanians ? 
  i know this is going to sound bad , but when i used to live in italy i used to buy either pandoro or panettone indiscriminately . 
  i used to like both of them . 
  do any italians feel neutral in this way ? 
  or are only strong feelings possible ? 
  this goes beyond fake news . 
  the guardian ( and in fact much of the left ) is basically living in a fake world with a fake reality . 
  annoyingly they want the rest of us to live there too . 
   i think the some are still hoping to somehow use the eu to change the course in turkey . 
  the uk is doing this with increased vigour ... 
  yes , i do . 
  but also i do n't care . 
  ok - that sounds sensible - but let 's make sure they get on with it - otherwise we will have to take charge . 
  luckily the uk just needs to sit back and watch the eu fragment itself . 
  you get other days which we do n't get though ... we do n't get november 1 for example ... 
  this does not surprise me . 
  the deal the uk would should offer switzerland would not require switzerland to change its regulatory structure . 
  when can you sign ? 
  they did not go begging round europe . 
   i think this issue is more the eu not wanting to hand over its banking sector over to the swiss though instead of being slow . 
  i agree that there is this motivation , personally i think it is misguided . 
  the uk does not have this same reason though , which is , i guess , another good reason for brexit - wanting different things . 
   their reliance on european funds kind of destroys any semblance of a point you have there wales relies on funds from the rest of the uk . 
   eu is not sharing the financial services with switzerland . 
  this has sort of been a frustration that the uk has with the eu ( the eu is relatively slow at doing deals in services with other countries ) and is something that i hope the uk will do after brexit . 
  i think the uk should out in place an agreement with switzerland that relates to financial services between the uk and switzerland as a priority . 
   so it would enable more suitable agreements , more in line with everyone 's wishes . 
  agreed . 
  and , even if nothing gets agreed with the eu , it still makes sense for the uk to join efta just for the free trade with the efta nations . 
   however , efta does not automatically mean euro banking passports , that is as far i am aware a seperate treaty since the freedoms are not inherent to efta unlike the eea ( accepting freedom of capital is a nobrainer requisite for the banking thing ) switzerland does not have a banking passport with the eu at all . 
  the eea states do have a banking passport with the eu . 
  personally i am not in favour of the banking passport model anyway ( because , effectively , it means the uk is not in control of banking regulation in the uk , which i do n't think the uk can tolerate given its financial sector ) . 
  i 'd favour a bilateral deal between uk and eu focusing on equivalence , but i do n't think it is essential . 
  happy birthday !, 
  also , lol at the wikipedia entry : '' * 1660 : the english began to dominate the trade in port wine from portugal after a political spat with the french denied them bordeaux wines . 
  brandy was added to the portuguese wines to fortify them for the atlantic voyage . 
  together with the restoration of charles ii in england , the `` port connection '' had an increasingly positive influence on anglo-portuguese relations . 
  * '' hear that france ? 
  do n't try any shady shit during the brexit negotiations . 
   opening the efta route to brexiteers i think uk will ( and should ) join efta but i do n't think it makes sense to copy the exact same deal the swiss have with the eu ( which is not itself an inherent part of efta , but bilateral between switzerland and the eu ) . 
  does this mean valls ? 
  ouch, 
   i think he 's one of the best journalists out there because he goes out to talk to the people who vote , rather than snowball theories with other pundits in london 's tv sofas . 
  i agree , he is very good . 
  ( but , equally , many other journos are shockingly bad ... ), 
   `` what 's important is clarity . 
  you ca n't pick and choose what you want ... there has n't been sufficient clarity , '' ayrault said , adding that the eu remained fully united in not negotiating on anything before article 50 was triggered . 
  french do not understand british . 
  france and the uk have very different attitudes towards uncertainty . 
  france is an uncertainty avoiding country , uk is an uncertainty accepting country . 
  if you do n't understand why the uk voted for brexit without there being any plan currently in place and why a lot of people in the uk are still happy for brexit despite the uncertainty , this is the explanation . 
  british people do n't mind uncertainty in comparison to e.g. 
  germans , french , italians . 
   it 's more that he 's expected to be bad for the us economy , so the # will look better compared to the $ . 
  gbp and eur did not react to trump in the same way . 
   as a side note the sterling currency union actually causes serious issues for at least one of the united kingdom 's constituent countries ( wales ) . 
  wales does not have separate sovereign debt . 
  it also does not have radically different unemployment levels from other parts of the uk . 
  it also benefits from fiscal transfers from other parts of the uk . 
  we also had lots of wars during that period with other countries , but sometimes we just paid other countries to go to war instead . 
  agreed - it is interesting that not only uk and poland seem to have low unemployment compared to the ea19 , but also very different economies like cz , hu , dk , sw , ro and bg also seem to have relatively low unemployment . 
  hopefully croatia catches up soon !, 
   it does n't even make sense , we have n't even been at war with the uk for 200 years while we 've been at war with our other neighbors several times since . 
  those 200 years still do n't make up for the previous 800 years ... 
  when did italy become the country you compared yourself to ? 
  there are n't different parts of the sterling currency union which have separate sovereign debts , unlike the eurozone . 
  obviously the consequences of being in a currency union with a country should not be the same as not being in a currency union with a country . 
   i mean , is it really more suspicious that maybe immigrants are n't draining the economy , than the fact that there is unseeable matter which can only been seen by a big tube in switzerland which gives mass to particles ? 
  i have not made any argument that immigrants are `` draining the economy '' . 
   and i 'm saying that it 's funny how your skepticism only starts shining through when it comes to issues when you have a dog in the fight . 
  you are mixing up cause and consequence here . 
  i do n't just get a dog in the fight and decide to be sceptical . 
  i consider issues , some of them i am sceptical about after consideration , others i am not , others i take on trust as i do n't feel competent to consider them ( higgs boson ) . 
  the ones i am sceptical about will naturally lead to a dog in the fight , the ones i am not sceptical about will naturally not lead to a dog in the fight . 
   when the overwhelming majority of economists agree that there is no evidence of immigrant wage suppression , apparently we 're all qualified to study their arguments without training . 
  people with minds can argue about economics even if they are not trained in economics , just as people with minds can argue about law even if they are not trained in law . 
   as long as you use those extra taxes to fund the appropriate infrastructure i dont see where the problem should be at least from an economic perspective . 
  cultural might be something else of course i think it is a bit more complex than that , because funding appropriate infrastructure is more of a long-term thing . 
  we should also remember that if country x is benefiting from immigration , that means country y is experiencing emigration and that might not always be positive . 
  there are also the cultural factors you point out . 
  however , i have never argued that the uk should not have high immigration and in general terms i do agree with you . 
   we are specifically talking about economics . 
  i 'm not talking specifically about economics , i am talking about the eu referendum generally . 
   what the actual fuck are you talking about ? 
  your stance is ` we will be better outside of the eu ' . 
  for someone who talks a lot about arguments , you 're not actually providing any ( not that the arguments you might provide will not have already been scrutinised , of course ) . 
  and your stance is that we will be better off inside the eu and i have not seen any arguments from you either . 
  however , i have argued this point extensively in the past and will do so again later ( when i have more time ) . 
   by definition it has the best predictive power of human thought , and as such it is fact by definition . 
  it simply predicts the consensus . 
  it does not say whether or not that consensus is correct . 
   if you say so . 
  you will be aware that economists are changing their expectations for uk growth all the time . 
   ah , so you agree then that immigration does not supress wages . 
  i have not made any argument about it either way .
