  however , i am not comfortable with the tax-payer bailing out the investor . 
  ultimately depositors in high interest rate accounts of overseas banks are investors and should take responsibility for their decisions . 
  if banks are breaching their product selling regulations , then individuals should sue banks and claim compensation and regulators should take action against banks . 
  i still do n't think that the taxpayer should be liable . 
   firstly , none of franc borrowers should be helped . 
  they knew the risk . 
  agreed . 
  the taxpayer should not be liable for the investment decisions of private individuals . 
  private individuals are the ones who benefit when investments work out and they should also therefore take the hit when investments do n't work out . 
   particularly in areas like tax and banking ... tax is a particularly complex area given cross border corporations and cross border trade . 
  it makes sense for tax to be transparent and to connect taxation to profits earnt in a particular jurisdiction and the g20 has done some good work in that regard . 
  however , it does n't make sense for pan-national bodies to decide the level of taxation as that will reduce the ability of countries to put in place business friendly low taxation laws , if that country 's democracy wants to do that . 
  the level at which individuals and corporations are taxed and the way that a state spends that money are profoundly political questions and we should keep those questions part of the democratic process and allow different political parties within national democracies to campaign either to increase or reduce taxation . 
  the more we take this power away from our elected representatives the less power that we as voters have to decide how we want to be taxed ( which would be regrettable for democracy ) . 
  one of the reasons why we over regulate in the eu is because we have got rid of regulatory competition by harmonising too much regulation . 
  it only really makes sense to put in place pan european regulatory frameworks if you believe that the eu can magically always get regulation right and speedily reform regulation when circumstances require reform . 
  ( we know these things not to be true ! ), 
  in areas where eu regulation is not harmonised ( e.g. 
  insolvency law ) there is regulatory competition between eu member states , which encourages regulatory innovation . 
  the uk and ireland , for example , put in place a more business friendly `` scheme of arrangement '' system , in which solvent reorganisations can proceed speedily if sanctioned by a majority creditors and approved by a court . 
  this kind of scheme did not exist in much of europe with reorganisations requiring unanimous consent of creditors ( which can make solvent reorganisations practically impossible ) and some european companies have therefore sought to use the uk sheme process and the uk courts to get round their own regimes . 
  recently , as a result of this , spain has reformed its solvency law to make it more similar to the uk system and this has been very encouraging for spanish companies needing to be rescued . 
  when different regulatory regimes are in place , policy makers are better able to do comparative analyses to assess how effective a regulatory regime is . 
  when everyone has the same regime it is much harder to do an analysis into how effective it is because there are fewer comparative points . 
  there is also a reduced incentive to improve a regulatory regime because all european countries are equally impacted negatively . 
  the eu is keen to put in place a european insolvency law . 
  for the uk of course there are risks to this approach as the nature of the european legislative process ( in which everything involves lobbying and compromise ) is that we end up with the lowest common denominator and a confusing impractical regime . 
  once the eu puts in place a regulatory regime , the process for reforming it becomes extremely difficult and cumbersome , taking many years even when it obviously does not work . 
  once the uk leaves the eu i am hopeful that the uk will rethink its entire approach to regulation . 
  this will enable in the future uk and eu policy makers to properly compare regulatory regimes and innovate further going forwards , changing regulatory frameworks to the needs to the 21st century , benefitting all of us . 
  georgian deputy fm did n't get the memo about it being discriminatory to talk about eastern europe . 
  we 're meant to talk about central europe these days . 
   the differences caused by being in the eu and not being in the eu will form a type of border . 
  insofar they 're territorially limited they will need to be enforced by default . 
  not really . 
  this depends on whether or not the uk is part of the european customs union . 
  if it is , then there will be no border whatsoever . 
  if it is n't , it will be like the current norwegian/swedish border ( which in practice is hardly checked ) . 
   if the uk exits the eu , there will be borders . 
  the uk would be the one changing the situation . 
  the eu is n't throwing out the uk . 
  no , there wo n't be borders . 
  the uk and ireland are not in schengen . 
  the uk wo n't put up borders . 
  ireland wo n't put up borders . 
  british and irish people do n't want borders . 
  the uk is not going to put up borders though . 
  ireland wo n't either . 
  it seems only to be the eu that wants to damage the peace processes . 
  ( no surprise ), 
  the calais people wo n't be entering the country . 
  they will still be in calais . 
  it wo n't become easier for them to get to the uk . 
  no , it does n't . 
  ireland and the uk are already both outside the schengen zone . 
  ireland and the uk do n't want a border and it would be totally wrong of the eu to try and put one there . 
  this means sarko is next president ... 
  ouch . 
  the political aspect behind this is that hollande said he wo n't be socialist candidate next time round if unemployment does not consistently fall . 
  no the uk will not draw up a border . 
  the uk does not want a new border . 
  ireland also does not want a border . 
   what will britain do when the schengen countries figures out a solution ? 
  be pleased that you have sorted out your shit and then still not join the schengenzone . 
   it 's unrealistic to think that everything can be negotiated to the uks benefit . 
  some of those things like sepa and roaming fees just to name a few are related to internal mechanisms . 
  visa policies are generally mirrored so introducing visas and restricting work rights for citizens of an eu country would likely mean uk citizens need visas to travel and work visas to work in those eu countries . 
  the law related to roaming fees is pointless . 
  in a competitive market it is a mistake to regulate prices . 
  the market chooses prices . 
   are you really trying to turn it into a dirty divorce ? 
  no , the uk wants a happy divorce . 
   as it is , the current situation allows for free trade between the three countries . 
  if the uk changes that , it 's the uk 's fault . 
  not really . 
  the uk wants free trade with ireland . 
  ireland wants free trade with the uk . 
  if the eu tries to stop this free trade , then the irish will get pretty pissy with the eu and rightly so . 
  i 'm really not surprised by this from the european commission . 
  we 're playing the blame game and we need a fall guy . 
   how does the uk stop people from other parts of the eu entering the uk post brexit ? 
  they have free movement in ireland , then if there 's no border they have free movement in the uk ? 
  free movement and entering the country are totally different concepts . 
  free movement is to do with the legal right to work , not the ability to physically enter a country . 
  the uk does not care too much about other europeans physically entering the country ( i.e. 
  people coming for tourism purposes , study purposes , business meetings etc ) . 
  the concern is with people permamently moving to the uk for work . 
   i 'd have thought the uk would want the border in the context of brexit ? 
  no , pretty much nobody in the uk wants a border with ireland . 
  no , but nor is switzlerland . 
  also , i thought you were making a point about free trade , for which free trade agreements are relevant . 
   leaving the eu would likely demote the uk to efta membership like switzerland , norway , iceland etc. 
  this is a promotion and not a demotion . 
  and while i think efta is better for the uk than being in the eu , it is not my first choice of arrangement . 
   that would indeed allow more freedom when it comes to internal policies but the eea still comes with a few obligations such as : - free movement of workers from eea members ( yes , including pl , ro , bg ) including residence and free travel - contributions similar to eu budget contributions efta is a series of bilateral arrangements and the extent to which free movement of workers is part of that is negotiated individually . 
  though it seems now you are talking about eea rather than efta ? 
  budgetary contributions made by norway ( per head of population ) are significantly lower than those made by the eu . 
   leaving the eea as well and negotiating a separate free trade agreement would likely only cover free movement of goods and would cause problems with : - exporting services to eu countries , including implications for air travel - moving capital in/out of eu members + sepa allowing low commissions for money transfers - impact on financial sector - owning land , companies in eu members - treatment of taxation - possible visas for uk citizens , if not for travel then for work ( as uk is not even schengen ) what would be covered by a fta is up for negotiation . 
  it could cover services as well as goods . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by air travel and owning land .
