  what would be helpful , if you ever feel comfortable doing it , is if you see the posts of eusceptics getting downvoted , to specifically write a post asking people not to downvote them . 
  unfortunately when i mention it , i just get even more downvotes ;-), 
   by this reasoning you could claim parliamentary deputies are not elected , just parties . 
  in the uk , the names of parliamentary deputies are on ballot papers . 
  i think therefore it would be hard to claim that those people were not elected . 
   regardless they do n't know the list of deputies and therefore your point with regards to the leader would also fit said deputies . 
  in the uk there are n't lists in general elections . 
   all that could be said of national elections . 
  actually , in the uk the people understand the system . 
   i 've also lodged a complaint about your behaviour and reccomend anyone who has issue with your poor conduct in this thread do the same . 
  dude , you 're the one who is downvoting me in breach of rediquette . 
  in what respects is my conduct poor ? 
   then these are just your own half-argued opinions and you should n't be surprised when people dismiss them . 
  it is not my half-arsed opinion that the uk could put in place its own human rights regime . 
  if the uk can be instrumental in putting in place one for europe , of course it can put one in place in the uk . 
   you seem to be intentionally and constantly misrepresenting this guideline . 
  people are allowed to disagree with and dismiss your posts through downvoting . 
  that 's not up for debate . 
  that 's not the intention of the rule , to protect you from criticism whenever you moan . 
  they can find fault with your arguement for any number of reasons that do n't involve disliking you personally . 
  you are simply going to have to put on your big boy pants and deal with that . 
  please note that you are downvoting me in breach of rediquette . 
  [ you will see that a moderator has now posted on this thread to remind people not to downvote people in breach of rediqette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2aybcr/david_cameron_will_promise_to_take_britain_out_of/cj0pdgt ) and apologised to me for the way others are behaving by downvoting me . 
  given this , i would suggest that at this stage it would be good if you apologised to the moderator involved and also to me and stopped downvoting me just because you do n't like my opinions . 
  the correct way to deal with posts that you disagree with is to argue against them , rather than downvoting them . 
  many thanks in advance . 
   everybody i know had . 
  [ it sounds like the people you know are not representative of people on the continent ] ( http://www.aecr.eu/media/aecramr-european-election-poll.pdf ) . 
   one can argue participation in national parliamentary elections to be low , much lower than it should be . 
  i think the fact that participation in national elections is higher that eu elections is relevant . 
  if it is problematic that national elections have low participation , than it is more of a problem that eu elections have lower participation . 
   many of not most voters are just sympathisers with a party , much like they are with a football team , and that 's all they base their pick on . 
  in that case , it would make sense that they elected a party . 
  not that they elected juncker . 
   in any parliamentary elections we actually vote primarily on a list of candidates to parliament deputies , and rarely does any voter know any of the people on the list they vote for . 
  however , we almost always know the name of the person who is the leader of the party we are voting for , and the names of the main people who are likely to end up as pm or president . 
   you can criticise people . 
  i 'm not someone who believes in critcising the people . 
  if the people are n't understanding the system , it is not the people that should be changed . 
  it is the system that should be changed . 
   they still elected him . 
  this is something of a moot point . 
  participation in the elections was low . 
  many people voted on the basis of national considerations . 
  many people did not have any idea of the spitzenkandidaten process or follow any of the coverage . 
  many people had not heard of juncker . 
  i personally do not think that in this context it makes sense to say that the european voter elected juncker . 
  `` elected '' in my mind implies something stronger than that . 
   and , more importantly , he was defeated by the european voter who elected juncker . 
  european voters have not heard of juncker . 
   that 's a hilarious thing to say for someone that not twelve hours ago was arguing in favour of cameron wanting to withdraw the uk out of the european convention of human rights . 
  maybe such values are indeed moving eastwards , moving out of the uk ? 
  being a signatory of the echr is not the same as respecting freedom , democracy , the rule of law , a free press and the right to property etc , is it ? 
  there are many countries in the world that are n't signatories to the echr that to respect those values ( new zealand ... ) and there are countries that are signatories to the echr that do n't respect those values ( like russia ) . 
  the headline here is a bit misleading unfortunately . 
  the article itself is very brief and does not really add a great deal . 
   the brits will seek to exclude london from any sanctions . 
  toothless . 
  will they ? 
  the current sanctions eu sanctions apply to london . 
  i 'm not sure why you think any new eu-wide sanctions would n't ? 
  i work in london . 
  my own business could potentially be affected by new sanctions . 
  however , i really think that the uk is much more hawkish on this than the rest of western europe . 
  obviously , eastern europe is more hawkish . 
  i agree overall with this . 
  ultimately this is a sign of russia getting weaker rather than stronger . 
  if we take a longer view of the last 50 years , values like freedom , democracy , the rule of law , a free press , the right to property etc have been moving eastwards . 
  whenever you give people the freedom to choose , they choose freedom . 
   so i would support my government taking most of the possible measures , militarily or otherwise . 
  of course cooler heads will prevail , but i hope our government will take extra measures , which will probably be in the form of sanctions i 'm not sure if it the right time for military measures , but it is certainly the time for more extensive sanctions ( it was actually the time for this some months ago ) and i hope that my government is the first to support your government in this . 
   three years ago , i liked russia . 
  in my view it was fairly clear what kind of democracy russia is long before three years ago ... 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_websites_blocked_in_the_united_kingdom . 
  https://wiki.openrightsgroup.org/wiki/website_blocking . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_censorship_in_the_united_kingdom . 
  i looked at your links , but they showed examples of sites that were blocked because of child pornography or copywright issues . 
  presumably your country also has legislation in relation to this too , and some websites are blocked under that legislation ? 
  i did n't see any examples of specific websites that i did n't think should be blocked , but do let me know if you can see any . 
  this is really what i am asking for . 
  a specific site that is blocked by the uk firewall , that you can access in your country , that i ca n't access , that is n't due to some kind of technical legal process like copywright or some kind of criminal activity like child pornography . 
  i think my question is a fair one : what can you access that i , behind the firewall , ca n't access ? 
   but my personal favourite is the tori party deleting old internet freedom speeches from their website and archive.org , while this is not `` forced upon '' censorship like blocking sites , it is censorship and it gives you insight into the mindset of the people developing and pushing these programs . 
  i agree that it is somewhat shabby of the conservative party to delete from its website some of its history . 
  however , everyone who has a wesbite , including the company i work for and my running club , sometimes deletes content . 
  this is n't really what censorship means . 
  the underlying material can still be accessed , just not from the conservative party website . 
   there are tons of other articles about u.k. internet censorship , just google . 
  yes , but many of them seem to relate to the voluntary code of conduct in which isps ask consumers whether or not those consumers want certain websites to be blocked . 
  i personally said `` no '' to this , and i am not really sure what the problem is . 
   there was a window of opportunity when the syrian opposition was overwhelmingly secular . 
  unfortunately the uk parliament is in large part responsible for that window of opportunity being missed . 
  it is true that at the time of the uk parliamentary vote that they did not know that the window would be closed , but i still think , had i been a uk parliamentarian , i would have voted with the government and not against the government in this case . 
  i think the uk government had sufficiently clearly made its case . 
  ( i 'm really not by inclination a hawk , but there are times to be hawkish and argubaly now is a time to be hawkish in relation to russia . ), 
   i would highly support military support from my country . 
  it is still very hard to know what kind of response is the correct one , however , i hope that my country , at the right time , is the first to join the netherlands in a strong , proportionate and clear response . 
  the time for being dove-ish with russia has ended ( and in my mind ended a long-while ago ) . 
  my brother-in-law is dutch . 
  i 've just called him to say that my condolences are with the family and friends of all the dead in particular , but also generally with the entire dutch nation who will all be affected by this aggressive and evil act .
