  i 've no idea what sharia law says about bonds being issued to women . 
  it might be the case that these bonds can only be issued to financial institutions , thus the question of gender discrimination does not arise . 
   if those ships have the same quality as their cars , russia owning them would be an advantage for nato !, 
  today is the anniversary of the british attack on the french navy at mers el kebir in 1940 . 
  sinking french warships is an optional bit of fun during peace-time , [ but during war-time it is * de rigeur * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attack_on_mers-el-k%c3%a9bir ) , whoever happens to own the shops at the time , whether or not france might be one 's current allies . 
  sorry , france !, 
  no long-term harm done to the entente cordiale , non ? 
   then why do you shirk for a systematic funding ? 
  are brits shirking from systematic funding ? 
  my understanding is that the uk is n't shirking from systematic funding . 
   claiming that the uk will never be unlucky is preposterous . 
  this is n't what i 'm claiming . 
  i 'm claiming that in relation to the recent floods in the uk , it is correct that the relatively wealthy british tax-payer paid the bill , rather than the relatively poorer tax-payer from other jurisdictions . 
  i forgot to mention that the uk government just issued the first sharia compliant soverign bond by a nonmuslim country . 
  i 've not yet looked at the documentation for that , but my expectation is that in order to get sharia compliance , the uk government will have needed to confirm that any future disputes relating to that bond will need to be resolved according to sharia principles . 
  in my view this makes sense . 
   if they 're just private arbitration between consenting individuals they do n't need official recognition . 
  i do n't know much about sharia courts , but i believe they also cover things like landlord and tenant disputes , bank accounts and probate in addition to family disputes . 
  the english courts have a notoriously flexible and accommodating approach to recognising and giving effect to judgments made by any court with competent jurisdicition using any legal system . 
  in my mind , sharia courts are just another example of this flexibility . 
  in this respect , the english courts are , in my view , correct to enforce judgments of sharia courts in all circumstances other than in circumstances in which a fundamental principle of british justice is in question . 
  obviously , in certain family law disputes , these fundamental principles will be in question and in these circumstances the british courts should not give effect to or recognise the judgments of any sharia courts . 
   based on what arbitrary definition of demos ? 
  you just say that as if it 's an objective fact , but it 's just an assertion . 
  i agree , it is an assertion of an opinion , based on my own experience of british people and continentals and my knowledge of british culture , history and political and social attitudes . 
  in your opinion are brits part of a european demos ? 
   it 'll keep everyone connected , but it will also pave the way for a more stable euro and the first real step to create a federal state . 
  everyone gets what they want . 
  the majority of danes who do n't want a federal state would n't get what they want . 
   what makes you think the uk has a soft spot for russia . 
  i have a soft spot for russians and russian literature ... russian government ? 
  not so much !, 
   with all of that coverage , asking somebody `` from what you have seen or heard , do you think david cameron has been right or wrong to oppose jean claude juncker ? '', 
  i 'm sure a lot of people would have come to the conclusion that he was right . 
  yes , but by opposing jean-claude juncker , cameron is specifically asserting his right , as british pm , to reject the spitzenkandidat . 
  thus , it you agree that cameron should oppose juncker , it naturally follows that you believe that the cameron 's authority is greater than that of the spitzenkandidat . 
  this means that you do n't support the spitzenkandidat system . 
   barely anybody even knew about the spitzenkandidaten system before the election . 
  you just have to look at how many mentions junker got in the media pre - and post-election to see that , so i fail to see how that translates in to a lack of support . 
  ukip campaigned specifically on a brexit ticket . 
  anyone who wants a brexit automatically does n't want a spitzenkandidat to have power over the british people . 
  the conservatives campaigned specifically on a renegotiation , a repatriation of powers and a referendum . 
  it would be astonishing if anyone who voted for the conservatives , and therefore supports a repatriation of powers , supports the spitzenkandidat system . 
   labour barely even mentioned the eu during their election campaign . 
  it does n't mean that they 're suddenly euroskeptic . 
  it just means they they thought they would have an easier time winning votes by talking about anything but the actual issues because , well , they 're incompetent and the best they can do is point out that the tories are even worse . 
  as for opposing junker , he 's the spitzenkandidat for another political party - of course they 're likely to oppose him . 
  you ca n't draw the conclusion that labour voters are against the spitzenkandidaten system from that , though . 
  labour opposed schulz prior to the election and then juncker after the election . 
  the rest of the s&d grouping did the exact opposite of this , and are voting for juncker in the parliamentary vote , primarily on the basis that he heads the grouping with the largest number of seats . 
  labour , by not following this are showing that they are totally out of step with the rest of the s&d grouping in relation to the spitzenkandidat system . 
   it 's absurd to complain that the eu is not democratic enough and then oppose reforms that make it more responsive to the voters . 
  democracy requires a demos . 
  britain is not part of any european demos . 
  it does n't make sense for brits to share common governance with continentals . 
  my feeling is that he is correct in saying that a vast majority of brits want to end free movement of people into britain . 
  this view is a mainstream one . 
  perhaps i 'll try and take a look at the literature then . 
  however , i 'm not convinced that a difference in relative gains that would cause the uk to end up with the same kind of problems that singapore , australia and canada have is really something to be worried about . 
  britain is not a small economy though , it is a large economy . 
  i see that singapore ( a much smaller economy than the uk ) has various ftas , including with the usa . 
  do these ftas represent poor outcomes ? 
  both parties can win with trade . 
  trade agreements are not a zero sum game, 
  i 've no idea , but it might be on their website . 
  the fact that brits support cameron in opposing juncker , who specifically stated on terms that he opposed the spitzenkandidat system , is strongly indicative that brits oppose the spitzenkandidat system . 
  the fact that a majority of brits voted for political parties that , specifically stated that they were opposed to the spitzenkandidat system prior to the eu elections , is strongly indicative that brits are opposed to the system . 
  the fact that the labour party opposed schulz , then told schulz not to come to the uk to campaign , then did n't mention the spitzenkandidat system in their manifesto , then supported cameron in opposing juncker is likely to mean that labour voters are also against the spitzenkandidat system . 
  the aecr poll , while not asking the exact question , is also indicative of the feelings of brits . 
  do you have any evidence to suggest that brits do support it ? 
  yougov opinion polling indicates that most brits think cameron was right to oppose junker . 
  also , most brits voted for parties that did not participate in the spitzenkandidat system . 
  also , this polling shows that most brits do not support the system . 
  given that the vast majority of people in the uk do n't want the spitzenkandidat system , it is right that that british government is campaigning against it . 
  i 'm personally pro-immigration into britain . 
  however , i think it is a somewhat complicated issue and there are both positives and negatives ... 
   because they are n't immigrants but european citizens . 
  they are european citizens , but they are not british citizens . 
  they are immigrants into britain . 
   then why give a rambling speech in the new european parliament about ukip 's relations towards cameron , the lib dems , etc. 
  ; and hijack the floor to whine about ` immigration ' and some incoherent thoughts about how juncker got elected ? 
  because the people who voted for ukip want that . 
  this is how democracy is meant to work . 
   turning its back on europe . 
  no , simply deciding that it makes sense for the uk 's international relations to be balanced between europe and the rest of the world , and not unduly tied to europe . 
  [ hopefully this link works ] ( http://www.rmt.org.uk/about/policies/political-circulars-and-submissions/2014-european-parliament-elections-no2eu-yes-to-workers-rights/ ) . 
  rmt are behind a political party called `` no2eu yes to workers rights '' . 
   i honestly do n't think countries like germany , france or poland by themselves could 've reached that deal . 
  and that includes the uk . 
  the usa has agreed free trade agreements with canada , australia and is negotiating one with new zealand . 
  i would have thought that if the uk were not in the eu it would already have agreed a free trade deal with the usa given that the rest of the anglosphere seems able to . 
  however , the uk agreement would include financial services , whereas the eu one looks like it wo n't . 
   it 's in the country 's best interests to remain in the eu ( as cameron and many others have already said ) , but you people are free to vote whatever and that 's a healthy thing to do . 
  cameron 's position is not that it is best to stay in the eu , but that it is best to say in a reformed eu . 
  if he does n't get the reforms he wants , then he can campaign for the uk to leave . 
  currently , the uk is not getting the right reforms . 
   it 's not a matter of wheter you believe it or not , a great part of the appeal uk has in many investors is its access to the eu market as , again , many others have already commented . 
  ideally , we will still have access to the eu markets outside the eu . 
  the eu and the uk will want to keep on working together after a brexit , given that the uk is the eu 's largest export market . 
  my hope is that the eu and the uk reach a sensible agreement about trade that takes effect once the brexit takes effect .
