   you did for years , and even had a referendum in 1975 remember ? 
  the single market did not really exist back then . 
  however , we have now changed our mind about the entire project . 
   simultaneously wanting to be a part of it to fully be against further progresses in integration and also far away to ask for more opt-outs and exempts and special treatments than anyone in it . 
  so - it suits you that we are leaving . 
  and it suits us . 
  this is great , you get to have an eu without us and we get to be outside it . 
   i severely doubt the uk will ever be able to strike the same deals the eu did , especially considering that compared to the internal market , the uk is very small and dedicated production would be far less profitable to a tiny country like the uk compared to a whole continent that redistributes heavily into the rest of eurasia . 
  singapore manages . 
  i guess the uk will too . 
   you have yet to address financial markets , again . 
  which are a very important part of the british economy ( debatably the backbone of it , especially as seen as the inequality between london and the rest of the uk ) . 
  i work in financial services . 
  uk is a global financial centre for many reasons , but eu is not really relevant here . 
   you directly elect the european council ( national leaders ) and also the european parliament , your government appoints both the commission and the council of ministers ( literally our own ministers ) . 
  democracy is not just institutions ( though they matter ) it is also about common sense of identity ( which does not exist in the eu ) . 
   so if the uk disagreed with it in the past then it could literally just have said `` no '' . 
  yes , but the difficulty here is that in the uk our constitution is such that one parliament can not bind another . 
  we can always change our mind . 
  we decided that we wanted competences returned from brussels and it turned out this was impossible with the way the eu works . 
   you have yet to say why the eu would want the uk to succeed you clearly do n't want the uk to succeed . 
  however , i love your country and would be delighted for you to succeed . 
   or how both can succeed . 
  what exactly do you consider a bilateral success ? 
  high economic growth , peace , low unemployment . 
   yet you want your borders back the uk and ireland are going to maintain the common travel area . 
   and you can not maintain equality among irish and uk citizens because uk citizens will no longer be eu citizens uk is going to allow irish citizens all the rights in the uk that they currently have . 
   as well as the fact that importations on free trade especially for dairy produces in either side of ireland will closely need inspection . 
  yes , we can have a great free trade deal to ensure that this trade continues easily . 
  both uk and ireland want this . 
   reat job , you threw years of peacemaking processes and developments into the backburner , northern ireland is still peaceful . 
   also , spoiler alert : you can not have free trade with ireland without having free trade with all of the eu , which needs to be approved by all eu members . 
  hopefully the rest of the eu will accept that a free trade deal is necessary . 
  but if the eu does not want a free trade deal , then blame them , not the uk . 
  the uk is clear it wants one . 
   so the uk basically wanted to go for the us , who has more blockades and more protectionist measures towards third-degree entities ( as the uk is for the us and will be for the eu ) , for roughly a 5.3185 % potential increase ( even though there is absolutely no legal nor economic way to make the uk access all of the us market , because to fully have access to a market it requires assimilation so the uk may gain even less access ) . 
  no , the uk wants global free trade . 
  it is possible to have free trade with both the us and the eu . 
   you had unconditional access , including labor and capital we do n't want to be part of the single market , thanks . 
   not to mention all the ftas that were adjacent to it uk will be able to have ftas with those countries too . 
   again , what did the uk gain ? 
  we no longer outsource bits of our democracy to a body that does not function democratically . 
  this is fantastic for both the eu and the uk . 
  hopefully you will join me in making brexit a success !, 
  you get to be in the eu ( which you want ) and we get to be out of the eu ( which we want ) . 
  this works for everyone . 
   now that labour is lead by a lunatic left wing extremist it is time for the lib dems to pick up some votes . 
  the tories will say `` vote libdem get corbyn '' . 
   not the agenda , which is done by the european council , which is literally our national leaders and nothing passes without everyone being onboard . 
  i am talking about single market regulation , which has qualified majority voting . 
   and the irish ? 
  and what about their industries ? 
  uk is very committed to maintaining free trade with ireland . 
   and what about the uk 's financial markets who are about to lose access to the biggest market in the world ? 
  the eu is n't the biggest market in the world any more . 
  the us is a bigger market . 
   too bad you already were and literally had the power to veto any decisions you did n't like ... no , this is not the case . 
  single market regulation is by qualified majority voting . 
   yet there are already talks of a 2nd referendum a majority of scottish voters are about to vote for parties who are against there being another referendum . 
   on the basis that the uk was staying in the eu , now things have changed so they might think otherwise now at the time of the scottish referendum , it was not known how the uk would vote in the brexit referendum . 
  scottish people will express themselves in a month 's time in the uk general election and we should watch closely . 
   i do like that people recognize that this is the way the majority has chosen and that they will try to make the best of it . 
  i agree . 
  i think for most people the issue was decided last year . 
  this election we are about to have is not seen by most people as a repeat of the referendum . 
   obviously the eu would never give this accession to the uk without the uk first accepting eu laws and paying for it , australia and new zealand basically give each other full access for each other 's market without accepting each other 's laws or paying for it . 
  so it can be done . 
  it is just a political choice and reflects the level of protectionism countries want . 
   but i think that its better to negotiate them from a strong position such as the one of the eu . 
  i believe it is better to do them quickly and be prepared to offer full access and work hard to reduce protectionism in one 's own market . 
  primarily i am interested in ensuring that british consumers have cheap goods and services . 
   so your argument is that the current elected seats do not have the right but the next will ? 
  broadly yes . 
  i am not convinced by the scottish green party 's manifesto commitment on a referendum . 
  i think that the scottish electorate will be scrutinising manifestos with added rigour going forwards . 
  which in my eyes will give greater legitimacy . 
   in promising additional powers that majority did not materialise and that lovely `` stop playing games '' quip from may , makes me doubtful that westminster will turn to respect pro-independence majorities in the next elections . 
  we already know that westminster did respect a clear pro-referendum commitment from the snp because you already had a referendum . 
  so it is not a question of turning in my view . 
   i apologise for any irritation that may have come across , and hope you understand any frustrations . 
  apologies accepted and offered in return . 
  actually , i know that politics is inherently an emotional issue which people on all sides feel passionately about and we therefore have to end up respecting people . 
  the rough and tumble of debate is part of the deal - the internet is perhaps not a good place to explain emotions in a polite way . 
  i am pleased that we managed to stay civil and respectful !, 
   you said you would give the eu total free trade if you were to decide so i guess you want to be in the single market ( obviously without paying the eu or following eu laws and that 's why it is impossible ) . 
  no , i would give the eu complete access to the uk 's market . 
  that is not the same as saying that the uk should be in the eu 's single market . 
   each fta have different rules and exception so it 's not really free trade . 
  and i would minimise those exceptions as much as possible . 
  some countries have far more exceptions than others . 
   i thought that you wanted the eu to give the u.k. access to the single market like it never brexited i do n't want the uk to be in the single market . 
  but i do want there to be free trade generally across the entire liberal democratic world . 
   the metric by which scotland wants something is by what their elected representatives want , and the majority of the parliament voted for a second referendum . 
  arguing otherwise and saying people can vote for other elections is irrelevant , the current assembly has the right and used it . 
  as a matter of law , the scottish government does not have the right to pass referendum legislation by itself . 
  when looking at what scottish people want , we obviously have to consider how people vote . 
   i did attempted to present to you a strategic argument for accepting this truth , rather than confronting you on it as you already appear to reject it . 
  i am not ignoring your argument and i am not saying it has no validity at all . 
  i just do n't consider it a slam dunk and an end to the question over whether there should be a referendum . 
   do you have a supposal for what an actual metric of choosing another referendum would be ?
