  no , scottish people do not want to be in the euro . 
  shame for him that it will be angela that gets to decide this , when she overwhelmingly wins the german elections i guess . 
   so your arguments are : ( 1 ) the eu is not that powerful ( yes it is ) , no it is n't . 
  it has no army . 
  it has been mired in low economic growth and high unemployment for years . 
  it just had its second largest economy vote to leave . 
  with each election that passes , fewer people vote in its parliament . 
   and ( 2 ) we 've had enough of experts . 
  actually , just because someone might be considered an expert , that does not mean they are correct . 
  we know that experts have been wrong about many things in the past . 
  blindly trusting experts is the ultimate in anti-intellectual thinking . 
   check out this report by your own hm government : yes , governments end up changing their positions as a result of elections . 
  welcome to the real world . 
   i think you 're deluding yourself from the reality of the eu 's future regulatory influence on the uk in order to justify your preconceptions on brexit having been a good decision . 
  i think you are deluding yourself about the eu 's power . 
   i 'll go ahead and trust the distinguished academics who have spent their lives analysing these dynamics and concluding that the uk will be heavily affected by the brussels effect . 
  appealing to authority does not make your argument correct . 
  we already have evidence that authorities got things wrong about brexit . 
   it does n't matter if a majority of uk businesses do n't trade with the eu , the only thing that matters is that if enough of their trade volume goes to the eu , it becomes more convenient for them to adhere to eu standards for all their products , including those sold domestically in the uk . 
  i am not missing your point . 
  there are some businesses that do no trade with the eu whatsoever . 
  they will not consider eu single market regulation at all in the same way that they will not consider japanese regulation . 
   the uk will need to follow eu regulations if it wants to maintain passporting rights with frankfurt/paris/etc . 
  the uk will not want to maintain passporting rights . 
  the key for the uk is being open itself . 
   this is so hilariously wrong that i 'm now convinced you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . 
  honestly , are you talking based on facts or are you just around your pro-brexit agenda for the hell of it ? 
  the chapter on subsidies provides that canada and the eu will not grant any export subsidies this is not the imposition of regulation , this is both sides committing to open their markets . 
  i see you have deleted your previous comment . 
  however , my response to that comment is relevant here . 
   the uk wo n't be in the eea procedurally , but it will almost be so substantively . 
  no it wo n't . 
   first of all , the uk will have some sort of preferential trade agreement with the eu like ceta , which will impose more regulations on it than the average third country . 
  we do n't know exactly what the future trade uk/eu trade deal will be like , but ceta does not impose regulations on canada . 
   second , uk businesses , and especially services , have a much higher volume of trade with the eu , which will make both forms of the brussels effect much more pronounced on the uk than other non-eu states . 
  a majority of uk businesses do not trade with the eu at all . 
  with each year that passes , the percentage of trade that the uk does with the eu has been falling . 
  this trend is likely to speed up . 
   add to that the interconnectedness of london and other technology hubs in europe + the immense amount of air travel between uk and eu , and you can see why they will end up de facto adhering to most eu standards - mostly to maintain economies of scale and convenience . 
  london is a global financial centre . 
  it has also been the main driver and dominant force in relation to global standards in financial services . 
  it is likely that the eu will de facto adhere to the global standards that the uk will be instrumental in setting . 
   dressing up this is the bit you actually care about . 
  they can either operate on the level playing field instead of leeching off of others , or become a shithole . 
  what level playing field ? 
  there is no global or european level playing field on taxation . 
  also , we continue to be a one of the few european countries that is committed to spending 0.7 % of gdp on international aid and one of the few european countries that is committed to spending 2 % of gdp on defence . 
   edit - correction . 
   now , they will face the same fate as norway and switzerland : adhering to almost every eu regulation without having a say . 
  norway is in the single market . 
  switzerland is largely in the single market . 
  the uk will not be in the single market . 
  there is a big difference here . 
  those uk businesses that choose to deal with the eu will have to comply with eu law , just as those uk businesses that currently choose to deal with japan have to comply with japanese law . 
  i am voting for the tories because of their brexit policies . 
  financial services :-), 
  `` access to the single market '' does not have a legal definition . 
  of course the uk should not be a member of the single market . 
  but of course it will still have access to it . 
  i know that canada is not a member of the single market . 
  but it does have access to the single market . 
  that is not the same as not having access . 
  it means we wo n't be a member . 
  the commission briefed a story to a newspaper . 
  that is not transparent . 
  the term `` access to the single market '' is not a legal term in any legal contract . 
  the uk will not be a member of the single market . 
  that is not the same as not having access . 
  yes you can . 
  every country in the world accesses the single market . 
  their terms of access vary . 
  neither of them are in the customs union which is what is relevant here . 
  access to the single market is not the same as membership of the single market . 
   would n't a norway deal mean you have to obey euro laws without a say in them ? 
  broadly , yes . 
  though i suspect that brits , like norwegians , would still prefer that to being in the eu . 
  if i were faced with norway deal or eu i would choose norway deal . 
  however , that is not the choice we are facing . 
  we do n't have to stay in the single market . 
  they were not transparent with the people of the uk . 
  they briefed a newspaper anonymously . 
  that is not transparency . 
   customs clearance is not free ( no matter how efficient , someone will pay for it ) . 
  i agree that there are some costs to customs clearance and that those costs are paid by consumers . 
  these costs are outweighed by the reduction in tariffs that brexit will bring about . 
   also , countries can charge vat for goods imported outside of the economic area . 
  this depends on the trade deal which will be made . 
  agree . 
  however , as a free trader my strong preference is for the uk to reduce these . 
   at least at the very beginning when the other eu companies are not used to uk customs processes and vice versa , the confusion will most definitely choke some of the deliveries right at your harbours and logistic terminals . 
  i am not convinced that there will be significant difficulties , though i agree that the uk needs to educate companies in advance . 
  eu companies manage to export to switzerland and norway after all . 
  you have not offered any rationale for `` begging to differ '' or even said whether or not you `` beg to differ '' from me . 
   i see you never have worked in export or import business . 
  i am an exporter of legal services . 
   good luck to pay extra taxes and getting week longer delivery times for all eu goods . 
  why would delivery take a week extra ? 
  uk has incredibly efficient customs clearance processes . 
  and what extra taxes ? 
   surely they should be praising the eu for being transparent the eu were not transparent with the uk government .
