  the eu is simply too big and can do much better without the uk than vice versa . 
  honestly , the eu does not want a brexit at all . 
  this gives cameron huge bargaining power . 
   the negotiating position for the uk is better if the negotiations are made with the largest economic market in the world backing it up . 
  i just do n't believe this . 
  the uk is the fifth largest economy in the world . 
  if iceland can organise free trade with china , i am pretty relaxed about the uk being able to do it . 
  the uk can also organise a trading relationship with the eu . 
   switzerland is somewhat a bad example , they are too much of a different country in different circumstances and in a much smaller scale . 
  i find this a weird argument . 
  people think that small countries like switzerland are fine outside the eu . 
  and that big countries like the usa are fine outside the eu . 
  to me it seems madness to say that small countries can do it and big countries , but not not middle-sized countries like the uk . 
   nothing wrong with those . 
  compromise and agreement are fine things . 
  in the uk , the parties are coalitions within themselves . 
  the tory party is a coalition between three wings ( the `` one nation tories '' , the `` free market thatcherites '' and the `` faith , family and flag group '' ) . 
  i prefer the compromise and agreement to have to take place before i vote rather than after i vote . 
   i 'd argue that the uk is more connected to the eu market than it is to the canadian market . 
  it does n't help you if you speak with the same voice if there is no economic reasoning behind it . 
  also , the eu market is on a whole different level than the canadian one ( sizewise ) market sizes change . 
  the uk should ideally have free trade on its own terms with as much of the free , liberal world as possible . 
  switzerland seems to be able to do this . 
  there is no reason why the uk should n't manage either . 
   also , there are reports on the flaws of your voting system . 
  some even wrote opinion papers that the uk should become more `` german '' ( federalism , voting system , coalition governments ) , i deem this completely unrealistic however . 
  we all want to become more german . 
  we want to do all the great things you do , have nice bread and pastries , cross roads safely , save money , have opera houses in every city , win world cups and become more german . 
  but we ca n't . 
  we 're not good at that stuff . 
  we 're good at different stuff ... 
   however , a renegotiation for uk implies a change of the treaties and this means other members may also want to adjust the relationship with the eu one way or another . 
  this . 
  a renegotiation is a great opportunity not just for brits , but for all eu citizens . 
  hopefully not just the uk gets to have a referendum , but many eu countries ask their citizens to vote on the changes . 
  let 's not be afraid of the people and make an eu for the people . 
  i think we can all agree that the current eu treaties are not quite fit for purpose . 
  most obviously and urgently , they are not capable of managing the greek crisis and i am sure that all of us and particualy euphiles want the eurozone to integrate further and become a full fiscal union . 
  it 's going to be a great ride , the next few years . 
  buy stocks in popcorn . 
   i \u00b4 d like to see europe be more united fiscally . 
  uk wants exactly the opposite . 
  we can both win . 
  the countries that want to unite fiscally can do that . 
  the countries that do n't want to ( uk ) , do n't have too . 
  everyone is a winner . 
   so now it begins . 
  the real battle that concerns all of us . 
  it is good battle for us all to have . 
  we have waited too long . 
  this is not just britain 's interest . 
  it is also france 's interest . 
  any actually everyone 's . 
   why not vote for the conservatives then , if you know you want to see their leader in power ? 
  the high ukip share of the vote is going to keep cameron honest on the eu negotiation . 
  it gives him a lot of bargaining power in brussels . 
   because the free trade is only one thing and because a europe speaking with one voice has a better standing and better chances in the worldwide competition , be it economics or political influence . 
  why would the uk want to speak with the same voice as germany any more than we would want to speak with the same voice as canada ? 
  there is no point speaking with the same voice as someone if you do n't agree with what they are saying . 
  out of interest , what is the german reaction to the uk election ? 
  what are the german media saying ? 
   when 63 % of the people did n't choose them , getting representation ( well , not all people in that 63 % have it ) in 49 % of the seats of the commons . 
  the mainstream view is not to have the conservatives . 
  most ukip voters ( me for example ) wanted cameron in power . 
   cameron 's disastrous approach to continental diplomacy what is important for cameron is pleasing the british electorate , not pleasing continental leaders . 
  he is right . 
  also , think about your true feelings on this . 
  why are you so worried about a brexit ? 
  what are you really worried about ? 
   but you have to admit , that my scenario of the likely future does n't sound all that far-fetched . 
  actually , i do think it sounds far-fetched . 
  look at the problems that the eu has with integration : the growth of sceptics , the problems with the eurozone which have now gone on for more that five years . 
  i do not think that the eu staying together is a certain or even likely scenario . 
  the peoples do not seem really keen on it . 
   so how come that does n't happen in germany or scandinavia or new zealand , etc ? 
  i do n't know enough about nz politics to comment . 
  in scandinavia we do see the political fringes with power and we are starting to see it in germany too . 
   all that you 're saying makes a certain amount of sense , but only in the context of the british election system . 
  yes , i 'm talking about the british electoral system . 
  i 'm not talking about the norwegian electoral system . 
  i 'm happy for norway to have a different electoral system and would not dream of criticising the norwegian democracy . 
   i 'm not at all convinced by it , and in fact i consider it essentially us lite , but if you guys feel it 's working then by all means . 
  unsurprisingly , there are some similarities between the uk and us political systems . 
  though there are also massive differences . 
  we have a constitunial monarchy , they have a president . 
  we have parliamentary sovereignty , they have a constitution . 
  we have a culture of liberties , they have a culture of rights . 
   because , you know , why experience the bad things of the eu if you can get out and only profit ? 
  exactly . 
  but this then begs the question . 
  why does n't every country get out of it and profit ? 
  we can keep the free trade . 
  just get rid of the rest of the stuff . 
   now it turns out losing votes does n't actually translate to losing seats . 
  tell that to the labour party and the liberal democrat party !, 
   now , do you think those goals are more likely to be achieved if your party has one seat in parliament , or thirty ? 
  ukip are not going to achieve brexit . 
  farage is not going to achieve brexit . 
  farage and ukip were just a useful part of the journey . 
  but the moment they stop being helpful ( which is now ) it is time to find a new vehicle .
