  that seems to be what you think is a problem . 
  i am an innocent person until i am proved otherwise . 
  ask the police how they prove i am guilty of something . 
  i do n't need to prove anything to the police - including my identity . 
   the eu can not succeed if it remains a patchwork of half assed commitments because nobody trusts each other . 
  it can not succeed even more if it forces a currency on an unwilling population . 
   but how do you prove that ? 
  i do n't have to prove that i am a law abiding citizen . 
  the burden of proof is not on me . 
  the burden of proof is on the police . 
   the reasons matter little , i 'm more interested in how you actually prove it the very idea that i have to prove my innocence or prove who i am to the police is exactly why we should n't have id cards . 
   the uk is currently led by nationalist and bigoted plebs . 
  it is n't . 
  the uk is a mature liberal democracy . 
  our government is from this democratic tradition . 
  my hope is that brexit will end up moving the uk closer to classical liberalism . 
  sadly our current prime minister is not ideal in this regard . 
  i agree that north america is a good influence on this . 
   but then , how do you prove it to them ? 
  why would i ever need to prove my identity to the police ? 
  i am a law abiding citizen . 
  the police never need me to prove my identity to them . 
   or they arrest you then let you go : why would they ever arrest me ? 
  that circumstance should never arise in the first place . 
  yes , it is very sad . 
  the uk used to be a bastion of classical liberalism , but it seems that even we are giving up on the idea . 
   for example with the police this is one of the reasons why i do n't like the idea of id cards . 
  i do n't like the idea of thinking that i might have to prove who i am to the police . 
  we 're not at all anarchic as you say !, 
  but this is one thing that we feel quite strongly about . 
  i really like it when i can go to the polling station and vote and i do n't need to take any id . 
  they just believe i am who i say i am . 
  to me this is a sign of a trusting culture and a trusting culture is one that works well . 
  the day we have to have id cards is the day that we admit we no longer trust people 's word . 
  that would be a sad day for me . 
  i think that is the complexity !!, 
   you do n't decide the value of your currency , the market does . 
  it is a good thing that markets do this , not a bad thing . 
   but id cards are a contentious subject then for legal , historic and cultural reasons we have not liked id cards . 
  the idea of people trusting who you say you are has been important culturally . 
  it is n't just the uk - there are almost no common law countries where id cards are obligatory . 
   i like how similar to america this is . 
  it has been the same in all common law jurisdictions . 
   you know that is a huge reason why illegal immigrants are so obsessed with going to the uk right ? 
  it 's a pretty big deal i 'd say . 
  yes , but that is not a good enough reason for id cards in my opinion . 
   then how do they know you 're not voting for someone else ? 
  they trust you . 
  this rule comes from a time when the uk was a very trusting culture . 
   no they are n't people just do n't want to pay for them . 
  i do n't want id cards as a matter of principle . 
   there 's also a thing called contractual obligations that are to be respected . 
  sweden commited to join the euro , so we should bhold them accountable for that . 
  as a matter of law , though , sweden can only adopt the euro after being in the erm . 
  and there is no contractual obligation to join the erm . 
  the contractual obligation to join the euro does not have any deadline . 
  so sweden is not in breach of its obligation . 
   if they changed their minds about that that is ok , but it should not be without consequences . 
  the consequences are that they do n't get the benefits of the euro . 
   there are limits to what should be respected as a valid democratic opinion or decision yes , if swedish people wanted to kill all first born children , that would be against the limits of a valid democratic opinion . 
  but not adopting the euro is not outside the limits of acceptable democratic opinion and we should therefore respect it . 
   if there 's an unpredicted exogenous shock like adverse weather or a major volcanic eruption blocking sunlight then there would be food shortages . 
  these things happen whether or not there are subsidies or tariffs . 
  however , they do n't happen across the whole world at once . 
  if there is some adverse weather event that impacts uk and ireland for example , we are better protected if we do n't have tariffs so that we can more easily import . 
   i am not a smoker myself . 
  i find it pointless to be honest . 
  but just because i find something pointless or even damaging that does n't mean i should impose my views on everyone . 
  smokers want to smoke ? 
  they should be free to do so . 
  at the cheapest price possible . 
  wow , another liberal . 
  i thought i was the only one left . 
   since sweden agreed to adapt the euro eventually they should n't be allowed to postpone that indefinitely . 
  if swedish people do not want to , we should respect their democracy . 
  i agree , this post is pointless . 
   honest question : what 's the point of having to register ? 
  you only need to register if you are not already on the register . 
  you get added to the register automatically in most cases . 
  if you moved house recently , you might have to re-register . 
  or if you just became 18 , you might have to ensure you are on the register . 
  it does n't save money . 
  taxing people then giving money back to them is inefficient . 
  it is also not the purpose of taxation or the benefit system . 
  the benefit system is for people that need benefits . 
  rich people do not need benefits . 
   an improperly structured world free market in agriculture risks being overly efficient at the cost of resilience . 
  the market would be more resilient if distortions like subsidies and tariffs were removed . 
   like i said that money is then reclaimed through higher taxes . 
  best not to tax them that amount in the first place if you are just going to give it back to them . 
  benefits should be for the people that need them , not for very wealthy people . 
   that is how most countries other than the uk ( which is n't really a country ) work the uk is a country . 
   it without violating peoples rights by taking away things they are entitled to . 
  there is no reason at all why millionaires should be entitled to a winter fuel allowance . 
   people starve to death if there 's food shortages . 
  there are n't food shortages in the uk . 
  if we remove tariffs , there will be cheaper food . 
  uk maintains them because it is eu law . 
  obviously , people that receive subsidies will be annoyed when they stop receiving them . 
  but that it is not a good enough reason to subsidise people .
