  lagarde is actually more popular outside of france than inside france , so i am not sure if she would walk it ... also , i 'm not sure if ump will want her . 
   it is perhaps not by pure coincidence the the british tried to prevent the cap on budget deficits by trying to torpedo the fiscal pact . 
  the uk was correct not to sign up to the fiscal pact - as we are outside the eurozone this really has nothing to do with us !, 
  however , i note that many of the countries that did sign up ( france and italy in particular ) are now trying to relax the rules of it and are certainly not on course to comply with their obligations . 
  perhaps focus on them ? 
   we are all part of the global economy and ca n't always make the right choice since we do n't control the rules . 
  a europe that can agree on how to regulate financial markets will be in a much better position to decide on its own economic choices . 
  this is about the choices of individual corporates . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , i am sure european corporates will continue to choose to list securities in london . 
   sovereigns sometimes end up with the wrong advice . 
  the greeks used the `` qualified people '' from goldman sachs to help them fiddle the balance sheets in order to get into the euro . 
  that has cost them dearly . 
  but i 'm sure gs made a profit out of it . 
  it has cost greece dearly . 
  certainly , to the extent that gs were professionally negligent they should be sued . 
  i would advise greece to try and sue them ands this would certainly be a case i would like to take on . 
  however , i would expect that any court of law would find that the greek state contributed to their own downfall and any money they can recover from gs would reflect that . 
   out of curiosity , do you have any link for that ? 
  [ the first bailout was direct contribitutions . 
  the second bailout lowered the interest rates on those contributions . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/assistance_eu_ms/greek_loan_facility/ ), 
   1 ) hedgefunds who buy high risk loans in risk of default on a speculative basis to make an indecent profit should be payed back in full after other creditors have taken losses ; my position has been as a matter of english law they should be paid back . 
  when i advise sovereign issuers , i advise them that this is the law . 
  if they do n't like this law , they really should n't choose english law for their debt . 
  they know the risks . 
  sovereigns can employ the most qualified people to advise them . 
   2 ) normal banks which provide loans for trade or infrastructure projects at low interests ought to take the losses , or in general , those people that make bad investments should take the losses , rather than the taxpayer . 
  do you disagree ? 
   3 ) the tax payers ought to take the losses so that the speculators should be rewarded . 
  no , this is not my position . 
  i am not saying taxpayers should take losses . 
  i do n't think taypayers should bailout speculators . 
   sovereign states generally do n't borrow from hedgefunds . 
  they issue bonds which can be transferred to hedgefunds . 
  it they do n't want hedgefunds to hold their debt , they should insert transfer restrictions in the bonds . 
  the reason they do n't do that is because it would impact pricing . 
   it is the hedgefunds who pick up high-risk loans in risk of default for an apple and an egg to make a huge profit by using private arbitration courts and the like to screw countries at the poverty line so they get into debt even further . 
  almost no sovereign debt gives jurisdiction to private arbitration courts . 
  if sovereigns do n't want private arbitration courts to have jurisdiction , they should n't give it to them !, 
   if somebody gambles on high risk loans to profit at the expense of the poor , he deserves to loose his capital . 
  yes , obviously all investments are a risk . 
  i 'm not arguing that sovereigns have a moral obligation to repay . 
  just that they have a legal obligation . 
   lawyers who let themselves be used for this sort of exploitative abuse , are a disgrace to their profession . 
  lawyers are there to advise about the law . 
  they do n't write the law : that is for legislators . 
  the law is that if you borrow money , and then do n't repay , you can get a judgment against you !, 
  i 'm not sure why you think a lawyer should advise differently . 
   in europe , we prefer the serious investor who is in it for the long haul . 
  do you ? 
  well why do european corporates choose to list a lot of their debt and equity in london ? 
  and why do european sovereigns continue to do this ? 
  also , european corporates and sovereigns do n't insert transfer restrictions in their securities stopping speculative investors . 
   it does n't of course work like that . 
  the rescue funds borrow money from the market directly usually at aa or aaa rating because germany is part of the fund . 
  the member states just provide the guarantee without moving any money . 
  the bailout of greece was not just done by separate funds , but also from direct contributions from member states . 
   or are you going to argue that other politicians never use the truth to their advantage and thatcher never lied to get ahead ? 
  i 'm actually just making a narrow statement about what politicans say about the eurozone . 
  if there were other major european politicans prior to maastricht speaking out against the single currency , i would be keen to know about them . 
  if thatcher was the only one , that is interesting . 
  speaking out against the euro did not end up benefitting thatcher , it was ultimately one of the major causes for her being forced her out of office by her own party . 
   it would be much cheaper for the germans to bail out their banks directly instead of also having to bail out greek , irish , french , british , etc. 
  banks and the usual bunch of reckless profiteurs and hedgefunds . 
  i agree , if germans want to bail out german banks , that is something that should be a matter for them to do directly . 
   you are focusing on how thatcher predicted it as though it was a feat no one else managed to make . 
  i 'm not doing this . 
   your article . 
  it 's not my article . 
  it 's obourne 's article , which i linkied to . 
  i 'm just using it as evidence that thatcher predicted eurozone woes . 
   you add those to your own remarks about thatcher personally , like `` thatcher also was n't expecting upvotes from european leaders ... '' ( such a good leader !, 
  so averse to populism !, 
  wow ) . 
  thatcher was undoubtedly extremely populist , that 's partly how she won three elections . 
  getting on with european leaders is neither here nor there when it comes to populism . 
  leaders are not the populace . 
   to re-iterate : instead of saying `` yeah , it was predicted '' you are saying `` our grand lady thatcher predicted this !, 
  she was truly a prophet and a visionary ! '' . 
  i 'm saying she predicted it . 
  i 'm really not saying that others did n't predict it . 
  however , what politicians ( who ultimately shape policy ) say is more noteworthy than what other people say . 
   the leaders of other european countries at the time also knew it and current leaders also know . 
  they just pretend . 
  there is a big difference between pretending and not pretending . 
  thrown out of where ? 
  where 's the eulogy ? 
  i 'm just saying that thatcher predicted that the single currency would end up devastating the economies of the eurozone 's periphery . 
  i 'm obviously not expecting upvotes from r/europe . 
  thatcher also was n't expecting upvotes from european leaders ... 
   the eurozone is retarded . 
  it 's the only conclusion one can reach after things have come this far and we are still staying the course . 
  this was n't just predictable . 
  [ this was also predicted . 
  ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/peteroborne/100064330/margaret-thatcher-knew-the-single-currency-would-devastate-europe/ ) unfortunately , history does not really thank people who have difficult messages , even if those messages are ultimately proved correct ones . 
  my french friends are assuming that marine will be in the final round . 
  it is currently hard to envisage a scenario in which she does n't make it . 
  the question is who will her final round opponent be ? 
  i do n't think hollande can beat le pen any more and any socialist candidate is going to struggle against her . 
  the ump , despite their many problems , look like they have the next presidency already .
