  i have n't seen anyone argue that the uk should have a cap but no other countries should be able to have one . 
  you are arguing against a strawman, 
  where 's the hypocrisy ? 
  i ca n't see any . 
   all those british pensioners in spain will have jolly good time applying for new residence visas . 
  does spain want them ? 
  if it does , i expect it would likely make life easy for them . 
  if spain does not want them , then of course , it would make sense for spain as a sovereign nation to put in place limits . 
  i do n't see a problem here . 
  i welcome the decision being made by spanish democracy . 
   what makes it more racist then yank or frog ? 
  the history of its use . 
  maybe you should do some research into it ? 
   because it 's never , because these days we do n't want offend anyone , because pakistanis are more brown then us ? 
  as already mentioned , i am a strong believer in free speech . 
  however , deliberately causing extreme offense to someone about a characteristic that they can not help is not acceptable  or maybe because you are british and that 's why it 's more offensive to you then me . 
  it 's all subjective i guess . 
  british people are more aware of the history of the way this expression has been used . 
  however , the majority of educated users of the english language , whatever their own background are aware of its history . 
  i do n't think irish , australians , canadians etc would use that word . 
   if you want trade with the eu only you still have to comply with eu regulations . 
  only in relation to what is sold to the eu . 
  for example , south korea has a fta with the eu , but does not have to comply with eu regulations in relation to its domestic market . 
   first part , not so much , since it reminds of feminist style of play with words . 
  remember everything is offensive to everyone , and we should try not to offend anyone ? 
  i 'm really not pc or a feminist remotely though . 
  i strongly believe in the right to offend and am strongly in favour of robust free speech laws , freedom of press and so forth . 
  however , i am sure that even you would agree with the principle that in a forum where we want to promote civil dialogue there are some limits on what we can say . 
  the list of words that are so offensive , which should only be used with extreme caution is actually a short list , but `` paki '' is on that list because of its history . 
  it is not remotely in the same category as `` yank '' or `` frog '' for example . 
  it is one of the very few words which is off-limits . 
   what i 'm arguing is that word can be used without it 's connotation , i mean to me , and since i did not knew about this term , it was just shortened version of the word pakistani . 
  some words are so offensive that they should be used with extreme caution , whatever your intention . 
  if you use them , you can cause offense and come across as a racist even without having the intention to do so . 
  obviously , there are some people who do n't have english as their first language who might not be aware of how offensive a particular term is . 
  that 's why i informed you . 
  now that you do know , because i told you when you first used it , you can stop using it . 
   racist terms are like all other terms , they are invented . 
  i have no idea what you are trying to argue here . 
   here , here we go again . 
  bullying me over your racists terms , well guess what , they are racist to you not me , and ... 
  there are some terms which are clearly racist , others which are clearly not racist , and some which fall in the ` penumbra ' about which an argument can be made . 
  `` paki '' is clearly racist . 
  do some research into it . 
  this is not some subjective opinion of mine . 
   i would certainly rather talk with like minded pakistanis then with you , if it would warm your pc heart i 'm really not a pc type at all . 
  however , i do believe that pakistanis should be afforded politeness . 
   or perhaps i did not known that is offensive and did not care huh ? 
  never thought about this huh ? 
  i have seen paki used by plenty of people without none other negative words , so to me it was just shortened version . 
  anyways i will stand adamant on my positions , and will not let be bullied over words , this exchange is over . 
  if you do n't care about using racist or offensive language , this sub is not the right home for you . 
  there are plenty of places on the internet where you can use this language . 
  this is not one of them . 
  the expression `` paki '' is not a neutral abbreviation . 
  it is extremely offensive . 
  i am not bullying you , i am telling you that you should stop using extremely offensive and racist language . 
   or what ? 
  are you gon na blow yourself up and murder him to revenge the honor of your culture ? 
  this is not about honouring my culture . 
  it is about whether or not we accept racist terminology to be used on this sub . 
  perhaps you are happy with the use of racist terminology ? 
  if so , i suggest you go somewhere else , because this is not acceptable on this sub . 
   paki , pakistani , it makes no difference for me , if it 's racist in your society , then it is your society 's problem . 
  we have other derogatory terms . 
  no , it is extremely offensive to pakistanis when this expression is used in the english language . 
  if you want to use the english language and you use that term , you will be causing extreme offense to pakistanis . 
  now , i can understand if you did n't know . 
  however , now you do know , you really should stop using this . 
  or perhaps you want to use a term which is extremely offensive to pakistanis ? 
   what makes the people there more worthy of pushing up housing demand ? 
  if you follow your argument you should be for building a wall around your county until people have enough housing . 
  either the uk has limits on immigration or it does n't have limits on immigration . 
  currently , the uk has limits on immigration in relation to non-eea citizens but not in relation to eea citizens . 
  from a moral and infrastructure perspective , there is no reason why we should treat non-eea citizens any different from how we treat eea citizens . 
  personally i think we should not have a preference of one over the other and look at things like skills , the impact on housing and infrastructure and so forth . 
  to do this , the uk will have to leave the eu . 
   no more pakis perhaps you were n't aware , but this expression is considered extremely offensive and almost always used in an extremely racist context . 
  you might like to amend your post so that it says `` pakistani '' . 
  he will not front the `` remain '' campaign . 
  politicians will end up doing that . 
  the uk has peers and economic partners all over the world . 
  it should n't prioritise one part of the world ( particularly the one with weakest economic growth ) over other parts . 
  the uk should leave the eu as soon as possible and regain control of national democracy . 
  any austrians want to comment on this ? 
  i guess the headline is the increase in the fp\u00d6 score . 
  to me it looks like an increase but not a dramatic one , so perhaps wo n't have a massive consequence ? 
  the city of london legal system for local elections is mostly ceremonial . 
  i used to live in the city of london and city of westminster for general election purposes and that had the same voting system as everywhere else . 
  living in the city of london would be boring on the weekends . 
  actually , i live just south of the city of london , by southwark bridge , if you want to google it . 
  i work in the city . 
  i like the exciting mix of architecture , a peculiar mix of very historic and very modern , altogether with no real coherent planning , yet somehow as a whole it works . 
  some of the hidden churches , courtyards , passages are really very beautiful . 
  the city of london is incredibly busy from monday to friday , but it is empty at weekends , which is a bit of a shame . 
  the uk constitution and culture generally reflect the city of london : a mixture of ancient and modern . 
  even the uk legal system and constitution , in which precedent is built on precedent in a seemingly haphazard way , yet making a coherent whole , reminds me of the city of london . 
  not quite . 
  norway are not part of the cap , the common fisheries policies , they can do their own free trade agreements . 
  also , norwegians prefer their own deal to being in the eu .
