  we can call it a banking crisis or we can call it a sovereign debt crisis . 
  what is important to acknowledge is that it is taking place in the eurozone , not in many other places in the developed world . 
  the point that the crisis needs to be dealt with by the eurozone is crucial here . 
  in my view this requires new treaties . 
  the reduced funds will be an annoyance , certainly . 
  they wo n't be a game-changer though . 
  ukip are much better at fundraising than they were a couple of years back . 
   the uk government was one of the very few that decided to basically not restrict freedom of movement/labour for citizens of the new eu members in 2004 -- when it was their right to do so for up to 7 years . 
  i believe it is deeply dishonest by the uk 's political class to blame anyone but themselves for whatever alleged problems there might be now because of that decision . 
  the current government is a different government from the one in 2004 . 
  there is no real reason why the uk 's current political class shold n't blame the uk 2004 government from the choices that that government made . 
  however , this discussion is about what the uk 's immigration policy should be in the future . 
  just because something was an arrangement in the past , this does not mean it has to be the arrangement for always in the future . 
  maybe the british public changed its mind ? 
  this wo n't be a big deal for ukip to be honest . 
  the game has moved away from brussels and strasbourg . 
  the game is now in westminster . 
   what 's right and what 's wrong is very much in the eye of the beholder i.e. 
  the one who 's writing history , is n't it ? 
  you got away with your 300 years of colonisation , suppression and enslavement quite easily . 
  i 'm not arguing that colonialism was right . 
  it was obviously wrong . 
  however , the uk was not isolated in europe about colonialism ( most of europe was colonial ... ) so therefore it is irrelevant to the discussion about being isolated in europe . 
   i wish i had your optimism . 
  do you not trust your own institutions and your own democracy ? 
  do you not trust the german people ? 
  this surprises me . 
  if this is the case , then germans really are different from brits . 
   and this is not the case with the uk and germany . 
  germany does n't really belong to the east or to the west it was always something in the middle , and we never really spoke the same language when talking about the same things . 
  germany is special because it does n't really belong to the east or west . 
  france is special because it is n't does n't really belong to northern europe or southern europe . 
  the uk is special because it both european and anglospherical . 
  of course , we are all somewhat different . 
  however , in my mind it is surprising that you think these differences mean that we can have a functioning eu government , but would not be able to work together effectively as independent nation states . 
   go and visit the exhibition about germany in the british museum in london . 
  it 's really good , i hear , and shows you our very different way of thinking . 
  a very good idea !, 
  go and visit the exhibition about germany in the british museum in london . 
  it 's really good , i hear , and shows you our very different way of thinking . 
   yeah , but it 's only when charges are being pressed against said person or when someone admits it . 
  sad though , the couple did n't seem to want him arrested obviously , he committed a crime and therefore it made sense for him to plead guilty . 
  his guilty plea means he will likely not receive any sentence and probably some very helpful and kind words from the judge instead . 
  this will ( hopefully ) enable him to find new work and new accommodation and integrate normally into society again . 
   oh it has been bad for germany , hugely and many times . 
  we are currently comemorating a 100 years of it . 
  here , what was bad was not being isolated . 
  it was being wrong . 
  it is bad to be isolated because you are in the wrong , but being isolated when you are in the right is totally different . 
   we need to be strongly contained in the eu for a large swath of reasons . 
  really ? 
  i no longer see these reasons . 
  germany is a mature democracy with strong institutions , like the uk . 
  germany will continue to be like this whether or not it is in the euro or whether or not it is in the eu . 
   and for your last point : i really have a hard time believing the uk and germany can be aligned too much in the near future . 
  out past is just a little bit in the way of that . 
  actually , i disagree on this point . 
  the generations that remember any war with germany are currently dying . 
  if the uk and france can become strong allies on a number of matters , it will be even easier for the uk and germany . 
  i think the plan was : 1 . 
  sign contract 2 . 
  cheap credit 3 . 
  party !, 
  gigantic economic crisis 5 . 
  gigantic political crisis 6 . 
  talk about the reason for the eu and the need for peace in europe . 
  talk about the war and hitler while negotiating a new contract . 
  sign new contract . 
  permanent free credit moving from germany !, 
  permanent party . 
  we will see what happens . 
  we are currently between 5 and about to start 6 . 
   and as a consequence germany is pretty much isolated in europe , again . 
  and that 's terrible news . 
  being isolated in europe is actually not too bad . 
  the uk is also isolated in europe and has been isolated in europe many times and we simply decided to call that position '' [ splendid isolation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/splendid_isolation ) '' . 
  being right is more important than having friends in europe . 
  i therefore think that germany does not need to worry about being isolated in europe . 
  if the eurozone breaks down ( big if ) then suddenly neither germany or the uk would be isolated in europe . 
  they would have each other and be very aligned on a huge range of matters . 
   there is a difference between the eu and the eurozone . 
  there is a gigantic overlap between the eu and eurozone . 
  the exact same people who predicted disaster for the uk when we did n't sign up to the euro are predicting disaster for the uk if we leave the eu . 
  i agree with you , there are some great things that the eu does fairly well ( single market ) which we should try and preserve . 
  there is a tonne of stuff it does terribly though . 
   it 's not so outlandish to expect the would-be-recipients to do as much as they can to fix this first before asking for permanent transfers to fix the reasonable imbalances . 
  did you see the french budget ?!, 
  the french government has just bascially said to brussels f.u. 
  to the idea of fixing stuff before they get the permanent transfers : it seems that france is a special snowflake who signs up to stuff and then does not comply with it . 
  next up is italy . 
  we 're now in a permanent stalemate , it seems . 
  who blinks first , france or germany ? 
   i 'm curious what is going to happen in the near future . 
  too bad we ca n't see what is being prepared behind closed doors . 
  i am also curious about it , because i am fairly certain that i will vote against it , whatever it is . 
  ;-) ( this is the reason why it is being prepared behind closed doors . 
  there is a massive political risk that the european people actually do n't want it and will vote against it . ), 
   it 's not that there was anything unclear about this currency union . 
  when you boil down all this maastricht stuff , it basically says : `` the euro is to be handled like the dm . 
  deal with it ! '',
