  taxation arrangements are essentially g20 negotiated . 
   if there 's free trade and movement between the uk and ireland , and free trade and movement between ireland and the eu , then there is free trade and movement between the uk and the eu too . 
  these relations are transitive . 
  while you are correct on trade , you are not correct on movement . 
  the uk can give free movement to ireland and ireland can give free movement to the uk without the uk also giving free movement to the rest of the eu or the rest of the eu giving free movement to the uk . 
  free movement among third countries ( which the uk will be when we leave ) is not an eu competence . 
   why is it the eu 's fault that the uk exits ? 
  if the eu was a lot less shitty , then the uk would not want to exit . 
  the eu is at fault for being shitty . 
  however , when it comes to trade between the uk and ireland and the border between the uk and ireland , both the uk and ireland want free trade and an open border . 
  if the eu tried to stop that for any reason , that would of course also be the eu 's fault and not the fault of the uk or ireland . 
  obviously it is true that northern ireland is part of the uk , but that a question is not connected to eu membership . 
  the majority of people in ireland and the majority of people in the uk are committed to the peace process and respecting the good friday agreement and the ability of the people of northern ireland to decide for themselves how they want to be governed , using the ballot box . 
  the uk 's position in the eu is a separate question from the question of whether northern ireland should be in ireland or in the uk . 
   and like norway and switzerland the likelihood of the eu having a free trade area with the uk after brexit without freedom of movement is non-existent i 'm not sure what you mean by free trade area , but there are several countries in the world ( e.g. 
  south korea , canada ) which have a free trade agreement with the eu but no freedom of movement . 
  andorra is not part of schengen and borders countries that are part of schengen . 
  given neither uk or ireland are part of schenhen and have a common travel area , andorra is not really a good example . 
  a better example is the norwegian/swedish border . 
  andorra is part of the european customs union . 
   norway is part of the eea , uk might not become a member because of the freedom of movement for workers rules . 
  no , you 're still wrong - europe is confusing , i know . 
  customs checks relate to whether or not a country is in the european customs union which is a separate thing from the eea ( which has nothing to do with crossing borders ) which is a separate thing from schengen . 
  you can be in the customs union without being in the eea ( like turkey ) and you can be in the eea without being in the customs union ( like norway ) . 
  assuming that the uk left the eu and did not join the eea or the customs union then , provided ireland did not join schengen the uk/ireland common travel area would persist and the uk/ireland border would be like the swedish/norwegian border . 
   but i think ireland has to treat any border traffic with uk as non-eu traffic . 
  which means everyone is subject to customs checks . 
  no , it would be like the swedish/norwegian border in which cars are generally not checked . 
  as some of the more interesting editorials in the irish newspapers have pointed out , it is somewhat ironic that 100 years after the easter uprising , one of the key events in the irish struggle for independence , the key foreign policy objective of ireland is to ensure that the uk does n't , by leaving the eu , abandon ireland ... 
  however , i do n't think that there is really a risk . 
  ireland is a strong independent grown up country with a strong democracy and a strong economy . 
  they do n't need to define themselves as simply being a island behind a bigger island . 
  a brexit will be great for both britain and ireland and be great for the relationship that our countries have learnt the hard way to forge together . 
   guarantee you , there would be something set up that would be similar to how it is now . 
  we 're mutually beneficial to one another to a large degree and there is a relatively special relationship there . 
  i quite agree . 
  everyone in ireland ( pretty much ) wants a good and close relationship with the uk . 
  everyone in the uk ( pretty much ) wants a good and close relationship with ireland . 
   we have at least 1300 policemen here for months even if our entire country is under terror threats , we pay them out of our own pocket . 
  we also have to deal with an entire city fucking pissed off , journalists looking for scandals , ngos , and respect their rights . 
  what would really make sense would be for you to police your own borders . 
  given everything she has said in the last couple of weeks , this can not come as a surprise for the french government . 
  however , it will surely be destabilising for them , given her position as darling of the left ? 
   please !, 
  quit europe as soon as possible so we could wide open those gates in calais !, 
  the existing calais arrangement is nothing to do with the eu . 
  it is an entirely separate treaty . 
  it is not about what the snp want , but about what the scottish people want . 
  if the scottish people elect the snp and the snp have it in their manifesto , then they should have one . 
  uk will continue to grow more than the eurozone as it has done since the euro zone was established . 
  england gets mps at westminster . 
  that is enough representation for me . 
   scotland can have another vote when the english get the ability to vote for england , and our own parliament . 
  i have no idea what you mean by `` vote for england '' . 
  i am also not convinced that english people want a separate parliament . 
  i certainly do n't want one . 
  turkey is pretending to apply for eu membership and the eu is pretending that turkey would be welcome in the eu . 
  but everyone knows that this is a pretence . 
  the fact that the process has been so drawn out means that it is a farce . 
  the scotland situation is totally different . 
   turkey would throw the biggest fucking fit in the history of the world turkey would not notice or care . 
  scotland will get another referendum when the scottish people want another referendum , on the same basis as they got the previous one . 
  we should never be afraid of the ballot box , we should welcome it . 
  we should never call voting an inconvenience . 
  if you believe in the uk ( as i do ) you should be able to make the argument for it . 
  if you 're scared of the ballot box you have already lost the argument . 
  thanks - i tried to express your second point when i wrote :  during this time the uk will , differently , give far more power to the scottish government . 
  but i think your explanation about if needing to involve a fundamental change in relations between england , scotland and the other constituent parts of the uk for the uk to be strengthened is clearer . 
  your other point about london being the middle man between brussels and holyrood is an interesting one that had n't occurred to me . 
  there has been some interesting comment on the changing attitudes and approach of the italian government to the eu . 
  there has also been some interesting polling showing changing italian attitudes towards the euro . 
  since the creation of the euro , italy has been one of the weakest economies in the eurozone by growth and by unemployment and we therefore should n't be surprised by changing attitudes there . 
   if , tomorrow , russia attacked poland , would the eu members collectively sit around proposing the creation of a committee to investigate the matter and start multi-year-political campaigns ? 
  of course it would n't be paralyzed , because it would know that this is important . 
  if russia attacked poland , nato would be the immediate responders . 
   so in theory they were being nice and taking more people , in practice they were just helping people go to germany . 
  this is what basically every single country along the balkan route has also done : turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , croatia , slovenia , austria . 
  just sent the migrants on to the next country on their way to germany . 
  ( this is of course totally insane . ), 
   the quota system is an attempt to sort out 1 in a fairly reasonable way . 
  it is n't really reasonable because it does not take into account : - the preferences of the migrants themselves who do n't want to go to eastern europe - the fact that most of the eu is in the schengenzone so in practical terms it is impossible to keep migrants in countries they do n't want to be in - the fact that different eu countries have totally different histories ( including those eastern european countries who have recently emerged from communism and experienced the brutality of policies like forced movements of peoples and western european countries who have a long history of colonialism and therefore much more experience of living in ethnically diverse countries ) - the fact that some countries are far richer than others and far better able to integrate refugees , provide jobs etc - the fact that most refugees do n't speak a single word of any eastern european language - the fact that the number proposed in the quota is far lower than the number of asylum seekers already in the eu - the fact that different eu countries have totally different demographies and employment rates and therefore different needs when it comes to immigrants . 
   germany ( and , to some extent , czech republic ) being the only country who 's stepped up and said - in some limited cases - ok then , if you 're not going to take these people back , we 'll look after them for now . 
  czech republic voted against quotas . 
  they are pretty much more against the policy than anyone . 
   the eu is a collection of european countries which i am confident can act quickly if they actually feel that their bacon is in the fire . 
  those countries have different interests , which causes the slowness . 
  it will stay being slow until every country gets on the same page ( currently not happening ) . 
   if war broke out , would it take a couple years of arguing to respond , or would governments immediately start taking action , however-imperfect it might be ? 
  syria has already been at war ( one of the main causes of the crisis ) for multiple years . 
  i 'm not sure what other war you are talking about , but i do n't see another one as being likely . 
   i 'd also like to think the eu would recognise the need for scotland to know exactly where it stands on continued membership if this scenario comes to pass since there was far too much unknown during the last referendum campaign due to the uks unwillingness to consult on scotlands behalf . 
  i agree that in this circumstance the reu is more likely to be motivated to be clear with scotland its position . 
  however , i still think that there is quite a chance that the reu will tell scotland that scotland will not have a `` continued membership '' but have to re-apply when it becomes an independent country . 
  the main block to anything else happening , the spain/catalonia issue has not gone away but instead become more pressing . 
  ireland has an opt out but it decided not to exercise it . 
   what makes you say that ? 
  considering all the political commentary points to the opposite ] i think all the political commentary is talking about the short term rather than a long term . 
  i agree that in the short term a brexit vote increases the chances of scotland seceding from the uk ( though i still think it is overstated given that there was a referendum recently which was clear and that since then things like oil prices have collapsed dramatically , changing the economic prognosis of an independent scotland ) . 
  however , i think in the long term there will be other factors at play and in particular : - iscotland is very dependent on the ruk for trade . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , then there is a chance that the reu and the uk do not reach a quick trade agreement .
