  she has been around for a while and never seems to be done . 
  provided she can hold her coalition ( the marion branch and the philipot branch ) together , she may be around for a while yet . 
   it 's kinda harder to decide what direction progress should take , than to decide that progress should n't happen . 
  the left do n't own the word progress . 
  the right also believe in progress . 
  people just do n't agree what progress means . 
  i think the left tends to be more factional because it is more ideological whereas the right is more pragmatic . 
  i also do n't think it really makes sense for the uk ( or in fact any other country ) to look at economic growth only in relative terms or only by reference to a select group of other countries . 
  if for example italy starts growing less slowly , politicians in the uk should not point at italy as a means of excusing their own failure . 
  it also does not make sense for the uk only to consider growth of western european nations , but it should also look at other parts of the developed west , like usa , canada , japan , south korea , australia etc. 
  i also think we should remember that obvious statistical truth that coincidence does not imply causation . 
  what other big economic thing happened in the uk at the start of the 80s ? 
  there 's only one margaret thatcher ... 
  i find this to be not a that good use of statistics . 
  instead of concluding that eu membership has been good for the uk , you might just as well conclude that the uk 's membership of the eu has been bad for france , germany and italy . 
  for the left being ideologically pure is more important than being in power . 
  for the people 's front of judea the real enemy has always been the people 's judean front . 
  i agree that the imf should pull out . 
  unfortunately the imf has become increasingly a political actor rather than an economic actor . 
  we also saw that with the absurd brexit predictions that the imf made before the referendum , which it is now having to `` revise '' . 
  i have close friends who are brusseleirs so stay in brussels two or three times a year - it is super easy to get to from london - but i would say that my appreciation of brussels is a work in progress . 
  my friends live opposite the european commission building , which i find just too kafkaesque for words . 
  i am also not really a fan of the grand place , which to me feels too chocolate box . 
  the best bits of brussels seem to be the bits that you are not expecting to be cool and you need to be taken there !, 
   but ultimately it 's germany who takes responsibility over berlin & meck-pomm or whatever . 
  in greece , that 's not the case i guess you need to decide whether or not you want the eurozone to work or not . 
  if the answer to that question is `` yes '' , then the whole thing needs radical redesign with eurobonds , joint governance where a centralised entity takes responsibility for spending , tax , borrowing and that centralised entity is underpinned by the voters in a shared democracy . 
  everything else is pissing into the wind . 
  it is easy to design the eurozone when you are this side of the channel and not part of it , i guess . 
  i 'm all for calling out dishonest and inaccurate reporting , but to do that effectively some analysis is necessary . 
  brussels is not my favourite city in the world , but i love the fact that when you are walking round it suddenly you are confronted by frescos of tintin and the like . 
  very cool . 
   us media desperately going after the eu . 
  fake news amirite ? 
  calling out the media for reporting a story you do n't like makes no sense , whether you are the potus or on the internet . 
   if i find out the iban for the donation account i know this : it is / u/trucidator . bahama.holiday.fund . 
  donate generously to greece please . 
  yeah , the reality is that greece needs more . 
  look at their unemployment and growth rates over the last decade . 
  prediction - the imf will capitulate again . 
  if the imf were really serious about pulling out , i would have expected much stronger public language at this stage in the negotiations . 
  2017 will be a repeat of 2015 : none of the fundamental problems will be solved because of french , dutch , german and maybe italian elections . 
  the can will be kicked down the road again , let 's amend , extend and pretend like its still 2010 !, 
   and germany will fail because people living in city a are n't responsible for bailing out city b ? 
  germans do n't mind ( that much ) sending money from rich parts of germany to poor parts of germany . 
  sending money to other parts of europe is a completely different thing for most people . 
  thanks - this is so cool !!!, 
  you still owe me !, 
  this seems to be something that the european commission are working on . 
  the uk government has not yet said anything about this . 
   quote by memory - after leaving the eu , british citizens may need visas for visiting any eu member state . 
  there is no way that theresa may would have said this . 
  she has made no comment about this at all . 
  but if you can find that quotation i will send you some wild flowers , lol . 
   british prime minister mentioned that in one of her statesments . 
  she did not mention visas . 
   stop trying to burn down the whole fucking house on your way out then . 
  the uk is not burning any houses . 
   u.k needs to do is burn down a bunch of bridges before striking out alone and that is what you are doing . 
  the uk is not burning anything at all . 
   that shitshow you guys are currently putting on . 
  what shitshow ? 
  the uk is a liberal democracy that operates under the rule of law , with low unemployment and good economic growth . 
   if u.k is going to leave than they should show a bit of that british etiquette we hear so much about and leave amicably . 
  this is what will happen . 
   so i would love to see the u.k stay and go back to taking a leading role in the e.u no thanks , i am glad that we are leaving . 
  i do n't understand people that want the uk to lead other countries . 
  other countries are capable of governing themselves . 
   in this thread you have people saying that the u.k should not leave and just veto everything ? 
  nobody is saying that the uk should do this . 
  people were just wondering whether technically it would be possible . 
  the people that want the uk to leave , just want the uk to get on with it . 
  the people that want the uk to remain , want it to remain but not block stuff . 
  there is already a thread on this topic . 
  i posted there ... 
  presumably her employers want her to carry on doing her job . 
   is there any information about the agencies in london being relocated anytime soon ? 
  preferentially immediately after article 50 is triggered . 
  there is no public information on the timing of when they will be moved or where they will be moved . 
  i guess all the member states have to agree where they get moved to and that might not be an easy discussion . 
  there is no chance at all of france getting eba . 
  the eu has a strong preference for the three agencies within the european system of financial supervision , esma , eba and eiopa being in separate countries . 
  france already has esma , germany already has eiopa . 
  rumours here are that milan is favourite to get eba . 
   uk withdraws from all trade agreements made by the eu unless the uk agrees to do so and to keep the same minimum level of regulations that were agreed in the negotiations . 
  both canada and the uk will carry on with ceta after brexit because it is in the interests of both . 
  one of the good things about brexit is that after brexit the uk and canada can revisit the content of ceta and make it work better to their mutual advantage . 
  i do n't think in the uk people have strong opinions against ceta , so it is interesting to see that in other countries public are against it . 
   i mean , this ` is ' a move to create a reformed eu i just imagine its not the reformed eu most of the remainers would have wanted . 
  i completely agree . 
   still think the wiser move for britain is to move towards switzerland/norway agreement i think the ship has sailed on this . 
  i do n't think most brexiteers wanted swiss or norway model ( i certainly did n't ) . 
  i think remainers ( who probably would prefer swiss or norway model ) basically missed a trick by being in total chaos after the result and some of them wanting to remain/another referendum etc. 
  not only did they lose the referendum , they seem to have lost the next six months by arguing among themselves ...  may pretty much ca n't loose . 
  if brexit goes badly , may will get a lot of the blame and for this reason i think she has to try and make a success of it . 
  the minute that she becomes unpopular , tories will get rid of her . 
  but the reality is that she faces corbyn so it is hard to see how she can lose the next election . 
  how does your actual parliament feel about this though ? 
  perhaps they would vote in a different way from your meps ? 
  i am pretty sure that in the case of the uk , westminster would be voting in a different way from our meps and a larger majority of them would vote in favour of ceta .
