   that was the whole purpose of the eu btw . 
  if the whole purpose of the eu is free trade , i am sure that the eu will be delighted to do a free trade agreement with the uk . 
   protecting keys sectors like agriculture , steel , car production or services . 
  i do n't believe in protectionism . 
   i think the only thing everybody can agree on is that exchange rate instability is bad for everybody but the banks . 
  i disagree . 
  gbp has gone down in value , but the economy has grown and unemployment is extremely low . 
  almost nobody has been impacted . 
  in what respect are you really worse off than five years ago ? 
  not really . 
  london is open to the entire world . 
   idk what full-service means it might be worth learning this before commenting on financial services . 
   now idk what 's so great about london besides being a hub probably worth trying to understand this . 
   canada is in a huge free-trade market with nafta , singapore is a tax haven and new zealand has barely 5 millions people and some greats assets ( agricultures , tourism ) . 
  the uk ca n't compare itself to any of these nations . 
  so , it seems you think that the size of an economy is not the most important thing when it comes to free trade , other things are important too ? 
  well , uk has other things too . 
  i personally think that the uk will push free trade harder outside the eu and this will cause us to get richer . 
   and while consumers may disdain a weaker domestic currency because it makes cross-border shopping and overseas travel more expensive , a weak currency can actually result in more economic benefits . 
  your quote and link does not say that a falling currency makes people poorer . 
   but the population will be poorer , measured in german produced cars , even if british produced cars costs the same and i am saying it does not make sense to measure the british population in german produced cars and that it is not the case that other things are equal . 
   and some point they will probably chose tho . 
  it does n't make sense to have 2 hqs in europe . 
  london is one of two full-service global financial centres . 
  financial institutions are not going to suddenly ignore london . 
   better trade deals with anyone , by itself a rather small country of 65 millions people , as what the eu can get , a 500 million depends what you mean by better i guess . 
  does canada get good trade deals ? 
  does singapore ? 
  does new zealand ? 
  they all seem to manage . 
  yeah , you are entering into some assumptions here and so far we do n't have evidence for them . 
  we already know that the pound went down and people did n't get poorer . 
  predicting that if the pound falls more people will get poorer remains uncertain . 
   what we can conclude , however , is that they will be more expensive for consumers . 
  this is different from your earlier conclusion that people will effectively get poorer . 
   yeah , but the imports will be more expensive across the board . 
  no matter if you earn your pay in gdp or eur . 
  which will push up the price of everything . 
  so far inflation has not been higher than growth in earnings in the uk . 
  uk currently has inflation at 2.3 % . 
  germany at 2.2 % . 
  spain at 3.0 % . 
  usa at 2.7 % . 
  while cost of imports of course do rise , the extent to which that ends up impacting consumers is much more uncertain ( because lots of costs are within the uk , like paying staff , storage , transport etc ) . 
  average person in the uk has seen more wage growth than inflation since the referendum . 
  so hard to conclude that we are poorer . 
   no , because we only import for about 0.5 % of gdp from the us . 
  compare that with a total import of about 45 % gdp , iirc . 
  not sure about how much britain imports from countries where the currency is n't pegged to the pound , like the krone is to the euro gbp is n't pegged to any currency . 
  however , i am not sure what you mean by `` import 0.5 % of gdp '' . 
  do you mean '' % of imports '' ? 
  not sure what gdp is doing in that sentence ... 
   you are effectively getting poorer when the pound falls this kind of depends on what you do with your money . 
  if you earn in gbp and your outgoings are mainly in gbp , it can be a bit artificial to say you are getting poorer . 
  for example , in the last three years the danish krone has lost 15 % or so against the usd . 
  have you noticed ? 
  lol - we defined a bet with clear terms and i ended up being right and you kindly paid up . 
  let me know if you want to bet again . 
  i 'm happy to bet that db are wrong on this . 
  last time i gambled on gbp currency movements i bet with / u/justkjfrost reddit gold . 
  he very kindly honoured his bet . 
  let me know if you are interested . 
  sometimes with deutsche it is worth checking their actions in additions to their words . 
  [ yesterday they just confirmed plans to move into a new london location in 2023 , a move that is being seen as vote of confidence in london 's continued status as a global financial centre . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/d547c8da-1005-11e7-a88c-50ba212dce4d ), 
  this looks really cool , thanks !!!, 
  yeah , i agree that it can become a negative feedback loop . 
  the headlines have been on greece , france , netherlands etc , but in fact it is italy that is the most interesting country to watch right now . 
   this group of buffoons are the first party by consensus right now , the situation is dire . 
  they are the consequence of a dire situation , not the cause . 
  pretty clear that if you attack random members of the public in london you will end up harming people of various nationalities . 
  in addition to the french school children we already know that two romanians are injured and also five south koreans . 
  if you attack london you are very much attacking the world . 
  hey , that is really kind , thanks and glad to hear that you are safe up there and make sure you stay so !, 
  hey , thanks , absolutely !, 
  i am fine . 
  also , not planning on changing my normal routine this evening . 
  obviously , very saddened to hear about the people who have died or are critically injured . 
  hopefully you and yours are also safe ... 
   but this one actually sounds like a bit of a threat to my ears . 
  i agree , this is what it sounded like to me . 
  the fundamental cause of the problems have not really been acknowledged yet . 
  nobody has really been held accountable . 
  i would agree that a lot more progress needs to be made . 
  the sovereign debt crisis , unfortunately , has not caused necessary lessons to be learnt . 
  i had hoped it would , but so far i have been very disappointed . 
  i am sure you agree with me in this respect . 
   i am so happy i am in germany where people are trying to be neutral reporting this where is n't doing this ? 
   those would have happened regardless . 
  i disagree . 
  the eu knows that there are lessons to be learnt from brexit and it ca n't just carry on with business as normal . 
   do you mean a larger-scale one , like paris or brussels ? 
  yes , i do . 
  my sister 's husband works in counter-intelligence for the metropolitan police . 
  we know that there have been significant large scale attacks planned in london over the last 12 months . 
  we are fortunate that they have been uncovered . 
   i think the uk 's geography and pretty authoritarian security policies i agree that geography and powers and experience of our intelligence services help . 
  other things also help , like extent to which muslim population are integrated . 
  however , we know that a lot of people want to attack london all the same . 
   stay safe , londoners .
