   gee , is there someone on a crusade against those pesky krauts ? 
  if germany bails out db , there are going to be political consequences including increased ill-feeling towards germany from the periphery . 
  whether or not this ill-feeling is justified is neither here nor there . 
  however , it is going to make the eu more unstable . 
  essentially / r/unitedkingdom and / r/ukpolitics cover very similar subject matters but different users . 
  i do n't particularly like either of them and post on them very infrequently . 
  of the two of them i prefer / r/ukpolitics as there is a wider range of views expressed and the political views of the user-base is a closer approximation of political views in the uk . 
  however , if you are really interested in discussing what is going on in uk politics , reddit is just not the right place . 
  user name checks out . 
  this guy is really not the right person for us to take advice from right now . 
  he may be an expert in game theory , but the british public are of course right to have a healthy scepticism towards experts . 
  this is in my view welcome news from howard . 
  increasingly the consensus view is that the uk should leave the single market , which is my strongly preferred option . 
  the politics of this are just awful , what with the italian banking crisis unresolved . 
  it is also not clear to me how a german bail out is going to get round the bank recovery and resolution directive and the various other eu mechanisms such as the single resolution mechanism designed to ensure that bank bail outs do not happen in the eu . 
  this is tantamount to an admission that banking union has failed . 
  i am almost hoping he becomes the next french president just to watch what would happen . 
  there just is n't enough popcorn in the world ... 
   is this actually an opinion any canadian or uk person has ? 
  the only people in the uk that want the queen to stop being queen of canada are people that also want her to stop being queen full stop . 
  this is a fairly small number - the monarchy in the uk is as popular as it is in places like netherlands , sweden and denmark . 
  also , most brits love canada . 
  i ca n't speak for canadians but i think they mostly feel fairly warm towards us . 
   i do n't understand . 
  over the last years , we have witnessed a lot of conflict between member states ' interests and eu institutions interests , for better or worse . 
  i think it makes more sense to characterise this as a conflict between people within member states who want to get rid of the member states and people within member states that want to retain them . 
  if your aim is to get rid of the member states , then , obviously , you will characterise the people that want to retain them as a problem and vice versa . 
  institutions such as the commission and the ep only have power to the extent that the member states allow them to have power . 
  as such , those institutions are totally dependent on the continued consent of the member states . 
  such consent can be brutally and suddenly withdrawn as we saw in june . 
   while i agree in principle , it 's not the eu that 's failing , it 's its member states . 
  i think it is artificial to try and separate the eu as a concept from the member states . 
  the member states are an inherent and fundamental part of the eu . 
  there is no eu without the member states , they are one and the same thing . 
  the whole concept of the eu , the pooling of sovereignty among member states , makes no sense if you try and separate the eu from the member states . 
  if the court had decided the other way , there would n't have been a deal . 
  the uk always wanted to do this kind of deal , because the uk financial regulators are interested in collaboratively working with their partners for a sensible solution . 
   no the whole thing was . 
  the court case would have been appealed otherwise . 
  the fact that a court case happened means that the whole thing was not settled out of court . 
  a court decided one of the issues . 
   as i 'm sure you 're well aware after brexit , it 's not always about efficiency . 
  sometimes it 's about control . 
  i am very open to the eu legislating a requirement for euro denominated clearing to take place in the eu , if that is what it wants to do . 
  there will be costs involved though . 
   yup the whole thing was settled out of court . 
  not quite the whole thing . 
  there was a court judgment . 
   however as far as i 've read it is unlikely that the current arrangement can be kept if it were not covered by whatever comes out of brexit . 
  there is a lot of uncertainty here . 
  there are multiple efficiency reasons why clearing takes place in london and these reasons have n't gone away . 
  no more whine more like ... ;-), 
   in the long run you 'll beg to come back and we 'll have a new de gaulle to say `` no , you 're on your own this time ! '', 
  no we wo n't !, 
  we are done with this kind of union . 
  you are more likely to get the swiss on board than us !, 
  what is going to be incredibly interesting for french politics is when brexit becomes successful . 
  french people and french politics are not going to avoid looking outre-manche . 
   you never know . 
  but its not even certain if a banking passport is going to be part of the brexit deal . 
  it probably is n't going to be part of the brexit deal . 
  but the uk does n't require companies or banks to have a passport to access the uk , instead it is very open . 
  we 're leaving you exactly because we understand you . 
  also , we know that in the long run this will be better for you too !, 
   uk won the case on the back of being a single market member . 
  technically the judgment went the way of the uk on the basis that the ecb did not have the power to limit jurisdiction . 
  the single market argument was not considered by the court . 
   but the eu will probably do most of its business in a eu based banking center , where as before much of that business went through the city in london . 
  why would eu businesses stop going to the city of london ? 
  the uk is not going to stop them accessing the city of london . 
   i simply do n't think you understand it . 
  most of what i am talking about has very little to do with investment banking . 
  the whole index is about global finance . 
  obviously nobody is talking about your own personal account . 
   who do i trust ? 
  our british neighbours who constantly shit on us or the chinese and americans ? 
  you should trust us and not them . 
  they do n't really understand you in the way that we understand you . 
   i 'm also not sure how enforceable choice of law and forum selection clauses are under civil law . 
  civil law has less of a tradition of freedom of contract compared to english law and this extends to choice of law and choice of jurisdiction . 
  in the common law , as you know , parties have almost unfettered discretion to chose the law governing the contract and the jurisdiction . 
  in the civil law , for example , this is more limited . 
  for example , some continental european jurisdictions have recently suggested that hybrid jurisdiction clauses ( wherein the borrower can only sue in one jurisdiction but the lenders can sue anywhere ) common in international finance are unenforceable . 
   can continue to be governed by ny and uk law here you mean english law . 
  there is no `` uk law '' when it comes to contract . 
  english and scottish legal systems are separate . 
   having your banking and financial center outside of your sphere of control is not optimal . 
  i am giving you tips on how best to get a banking and financial centre inside the eu . 
  it is by regulating sensibly and being open to global finance . 
  the eu ca n't simply pass some legislation stating that it will have a financial centre inside its sphere of control . 
  that is not how finance works . 
  it is n't my claim , i am simply looking at the article which reports an index . 
  the index is not based on size , but attractiveness . 
  and paris is deemed by the experts to be more attractive than casablanca . 
   the only thing the eu wants is the capabilities to handle its own banking needs . 
  finance is global already . 
  there is no such thing as `` own banking needs '' . 
  if a french bank wants to invest , it is n't going to limit itself to eu investments , it is going to look over the whole world . 
  if a polish company wants to borrow money , it is not going to limit itself to eu investors , it is going to look over the whole world . 
  the transactions that make these deals happen can take place anywhere .
