   now you 're just stalling . 
  his statements are out there , i do n't think they need further clarification . 
  he said what he meant and i think everybody understood him just right . 
  i think you are overplaying the significance of the expression `` white working class '' . 
  this is n't an expression dreampt up by farage . 
  this is an expression used for years by sociologists , journalists , psephologists , educationalists to describe a particular demographic . 
  nobody thinks that the use of this expression or a discussion of this demographic is , of itself , racist . 
   sure , the question is now what you guys are going to do with the tens of thousands of mediterranean and eastern-europe immigrants looking to find a future in the uk . 
  what does britain already do with the tens of thousands of africans , asians and americans looking for a future in the uk ? 
  the uk already has this dilemma , in or out of the eu . 
  the debate about immigration is there whether or not we are in the eu . 
  my own view is that the uk should not prefer europeans to africans . 
   take that away and i can tell you many british expats and business overseas are going to hurt . 
  we will see !, 
  i think it will depend a lot on what their skills are and what their businesses are . 
  i am someone who has been a british expat overseas . 
   same thing in spain , even if you 're a non-eu illegal alien . 
  it 's called universal healthcare . 
  so let 's not get crazy here . 
  in britain you also get unemployment benefit without having worked in the uk , a constant stream of money . 
  i do n't think brits get that in spain without having worked in spain . 
   this is a nice speech until you realise you do n't mean you 'll welcome non-eu citizens as eu citizens ( free movement and right of residence ) , but eu citizens as non-eu citizens ( visas and deportations ) . 
  i do n't think we will require visas for most states . 
  already the uk does not require visas for many non-eu countries and we did n't require visas for much of europe before joining the eu . 
  i do n't see a need for visas . 
  i think deportations would only apply for those people who come to britain illegally . 
   and talking about britain 's needs sounds awfully protectionistic for a liberal . 
  every country in the world has limits on immigration . 
  every single one . 
  for that limit to be based on `` need '' strikes me as sensible . 
  what is spain 's policy based on ( in relation to immigration from outside the eu ) ? 
   i 'm on my phone so i ca n't provide a longer response . 
  in my opinion human rights ca n't be enforced solely on a national level . 
  case and point , in ireland the supreme court saw no problem in upholding a ban on homosexuality ( more specifically homosexual acts ) , despite that being z clear infringement of people 's right to privacy . 
  that only changed without the echr 's ruling on the issue in norris v. ireland . 
  i think this point is worth debating , but i do n't really think there is a wrong or a right answer . 
  the echr is n't something i feel terribly strongly about and think of it very separately from the way i think about the eu anyway . 
  however , one point i would make out is that in the uk there is a very long tradition of protection of civil liberties ( even though we have not traditionally used the expression `` rights '' to describe those liberties ) . 
  think of the magna carta , or entick v carrington . 
  if the uk were to leave the echr , i expect that the uk would make some other arrangement . 
  while there might be good decisions coming from the echr , perhaps you would agree that not every decision has been a good one and that at times the judges have overstepped the mark ? 
   uk = sickly pale white that get 3rd degree burns after one hour in the sun . 
  you think we look pale ? 
  you should see the irish !, 
  luckily for us we are not very familiar with the sun !, 
   then the uk 's threat to leave the eu is hollow i do n't think it is a hollow threat . 
  everyone is taking it seriously . 
  everyone in europe is watching the debate in the uk right now . 
   the eu 's ability to deny the uk access to the inner market if it wants to leave is a trump of proportions . 
  i agree it is a big trump card . 
  but is it a card that the eu will play ? 
  and how will the uk respond if the eu does play this card ? 
  better-off-outers like me need to be prepared for this card and be ready to respond to it . 
  i think that the eu might threaten it , but i would be surprised if they play it . 
  we have already seen how the eu has played its cards with russia after russia annexed crimea . 
  we will see how the eu plays its cards against switzerland after their referendum . 
  we are watching the eu play its cards with the us in relation to free trade . 
  certainly i think that , with the help of our good friends in denmark who do n't want the eu to play that card , we can ensure that it does n't get played . 
   i 'm afraid making a distintion between white and non-white working class , particularly when you claim you worry about the effects of widespread immigration on the first instead of on the working class as a whole , is racist . 
  i 'm sure many people thought `` separated but equal '' was n't racist either since it did n't exactly discriminate another race . 
  as i have said , i do n't think farage 's statement was a helpful one and it certainly is n't the kind of thing i would ever say . 
  but i do n't think it is the moral equivalent of `` separate but equal '' . 
  when judging whether or not farage is a racist , i think it makes sense to judge the policies of ukip as a whole and also farage 's statements and actions as a whole . 
  from these , i think a conclusion that farage is a racist is utterly wrong . 
   because even if you do n't believe it , this is all about kicking out immigrants . 
  right now all eu citizens can move freely around all member states , but what happens when those citizens are without a job and need a social security net ? 
  leaving the eu allows you to kick them out without ( barely ) any repercusions . 
  germany is trying to find a way to do so without rocking the boat , but you guys can do it openly once outside of the eu . 
  i do n't think this is all about kicking out immigrants . 
  the uk has always had a long tradition of both emmigration and immigration well before the uk was a member of the eu . 
  i have spent my entire life living along side immigrants ( and second and third generation immigrants . ), 
  i do n't see this ever changing . 
  for me this is all about sovereignty . 
  the majority of eu immigrants to britain come to work and do n't need benefits . 
  but , whose responsibility is an eu citizen on benefits ? 
  certainly i would find it very embarrassing british people were moving to other eu countries and claiming benefits . 
  it is britain that should be responsible for british people on benefits rather than some other member state . 
  i think the proposals germany are making are sensible . 
  britain is currently the most generous of all eu countries as you can get benefits in britain ( if you are an eu citizen ) even if you have never worked in britain . 
   forwards to where ? 
  britain for the britons bnp style ? 
  and this is the problem with populism , you never know where this slippery slope is going to take you . 
  no , i think britain 's immigration policy should relate to britain 's needs . 
  there should be no distinction based on nationality . 
  britain should welcome equally immigration from the whole world ( rather than just europe ) . 
   something that both nick ( as a supporter of electoral reform ) , and nigel could capitalise on . 
  both ukip and the lib dems want electoral reform and a move towards proportional representation . 
  [ we had a referendum on electoral reform in 2011 , but the british public voted overwhelmingly to retain fptp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_alternative_vote_referendum,_2011 ) . 
  one interesting side note is that the `` yes to av '' campaign declined nigel farage 's offer to help them campaign . 
  this was a massive error by them . 
   but then again farange talks about white working class and not just working class and therefore you end up here trying to whitewash his words when you know there is just no way to do so . 
  he 's racist , he 's a xenophobe and i find cute that you think none of his remarks are racist or xenophobic , but that 's exactly what they are . 
  it sounds like you and i have different ideas of what the word `` racist '' means . 
  i do n't think you can conclude that the statement `` it [ immigration ] has left the white working class , effectively , as an underclass and that , i think , is a disaster . '', 
  is a racist statement . 
  surely for racism to have any meaning it must involve some kind of discrimination or disparagement based on race ? 
  this statement did n't do that . 
  a mention of race itself is not racist . 
   and that 's exactly my point . 
  immigration in some aspects benefits the economy and in other aspects harms it , but the end result is always positive .
