  i hope we both can reach great agreements around the globe and with each other . 
  uk is not asking for `` free movement '' , we are leaving the single market . 
  we are simply asking for a trade agreement . 
  eu has trade agreements with other countries . 
  if eu does not want a fta with the uk , that is fine , but then , obviously it sounds like you do n't want to be friends . 
   sorry , but i do n't like to be blackmailed . 
  nobody is being blackmailed . 
  uk wants to be friends with the eu . 
  does the eu want to be friends with the uk ? 
  if it did , it would want free trade with us . 
  there is no blackmail , but obviously it does not make sense for someone to want to be friends with the uk but not want to trade with the uk freely . 
   i 'm not an economist , but wanting to leave the single market and free trade seem a bit contradictory . 
  you can have free trade without having the same rules and regulations . 
  you can just respect each others ' rules and regulations instead . 
  [ look at the esma work on aifms for an example . 
  ] ( https://www.esma.europa.eu/press-news/esma-news/esma-advises-extension-funds-passport-12-non-eu-countries ), 
  i want global free trade . 
  this is fine . 
   which is another word for `` let 's just accept each others regulations '' ... which wo n't happen . 
  eu already accepts regulations of lots of countries in various financial services areas . 
  would be weird if the eu just randomly decided not to accept uk regulations for political reasons . 
  no , they are not the executive . 
  parliament is sovereign ( meaning they can take any powers they want they have not all the powers from the crown ) . 
   the alternative passport the city proposed is kind of a opaque thing ... 
  they are proposing `` equivalence '' . 
  ( note that having equivalence provisions in eu financial services regulation has been something that the uk has argued for years and years , way before we thought we were leaving . 
  uk wanted to ensure that eu financial services could trade easily with the rest of the world via an easy mechanism . 
  looks like we will now seek to use those standards ourselves . ), 
  city no longer wants passporting ( experts changed their mind about this ) also we do n't want a say in eu regulations , but we will likely be in contact with each other about them in relation to global standards . 
   likewise ... hope we can stay friends ... we can if you want free trade with us . 
  if you do n't , then friendship will be harder . 
  over to you angela !, 
   however , i am sure they will do fine . 
  i would really like for us to do fine too . 
  hard times ahead . 
  you will do fine too ... we are going to be a good friend to you provided you want free trade with us . 
  let 's be positive !, 
  balkan not baltic , 
   you can always hope parliament votes no . 
  if they vote no , we are still out of the single market and the eu . 
   what happens if parliament veto the new deal and there is no time to make a new one ? 
  kinda risky move if by default it is a risk - but that was the whole nature of the referendum . 
  british people took a risk with their eyes open . 
  it is kind of exciting . 
  but the risk is there even if the uk parliament has no vote , because loads of other parliaments will have vetoes too . 
  this is basically may 's speech . 
  `` it has been an absolute pleasure doing business with you , but the times they are a changin ' '' . 
   this really bothers me . 
  i mean , i 've lived outside of italy for the better part of 11 years now , so i have a slightly better perspective on how things are in europe than most of my countrymen . 
  i used to live in italy and i found it really weird . 
  i found i kept on having to tell italians that they had a really nice country with loads of incredible good things ( and let 's face it your trains are better than ours and half the price ) . 
  but for some reason italians do n't seem able to believe me . 
  this is basically fake maths . 
  i also found it very telling about best korea . 
  `` suck on that south korea - how many countries separate you from norway ? '', 
  i find italians have a weird inferiority complex when it comes to europe . 
  they seem to just assume that other european countries do stuff better than them . 
  ( basically opposite of brits ! ), 
   it is the only country seperating norway from north korea . 
  this is the key fact about russia . 
  once you know this , you are basically an expert . 
  my parents are russian literature fans , so my middle name is anton ( after chekhov ) . 
  i think russian literature is a real window into the depressed , tragic and poetic russian soul . 
  my own knowledge of russia is mainly limited to times that i have travelled to moscow for work . 
  as a lawyer , i found russian clients ( particularly large energy/metals clients ) very difficult to deal with . 
  i think their understanding of the job of a lawyer is completely different to the uk understanding . 
  they basically are happy to ask a lawyer to do things that breach professional ethics . 
  this put me in a very uncomfortable position ... 
  i did find the city of moscow in the snow to be truly beautiful though - i think that massive soviet architecture is really very striking . 
  also , the moscow underground is really worth seeing ... 
  yes , we would and i hope we do . 
  this is really not acceptable . 
  i think it is good for us ... 
  / u/glarbung - please stop using pointlessly offensive language . 
  not just flag , also i supported the uk leaving the eu . 
  accepted all round :-), 
  obviously , in norway they are following brexit closely . 
  it is likely to impact them considerably [ and a rethink of their own relationship with the eu would be unsurprising ] ( https://euobserver.com/news/134134 ), 
  gibraltarians are being heard . 
  they voted too . 
  what exactly is the question ? 
  what do you want to know about gibraltar ? 
  this is going to be a big political question in norway in the next couple of years . 
  gibraltarians got a vote too . 
  they can choose how they want to be governed . 
  we did want global, 
  the article is about the single market . 
  the article is about the single market . 
  the article is about the single market . 
  that is what i am talking about . 
  you norwegians are gon na be following us out soon , so get used to that ... !, 
  if you are talking about statistical margin or error , you need to consider statistics . 
  we will be discussing whether or not it was a good thing forever i think . 
   i do not think that we can come to an agreement here . 
  let 's see whether we get a chance to consider this in the future . 
  perhaps we will . 
  we are going to be talking about this for a while , i suspect , 
   well , i think there is no point debating this over the last six months , it has become clear to me that brits and other europeans were not really speaking to each other , but past each other these last 40 years . 
  we underestimated how emotional the eu is for you . 
  i think as we leave we will continue to analyse the whole project in a completely different way .
