  and when you think about it , if greece 's plan is really to default and take the consequences , then what they should be doing is borrowing high-premium market loans to default on . 
  but their plan is to default and not take the consequences by having other people take responsibility . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying here . 
  it seems that their plan is to default . 
  they 're about to do that tomorrow to the imf . 
  i do n't think they can borrow anything today really ...  but things working out well in greece the last five years has n't ever been an option . 
  the situation in greece is n't a result of austerity , it 's a result of the pre-austerity lunacy . 
  short of a ( giant ) magical money fairy suddenly appearing over athens and raining down euros on a happy greek government , the choice of paths was always between the rock and the hard place i do n't think anyone , with the benefit of hindsight , would go back in time five years and do the same thing again . 
  the debt restructuring should have been much much larger last time round . 
   speaking from experience of a couple of irish crises , the most recent one , while on paper a good deal worse than the earlier one , hurt a lot less . 
  the main difference was the rescue package - and the quid pro quo for that was reforms which we probably should have carried out anyway . 
  ireland 's economy is totally different from the greek economy . 
  ireland have a highly-skilled mobile english-speaking workforce with a clear and low level of corporate taxation , links to the us/uk economies , and crucially unit labour costs that are basically similar to germany 's . 
  ireland just had a massive banking crisis . 
  unfortunately you can not give greeks the same medicine as was given to ireland and expect it to cure a different disease . 
   where would greece be now without the eu ? 
  it would n't have had the last five years of funding , and the current situation would be nothing in comparison to what that would have meant . 
  had they not entered into the euro in the first place , their borrowings would have been in drachma and their interest premium higher and they would be busy inflating away their debts ( and not been able to borrow so much in the first place ) . 
  in between these two there is bale/vale which is where more italian is spoken than anywhere else in croatia ... 
   on this occasion , i 'm going to take the greek min fin as probably having a better handle on the prospects than you . 
  given that it seems to be the greek finmin that has brought about this referendum , and it seems that he will be advocating a `` no '' vote while you seem to support a `` yes '' vote , i am not sure why you are trusting him and not me . 
  he seems to be advocating the opposite of what you 're advocating . 
   if they get an acceptable risk premium . 
  again , you 're talking as if the drachma option was something new and untried . 
  we know what greek debt premiums look like outside the euro , and they 're not small , because everybody accepts that lending to greece is a high-risk option . 
  lending to greece is a high risk strategy already , notwithstanding the fact that they are in the euro . 
  as things currently stand , greece ca n't fund itself via the markets . 
  the relevant question is when they can return to the markets again . 
  i think they can return to the markets quicker with the drachma . 
   that the current situation is bad does n't make worse alternatives better . 
  they remain worse alternatives . 
  it is actually very uncertain which option is the best option . 
  for people that believe in the eu at all costs , then obviously , `` yes '' is the best option . 
  however , i am not sure why you are so convinced that `` yes '' is the best option ? 
  ( things have not been working out so well over the last five years in greece after all . ), 
   in the long-run monetary policies have no positive impact . 
  at worst they can lead to hyper-inflation or deflationary stasis . 
  monetary sovereignity is overvalued . 
  what is the point of there even being a european central bank if you do n't believe in monetary policy ? 
   take for instance shipping and tourism , mentioned by paul krugman as two potential sources of greek export growth : both are in speedy decline !, 
  personally i think that one of the reasons these are in decline is because of the cost of them . 
  i think both would grow if the costs were less . 
  as a consumer of tourism i certainly look at the costs involved . 
   meanwhile , their debts are in euro , so a devaluation makes their debts more expensive . 
  sure , they can default , but that means borrowing costs go up . 
  and they can borrow in drachma in the future , too , but , again , that 's going to come at a heavy price . 
  sovereign debt investors have about a two year memory . 
  they will pile in again . 
   it 's not as if we 're talking about some hypothetical never-tried could-be utopia . 
  greece knows perfectly well what it means to have a drachma , and the majority of greeks are against doing so , unsurprisingly . 
  i 'm not suggesting it is a utopia , but simply the least worst option . 
  ( i do n't think we can call what is happening now and the last five years a utopia . ), 
  as for wanting the drachma or the euro , it seems to be true that most greeks want the euro . 
  however , it seems that they also want austerity imposed by the troika to end . 
  they are not going to get both of their preferences in any event and will have to compromise on one of them . 
   you can also be forced into interest rate changes and devaluation by external ( market ) forces , particularly if you 're a small country . 
  that 's why most small countries maintain some kind of peg to a strong currency . 
  no country or monetary system in the world can avoid market forces , of course . 
  however , there are huge advantages to having a peg rather than being in a monetary union as a peg can be broken relatively easily and painlessly ( e.g. 
  switzerland ) . 
  separately , devaluation should n't be seen as a bad thing : it can often be necessary . 
  for example , the euro is currently being deliberately devalued ( quantitative easing ) against other currencies . 
  it is a shame for greece that they can not devalue relative to the euro , as they really need that right now . 
   this is too much of a headache to try and understand . 
  there 's a reason why i prefer our law to study :p i agree it is n't written as clearly as it might be . 
  the word `` endeavour '' means that there is effectively an opt out . 
  separately , nowadays most of the operative provisions relating to budget deficits are in the fiscal compact , which the uk did not sign . 
  with your own currency you can set your own interest rates or do quantitative easing . 
  sovereign debt also tends to be denominated in your own currency ( effectively making a default less likely ) . 
  these options are not so available if you do n't have your own currency . 
   then why do we have the eu ? 
  now it appears to be some fucking prestige project more than ever . 
  hopefully the uk wo n't have it soon . 
   he is n't trying to save greece . 
  he is trying to save the euro . 
  this is what the entire last five years have been about . 
  it is very sad , in fact . 
   an endless spiral of resentment there is going to be plenty of resentment from the reurozone towards greece , do n't worry . 
  resentment tends not to be one directional . 
   because being in charge of your own currency solves the problems in the long run ? 
  it gives you multiple monetary policy options that you do n't otherwise have . 
   however , we do n't have an opt out to that rule , as it is under something that no state can have one in . 
  we are meant to abide by the rule to get our budget deficit down to at least 3 % , but as we 're not in the eurozone , we ca n't be fined/sanctioned . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sixpack_ ( european_union_law ) #overview close , but not quite . 
  see protocol number 15 of the tfeu and in particular articles 4 and 5 of that protocl . 
  the only substantive provision is : '' * the united kingdom shall endeavour to avoid an excessive government deficit . 
   re : scotland referendum . 
  was n't there an obviously fair amount of purposeful obfuscation surrounding the status of the pound to create uncertainty ? 
  the situation around the pound was uncertain . 
  the rru and iscotland had different positions . 
  so i do n't know if this was really obfuscation , but rather an inherent uncertainty . 
   re : ` the information age actually makes it harder to manipulate opinion ' . 
  as we know , nobody wants a variety of opinions . 
  they want to read things they agree with . 
  see : all online echochambers including reddit . 
  i do n't think this is true . 
  you and i disagree for example ( as we are doing now ) and yet we are happy to debate and exchange opinions . 
   re : for a democracy to work well , there must be a high level of free speech . 
  in the uk voting system referendum of 2011 this sort of thing happened : o2av and was funded almost entirely by the conservative party . 
  apparently the political parties could take official stances on the referendum too , pre-setting people 's opinions by showing what political alignment agrees or disagrees with the change .
