  the question about the uk being part of the single market ( which was one of the other arguments the uk made ) was not considered by the cjeu . 
  i agree that now there is a chance that the eu does try to ensure that euroclearing can only take place within the eu . 
  but , is this what you really want ? 
  personally i hope that the eu stops being inwards looking and starts thinking globally . 
  globalisation is the future . 
   that would also mean no eu passporting for the banks in london , aswell as euro-clearing . 
  clearing is complex here . 
  uk does dollar clearing without being part of the united states . 
  if the eu wants the eurozone to have reserve currency status , then they have to accept it being cleared anywhere around the globe . 
  and london has the best infrastructure and experience in this . 
  taking it out of london is not going to be technically easy . 
  as for passporting , this is also complex . 
  do you want eu consumers to be able to benefit from financial services offered by uk based banks ? 
  there is a question over whether the eu is going to revert to protectionism or be open to global trade . 
  it would be best for europeans if it does the former . 
   but it is difficult for a career diplomat who spent 20 years working on eu issues to re-qualify for something else . 
  i guess they can try and become a lobbyist or something . 
  that sounds like the kind of thing that they might be interested in . 
   it is hard work in ukrep . 
  they 've spent decades building networks , influencing and defending the uk position . 
  now all that work is just gone . 
  not to mention their careers . 
  they can get other jobs . 
  ukrep is not more important than the democratic process . 
   brexit was a huge victory for protectionists and populists . 
  no , it was a victory for liberals , globalists and free traders . 
  ouch - they will be spitting blood . 
   how about calming the waves ? 
  [ how about rules the waves ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rb5nbp_gmgq ) ;-)  so , i 'd tone it down , banish clowns like johnson and gove , invoke art . 
  50 soon and then try my best to mend fences with one of the eu heavyweights and basically buy a couple of the smaller countries . 
  further complaining of `` teh evilz eu bureaucrats '' is probably not exactly helping at this point , not after britain has done everything to damage relationships with the eu institutions . 
  relationships with eu institutions are permanently broken . 
  there is no point trying to mend them . 
  there is point trying to buy off some small countries and the uk is already doing that . 
  the main thing to do though is to start focusing on the rest of the world and remove a focus from continental europe . 
  this is a shame for me , as gove was one of the most talented people in the last government , but unsurprising . 
  may and gove hate each other . 
  this is my preference too , but let 's wait and see whether it actually happens before we all start celebrating . 
   how is the uk going to stop people going to the uk via ireland without a border ? 
  uk immigration policy is not going to be about stopping people come into the uk unless they are terrorists/criminals . 
  ireland also has that policy . 
  the immigration policy is going to be about stopping people have an automatic right to work/get benefits in the uk . 
   so england is ` technically sectarian ' is what you mean . 
  i kind of mean that sectarianism does n't really exist in england because nobody is religious . 
  there are more religious people in scotland and northern ireland . 
   talk like that makes me think that you brexiteers do n't realise the amount of damage that will be done - not least to your own country . 
  i hope that getting rid of a few poles will be worth it for you . 
  what damage ? 
  democracy is a wonderful thing and we have enhanced it . 
  i 'm not planning on getting rid of any poles , however , obviously our immigration policy should treat people from poland and denmark in the same way as we treat people from africa and asia . 
   i thought only a church of england person could become ruler of your country ... sounds sectarian to me no , technically only catholics ca n't become monarch . 
  buddhists , jews , agnostics all can . 
   agreed and as a eurosceptic please show us that things are n't as bad being outside the union great to have your support . 
  i fully believe that brexit can be a good opportunity for the uk and also for continental europeans . 
   i have a feeling britains exit will drag out and she will face many obstacles on the , like free movement both for uk citizens and eu citizens . 
  also it 's gon na be interesting how she 'll handle the question on scottish independent yes , i agree it will be a difficult time , but these are questions we have to face so we ca n't hide from them . 
   i 'm sad to see our otherwise market friendly british friends unwittingly leading putin , trump and le pen in their charge against the existing western system and all that we 've accomplished so far . 
  i 'm not happy about putin , trump or le pen , but really none of these are the responsibility of the uk . 
  the uk is of course a western liberal democracy and , now that it is leaving the eu , even more so . 
   right now , we are two or three bad elections away from the end of nato , the end of the european union and maybe the end of the liberal world order as we know it . 
  the eu is not some kind of sacred thing . 
  if it stops working , it should end . 
  now that the uk has left , hopefully the eu will radically rethink itself and change in a massively different direction . 
  ( it is your only chance . ), 
   unrelated are you happy with the new government personally i 'd have preferred someone else than may like gove or boris johnson , i think it 's a bit weird that the new pm also advocated for stay then cameron might as well have stayed i would have preferred gove but not johnson . 
  however , i think time will tell if may is a good choice . 
  may did not really advocate for remain , she kept very silent during the campaign . 
   it 's like the uk just ca n't help shooting itself in the foot again and again and again ... it 's really quite sad to watch . 
  no , we 're fine !, 
  i 'm glad you are joining me in celebrating brexit . 
  a fantastic time to be a european . 
   was n't trolling and divide-and-conquering the strategy of every european country before wwii ? 
  there was some high level trolling from other countries too . 
  i think it will work well . 
   by the way , just so that i can say this somewhere else where it is n't taken as a pointless fact , we in ireland will not allow you to put a border across norther ireland . 
  assuming it goes with the uk . 
  we in the uk also do not want a border . 
  i am not sure if brussels really understand how important this is to the uk and of course even more to ireland . 
   interesting , i assume that was the official leave campaign by the tories , nigel seemed to be running his own show and campaign it was mainly with vote leave which had lots of tories within it , but also some people from other parties and some people who were not with any party . 
  it was separate from the nigel show . 
  had we joined with nigel we would have lost the referendum . 
   did you dodged responsibility by quitting after brexit as well ? 
  i have n't quit anything !, 
  i am taking advantage of new opportunities , 
   formal negotiations with third countries are not going to happen before the brexit unless the eu allows it . 
  informal negotiations are the important thing . 
   how did you campaign for it , door bells and phone calls ? 
  legal advice to the leave side . 
  canvassing , leafleting , co-ordinating volunteers , speaking in debates etc. 
   why is it so clear they hate each other ? 
  this has been an open secret in westminster for years . 
  she does not think he is very good at being pm . 
  he thinks she is boring . 
   are you fucking serious britain ? 
  this is just a new exciting way of dealing with things . 
  get used to it !, 
  also , we now have appointed a new trade secretary so it looks like we will flat out ignore that requirement for us not to begin trade negotiations until after we leave the eu . 
  i am just worried all this will cost everyone in the end ... we will all benefit from brexit in the long-run , trust me , i campaigned for it . 
  this is going to force eu people to really think about what they want .
