  that way you will still have the longest reigning monarch in europe , but her name will be elizabeth rather than louis . 
   the second point is about the common interest of the nation as a whole . 
  basically it 's better if we feel we share the same values . 
  this is a big difference between the uk and france . 
  in the uk generally the value of `` tolerance of what others are wearing/doing '' is more important than the value of `` everyone should wear/do the same thing '' , whereas in france it is the other way round . 
  or , if you prefer french revolutionary terms , in the uk the value of * liberte * is primary while in france the value of * egalite * is primary . 
  ( apologies - i ca n't find accents on this keyboard . ), 
  this is why we will never really understand each other !, 
   to be fair , some nations , like iran and laos , have a legitimate reason to hate americans and blame them . 
  while i can understand that a case might be made to hate a government , there is never a case to be made to hate a people . 
   ` it 's now very common to hear people say , `` i 'm rather offended by that '' , as if that gives them certain rights . 
  it 's no more than a whine . 
  it has no meaning , it has no purpose , it has no reason to be respected as a phrase . 
  `` i 'm offended by that . '', 
  well , so fucking what ? ', 
  -- stephen fry ( 1 ) so you think offence caused to religious people , who are n't able to wear religious symbols , is n't really justified ? 
  fair enough , i get it . 
  there is no right not to be offended . 
   to keep it simple stupid , we view religion as something personal that should be kept in the private sphere . 
  now it would be hard to argue against the fact that showing off religious signs create a `` you are ( not ) one of us '' feeling that goes against the ideal of fraternity . 
  ( 2 ) so you think that offence caused to non-religious people , by religious people wearing religious symbols is justified ? 
  what just happened to your belief that there is no right not to be offended ? 
  how do you manage to hold position ( 1 ) and position ( 2 ) simultaneously ? 
  where is it easier to find a good job ? 
  the uk financial sector is not helped by restricting trade with switzerland . 
  as someone who works in finance i trade with switzerland very regularly . 
  i guess the uk always believes in open markets and free trade . 
  uk 's financial sector should be competitive because we have an open and free economy , not because we try to protect industries by excluding competitors . 
  what about those eu people that trade with switzerland ? 
  are you happy to impede that trade ? 
  at a time when eu economies are so fragile ? 
  got ta be london as the most international city in the world . 
  the downside is the cost , but it is relatively easy to find a good job in london . 
  honourable mentions to moscow ( incredible architecture ) , paris ( cafe and restaurant culture par excellence ) and naples ( so many crazy things happening there ) . 
  there 's a risk , though , that what the eu is trying to do is to tell the swiss that their votes have consequences , rather than trying to do what is in the eu 's interests . 
  if this electricity agreement was in the eu 's interests prior to the swiss vote , in what respects has this changed ? 
  also , is going full on guillotine going to be in the interests of every member state ? 
  what about those member states that trade heavily with switzerland ? 
  from the perspective of the uk for example it would make zero sense to put in place barriers to trade with switzerland . 
  seriously - ending talks on electricity ? 
  dick move . 
  the eu has a perceived problem with democracy and particularly with national referendums ( think dutch and french no votes to the constitution and the irish no vote to the lisbon treaty ) . 
  even though switzerland is not part of the eu , by responding in this way the eu is effectively saying to the swiss people that they voted wrong ( just like the eu did to irish voters by making them vote again and it did to french and dutch voters by bringing in the constitution by the backdoor ) . 
  a referendum is a much more direct expression of the wishes of a people than a decision made by representatives . 
  that 's why referendums should be taken very seriously . 
  in terms of economics , britain is more likely to find itself allied with the more laissez-faire germany than the protectionist and dirigiste france . 
  in terms of geopolitics , britain is more likely to find itself allied with the interventionist and militaristic france than the insular germany . 
  it does not surprise me at all that france has taken this position on spying . 
  the swiss government is not forced to breach the treaty . 
  the swiss government has the option of renegotiating it . 
  it is extremely poor form of the eu to stop talks on an unrelated matter on the basis of a democratic vote by switzerland . 
  my thoughts entirely . 
  god forbid humanity making progress ... 
  france are effectively moving from the german position to the british position . 
  this does n't actually make big european economies more divided , it just makes the division between france and britain on one side and germany on the other rather than france and germany on the one side and britain on the other . 
  there 's no conceptual reason why france should follow germany just because the german public are worked up . 
  what makes sense is for france to follow french national interest . 
  switzerland have not yet breached any treaty though , have they ? 
  under european human rights jurisprudence , article 10 is not an absolute right , but a qualified right . 
  in the uk , for example , incitement to racial hatred brings you outside the right to freedom of expression . 
  in other european states , there are other qualifications . 
  thanks . 
  i agree that it would be slightly surprising if norway passed legislation similar to switzerland . 
  i think ( but correct me if i am wrong ) this is mostly because switzerland has experienced much higher levels of immigration than norway has . 
   surely no matter how good british-swiss trade and relations are , the eu is just much more important . 
  it 's really not clear what the eu is proposing to do at this stage . 
  some people on this sub have suggested that the eu should exercise the full force of the guillotine . 
  i do n't expect that the eu will propose it , but if it does that would certainly not be in britain 's national interest . 
  the purpose of having a veto is to be able to ensure that national interests are protected . 
  a proportionate response from the eu ( and one i would endorse and do n't think britain should veto ) would be for the eu to impose quotas on immigration from swiss citizens . 
   arent the financial sectors of switzerland and uk competitors ? 
  in some respects they are competitive and in others they are complementary . 
  in any case , in the long term it is not in the uk 's interests to discourage the ability of a competitor to trade . 
  the uk should not resort to protectionist tactics , but instead maximise competition and trade . 
  ( this is the whole idea behind a single market and free trade : encouraging competition rather than protecting an industry . ), 
  if there are rational reasons for norway to limit immigration from non-eu citizens ( and i assume you think that there are ) then it is likely that there may also be rational reasons to limit immigration also from eu citizens . 
  given that virtually everyone thinks that there should be some limits on immigration , it strikes me as somewhat unhelpful ( and a tactic for trying to stop debate ) to mention xenophobia in this context . 
   not from within the eu . 
  this is exactly my point . 
  currently norway has limits on non-eu citizens but not on eu citizens . 
  if putting limits on eu immigration would mean that norway is xenophobic ( not my view , but seemingly the view of / u/meneth ) then the logical conclusion is that norway is already xenophobic for having limits on non-eu citizens . 
   canada and australia are n't landlocked countries completely surrounded by a bloc that they just terminated an agreement with . 
  it 's an apples-to-oranges comparison . 
  i think you are conflating / u/mauly 's two separate points . 
  switzerland wo n't be harmed because ( 1 ) the eu is unlikely to put in place trade sanctions on switzerland and ( 2 ) switzerland will be able to get the workforce they require by using quotas . 
   its possible but i 'm not sure what it would achieve . 
  britain trades with switzerland . 
  by vetoing the use of the guillotine , the uk would continue to be able to trade with switzerland under the current arrangements . 
  in what respect is limiting immigration xenophobic ? 
  there might be rational reasons for limiting immigration . 
  norway already has limits on immigration . 
   that would be ideal , but i read about all kind of veiled threats related to oil fields and the right of using the british pound , and so on ... 
  the oil is n't really a contentious issue in fact . 
  scotland get most of it . 
  the pound could be a contentious issue . 
  scotland want to keep the pound but ruk has not confirmed whether or not it will enter into a currency union with an independent scotland . 
  the eu has no ability to force ruk to enter into a currency union with scotland . 
  the eu would like scotland to enter into the euro anyway . 
  in summary , your points make no sense . 
  typical stunt by the eu , giving british children cancer ...
