  uk spends more money on eu than it gets . 
  eu ca n't get its money back , because it is the uk 's money . 
  some of those countries are net contributors , others are n't . 
  how they organise how they pay for the eu is really up to them . 
   the eu paid for cornwall , bristol , swansea and liverpool . 
  where did the eu get that money from ?!, 
  uk is a net contributor . 
   will it successfully transition into industry-based economy ? 
  personally i do not really see this . 
  we will likely have some good industry ( e.g. 
  nissan ) , but i just do not think industry is really our strong point , compared to germans and dutchies etc. 
  i do not see us being able to compete well on this . 
   perhaps it will give an impulse for innovation ? 
  i think uk 's strengths are things like creative industries and high end services . 
  i think things like financial technology and so forth are the future of the uk economy . 
   being norwegian and watching the hate the brits have gotten for leaving the eu makes me so thankful we never joined in the first place . 
  and it makes me have a whole new respect for your country and your people in voting against joining in the first place . 
   the question stands , will it be easier in the future to manipulate the pound if the uk is not in the single market anymore . 
  you may look up black wednesday or george soros if you like . 
  black wednesday happened because the pound was tied in the erm , reducing the powers of the boe . 
  after black wednesday , the uk economy started growing again and unemployment started falling . 
  the boe now lets markets manipulate the pound . 
   at this point undoing it would be worse , so i support fixing the ecb what if the ecb can not be fixed ? 
  note that that there are some germans that also want the ecb to be fixed , but their definition of fixed is the opposite of yours . 
  so it might be that there is a permanent stalemate . 
  what is the plan then ? 
  keep calm and carry on ? 
   so now you are on the dark side of force my friend it is you guys that are on the dark side , my friend !, 
  i agree that there are trade-offs . 
  a currency that floats does have some costs and one of them is the potential for inflation . 
  we will see how high inflation gets in the uk , but it is currently still below the bank of england 's target . 
  having your own currency also gives the uk other options to control inflation , by raising interest rates . 
  uk is probably going to raise interest rates at some stage this year , particularly as the us fed is likely to do that . 
  overall , i think that in the uk 's case the advantages of having our own currency really outweigh the disadvantages . 
  in other countries ' cases , the balance of pros and cons may be different . 
   pound goes down , unemployment gets better nothing surprising . 
  this is one of the main reasons why it makes sense for the uk not to have the euro . 
  it means we have more ability to ensure that unemployment stays low . 
   i 'm guessing this will also happen with brexit . 
  i have no doubt liberal values will win , at least initially . 
  britain will become more open , more nimble and a better place to invest . 
  but with labor completely out of the picture , and a hyper-liberal agenda , those disgruntled blue collar workers will see : lower net wages , fewer worker rights , privatization of the nhs . 
  almost all of the things blue collar workers thought they were voting for when they voted for brexit . 
  i agree , liberal brexit will win . 
  people like me just won big . 
  we are going to get everything we wanted . 
  but labour are not going to stay crap . 
  they will get rid of corbyn and start actually thinking about blue collar workers again . 
  and then we will return to normal democracy . 
  i think the fact that she avoided the tv studios and just put out a press release means that she bottled it . 
  or perhaps she is waiting until the supreme court . 
  i do n't disagree with scotland voting again , but i am not sure if they want to vote again . 
   part of the tories hate the eu . 
  actually , we ( i am a tory ) only hated the uk being in the eu . 
  now that we are leaving it , we do n't have to hate it any more . 
  provided that the eu does not threaten us , we will like it . 
   when i 'm nowadays looking at the current uk , i 'm not sure whether this country wants to be a good neighbour to us . 
  it seems like you prefer to be good friends with trump . 
  it is not about being friends with trump , but we do want to be friends with the usa . 
  i am not a fan of trump , but it is incredibly important for european security for the uk to be on good terms with the usa and good terms with eu . 
  uk will probably have a lot of influence with trump . 
  we can use that influence to ensure usa remains committed to nato . 
   i know that may might be saying nice things now , but these nice things might go out of the window very quickly if the negotiations do n't go very smoothly . 
  i agree , there is a risk . 
  that 's why the eu need to make sure they go smoothly and not fuck up . 
  uk needs to do its part too . 
  i think that 's true . 
  italians are very proud of lots of things and rightly so . 
  but they somehow do not believe that their government can function effectively ... 
  it is very british , i agree . 
  british people , culturally , do not mind uncertainty as much as some continental europeans . 
  this is something that has become very clear over the last year . 
   in the uk there are also many people who basically see the eu as an evil organization . 
  leaving for them is not enough , they also want to destroy it . 
  then you have a big group of people who might not be hostile to the eu , but they 're also completely indifferent - they do n't see the benefits of the eu , they do n't understand how valuable it can be for the uk to have a strong and stable eu . 
  i agree and this is exactly why the eu needs to do a good deal with theresa may because she is proposing something which benefits and supports the eu , if you actually read the speech . 
  the uk is actually very aligned with the eu in many ways ( in particular , we are really very much against putin ) . 
  the uk actually wants to be a good neighbour ( and when you look at your other neighbours , russia , turkey , libya etc , you really need the uk which is a liberal democracy and peaceful . 
  we would love to be a good friend to you , if you let us . 
  i think the best way for the eu to succeed is for it to accept that it lost the uk ( and to really understand why ) . 
  part of the reason why the eu lost the uk was because it was too inflexible . 
  part of accepting that the uk has left ( and that we had some good reasons to leave ) means doing a good deal with the uk . 
  if the eu is not able to do this ( and i know this is going to be stressful and difficult for you ) then i think that the eu will have no hope . 
   i think the uk gov still holds the cake on that one ironically . 
  yes , we still strongly support turkish membership of the eu , 
  why ? 
  we were n't embarrassed . 
  who says you need to have the plan before the vote ? 
   there are two competing factions democracy . 
  let 's see what happens at the ballot box and trust the people . 
   if you leave the single market , you ca n't possibly demand the same conditions . 
  uk is not asking for same conditions - we want to leave the single market - we just want a good trade deal and tariff free trade . 
  i think we can do a great deal together . 
  uk is not threatening anyone . 
  uk wants to help european security and defence . 
  but it seems weird for europe to want the uk to protect europe , but not to trade with the uk . 
  that makes no sense . 
  you ca n't demand that we protect you , but refuse to trade with us . 
  someone will have to be to keep the west together . 
  that is uk 's job now .
