  from iceland 's perspective i am sure that the uk and iceland will now have a better and more interesting relationship . 
   the uk has n't even left yet , nor shown any signs of actually initiating the process . 
  of course there are signs . 
  conservative leadership candidates are all talking about leaving the eu . 
   yeah , i knew brussels ' red tape like the working time directive would become a factor in the referendum . 
  lol . 
  the final week was more like 15 hours a day . 
  the night before polling day , vote leave had a `` dawn raid '' - we went round to all of our pledged voters with `` today is vote leave day '' leaflets during the night so they would wake up with a reminder on their doorstep . 
  then on polling day itself we spent the whole day knocking on doors , getting out the vote . 
  then i stayed up all night again to watch the results !, 
  this is one of the interesting lessons from the campaign . 
  i think one of the reasons why vote leave won was because they had to rely on volunteers to get the vote out , and there were many many motivated volunteers . 
  britain stronger in europe had much more difficulty getting volunteers . 
   it will be interesting , to say the least , even though i 'm far from happy with everything and quite frankly even a bit worried . 
  ultimately i still believe that this episode will lead to a re-birth of our democracies and for peoples to feel empowered . 
  in my mind this can only be positive and welcome . 
  but that 's the exciting thing about history - it still has n't finished . 
  i do understand your worry and things are uncertain . 
  however , i think you ( and your leaders ) need to remember that the uk is still a friend of europe . 
  we would love to be peaceful , friendly trading nations with you and to be solid nato allies . 
  i hope you and your leaders welcome this as it is a very positive thing . 
  we just never wanted to be part of a new federal country called europe . 
  that is now a question for you . 
  in terms of european history , i think brexit is the biggest event since the berlin wall came down and it was wonderful being part of something so historic . 
   also , it could very well be that a european army , or something similar to it , will become a reality in the coming decade ( starting out with a few countries perhaps ) . 
  that 's something the uk would 've never agreed to . 
  i do n't think that the dutch will agree with an eu army either , but we will see . 
  hopefully you will be able to have a referendum on it . 
   sure , but what makes you believe a country would just accept the old deal ? 
  instead of taking advantage of the uk 's relatively weak bargaining power right now ? 
  which particular country are you talking about out of interest ? 
  give me an example ? 
  the uk has a huge consumer market and that makes it a good trade partner . 
   are n't trade deals generally quite complicated ? 
  in the eu they are particularly complicated because different eu countries want different things . 
   britain has n't left or there 's already talk about further integration . 
  something about which i am in favor but - given the circumstances - should be delayed for quite some time . 
  this is why brexit is going to be such a wonderful experience for everyone . 
  it is really going to force the eu to think about what it wants and force people to properly decide what the plan is . 
  i look forward to the real reforms that will be made . 
  you are welcome !, 
   i 'm surprised to see you here -- presumably you 're very busy these days/years ? 
  yes , i am very happy . 
  i was mostly off reddit for a few months because the campaign ended up taking up at least six hours per day , above my normal job . 
  now i am back . 
  the truth is that i still find european politics incredibly interesting and here is the best place to discuss it !, 
   ( you were always one of the more sane brexiteers around here , so congrats , in your case the celebratory pint may even be deserved . ), 
  let me be the one to pick up the tab if you pass through london !, 
   to be fair , nobody had expected that . 
  i expected it . 
  i 've been talking about it for years , 
   the uk is about to lose more than 50 trade agreements that had been negotiated via the eu most of these are either with micro-nations ( e.g. 
  san marino ) or the terms are such that the uk can simply agree with the counterparty that they remain in place as between the counterparty and the uk for a certain period ( e.g. 
  five years ), 
   as said all i wanted was `` ok we want an eea agreement '' or `` we are willing to leave single market and accept consequences and try to make city more attractive '' etc etc. 
  i think they did a great campaign . 
  vote leave were fairly clear that their preference was outside the eea . 
   just `` yeah we 'll leave and do this thing that no-one is going to let us do and it 'll all be great and if you say that 's dumb then you 're a traitor '' was definitely dishonest do n't put things in quotation marks unless they are actually quotations . 
  i have no idea what you are referring to . 
   yep , but they had a proposal at least . 
  i 'm not a scottish independence person by a long way . 
  but their plan at least gave a clear indication of what would be attempted . 
  the brexit proposal was 15 bullet points of `` we want '' as compared to 648 pages . 
  this is partly why the vote leave campaign won their referendum whereas the snp campaign lost theirs . 
  however , there is also another key difference . 
  the snp plan was produced by the scottish government and the scottish government could have tried to put it in place after a `` yes '' vote . 
  even if vote leave had written 648 pages , it would have been pointless as vote leave are not the government . 
  the choice over what to do next is not something that vote leave have any control over . 
  vote leave writing 648 pages would therefore have been very dishonest . 
   but the european communities act of 1972 would have to be repealed by parliament . 
  without a repeal of that all that leaving the eu would accomplish would be ... what ? 
  you would n't get subsidies anymore , you would n't have to pay anymore , you would n't be in the common market anymore , but you would still have to allow unhindered migration from the eu because all eu laws and regulations still apply in the uk . 
  parliament will of course repeal the european communities act 1972 and the government can not do that without parliamentary consent . 
  however , this is not urgent and requires quite a bit of thought because of existing eu legislation , which will be changed bit by bit over the coming years . 
  i have no doubt that parliament will be happy to amend and repeal the eca 1972 when the time comes . 
  the key point to note is that article 50 can be triggered by the government ( or the queen if necessary ) and parliament can not stop that happening . 
   i really can not believe that british law really empower the prime minister , any prime minster , to leave the eu whenever he wants to for no reason . 
  treaty making power , like declarations of war , are part of the royal prerogative and do n't need parliamentary consent . 
  parliament has never really tried to require their consent over these matters . 
   that would mean ever since article50 was created the current pm could have left at any time just because he had a bad day ? 
  how dumb are these british really ? 
  we just have a very different constitution from you . 
  ( one of the many reasons why it did not make sense for us to be in the eu . ), 
   although granted their version of things actually has a clear plan . 
  the currency part of the plan is not clear . 
   17m people forced an uncertain future on 500m . 
  the rest of the eu does not need to have an uncertain future . 
  it is up to you to decide what you want with the eu now . 
  no need to worry about this , but you can simply embrace and enjoy this great opportunity . 
  username checks out . 
   in this sub alone are probably 10 stories about reform papers coming from all over the place this is one of the many good things caused by the fantastic news of last week . 
  it will cause the eu to think about reform in a new and radical manner . 
  you 're welcome, 
   wait , what ? 
  he lost a confidence vote and refused to leave ? 
  how 's that going to work ? 
  he did n't thought this through , did he ? 
  in the long run the labour party will get rid of him . 
  however , unfortunately for the labour party , it is not easy for them to get rid of their leaders and it therefore might not be as quick as they would like . 
  the conservatives can get rid of their leaders very quickly .
