  in the unlikely circumstance in which you get a schulz chancellor ( e.g. 
  he somehow manages to be the dominant part of a red/black coalition or somehow makes red/red/green or red/green/yellow work ) then he will naturally start talking about eurobonds and fiscal transfers , because he believes these things ideologically and knows that they are the only way to make his project , the eu , actually function . 
  it would of course be madness for him to talk about this before the election . 
   if he decides to campaign on the basis of supporting those measures he wo n't do this prior to the election . 
  he will start campaigning on it once he is chancellor . 
   yeah . 
  maybe tied to the british pound or euro at first ( or both ) not sure how a scottish currency can be tied to both gbp and eur when gbp and eur are not tied to each other ... 
   if we get no say in such an important matter as leaving the eu , then the constitutional arrangement does not work for us . 
  you did get a say , everyone in scotland got a vote , both in the referendum and in the general election . 
  that is called having a say . 
  your vote counted exactly the same as my vote . 
  obviously , if you do n't want to be in the uk , then it makes sense to vote to leave the uk . 
  i am not opposed to scotland having a referendum on that . 
  you also get votes . 
  the system of banks printing the currency is the easy bit . 
  the harder bit is creating a central bank which backs up the banking system . 
  [ i hope this link will work ] ( https://www.supremecourt.uk/cases/docs/uksc-2016-0196-judgment.pdf ) - the parts on sewel convention are from para 136ish . 
  my expectation is that brexit is going to end up taking norway out of the eea in the long run . 
  the eea is not really an equilibrium position for norway . 
  we 'll see and it will be interesting to watch . 
  i am curious as to see what their plan on currency will be . 
  my view is not based on the media , but reading the supreme court 's judgment . 
  as a matter of law , there is no requirement for consent from devolved legislatures . 
  obviously , the scottish parliament can withhold consent , but it does not have a legal consequence . 
  the scottish government prepared a massive white paper on independence . 
  so there was a plan . 
  courts have already sorted this . 
  supreme court clarified that this was a decision for westminster . 
  salmond was n't rushed . 
  the first referendum was a few years after the mandate for it . 
  you seem to be arguing that people who do not want to their country to be in the eu are just plain wrong and that it is objectively worse than being in the eu . 
  that is not the case . 
  it is a question of preferences . 
  you also have not acknowledged that different preferences come from different historical experiences . 
  i can not understand why you can not appreciate that . 
   ideas compete on national level and they are continuing to do so on a european level . 
  i do n't believe that ideas compete as effectively outside a national democracy as within it . 
  for ideas to flourish in a democratic context , a demos is required ,  no wonder after decades of `` us vs. them '' rhetorics . 
  no , there has never been any sense of european identity in the uk . 
  it is n't the case that our media caused a change in our sense of identity . 
  it is the case that our sense of identity continued to be what it has been for centuries . 
   do n't forget that half of the uk electorate was actually able to anticipate that a unified europe ( and i mean : e pluribus unum ) is better than going back to sectionalism . 
  the choice is not being in a unified europe or going back to sectionalism , the choice is being in the eu or not being in the eu . 
  as for those that voted remain , that is no indication that those people wanted to be in federal europe , wanted the euro , wanted schengen , wanted a european army or any other of your projects . 
   i want a return to the scotland of the scottish enlightenment : some gosh darn entrepreneurial spirit , some individualism . 
  i want this too . 
  just like last time , it would be well received and copied down here . 
   the vindictive part of me wants to see scotland go independent and become a third world hell-hole , just to say `` i told you so '' . 
  personally i have a lot of confidence in scotland and scots . 
  i am not one of those who participated in project fear or ever thought that scotland could not be successful as an independent country . 
  i actually thought that campaign was extremely rude . 
  ( though it would sadden me hugely to see the uk end . ), 
   the assumption that there is a combining national interest over european alignment over certain topics is - to put it mildly - naive . 
  you seem unable to want to entertain the idea that different countries have different histories and therefore different preferences . 
  the eu is not some objective good - it is simply a system of governance that some people like and others do n't like , and reasons for liking it and disliking it may be rational or irrational on both sides and historical experience is a contributing factor . 
  just calling people who disagree with you na\u00efve seems weird to me . 
   the general reaction here was `` wtf . 
  is he on drugs ? '', 
  yeah , the reaction here was like , those europeans just do n't like good banter . 
  not sure if the uk people care much now that we are leaving , but i suspect a majority of people in other eu countries are probably against a serbian accession . 
  ( but open to be proved wrong if anyone has data or a convincing argument . ), 
  the more countries in the eu , the harder it is for it to agree anything at all . 
  i think the ts and cs would be on timing primarily . 
  i am not sure if they would want formal , `` this is the last chance '' as that would be used by the snp as a campaign tactic . 
  uk 's general foreign policy objectives for the last several hundred years has been ( i ) free trade and ( ii ) ensure that there is a balance of power in europe . 
  turkish eu accession is good for both of these objectives . 
   this way it seems that england want to be free ( from eu ? 
  ) , but does n't lets others to be free ( n.ireland + scotland ) . 
  no , it is just our constitution . 
  scotland has not asked for a referendum . 
  the last time they asked , we said yes . 
  if they ask again , we will say yes again . 
   and that one day after brits decided to leave the eu their newly minted foreign minister and prime brexiteer boris johnson declared that he would support turkey 's bid . 
  supporting turkey 's accession has been uk policy for years . 
  it did not just start the day after we voted to leave . 
  [ this is the most recent policy statement , a couple of years old , but the position has not changed . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/2010-to-2015-government-policy-stability-in-the-western-balkans/2010-to-2015-government-policy-stability-in-the-western-balkans ), 
  uk strongly supports accession of serbia . 
  the joke 's on you , they are coming into the pub !, 
  curious as to what happens when we leave the pub . 
  do you just start drink less ? 
  which drinks ? 
  or does someone else start paying more ? 
  who ? 
  we might be leaving the pub , but we are probably going to look through the window now and then just to check out the drinking arrangements , 
   so estonia will work to punish uk , even if uk right now are deploying troops in estonia ? 
  as a brit who is very committed to nato and very worried about putin , i personally would want uk to send troops to estonia and do our best keep nato strong even if estonia under any circumstance . 
  in my view it simply is in uk interest to do our part in keeping estonia out of putin 's grasp . 
  my own views aside , from the perspective of international relations , of course the uk is not going to totally separate its views on nato from its views on trade with baltics . 
  international relations just can not be segmented in that way . 
  i just can not see how making trade between uk and eu difficult is good for nato . 
   because - and i am sure you are with me on this - every country is free to make their own choices and we should not interfere directly in this regard . 
  while we do agree with other here , we probably disagree over whether we think that the eu gives the member states ( and the voters in those states ) sufficient flexibility to make their own choices and how that impacts liberal democracy within those states . 
  but we 've already had that discussion a number of times and know each others ' different views   in my opinion , the best way continues to be just doing better through our embracement of liberal values . 
  we need to be vocal about these successes however . 
  i agree with this too largely . 
  lead by example and soft power . 
  in the context of the uk at least , where the government is mandated by law to give 0.7 % of gdp in overseas aid , there is currently a debate about whether or not that aid should have conditions attached . 
  can we buy a liberal democracy ? 
  we can all agree that aid to refugees in syria or victims of ebola etc is unconditional .
