  i do n't think it makes sense to call the uk goverment some british people with an agenda . 
  the very few people in the uk who want the uk to join the euro do not benefit . 
  the right time for the rest of the west to save greece is after a grexit . 
  the rest of the west is not trying to save the euro : that is a job for the eurozone . 
   the ez was designed poorly because states were n't willing to give up more sovereignty . 
  that 's just how the eu works , however - states reach an imperfect consensus because they are not willing to give up powers . 
  as problems caused by the design become harder to ignore , the consensus changes towards greater integration and problems are gradually solved . 
  this is how the single market was created ( with a little bit of help from the ecj , of course ) . 
  i do n't think you can compare the single market with monetary union as two projects . 
  the single market was created gradually , but the starting design was ultimately a sensible one and no significant problems were created by it . 
  differently , monetary union did not have a sensible starting point . 
  if we were going to go back in time and recreate the single market and monetary union , we would not do things very differently with the single market . 
  however , we would create monetary union in a very different way . 
   the consensus changes towards greater integration and problems are gradually solved . 
  i think we 're not quite there yet on monetary union . 
  i 'm not seeing a consensus . 
   how are they going to do that if the ez tells greece to go fist itself ? 
  you see the attitude on this forum every day . 
  `` i 'm fed up of greece . '', 
  `` they can leave , they 've had their chances . '', 
  yes , i agree that a lot of people are very angry and hostile to greece . 
  i 'm not one of them . 
  i also believe that the rest of the west , e.g. 
  uk , usa , australia , japan , canada etc would try and ensure greece does not fall in russia 's sphere of influence by giving greece bilateral loans in the immediate aftermath of a grexit . 
   so gdp growth % of ea11 ( as it launched in -99 ) vs uk . 
  we definitely would be comparing very different kind of countries , but the date might be good for positive spin as ea11 excludes greece . 
  no , when considering the eurozone , it does not make sense to only include the ea11 . 
  it makes sense to include greece too , as they are in the eurozone . 
  it also does not make sense just to consider gdp , but other economic indicators too , like employment levels . 
   you are now a drone of anglo-american magazines . 
  are you trying to be insulting ? 
  if so , please stop . 
  it not , please be aware that you sound insulting . 
  perhaps because english is not your native language , you might not be aware but `` you are now a drone '' is very insulting . 
  greece does matter . 
  this is why this is headline stuff in every newspaper in europe and will continue to be . 
  the eurozone was designed poorly . 
  if it had been designed well , we would not be contemplating a grexit . 
  if it had been designed well , we would n't be seeing the five presidents putting out a report setting out significant changes to the eurozone . 
  they would have made it work first time round and avoided this mess . 
   no , but people will rightly or wrongly draw parallels . 
  and if greece gets messy the pro-eu brigade will have a very real , very big fear factor to point at . 
  i do n't think people will draw parallels . 
  british people know that the uk is not in the euro . 
  if a grexit gets messy , then the eu , as a project , is tarnished . 
  i think this fundamentally will make it less attractive for british people . 
   uk is neither so it 's opinion is pretty far in the irrelevant . 
  opinions can be good or bad and it makes sense to judge an opinion on its own merits , rather than simply judging the person who formed the opinion . 
   gdp per capita , ppp ( constant 2005 international $ ) your chart shows the uk , finland and germany , though only has data up until 2013 , so is a bit out of date . 
  as already mentioned , when looking at the eurozone it makes sense to consider every country in the eurozone , not a selected couple . 
   \u2022 government debt as percentage of gdp outside the eurozone , the uk is able to choose for itself how much deficit ( and debt ) it has . 
  this is an advantage . 
   i think a grexit would truly kill a brexit there is no way on earth greece is going to leave the euro is anything approaching a good state . 
  a grexit and a brexit are two different things . 
  a grexit means that greece leaves the eurozone . 
  a brexit means that the uk leaves the eu . 
  the uk would not be leaving the eu in the same state as greece leaves the eurozone . 
   aside from the fact that the people do n't seem to want it , greece does not have an export-led economy and it has already done an internal devaluation which should make it more competitive . 
  the greek people seem to want to stay in the euro , but not have austerity . 
  in every eventuality , the greeks will end up with something they do n't want . 
  it is a question of the lesser evil . 
  as for what happens to the greek economy after a grexit , that really depends on the actions of the greek government and we ca n't predict them . 
  i 'm not confident that the current government will do the correct things , but hopefully a grexit would lead to a change of government that leads to agressive anti corruption and market reforms enabling greece to export better . 
   it would be a major blow to the west . 
  it kind of depends what happens in the long run to greece . 
  if greece falls under russia 's sphere of influence , that would be a major blow to the west . 
  but the west should be able to try and stop that happening . 
   only if your point of view is pro brexit even if you are not pro brexit , but are pro a repatriation of powers from the eu ( e.g. 
  the official position of the uk government ) , then a grexit does strengthen the uk 's hand . 
  obviously , if you a brit that wants the uk to join the eurozone as soon as possible and get rid of all opt-outs and move towards a fderal eu as soon as possible , then i agree , in the event of a grexit , you are not a winner . 
   even that opinion from uk is useless as even in that you have vested interest . 
  everyone has vested interests . 
  this is not a reason not to listen to what they are saying . 
  even though they have vested interests , they might be right . 
   if you look at gdp per capita germany/uk it seems to be working just fine . 
  when considering the euro , it does not make sense just to consider the impact on germany . 
  it makes sense to consider the impact on all the eurozone countries . 
  there is no doubt that germany has a very good economy , i am not questioning that . 
  however , looking at the uk 's economic growth in the last couple of decades , it has not been harmed by staying out of the euro . 
   that 's true but his plans for euro area should be put straight to the dustbin on the basis that they are n't relevant and he and the uk have massive bias on their opinions making the useless for the ea . 
  the uk 's position on the eurozone has been for the last 20 years that it was designed poorly . 
  the uk has not changed its position . 
  the rest of eu seems now to be starting to accept the uk position . 
  honestly , it would have been better for everyone if the rest of the eu had listened to the uk position from the start . 
  it makes no sense to ignore dissenting voices . 
  it makes sense to listen to them . 
  they may be correct . 
  see my reply to / u/savannajeff !, 
  it will be the ultimate vindication for the british politicians that pointed out the flaws in the eurozone 's design and kept the uk out of the eurozone . 
  it will also be the most visible example of the concept of `` ever closer union '' not applying in every circumstance and of powers being able to move in both directions , from the member states to the eu and in the other direction too . 
  getting out of `` ever closer union '' and repatriating powers is key to the uk government 's demands . 
  if greece can leave the eurozone , then surely there is no reason why the uk can not leave stuff it does n't like and also repatriate powers . 
  a grexit will also force the reurozone to think about what they want to do with emu and the eu generally in a more dramatic way and it is inevible that treaty change will have to happen soon . 
  for the uk to agree treaty change involving further integration , the uk can ( and should ) demand an extensive quid pro quo . 
  a grexit will also bolster those of us in the brexit camp and will likely impact public perception of the eu within the uk . 
  in my mind this will strengthen cameron 's hand . 
  an eu that has just lost greece from the eurozone ( effectively a gigantic loss of prestige ) will surely become even more worried about losing the uk . 
   it really is n't any of his concern . 
  it is a british concern . 
  if there is more eurozone integration , this impacts the position of the uk in the eu .
