  all of it . 
  every single bit . 
  you can have the entire asset . 
  you do n't just get your percentage . 
  you get our percentage too . 
  ruk taxpayer ( do n't worry , we 're not asking iscotland to pay for this ) then pays for a new asset called bank of ruk , prints a new currency , called ruk pound for which bank of ruk has monetary policy , passes legislation saying that ruk pound is legal tender in ruk , passes legislation that all existing debts denominated in gbp will be redenominated in ruk pounds rather than gbp at the time of independence and confirms to the markets that it will repay the entire share of the existing debt issued by the uk . 
  happy now ? 
  that asset that you want so much ? 
  you get to keep it . 
  we do n't slice that bit of the pie . 
  you can have the whole thing . 
  no threats !, 
  it 's yours . 
  all of it . 
  we 're not picking and choosing . 
  you have the whole thing to do exactly what you want with . 
  that liability that we share ? 
  you do n't have to repay it , we will repay all of it . 
   are you not in the least bit disappointed that your own government is telling it 's own citizens that if they do n't vote with the government then said government will flatly reject attempts to come to an agreement on an issue ? 
  this is n't a regular vote . 
  after independence they wo n't be your government any more . 
  you wo n't be their citizens . 
  that 's what independence means . 
   what if this was nothing to do with independence and the government said `` yeah you could vote labour in the next general election but if we happen to win it we 'll never listen to a registered lefty every again '' . 
  particularly shitty kind of democratic freedom they are promoting do n't you think ? 
  yes , that would be very shitty indeed . 
  but what 's happening here is n't that . 
  it is simply saying that if you want independence , you get to be , you know , independent . 
   if you take the marriage analogy , you would n't say that a husband could just flatly refuse the house ( or the car or whatever ) to the wife simply because she initiated divorce proceedings . 
  wanting out of the marriage does not require abandonment of all shared assets . 
  actually , under english law , initiating divorce proceedings changes property ownership of property fundamentally . 
  the husband and wife automatically stop being joint tenants , they become tenants in common . 
  joint tenancy is co-ownership , a bit like a currency union . 
  tenancy in common is an equitable division of the assets . 
   all ` union ' stuff should be split . 
  of course , all union stuff should be split . 
  but that includes the currency union . 
  it should be split . 
  i do n't understand how you can argue that things should be split and not expect the currency union to be split too . 
   so if we agree on that ( which i think we do because you do think we should get our share of the debt ) citation needed . 
  i think this is an open question in fact . 
  i expect that you will , for your own good , decide to pay your share . 
  if you decide not to , i expect we will pay it for you . 
   i believe osborne when he says it should not be done and that ruk will oppose it at every turn but saying he wo n't even discuss and that the decision is final betrays the idea that this is in any way a diplomatic process for the good of the people and it denies our ` property rights ' . 
  he 's essentially dismissing our part ownership of it out of hand which is a very extreme position to take against a segment of your own population who will still live in the country you run if the vote goes no . 
  as mentioned several times , this is not just osborne 's own personal intervention . 
  this is the treasury . 
  this is balls . 
  this is alexander . 
  this is everyone in england . 
  we 're not saying you do n't currently own the pound . 
  the uk owns the pound . 
  but if you do n't want want to be in the uk , it is hardly extreme to say that you wo n't be in a currency union with the uk . 
  after all the problems of the eurozone , to say anything else would be slightly irresponsible . 
   we just have to live with their choice is the problem . . you are voting , not me . 
  you make the choice . 
  we 're just telling you what that choice means . 
   i do n't think of it as a career move . 
  for someone who comes out of france 's top schools , taking the lead of a political party universaly hated by the mainstream media is n't the most risk-free thing to do . 
  i agree it is n't just a career move . 
  but perhaps 20 years ago he would n't have done this because it would have been career-suicide . 
  so the level of risk to his career is lower . 
  also , because the nf are a changing political party , without a tradition for many top-school educated people joining them , he can rise through the ranks quicker than joining an established party . 
   i think this is the disconnect , you ca n't not join something you are already in . 
  or more accurately you ca n't opt someone else out of something . 
  scotland and ruk are not currently two separate countries in a currency union , sharing equally in a resource . 
  they are a single entity owning a resource , a resource that has value partly because it is owned by a single entity . 
  a currency union would need to be created , a whole new legal agreement . 
  this new currency union , between two entirely independent states is not a continuation of the status quo . 
  it is an entirely new thing , that would require the consent of both parties and be massively negotiated . 
   scots have grew up being told they are an integral part , co-owners , of the concept of britain and i do n't get that feeling from other people , instead we seem to be viewed more as lodgers . 
  the english have also been told that they are co-owners of the concept of britain . 
  but the english are not the ones who are voting for independence and not the ones trying to end the union . 
  imagine if things were the other way round . 
  imagine if the english were having a vote on independence and were saying that they did not want to be in a country with scotland , but that the oil should continue to be a joint asset and be owned joinly by england and scotland after independence ? 
  how would that go down in scotland ? 
   osborne 's announcement implies he 's decided that 's the case , that he can just refuse us access to something that we think partially belongs to us . 
  this is n't just osborne . 
  this is balls . 
  this is alexander . 
  this is the treasury . 
  this is the first minister of wales . 
  this is pretty much everyone in england . 
  we were n't the ones wanting to end the union . 
  you wanted it . 
  do n't be surprised that we might not want to be liable to bail out your banks after you vote for independence . 
  we already have to bail out our own banks . 
   the euro is succeeding very well despite what you say . 
  and it is showing every sign that it is going from strength to strength . 
  then why the f * ck does n't scotland want to join it ? 
  join the euro !, 
  problem solved . 
   funny to see him making it into international press . 
  in my opinion he 's too good for the front national , it 's a by-default party for him : he 's more of a gaullist than anything else but the front national is the only significant party he can use to forward his ideas . 
  this is not surprising in my mind . 
  when minority parties start to do better and better , increasingly talented individuals move there as a career move . 
  ukip is ( slowly ) starting to see more talented individuals jump on board and get a media presence . 
   encouraging seeking informal agreements from actors which might not be in the decision making process when the formalities begin . 
  if you 're not confident about scotland 's abilities to seek informal agreements from actors who might be in the decision making process when the formalities begin , then do n't be surprised that ruk ca n't really do this either . 
  the fact that scotland ca n't control what a future spanish government might explain to you why ruk ca n't either .
