  trade is increasingly global as more things are traded over the internet and transport costs reduce . 
   nothing had changed because ... nothing has changed . 
  our economy is still doing fine because we 're still in the eu . 
  the remain side argued that the very act of leaving would cause a recession . 
  they were wrong . 
  even though we have not left the eu , business and individuals are currently operating on the assumption that we will leave the eu . 
  new zealand , australia and canada are incredibly comparable to the uk as we share a language , a history , a legal system and a head of state with them . 
   they might have given some support for ukip no , they did n't give support to ukip . 
  you are calling people who voted leave degenerate and saying that the clock is ticking on old people dying . 
  i am afraid this indicates you are extremely illiberal . 
   it 's the fraction of uk citizens that voted leave obviously new born babies do not vote . 
  in your case i do suspect , though , that you were not opposed to the scottish independence referendum taking place and that you became more opposed to the uk eu referendum upon the british people voting to leave . 
   the only half-good example you could give me is switzerland . 
  and they still have freedom of movement and labour regardless , and are functionally in the eu anyway as they have to follow all the rules the eu sets . 
  look at singapore , new zealand , canada , japan , australia , south korea . 
  they all do fine . 
  yes , we have a free press in the uk with plural views . 
  that is a good thing . 
  sounds like you just do n't like the fact that you lost . 
  you are extremely illiberal . 
  it was a lie by cameron , but the british people did not believe him and vote leave correctly pointed out during the referendum campaign that it would not be triggered the day after the referendum . 
   tories would have disregarded the results of this non-binding advisory referendum seriously , in the uk the government takes seriously what the people want , that is what should happen in a stable mature democracy . 
  the referendum was only non-binding and advisory on a purely technical basis . 
  politically , it is entirely binding , the government and parliament all promised to comply with it and the people voted on it expecting it to be complied with . 
   no , surely not alone , nobody said that , but they played a significant part . 
  no , the russians did not play a part in the uk leaving the eu . 
  not `` the uk '' . 
  a small majority of 26 % of uk citizens . 
  more british people wanted to leave the eu than wanted to remain . 
  using a figure of 26 % is totally nonsense - it is just a made up number . 
   indeed but the pound has devalued massively since brexit . ], 
  the ability of the pound to float is a good thing , not a bad thing . 
  this is exactly why we ( sensibly ) stayed out of the euro . 
   if you want to shit on this country then i will be sad , the country is n't being shitted on . 
  ( there are lots of successful countries in the world that are not in the eu . ), 
  the turn out was 72.2 % and leave got 51.9 % . 
  if you multiply 51.9 by 0.722 you do not get 27 . 
   `` the people '' , if you aspire to use it in a populist political context , should really be a high majority , or else you are probably screwed . 
  we would be screwed if we decided to ignore the majority . 
  fortunately we are not doing that . 
   and do you think you know what they all currently think or does that not matter any more and if so why ? 
  obviously it does not make sense to ask them again every day . 
  if you are someone who believes in polling , you might be interested to know that polling indicates that the british people currently still want to leave the eu and think that the government is right to be respecting the will of the people and do not want another referendum . 
  i agree that it was close , but it was also clear that a majority voted to leave . 
   funny , i thought they thought the uk was having a schizoid embolism . 
  do you have any data on this perchance ? 
  [ brexit damages uk 's reputation in eu - but wider world admires quitting bloc ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/brexit-uk-reputation-eu-commonwealth_uk_58517127e4b00f3fd28c541f ), 
   russian-backed anti-eu popular conditioning it was not the russians that caused the uk to leave the eu , it was the british people who , in a liberal democracy , decided to leave . 
  i find it a bit surprising that your position is that the scottish people should not be able to decide if they want to be independent if they want a referendum . 
  it seems very illiberal . 
   how can you say that he is `` right '' ? 
  politics is not mathematics . 
  on lots of things he is wrong and actually when i made that comment i was not specifically referring to farage . 
  i was simply pointing out that the uk should aim to do the right thing rather than to do something which is popular , when these two things conflict . 
   ~ 27 % of the voting eligible population wanted to leave the eu at the time of the referendum i am afraid your maths is wrong here . 
   and polls have shown a distinct move towards remain in the aftermath as the early impacts are felt actually , polls have not shown any moves . 
   why would i look at exchange rates from ten years ago with just newly created currency ? 
  the currency was created more than ten years ago . 
   either you have in work or education never had to deal with anything large complex effort , or you have watched to much game of thrones `` chaos is a ladder '' fantasy and are removed from reality , or you are just a russian troll working the post-fact world . 
  i am a lawyer and deal with complex things all the time . 
  the majority want to leave the eu . 
  more than half . 
  leave won and remain lost . 
   degenerates wanting to leave the eu is not degenerate . 
  ( when you resort to calling people who want to leave the eu degenerate , you really have lost the argument . 
  it really is unsurprising that you also lost the referendum . ), 
  we wo n't be back in the eu in a decade - the british people would never accept the euro as a currency . 
   from a both business and diplomacy perspective that is not entirely true . 
  the rest of the world is more important than europe . 
  around the rest of the world brexit has been looked on positively , even though many in this sub are of course very butthurt . 
  ( source - look at all the downvotes that eusceptics get . ), 
   and as much as you are zealously convinced of brexit being the promised land , verdict on that one is not out yet . 
  it 's not even started yet . 
  while the uk has not left the eu yet , the process for leaving is clearly in train , what with the uk and the eu both doing their negotiating preparations and business and individuals preparing . 
   you do realise that we have n't actually left the eu , and that we are still full members of the eu , right ? 
  yes , but we are going to leave the eu and business and individuals are working on the assumption that we will leave the eu . 
  the remain campaign argued that voting to leave the eu would cause a recession ( they have been proved wrong ) . 
   the face of brexit is an inbred , mentally challenged one . 
  i understand that you are very upset that the people voted to leave the eu , but do try to learn how to debate without resorting to insulting language . 
   people like him are the reason that british popularity in the rest of europe has suffered lately though . 
  it is more important to be right than to be popular . 
   leaving the eu increases barriers for trade with europe only if the eu puts up barriers . 
   and reducing product standards coordination with the eu that of itself is not putting up a barrier to trade . 
  personally i think the uk should allow all products that can be sold legally anywhere in the world also to be sold legally in the uk ( except in the most extreme circumstances ) . 
   or you decide to retract from art . 
  50 altogether no thanks . 
  we want to leave the eu . 
  no , you just do n't like the fact that the people do n't want to be in the eu . 
   which makes his continued prominence in the media all the more impressive/peculiar . 
  it is not that surprising , he loves the media and the media love him . 
  ( source - look at how many people on this sub love to discuss him and the number of responses to the parent comment and the way the parent comment has been heavily upvoted . ), 
  the question on the ballot paper could not have been clearer . 
  more than 17 million british people voted to leave the eu , so we are going to leave the eu . 
  i see that your previous comment has been deleted by the moderators . 
  please think carefully about your language on this sub and learn how to debate without being insulting . 
  people voted to leave the eu because they wanted to leave the eu . 
  in massive numbers they came out and voted for it . 
  it was a shame that the remain campaign made many lies , i agree . 
   the best argument for representative democracy rather than direct democracy is the above two comments ... on questions of profound constitutional importance , of course it is right to check with the people . 
  i am sure you agreed with scotland having a referendum on independence , no ?
