  there are lots in the labour party that want the eu to have fewer powers . 
  the people that want the eu to have more powers or federalist are a minority fringe . 
  yes , obviously most of the british public are n't interested in the eu . 
  the few that are , want to leave . 
  ukip just got most votes in the uk . 
  it is so disappointing that this vote is a secret ballot ... 
   and besides at the time monti was the italian prime minister , guiding one of the most pro-eu and hated cabinets ever . 
  fair point . 
  however , do you think a different italian leader would really have refused to sign the fiscal compact ? 
   italy was n't actually on the same boat as the uk . 
  true . 
  italy is n't on the same boat as the uk . 
  [ however , in increasing numbers , italians are choosing to get of the italian boat and join the british boat anyway ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/feb/27/net-migration-uk-jumps-30-percent ) ... 
  yeah , eusceptics like me get lots of downvotes constantly . 
   they should try to promote some policies to restart the economy but the fiscal compact makes everything impossible . 
  the uk did n't sign the fiscal compact : it kind of surprises me that italy signs all this stuff and then complains about it . 
  is n't it best not to sign it to start with ? 
   how can you invest in something if you 're forced to cut 45 billions $ of expense a year ? 
  uk has done a lot of cutting , but we also have our own currency , printed money and have created record numbers of new jobs in the last couple of years . 
  we now have strong economic growth . 
  so i think some austerity can work for some countries . 
  however , what works for the uk might not work for italy , because you are in the eurozone . 
   i 'd give you gold if i had any . . but i 'm just a poor southern italian fleeing the country like a coward . 
  is fleeting your country a solution ? 
  i know it is a solution to your own personal situation and i know that is the most important thing , but what are the long-term prospects for your country when all the talented people leave and get jobs in uk , netherlands , germany etc ? 
   italian union leads campaign against eu austerity compact . 
  why did the italian government sign up to this kind of stuff ? 
  i would have thought it would have made sense for italy to have refused to sign ( like the uk did ) ? 
  in the uk , it would not be socially acceptable for white people to blacken their faces in this way , even if it were part of some long-standing tradition that did n't have racist connotations . 
  thus , it always surprises me that this is socially acceptable in the netherlands . 
  in my view this is obviously not something for the courts or other branches of government to get involved with !, 
  hopefully the uk will come out of the eu soon , so we wo n't have to keep paying for them . 
  in the meantime , as an eu taxpayer , that 's where i want my taxes to go . 
  nigel farage 's plan is a very clear one . 
  i did read it . 
  fortunately the only british political party that wants a federal eu , the liberal democrats , look to be decimated in the next general election . 
  fortunately the three main political parties in the uk , conservatives , labour and ukip are all opposed to this . 
  farage is n't round the corner . 
  brexit is though . 
   general stance is that we 've avoided crisis thanks to having z\u0142oty , opinions are mixed : in lastest poll , 46 % is for euro , 42 % against . 
  49 % think that adopting euro would be a bad move , 16 % have contrary opinion . 
  46 % per cent want to adopt the euro , but 49 % think it would be a bad move ? 
  ouch . 
   if you forget about the rebate . . 
  it is right that brits get the rebate . 
  with the rebate , the uk 's net contributions would be far higher than france 's . 
  the rebate is a mechanism that ensures that the uk and france , which have similar sized economies , have similar-sized net contributions . 
  obviously , anything else would be unfair . 
   the point is that they want to avoid pooling funds whenever possible , which will reduce money spent on mutual assistance , ultimately . 
  citation needed . 
  i was speaking specifically in relation to disaster relief . 
  the uk is not trying to reduce this spending , therefore i find it surprising that you think the uk is shirking . 
   `` the eu is a waste of taxpayer money '' is a very common complaint about and against the eu . 
  this complaint of course remains true . 
  look at the strasbourg parliament !, 
   you say : britain can and should co-operate with as much of the free , liberal and democratic world as possible . 
  and the uk should look out for the uk 's interests . 
  make up your mind . 
  these two statements are consistent . 
  it is in the uk 's interests to co-operate with the as much of the free , liberal and democratic world as possible . 
   `` the british do n't want it '' , but rarely why they do n't want it . 
  brits do n't want it because they think that there is a significant risk that europeans will choose a government that brits do n't want and that government will have significant power over them . 
   they just do n't want it to work for some reason we 're not allowed to know , and everything else is an excuse . 
  my own position is that the uk should leave the eu as soon as possible . 
  i 'm therefore not really minded to try and defend the position of cameron ( who wants the uk to stay in the eu but not to accept the spitzenkandiden ) . 
  however , i think cameron 's argument does have some merit : - most of the eu electorate had not heard of the spitzenkandidaten - most of the eu electorate participate far more in local elections than eu elections - most of the eu electorate vote in eu elections on the basis of local issues - there is no clear basis in the treaty for the spitzenkandidaten and given that sovereignty is a sensitive area , a change to a spitzenkandidaten system should be done by explicit treaty change however much you might theoretically want a spitzenkandidaten system , this should not be the system that brits are subject to if they do n't want it . 
  as i understand it , a majority of brits trust their own prime minister 's ability to choose the head of the commission rather than the voters in the rest of the eu . 
  this is because brits feel a sense of historical and cultural connection with each other and their own parliamentary system which they do n't feel with other europeans . 
  however , as stated , in my mind the logical consequence of this is that brits should leave the eu as soon as possible and if let continentals do their thing . 
   then stop sabotaging deepening of eu cooperation . 
  it 's certainly possible . 
  the uk should look out for the uk 's interests . 
  if the interests of the uk and the rest of the eu have diverged , then the uk should leave the eu ( which is my position ) . 
  to the extent that the uk stays in the eu , the uk should obviously refuse any further transfer of sovereignty . 
  however , other countries should be able to tranfer sovereignty if they want . 
   to which i obviously reply yes , but you 're not going to get away with shifting the burden of evidence on me . 
  why is the burden on me rather than you ? 
  i think it is on both of us as we both want a change in the status quo , me to less integration and a brexit , you to full on federation . 
   what are the differences that makes it impossible for the uk to cooperate with other european countries that are n't present there ? 
  britain can cooperate with other european countries . 
  britain can and should co-operate with as much of the free , liberal and democratic world as possible . 
   they 're refusing to do it in the eu through the disaster fund . . so that indicates that your not doing that for the purpose of disaster mitigation , but to further political aims . 
  you claimed that brits were shirking from systematic funding . 
  my understanding is that brits are providing the funding that is required of them . 
  therefore they are not shirking from their funding obligations . 
   the only reason you would n't do it is to be able to decry the eu as a money transfert from rich to poor countries , `` it costs a lot of taxpayer money and we get nothing back '' . 
  well , the uk did get back something very specifically - but refused it . 
  they only have to blame themselves for it . 
  brits are n't blaming the eu for the operation of the disaster relief fund . 
  it is europeans that seem to be blaming britain for not using it . 
  i am happy that we did n't use it , i 'm not blaming anyone . 
  you seem to be doing the blaming . 
  i 'm happy for britain to contribute to poor countries : but ideally the real poor people in the world . 
  in fact , britain is one of the most generous countries in the world at foreign aid . 
   if they need to be checked and will be overruled if they give different results - effectively making it necessary to do the work over - what 's the point of their existence ? 
  this is how british justice operates in relation to all disputes . 
  for example , if the british courts are faced with deciding a contract that was governed by russian law or enforcing a judgment made by a russian court , the british courts would need to undertake a similar exercise . 
  as for the point of their existence , some people want them to exist and in certain circumstances they do no harm . 
  therefore , in a liberal democracy they should be allowed to exist . 
   so you think it makes sense that bonds would n't be issued to women , for example ?
