  the very characterisation of the opposition is that they are in the minority and do n't have the ability to stop a majority vote in the hoc . 
  the main constitutional function of hm 's loyal opposition is to hold a government to account . 
  in the uk 's constitutional system , the party of government typically has a parliamentary majority , but this is not always the case . 
  even when it does have a majority , the government itself does not have a parliamentary majority and as you know backbenchers frequently vote against the government and thus can defeat government legislation . 
  this has already happened multiple times even in this parliament ( e.g. 
  fox-hunting ) . 
   because the uk has no checks and balances the uk has multiple checks , including hm 's loyal opposition , the legal system , the independent and loud press , the hol , the electorate , etc etc etc. 
   half of these speakers sound like complete nutjobs . 
  this is unsurprising ... 
   picking a concept and attempting to appropriate it is not an argument . 
  reductive nationalism is not an argument . 
  there is no pan-eu identity . 
  few people vote in the eu elections , few people have any understanding of the eu parliament 's powers , what they debate and so forth . 
  there is no paneu media effectively scrutinising their actions or holding them to account . 
  unsurprisingly the legislation they produce is very poor quality . 
  for a democracy to work effectively , there must be a sense of wanting to suffer common governance , to be happy to send your taxes to the other citizens of the same state . 
  this does not work in the eu . 
   i did n't vote for the pm , how can he say he represents my county 's interests ? 
  which is your country ? 
  you are refusing to accept that the eu is going to be subject to massive change . 
  the eu is not the status quo . 
  as you know , the eurozone has been incredibly unsuccessful and caused an unemployment tragedy across the continent . 
  the only way the eurozone can become stable is for it to become a fiscal union , which will necessitate massive change . 
  this is not the status quo . 
   if you ca n't hold your position without making personal attacks , rethink your position . 
  i 've not made any personal attacks , though your entire set of posts on this thread have been incredibly rude . 
  national soverignty is hugely important because it ties in with democracy . 
  do not dismiss this argument : our prosperity , peace and freedom depend upon it . 
   that said for example i could see a federation between austria , germany and the beneluxm possibly with france work out and i think in such a union the uk could also have its place . 
  thanks , but i think we will pass on this opportunity . 
  not sure how you plan on getting rid of portugal , italy , greece and spain , given that you are in a currency union with them , but good luck with it . 
   however do n't be surprised if other eu countries call dibs on some of the economy sectors you were in . 
  you do n't call dibs on sectors by protectionism . 
  you call dibs on them by being better at them . 
  otherwise you are just taxing your people more . 
   what i meant is that it 's much better for the eu to put tariffs on , for example , cars from the uk and increase domestic production ( it boosts the economy of the member states , lowers unemployment ) . 
  it is quite possible that once the uk leaves , the reu reverts to the kind of protectionism that you mention . 
  personally i am in favour of free trade and do not think that the uk should put in place any protectionist policies in relation to trade . 
  your argument seems to be that we should stay in the eu because if we leave the reu will revert to protectionism and start putting tariffs on things is a reason to leave , not a reason to remain . 
   history suggests otherwise . 
  the big have always been able to impose their interests onto the small . 
  the eu has never successfully bullied anyone ( except countries within the eu ) because its processes mean that it can not make rational decisions quickly . 
  this is not about to change . 
   no , it would continue being an internal matter , because the eu representatives would still conduct all trade negotiations regardless . 
  obviously the powers that be in the eu are very shielded from the peoples they govern for the time-being , but even in the eu eventually the angry voter will catch up with the powerful . 
   i 'm certain that you 're very much aware of what separates the us , chinese and eu economies from the rest , so i 'm not going to spend any more time addressing that . 
  the us is a booming mature economy , china is a booming developing economy , suddenly growing at its showest rate for many years , the eu is an economy in crisis with slow growth and high unemployment . 
  they are very different from each other . 
   i think you 're going to have to do more than tell me what you think national sovereignty is , because if your argument is simply `` the concept of national sovereignty exists '' that argument is so broad as to be utterly meaningless . 
  i also asked you what you think national soverignty means , seeing as it is not clear that you know what it means . 
  my argument is not just that it is exists , but that it is also important . 
  for it implies the ability of a people to decide how they should be governed and it thus integral to the very notion of democracy , which guarantees our peace , freedom and prosperity . 
   the dishonest words of one upset with the status quo yet unable to make an argument to overturn it . 
  the eu is not a status quo , it is in flux . 
   yes , but you 're misrepresenting it as an alternative of equal or similar value . 
  how much you like a particular deal partly depends on your values and different people have different values . 
  the fact that you may value one particular type of deal does not mean that i do . 
   you are living in a fantasy universe where you can take actions that hurt the interest of others and not suffer any consequences in return . 
  realpolitik is always realpolitik , of course . 
  but what exactly are the us and the reu going to do to the british voter ? 
  the uk is a liberal democracy and an integral part of the international system of trade and security . 
  it will stay that way . 
  and i wish all the best to the czech republic , i think you can be a wonderful country , as you continue transition away from the long shadow of the warsaw pact towards liberal democracy . 
  i hope you never give up on your desire to govern yourselfs and remember that freedom that was so important to you . 
  ( think very carefully before tranferring more power away from your national institutions towards brussels . 
  ask yourself if that is really what you want your nation to do ! ), 
  good luck without us - you will need it !, 
   the eu would n't like countries like that next to its shores , because other countries might want to follow the suit . 
  this attitude , that the eu fears healthy , liberal democracies near to its shores , tells you everything that you need to know . 
   it is misleading to present a free trade deal as a viable alternative to unrestricted single market access . 
  actually , it is an alternative . 
  switzerland 's deal , after all , is not unrestricted single market access , but a tailored deal . 
   as uk would be a politically rebellious entity that went against both the eu and us interests ( which are for the uk to remain in the eu ) , that would certainly paint the tone and flexibility of the ensuing negotiations . 
  it is in the us 's interests for the uk to stay in the eu ( fearing that the eu will go even more to shit when the uk leaves ) but this does not mean that the us will not , once we leave , not want to put in place a speedy trade deal with the uk . 
  the eu is of course quite likely to act like a petulant child when the british voters say they do n't want to be part of it any more and could revert to its protectionist instincts . 
  the petulance of the eu elite and its protectionist instincts are not good arguments for `` remain '' , they are good arguments for `` leave '' . 
  [ we can each play google and copy and paste . 
  ] ( http://www.cityam.com/225156/capital-economics-city-may-see-long-term-brexit-benefits ) i 'm not a banker , but i do work in the city of london and do business with people all over the world . 
  you also need to remember that the city faces disavantages within the eu ( as some eu regulation is designed specifically to harm the city ) . 
   the uk is the fifth biggest economy in the world where only three economies really matter . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` matter '' here , but the uk economy certainly matters to other global economies . 
  the eu will get a fta with the uk not because of `` bullying '' or because of size but because the uk and the reu will both want the same thing , a comprehensive trading arrangement . 
   that would be a very unsuccessful play . 
  no country would sacrifice their own position in the eu to gain favor with the uk . 
  if you look at who the export-heavy countries in the eu are , they are particularly unlikely to give any ground here . 
  it would be unsuccessful , but so would any attempt to `` bully '' be unsuccessful . 
   how unemployed or angry the voters inside the eu get is a matter internal to the eu member states and the eu itself . 
  this is not a matter relevant to negotiating free trade deals , and uk wo n't really be able to use it as such . 
  it will stop being an internal matter as increasinlgy populists get elected to governments and those governments will have opinions and will want to make an impact . 
  there is only so long you can ignore the will of the people . 
  sooner or later you will have to face your angry electorates . 
  ( they have plenty of reasons to be angry . ), 
   new york - the centre for usa , hong kong - china , singapore - southeast asia , london after brexit - british isles and russian oligarchs ? 
  did you just ignore what i wrote ?!, 
  new york is not a usa financial centre , it is a global financial centre . 
  london is also a global financial centre . 
  so is hong kong . 
  finance can move round the globe incredibly easily . 
  that is why it would be a mistake for the uk to try and just be a european financial centre when it can compete with other global financial centres . 
   considering that eu is in the process of negotiating a comprehensive free trade deal with the us , leaving the eu at this point would pretty much screw companies that trade across the entire globe too .
