  while the leader might not have consequences once he is gone , the party does face consequences . 
   we need to be able to robustly trust things politicians say or the game theory solution to the problem of getting elected becomes to lie as much as possible . 
  what is your solution ? 
   the problem is that politicians will say any old shit to get elected ( `` no top down reorganisation of the nhs '' , `` greenest government ever '' ) then not follow through when they are elected . 
  you do n't have to vote for the conservatives though , do you , if you do n't trust them . 
  vote for someone else instead . 
   i refuse to believe that kind of claim , considering how deceptive our government is , until they can back it up . 
  burden of proof for me is n't the only relevant consideration here . 
  in general i do agree with you that the government should provide data to justify decisions . 
  however , if what the government claims is true , that releasing the data would constitute a security risk , obviously they should n't release it . 
   this notion of the `` free market '' is so juvenile . 
  markets are n't `` free '' by definition , because we created them . 
  we expect corporations to pursue profits , but not at the cost of society as a whole ( in terms of public health , the environment , etc. ) . 
  if you think completely unregulated markets solve those problems i just mentioned , then you 're living in a different reality . 
  deregulation if anything is what caused financial crises in the past , why do n't you ask alan greenspan if the ` invisible hand ' works . 
  given that i have n't told you what my notion of `` free market '' is or the extent to which i think markets should be regulated , i find it odd that you are criticising this staw-man . 
   i believe parliament needs to evolve organically and better represent the views of the public . 
  that is best achieved via some kind of pr . 
  if there is a 5 % rise in support for a party they should see a 5 % rise in the number of seats at election . 
  i 'm sympathetic to pr , but not convinced that is necessarily leads to better outcomes . 
  as mentioned , i expect electoral reform could well be an issue in the next parliament . 
   well the suppression of the anti-eu voice is more relevant than whether somebody supports ukip or not . 
  consensus has basically been used to deny anyone who wants out a voice in recent years . 
  i 'm pro-eu but i dislike the way this works . 
  this consensus has started to breakdown . 
  if the eu membership refendum happens in 2017 , it is likely that we wo n't see a consensus in westminster or in the media or in business . 
  one of the reasons for this breakdown is the rise in the ukip vote - i.e. 
  the democratic process . 
   you can not believe in liberty and such unbounded state spying simultaneously . 
  almost nobody believes in liberty and particularly not the lib dems . 
   it is specifically consensus to deny the public a choice that should be at the very least treated as vile . 
  i do n't think we can sensibly ban the activity but it should at least be decried for what it is . 
  generally i am strongly against political consensus and believe that in a functioning democracy her majesty 's loyal opposition should oppose almost all government legisalation . 
  in this case , presumably you are most angry with the labour party for not opposing the government ? 
   also realize that there 's more to the democratic process than just voting . 
  you can lobby your politicians and participate in public discourse . 
  make it a topic in the media , not by destructive means , but in a constructive manner . 
  take a stand , but try to be reasonable and take your opponents ' view into account . 
  they probably have good reasons to come to different conclusions than you , their priorities might just be different . 
  i agree with you 100 % on this . 
  voting is simply the most obvious participation in the wider democratic process . 
  all the other things you mention are ultimately connected to voting !, 
   however with the system as it is we have a mechanism by which parties regularly draw up the democratic bridge and demand that you replace the whole lot of them before the public 's will is listened to . 
  this is largely true of everywhere in the whole world with the notable exception of switzerland . 
  are you arguing for more refefenda/recall mechanisms etc ? 
  ( i am in favour of that kind of stuff . ), 
   you are a ukip supporter are you not ? 
  you should be aware of this mechanism as well as anyone else . 
  i 'm not really a ukip supporter per se - i am more someone that wants the uk to leave the eu and have recently been voting ukip to make that outcome more likely . 
   every single major party is backing this . 
  consensus should be considered treason . 
  there are many issues on which there is a consensus among the main westminster parties . 
  why should this issue be different ? 
  also , there is no requirement to vote for a major party . 
  i probably wo n't . 
   the democratic process wo n't work while fptp keeps the major players in power . 
  the only time in history there have been changes on the order needed is when the working class were given the vote . 
  the next election might well lead to electoral reform being right back on the agenda , if , as seems reasonably possible , ukip get more votes than the lib dems but zero seats and the conservatives get more votes than labour , but fewer seats , leading to a lib/lab coalition . 
  however , given the referendum of a couple of years ago , i think that electoral reform is rightly off the agenda this parliament . 
   it is nothing to do with being in the minority view . 
  80 % of the public support nationalisation of the rail system and that is n't happening . 
  yes , and we will see what the labour party put in their manifesto about this . 
  they might end up committing to it . 
   i ca n't complain about the government because i 'm a minority view otherwise they would n't do it . 
  you can complain and more helpfully , you can vote . 
   they get in and throw their promises out because of reasons . 
  manifesto commitments are just that : commitments . 
  they are not binding . 
  however , based on past experience , they are in general extremely indicative . 
   and i complain and get told shh minority view , vote better rinse and repeat . 
  it might be currently a minority view . 
  however , if you believe you are right , there is nothing to stop you campaigning to change opinion . 
  ( this has happened many times in human history ... )  besides i do n't think the first past the post is an example of great democratic power to begin with . 
  well - this is something you can also campaign to change . 
  but remember , we did have a referendum on this recently . 
   we do n't even get a say at the moment . 
  there is a general election in less than 12 months . 
  is n't this a `` say '' ? 
   believe ? 
  i do n't think we have much power left . 
  we get to vote in national elections every five years . 
  this vote can result in changed governments and very different policies with very different outcomes . 
  this is an extremely powerful thing . 
   i mean cameron campaigned on not messing with the nhs , yet that no longer matters . 
  do n't vote for him then if that is something you care about !, 
   the lib dems are supposed to be the party that cares most about human rights and then they support this . 
  you do n't have to vote for them !, 
   because i 'm not willing to scratch the itches of bigots to win votes . 
  well scratch the itches of everyone else then ? 
  perhaps you think that a certain sector of the uk electorate are bigots : why not try and get the votes of everyone else ? 
   because there 's an enormous difference between what the government says and what the government does . 
  it limits the reach of the smaller parties that you mentioned earlier , which is precisely why i labelled them as largely useless . 
  governments change though and different governments have different policies in many areas . 
  also , non-governmental parties , just by taking votes from governmental parties have influence , just by forcing the governmental parties to change their positions . 
   i just dislike that labour and the conservatives spend more time undoing one another 's work and getting nothing done in a situation more akin to a game of tennis than a democracy . 
  but presumably you sometimes want things to get undone if they were not the right thing ? 
  and some things do n't get undone , they become part of the political consensus ( e.g. 
  privatisations , minimum wage , indpendent bank of england , devolution ... ) in my mind , this is exactly what democracy is for : different parties with different policy positions , sometimes undoing each others work and sometimes following it . 
   i do n't quite get why the liberal democrats are behind this , they 're normally much more up on civil liberties . 
  are they ?
