   the problem is the benefits of english language ca n't really be quantified , but i guarantee they are greater than any cost of increased immigration . 
  the uk can get the benefits of the english language being the global language of business without having an `` open door '' policy to eu migrants though . 
  ( australia , canada , new zeland and the usa all benefit from the english language and all of them have limits on immigration from the eu . ), 
  i 'm pretty pro-immigration myself . 
  i 'm just making the point that the uk can have the benefits of the english language being the global business language without any supposed costs of increased immigration . 
  no surprises here . 
  ukip got more votes than any other party in the eu elections . 
  the other political parties are simply moving towards where the uk public are . 
   there are no numbers in that article for londons growth within an unreformed eu , so how can you say `` doing much better than staying within an unreformed eu . '' ? 
  this is exactly why the article is misleading . 
  [ it relates to a report that has not yet been published which envisages certain different scenarios , including the uk staying in an unreformed eu ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11008167/boris-to-raise-questions-over-britains-eu-membership.html ) . 
  not to mention that scenario , but to mention other scenarios covered by the report , is misleading . 
  what was n't real about my post ? 
  what do you mean reality does n't agree with me ? 
  haha - in the last two years the uk has created more jobs than the rest of the eu put together ... 
  in their hundreds of thousands people are leaving continental europe to move to the uk for work . 
  they do n't seem to agree with you . 
  force majeure clauses can be drafted widely and should be drafted widely in the case of arms sales . 
  france should have retained the right to rescind for any event caused by russia which impacts french national security . 
  we 're speculating without having seen the contract , but i would be surprised if rescission did involve a breach of contract . 
  would not selling the mistral to russia be a breach of contract ? 
  i 've not seen this contract , but is would have thought it would contain a `` force majeure '' or similar clause allowing france to rescind the contract if acts of war occur and so forth . 
  if the lawyers did not insert this , they were professionally negligent ... 
  which costs will go up ? 
  rather than you being worried about the future of the uk outside the eu , when many nations in the world outside the eu seem to so great ( canada , australia , new zealand , singapore , japan , hong hong , south korea ) i think you might focus your worries on portugal , italy , greece and spain which are in the eurozone and not doing great . 
  which german businesses have factories in the uk ? 
  choice of jurisdiction for factories is related to many things , location of raw materials , location of customers , costs of employment , skills of workforce , legal and tax system of jurisdiction etc. 
  most of these factors wo n't change when we leave the eu . 
  since david cameron have his bloomberg speech , setting out his plans to renegotiate the uk 's membership and then have a referendum , what do you think has happened to foreign direct investment in the uk compared to the rest of the eu ?!, 
  just a couple of days ago we learnt that fiat will move its head office to the uk ... 
  london is the most proeu part of the uk . 
  ukip does much better out of london than in london . 
  outside of london a lot of people will be disappointed by this message from boris for being to proeu . 
  who is ann rand ? 
  who is john gault ? 
  we all are . 
  google it . 
  i 'm very disappointed switzerland is pulling this shit . 
  i thought they were better than that . 
  why do i keep seeing articles about robots on / r/europe and people being worried about it ? 
  it is 250 years since the industrial revolution started and machinery started to dramatically change the jobs people do . 
  prior to the industrial revolution , most of humanity lived in grinding poverty , doing jobs that machines do now . 
  we now have a vastly higher standard of living . 
  machinery and computers are going to continue to change , making current jobs redundant and creating new jobs instead . 
  let 's welcome progress . 
  i agree that france is generally sensible with regards to its language policy . 
  it does look somewhat ridiculous during the eurovision song contest when every single other country in europe speaks to europe in english but france speaks to europe in french . 
  but looking ridiculous is not a reason not to so something . 
  in britain we do n't need a language policy , the english language markets itself . 
  free movement of establishment is fundamental to the single market . 
  good luck with renegotiating that !, 
  making it impossible to move a business headquarters is really not going to go down well with the commission . 
  some of the french comics , especially asterix , are extremely popular in the uk and despite french being their original language , the english language translations are works of art in their own right . 
  as for language dominance , i do n't envy the french . 
  it is true the language dominance is important for the economy and also soft power , but it is interesting to note that only france takes a strategy of keeping its language relevant in europe - germany , italy , spain have given up , the rest have up a long time ago . 
  this makes the french task even harder . 
  it was interesting to note that the italian presidency of the eu , is the first not to translate their website into french . 
  how do you say `` game over '' in french ? 
  this is one of the reasons why i like the french , they do n't give up on things like this , they still want to be a great nation with grandes id\u00e9es . 
  there are a lot of fun and interesting nations in europe , but there are only two great nations : the english and the french , meilleurs ennemis :-), 
  belarus give russia 12 points every time , no matter what the song is . 
  some areas being neighbour counts for more !, 
   wait a minute , they took her prosthetic leg away , and then she kicked them with her good leg ? 
  how could she even do that ? 
  in my head i am imagining her doing the the '' [ crane kick ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljepghgeqpk ) '' , just like the karate kid did . 
   where will they be paying tax ? 
  what is the benefit of incorporating in the netherlands but having your headquarters in london and being listed on the nyse ? 
  they are listing on the nyse because most investors are in the us and a lot of the business/sales are in the us - nyse is also a global exchange with huge liquidity etc. 
  they will be paying corporation tax in the uk . 
  the uk has a low corporate taxation rate ( especially compared to usa and italy ) and very low taxation on dividends , and an extremely good network of double-taxation treaties around the whole world and a particularly good one with the netherlands . 
  london 's access to professional advisors and the ability to do business in london is also unparalleled . 
  i think incorporation in the netherlands is because the netherlands does not require dutch-incorporated companies to pay taxes on share transfers . 
  ( the uk does require this of uk incorporated companies . ), 
  haha !, 
  i kind of got that you were n't being serious ... 
  i used to live in italy and for various reasons i have followed fiat 's fortunes closely for a decade now . 
  it has not really been a happy decade for them , just as it has not really been a happy decade for italy . 
  this move may well end up being the best possible outcome for fiat . 
   so after brexit italy can refuse to let eu sign a fta with uk , just to force the headquarters back to italy to be inside eu ? 
  it 's a bit late for italy to do anything about it . 
  fiat is about to become a dutch company and the shareholders are in the usa . 
  the headquarters are never going back to italy . 
  protectionism really is not going to work . 
   this is the last thing we need . 
  what did you want to happen instead ? 
  what were the other options ? 
   tldr - they 're just moving the paperwork it actually is a significant merger and reorganisation and probably not the final step . 
   fiat chrysler automobiles nv will be incorporated under dutch law , based in the u.k. and listed on the new york stock exchange . 
  this is how they are going to stay profitable . 
  the operations in italy will be downscaled , wages will be cut . 
  edit : i see that [ repubblica are reporting that locating the headquarters in london ( and therefore paying taxes in the uk ) was a key condition for u.s. investors to participate in the new york share offering ... ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-07-31/fiat-says-ciao-to-italy-as-merger-with-chrysler-ends-era-cars.html ) welcome to globalisation i guess . 
   france cant really be taken serious with that kind of candidate . 
  political factors will count much more strongly than anything else . 
  politically , giving france a prestige economic role really matters . 
  i can understand why you are an `` angry '' spaniard , reading things like this . 
  it wo n't end well . 
   she slapped a young girl and then assaulted the cabin crew with her prosthetic leg . 
  they took it off her but she started kicking them with her good leg this is definitely the type of thing that an english woman would happily do too ... :-), 
   the netherlands is rooting for one of the economic portfolios as well . 
  having the eu finances given to the uk and the netherlands seems like a pretty good idea to me .
