  but what about other aid programmes - are we using our leverage enough here in relation to africa , south asia , south america ? 
  in the case of china or russia ( or dare i say it , trump ) it is difficult to know what leverage uk or germany really has in terms of trying to encourage liberal democracy . 
  agreed , but we do n't know how long pis will be around and if anything they seem to be getting more popular . 
  look at orban for example , how long do we wait and who replaces him ? 
  there is also a significant chance that governments with somewhat similar values emerge in other member states , recent election results have not exactly been a joy to behold : there is no certain path here in my view . 
  if you believe in things like liberal democracy , the rule of law , free and open markets etc you have to fight for them to make them happen , rather than wait for them . 
  fighting for them in your own country is already a hard thing , doing it in someone else 's country introduces a whole other level of difficulty . 
   i think the only `` solution '' here is waiting for more `` liberal '' governments in eastern europe . 
  unfortunately we can not know whether or not they will ever arrive . 
   the eu single market is the biggest market . 
  eu is a big market , but the costs and benefits of being in that market changed over time : the size of that market relative to the size of the rest of the world changed , the consequence of being outside the euro changed and so forth . 
  also , eu is not just a big market , it has significant federalising forces too . 
   people in the uk fell for the decades long eu-bashing by a slight margin most people in the uk simply do not feel european to any significant extent and have confidence in their own democratic institutions , and want their own parliaments and assemblies to have greater control over legislation and accountability . 
  these views derive from our particular history . 
  now you can either try to understand the uk 's history and the reasons for people in the uk not wanting to be in the eu , or , i guess you can just say that the voters were wrong . 
  one of the interesting things about the eu is that there is now not just a north/south economic divide , but an east/west socio-cultural divide . 
  schulz may be capable of bridging the north/south divide , but if he makes the east/west divide worse , the eu just replaces the old problems with new ones . 
  the next german chancellor has a difficult job !, 
   you can hardly say that about uk i agree . 
  there is a strong alignment of interests about russia between the uk and poland . 
  despite brexit , it is in the interests of both poland and uk to try and maintain a good relationship on this front . 
   external trade is one of those where we gave it all up to the eu . 
  only the eu negotiates for all of us in the wto . 
  i am not sure if you read my post . 
  as i tried to make clear , i agree with you that eu institutions have competence in terms of doing the trade negotiations themselves . 
  however , that does not mean that the views of member states are irrelevant in relation to trade negotiations , indeed , there is now significant precedent for the views of member states being incredibly important and having the legal right to sign or veto agreements . 
  ( see for example the recent [ cjeu material ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/today/blog/what-might-legal-case-on-eu-singapore-deal-mean-for-uk/ ) on the eu-singapore free trade agreement for a good recent example . ), 
  moreover , in relation to the exit negotiations with the uk , article 50 specifically gives the member states the right to vote on the terms of the exit , taking into account the framework for future relations . 
  you are literally bound by eu law to consider what the member states want here . 
   you make a side agreement with another member to take opposite direction to all the other members , you are going against the treaty you signed . 
  again , it is not clear to me if you actually read my post . 
  i do n't believe this is 2 against 25 . 
  there are many public statements which confirm that various member states have different interests . 
  i am happy to find examples if you want - we have had many statements from various eu governments indicating that they disagree with the perceived french position of punishing the uk . 
  and , also , even if it was the case that it was poland/hungary versus the rest , who is to say that their idea of cohesion and the union is wrong and yours is right ? 
  it is their eu just as much as it is yours . 
  different opinions are part of being in a democracy . 
   and people 's reaction to brexit proved people shared this concept for the most part . 
  different people reacted in different ways and in terms of what to do next there are a range of options from the more pragmatic to the more idealistic . 
  there is not just one option . 
   he 's the de-facto leader , and he 's a little nuts . 
  merkel has to keep him close , even if it looks bad , we do n't have time for details . 
  this is the exact same situation with the may / trump relationship right now ( other than trump being the de jure leader ) . 
  interesting times all round i guess !, 
   i wonder what the irish and scots think about that bigot perception . 
   what bigot perception ? 
  i have not written anything about `` bigotry '' . 
  i have simply said we should respect and understand people 's historical experiences and related views . 
  of course , we should be very mindful of doing that too in relation to scottish people and irish people . 
  there are no free passes here . 
   also , if you consider a nation state to be the natural state of a people and not a political construction of the 19/20th century why on god 's earth did the uk ever bothered to enter the union in the first place ? 
  i do n't think there really is a natural state of being for a people and that was not my argument at all . 
  there are political choices to make , costs and benefits , preferences , experiences and the like . 
  uk entered the eu because of the particular historical circumstances in the uk in the 1970s ( economic failings , decreased confidence in uk institutions , widespread belief that the union would be a big market ) etc. 
  the circumstances changed by 2016 and people therefore made a different choice . 
   because if it makes an overt alliance/treaty with another member state to work against the other 25 member states it is n't clear to me that this is a case of 2 against 25 . 
  the reality is that there are a range of different member states impacted by brexit in different ways which have different interests and the way that different member states seek to promote their own interests by making alliances is very much in a state of flux right now . 
   in particular during trade negotiations , for which the eu as a whole has sole responsibility the eu has sole responsibility for the negotiation , but it does not have sole responsibility for ratifying the eventual agreement . 
  the member states have responsibility here too . 
  obviously , therefore , during the negotiation process the views of the member states have to be considered carefully . 
   who are organising to harm the union different people have different ideas about what will harm the eu . 
  there is no objective truth here , but simply a range of views which need to be discussed and agreed ( ideally in a democratic way ) . 
  who is to say that your views are right and that the position of pis is wrong here ? 
   with this initiative they obviously show not to be interested in `` cohesion '' with the rest of the union , right ? 
  they just have a different vision of cohesion from you . 
  a note , though , on tactics . 
  you are an eu federalist and presumably want to try and maintain the cohesion of the eu without losing any more member states . 
  if you say to the pis that they have to accept your vision of the brexit negotiations or structural funds will be removed , then i suspect that the result will not be `` hey , that is fine , we will agree with you '' , but instead the disagreement you have with them will intensify with all kinds of negative consequences for the eu . 
  your union , your choice . 
   it almost seems like a soviet-induced trauma they never managed to overcome . 
  we are all products of our history and culture . 
  just as the history of france and germany ( for example ) may have encouraged the french and germans to be in favour of pooled sovereignty , the history of poland and the uk ( for example ) may have encouraged poles and brits to be in favour of protecting the nation state . 
  whatever our own particular views on the question , i think it is important to understand that other peoples may have different views and that those different views derive from real historical experiences which have profoundly shaped political culture . 
  just as we respect people 's histories , so we should respect the opinions that derive from them and the consequent political choices ( made within a democratic context ) . 
  many thanks for this moderation . 
  i am glad that moderators are enforcing the `` no personal attack '' rule . 
   well , time to review those structural funds then i presume ... why would the polish government 's position on brexit negotiations be linked to structural funds ? 
  these are two unrelated issues . 
   poland will expect britain to handle the polish minority in the uk with silk gloves . 
  this is already what the uk government wants to do . 
  there is n't a conflict of interests between the uk and poland , there is an alignment of interests . 
  farmers are n't a huge part of fly-over country in the uk . 
  they are a much smaller part of the electorate in the uk compared to most of the eu . 
  there already is a precedent of uk government ignoring interests of landowners - see repeal of corn laws by robert peel in nineteenth century . 
  that was a defining moment in conservative party history . 
  the uk also for years has thought differently about cap compared to eu - see rebate and repeated failed attempts by uk to get it reformed . 
  lots of people ended up as eusceptics exactly because of things like the cap ... 
  there is a alignment between supporting free markets and laissez-faire capitalism and supporting brexit :-), 
  green party also campaigned for a referendum . 
  i did read the article . 
  it does not surprise me that it is a very fringe movement indeed in the netherlands ... 
  i wrote `` those '' because the article made it seem like there would be more than one , rather than because i thought it would be many ... 
  who wants to manufacture anti-scottish feeling in the the rest of the uk ? 
  not the media . 
  not any of the political parties . 
  not the city or any part of the establishment . 
  i think you are being a little bit unrealistic . 
  the is n't any part of the media in the uk ( outside scotland ) in favour of scoland leaving the uk ... 
   this entire post is about how the euro is not as much of a shit show as many people think the euro works well in some countries but not others . 
  that is its real tragedy .
