  the fact that scotland elected a ukip mep makes it more likely that scotland will stay in the uk . 
  the eu budget does not just cover good security . 
  so i 'm not sure how the question is relevant . 
  but the reason why austria et al opposed the rebate whereas france gave in was because of the relative size of agricultural sectors . 
  anyway , are you seriously arguing that france , with an economy the same size as the uk , should have net contributions that are much lower than the uk ? 
  the bickering has been going on for decades . 
  it has not suddenly been introduced . 
  did you follow the discussions around the last eu budget negotiations ? 
  there was a huge amount of bickering then too . 
  however , the uk has a veto on this which it is prepared to use . 
  there are also several counties sympathetic to the uk position . 
  also , the uk is already paying the same amount as france , according to its income . 
  10 percent of scottish voters also voted ukip . 
  while this figure is smaller than england and wales , i expect it will continue to increase . 
  both the uk and france are net contributors to the eu budget . 
  their net contributions are roughly equivalent . 
  even if schulz had won , the uk would have opposed him . 
  the labour party did not support schulz and even told schulz not to come to the uk to campaign . 
  i agree . 
  it is n't really fair . 
  it is hugely controversial . 
  yes , the uk does well out of this part of the budget . 
  it would be better if more of the budget were spent on science and research and less on farms . 
  it is negotiated . 
  yes , my opinion is a minority one . 
  the reason why i hold it is because the eu elections had such low turnout and most people voted on the basis of national issues . 
  the council therefore has a greater democratic legitimacy . 
  also , the treaty specifically gives the council a role . 
  to deny that role would be to deny the democratic processes which ratified the treaty . 
  the uk does pay the same according to its income . 
  the current arrangement , the rebate , ensures that . 
  without the rebate the uk would be paying much more . 
  yes , i expect the situation in belgium developed over a long time . 
  in the eu , this is the first time this system is being used , so i am not sure why people think that already the council 's role is purely procedural and not substantive . 
  the uk ratified the treaty on the basis of what it said . 
  not what some people want it to say . 
  i do n't think it would make the eu better . 
  if germany wants to pay for french agriculture it can . 
  but there is no reason why the uk should . 
  do you think the uk and france should be paying similar net contributions ( as is currently the case ) or do you think that the uk should be paying significantly more . 
  the uk has consistently tried coming up with proposals to reform the cap . 
  they get nowhere . 
  if you have a problem with the uk rebate , ask parliament to cut it . 
  yes , this is a good idea . 
  i 'm somewhat unusual as a ukip voter who is pro-immigration . 
  do you know something surprising ? 
  at my local ukip branch , we have several non-uk nationals who attend , including ukrainians , poles and italians . 
  no romanians yet unfortunately , 
  until january 2014 , any eu citizen could move to the uk and get benefits immediately without working . 
  now eu citizens have to wait three months before entitlement to benefits . 
  however , they do n't need to have worked in the uk before being entitled to benefits , because that would be discriminatory and contrary to eu law . 
  ( the uk gives benefits to uk citizens who have not worked . ), 
  many thanks for your support ( again ) !!!, 
  the risk with putting politics before economics is that eventually economic realities may change politics dramatically . 
  we are starting to see this in europe . 
  i see the chances of an extremist government in greece or france as a possibility now . 
  edit - bit it sounds like we mostly agree on this discussion . 
  the uk also wants to end the rebate at the same time the cap is drastically reformed so that it is not so unfair to the uk . 
  it is france that says no to cap reform , not the uk . 
  the netherlands and austria receive a rebate on the rebate , and france pays that . 
  this was because the netherlands and austria also have smaller agricultural sectors than france . 
   if we want to live and prosper together one country will have to pay for some things that another country does not have in return it will get something else . 
  yes , that 's what happens at the moment . 
  the uk pays contribution to french agriculture . 
  and in return it gets something else . 
  that something else is called the rebate . 
  but i think when it comes to governance , the popularity of the ideas is crucial and ca n't be ignored . 
  i do n't have any sources for english attitudes to the union ( there have been few surveys done and i am on a phone ... ) however , multiple articles have been written about it . 
  i have my own ( anecdotal ) experience . 
  does the speed of eu integration not worry you ? 
  do you think that putting in place the euro before some kind of fiscal union made sense ? 
  a gigantic proportion of the eu budget goes on agriculture and france has a much bigger agricultural sector than the uk . 
  there is no way the uk could ever get as much of the budget as france because of this reason . 
  france is twice the size of the uk . 
  seriously , man , you really believe that the uk should be subsidising french agriculture ? 
  france is the fifth largest economy in the world . 
  they do n't need the uk to subsidise its agriculture . 
  it is right that the uk and france have roughly equal net contributions . 
  anything else would be grossly unfair . 
  but france receives much more from the budget . 
  that 's why britain gets a rebate on what it pays , because it receives less . 
  you need to look at the net figures . 
  france and the uk are roughly equal . 
  do you think the uk 's net payments should be much higher than france 's ? 
  scotland wanted the union more than england and has for most of history . 
  even now it seems that the united kingdom is more popular with scotland than england . 
  also , the uk moved slower than the eu . 
  the uk had 100 years of a shared monarch before political union . 
  the eu is moving at much too fast a pace . 
  still , ultimately i think the uk will be forced out of the eu . 
  being out of the euro when the eurozone integrates further will eventually force the uk out . 
  the uk 's net contribution is roughly the same as france , a country with a similar-sized economy to the uk 's . 
  do you think the uk 's net contribution should be much larger than france 's ? 
  without the rebate it would be . 
  it did n't work out for ireland . 
  and being in the erm did not work out for the uk . 
  i think `` brits prefer tea to coffee '' is acceptable rhetoric , even if there is a minority of brits who prefer coffee . 
  i think there is an implicit generalisation that is understood by a majority of english language users . 
  the labour party did not endorse schulz . 
  so the three main candidates only got one of our meps on side .
