  if you do n't like the government , it is easy to change it . 
   your voice might not be louder in the eu , you might be constrained by other voters , but your influence on the process is far greater inside than on the outside . 
  and on topics were we are all ( well mostly at least ) in agreement anyway , you are even more likely to succeed with eu support . 
  i mean , an independent uk will be free to legislate all kinds of global issues , but without support it will fail . 
  you will always need somebody to support you . 
  i do n't mind that the uk will not be able to legislate on eu matters . 
  for example , the uk currently has no ability to control the way that the eurozone solves the eurozone crisis and yet , i do n't mind . 
  if the uk were in the eurozone , we would have gain influence but lose an independent monetary policy . 
  of these two things , i much prefer an independent monetary policy . 
   in an age of globalization and multinational trade routes and industry , national sovereignty is an illusion . 
  i am extremely global and think that globalisation has been broadly great for humanity . 
  as a true globalist i think that the uk should embrace the entire globe , rather than tie itself to one corner of it . 
   i have met texans that would bitterly disagree with you on that  they also did have their on independent republic for a decade . 
  but in any case that point is that a federal state at the scale of a continent does not need to be a negative for the constituents . 
  i think there are massive differences between us history and european history . 
  i do n't think you can really compare the 10 years of the texan republic with british history ...  this presumes some particular federal system , although i do n't quite understand what you mean by a `` democratic perspective '' here . 
  the uk 's democracy is an unusual one . 
  parliament is sovereign and there is no written constitution and changes happen by convention , on an evolutionary basis . 
  the uk 's history is also unusual in european terms , almost every other european country has experienced revolution , civil war or invasion over the last 300 years , while the uk has n't . 
  this means that the uk has a greater trust of national institutions than many europeans do . 
  also , for a democracy to function effectively , you need not just formal institutions , but the sense of common identity and also informal institutions ( like a shared free press ) to hold power to account . 
  i do n't see this in europe . 
   certainly the uk has many things to give to a federal europe , the first of which would be the common language ( i believe every eu citizen should learn english from the first grade and it should be an official language in every member state ) . 
  this is something that the uk will give to the eu whether or not the uk stays in the eu . 
  look at the european central bank for example . 
  the only working language is english and yet the uk is not in the euro . 
   i consider the uk and the us democratic , so i do n't see why federal europe could not also be perfectly democratic . 
  see my other point about democracy requiring more than formal institutions to work effectively . 
  also , even if the eu can achieve perfect democracy , this is still not of itself a reason for the uk to abandon its existing democracy , which has ( mostly ! ), 
  worked well for several hundred years . 
   if britons are not all-in on the eu for whatever reasons they might have , i 'd like them to leave rather than having them in the eu stopping any process of further integration . 
  i think you 're right . 
  it is clear that the uk are determined not to join the single currency or schengen , two of the eu 's flagship policies . 
  it is also clear that the uk is likely to obstruct any further transfer of sovereignty . 
  it therefore makes sense for the uk and the reu to change their relationship . 
  it is much preferable to have a good neigbour than a bad tenant . 
   if the uk leaves would it still be able to negotiate having access to the eu market ? 
  to me as an outsider giving the uk a a deal like norway or switzerland seems like best option for everyone . 
  given that canada has managed to negotiate having access to the eu market , i would think that the uk could too . 
  in fact , i think this kind of arrangement would probably suit the uk well . 
   the uk undermines the scottish democracy , but for the majority of scotts the benefits outweigh the negatives ( an interesting question is whether the scotts would prefer the uk or a federal europe , if that choice came up in the future ) . 
  i agree that there are parallel questions about scottish democracy . 
  if scots want independence from the uk i will understand that choice and be supportive and assume that the ruk and iscotland can create a new relationship like the uk and ireland did . 
  i think it is good that scotland recently had a referendum on this question and note that they voted to stay with the uk . 
   similarly the existence of the us undermines the democracy of californians and texans , but the majority feel the positives far outweigh the negatives . 
  i do n't think the parallels really work so well with californians and texans . 
  it is not really the case that californians and texans currently idenfify as different people or have ever done so . 
  ( scotland was a separate country from england for many years and has an extensive separate history and so forth and the situation with california and texas is really very different from that . ), 
   federal europe would of course undermine the democracy of its constituents , but that does n't mean the positives would n't greatly outweigh the negatives , if it was well designed . 
  i disagree on this , at least in relation to the uk . 
  partly because of the uk 's particular history , geopolitical position , constitution and legal system , the uk would not fit well into a federal europe from a democratic perspective . 
   personally i would prefer to live in a federal europe that could serve as a balancing force to the us and china in the global economy and politics . 
  i do n't prefer reuropeans to usanians or chinese . 
  i like you all equally , though i prefer the governmental systems of reurope and the usa compared to china as china is not really democratic . 
  however , i do not think that the uk needs to choose europe over other countries . 
  i think that the uk can balance itself as a friendly ally of all peaceful , liberal , free democracies in the world . 
   however , in the long term i still think the uk 's influence will diminish , especially if the continent moves towards a federal state without the uk . 
  the uk currently looks like it will stay a mid-sized power . 
  its economy is currently the fifth largest in the world , its population is growing , it has a large military and a gigantic soft power , historic connections around the whole globe , nuclear weapons and a permanent seat on the unsc . 
  so i think that the uk will stay with some influence for a while yet . 
  however , even if the uk 's influence did dimnish , and the uk became a country that was more like switzerland or canada , i would still consider that preferable to being part of the eu , as ultimately the question of democracy is more important than any questions of influence . 
   i mean the organ who decide the law is the council who is made of the leader of all countries . 
  this is n't quite true . 
  the process for enacting legislation and regulation in the eu is complex , but almost all of it involves the european commission and the european parliament . 
   if they wanted a federated eu a la usa they would have made a strong president independent of national politics . 
  nobody thinks that the eu has reached its final resting place . 
  indeed , the fundamental principle of the eu is `` ever closer union '' . 
  the eu is going to have to change at some stage given that the tension between having a single currency and monetary policy , but separate fiscal policies , economic policies and no fiscal union and no strong central democratic institutions will become unbearable . 
  there are also many politicians and political groupings in the eu that are explicitly in favour of much greater integration and federation . 
  the eu is a project aimed at creating a federal europe . 
  this will end up undermining uk democracy . 
  i love continentals and will vote to leave the eu . 
  [ i think we all know how germany will respond if france wants to be part of the mark . 
  any italian or other knowledgeable person want to comment on this ? 
  does this have any connection to the pegida type of demonstrations seen in germany ? 
  i had thought that the lega only had appeal north of the po delta , but does it now have appeal further south too ? 
  at least the english vowels look like vowels !, 
  you know that `` ou '' will have a vowel sound even if you do n't know which . 
  but the welsh make `` w '' a vowel sound !, 
  this is why the uk must keep its military funded correctly and be clear with the baltics that it really supports them . 
  i think the uk is right to have sent `` military advisors '' to ukraine . 
  i think you are being a bit unrealistic . 
  look at the differences that still remain between east and west germany !, 
  or north and south italy !, 
  if they can not be solved easily , even among relatively coherent cultures and languages , the challenge faced by europe as a whole is much harder . 
  nobody benefits . 
  everyone would benefit if russia became a liberal democracy and aligned itself with the west . 
  that is what democratic europe and the usa want . 
   please do n't pigeon hole me when you ca n't attest to my political beliefs i 'm not pigeon-holing you . 
  you plan to give your first preference vote to sinn fein . 
  you are pigeon holing yourself . 
   no we do n't have any nukes on our island thankfully nor do we have a military doctrine or alliance . 
  you have the benefit of the british nukes , without paying for them . 
  you have the benefit of nato . 
  if there ever were a war with russia , obviously many irish people would fight in the british army and they would be very welcome . 
  let 's hope it does not happen . 
  i find it crazy that lefty types in britain and ireland , who far away on safe islands with nuclear weapons , have no fear of russia or experience of sovietism , are able to say to people in the baltics that the baltics are not at risk from putin ? 
  it is much better for lithuania if they are able to have a gas deal with a friendly ally who is a liberal democracy than a crazed one party expansionist state like russia . 
  lefties in the uk and ireland need to start being honest about who putin is and what he could do to the baltics . 
  wow - your language needs some more vowels and fewer consonants ... ;-) edit - good job against the french in the rugby yesterday .
