  i mean , you 're going to what security for those people processing , adequate facilities and accommodation , the compliance and help of local governments , etc. 
  would surely be cheaper to just fly back those that are n't refugees , or perhaps even require certain passports to put up a ` bond ' to pay for their flight back if they request asylum and do n't get it . 
  i 'm open to whichever method is most efficient , cost-effective and humane . 
   it is a conservative vision , almost by definition of what conservative means . 
  i was commenting on the use of the term `` far right '' , which obviously has a different meaning from `` conservative '' . 
   if that 's the case , the eu should remove the policy of penalizing airlines that bring asylum seekers to the uk . 
  at the moment , if an airline brings someone that requests asylum in the uk and that asylum seekers application is denied , the person has to be deported at the cost of the airline via directive 2001/51/ec . 
  it would likely be cheaper in the long run , than providing benefits and support to those that come and are deemed not to be refugees . 
  at least this way , you would also have their documentation so there 'd be no issues with asylum seekers burning their documents before arriving . 
  it would make sense ( in my own mind ) for the uk do do asylum processing within the refugee camps and those that were granted asylum to be brought to the uk by airline ( and for those there would obviously be no question of subsequent deporting ) . 
   you realize that they passes dozen of coutries ? 
  totally safe countries . 
  so mb you with you fellow brits should made ferry conection with turkey and lybia to get all those `` refugges '' and spare all problems hungarians , greeks or italians . 
  and expel all those hard working eastern europeans who blended into society very well . 
  i agree with you that the uk should take refugees from camps in turkey , and not any who have made a perilous journey across europe . 
  we should not encourage people making perilous journeys , because it results in profits for people smugglers and deaths in awful circumstances . 
  the uk should take nobody in calais for example . 
  i 'm not in favour of expelling anyone who came to the uk legally and continues to live within the law . 
  however , i am in favour of the uk changing its immigratioon policy going forwards ( which it can do once it leaves the eu ) . 
   yes , but a little huge difference . 
  they are `` refugees '' , not migrants ... which means that beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  in my mind a refugee ( fleeing war ) has a greater claim than someone simply fleeing eastern europe . 
   you do realize that migrants from eu pay in taxes more then is spent on them ? 
  [ source ] i am aware of this , but it does n't change my view , because immigration is not merely a fiscal question , but has various other impacts too . 
   like ? 
  what infrastructure is provided specificaly for economic migrants ? 
  infrastructure is required for any population increase , whether domestic , ecnomomic migrants or refugees . 
  in any of these cases , things like transport , education , housing , hospitals all need to take into account the increased population size . 
   i doubt very much the majority of europeans share whatever far-right vision he is referring to here . 
  whatever we think of his vision ( and certainly it is not my vision ) it does not make sense to call it far-right . 
   is this comparable ? 
  uk did not gave free housing for ee migrants like it has to for refuges . 
  it is partially comparable , much state infrastructure is required whether someone is an economic migrant from ee or a refugee from syria . 
   to be honest , i found it sad that at least 25 % of eastern europe ( and central europe ) wants to live in western and northern europe . 
  i get that people want a nice cozy life , but it makes me sad that we do n't really care about our homelands enough to stay there , and rather abandon them as sinking ships . 
  yes , i agree , there is something somewhat sad about this . 
  from the perspective of the uk , i think if we had not received massive amounts of migration from eu countries in the last decade , we would be far more willing to accept refugees now . 
  from my own perspective i would certainly want the uk to prioritise genuine refugees over nationals from other eu countries . 
  ( hopefully the uk will do that once we leave the eu . ), 
   we have to stop them from making these perilous journeys in the first place . 
  when people make perilous journeys , some of them make it safely , though many die in the most tragic ways . 
  we should do everything possible not to incentivise people making perious journeys . 
   i really hope that there will be consequences for the czech republic . 
  what do you think germany should do to the czech republic ? 
   just curious : why do you think the calais situation is so important to british people ? 
  i fail to see its relevance as we 're only talking about a few thousand people . 
  history . 
  the uk 's sense of itself as being an island people on the edge of an uncertain continent is central to british identity . 
  [ central to any understanding of britain is to understand what we think about calais and what we think about the white cliffs of dover . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_cliffs_of_dover ) these things have huge symbolism for us . 
   the uk regional clubs that is , not the national club . 
  uk does n't have a national club !, 
  wales , northern ireland , england and scotland are separate nations !, 
   another thing i learned is not to look at sub-saharan africa as one big blob of almost identical countries ( socio-economically that is ) and the cultural diversity ( even within a country like ethiopia ) is also phenomenal . 
   am referring to trade barriers , like high import tariffs and double taxation for example . 
  after the uk would leave the eu , many eu directives that are beneficial to the uk would become void . 
  things like tariffs and trade barriers are generally dealt with at wto level . 
  also , countries like germany and the netherlands export a huge amount to the uk ? 
  would it really be in your interests for there to be trade barriers ? 
   a few examples . 
  one , and two . 
  though there is more to find out there . 
  there is a clear difference between what general attitude towards the eu in england , compared to scotland . 
  if ` britain ' ( mostly england in terms of population ) would vote to leave the eu , scotland may take matters in into its own hands . 
  just to clarify , your examples are polling on whether scotland wants the uk to stay in the eu . 
  this is separate from the question of whether scotland wants to leave the uk and join the eu as a separate country if the rest of the uk were not in the eu . 
  however , as already mentioned , i do n't think this is a problem . 
  i welcome self-determination of peoples . 
  i trust scottish people to be able to make a decision that is best for them . 
   this unconditional surrender is really different to the response in the uk , but i understand the difference in opinion . 
  in the event of britain leaving the eu , the netherlands would inevitably ask itself many many profound questions . 
  dutch history has been closely linked to british history , like us you tend to be pragmatic , liberal , free trading people . 
  it would be a bit annoying for the dutch to lose one of your key allies in the eu from this perspective . 
  the netherlands has enjoyed trying to trianguate between uk , france and germany within the eu . 
  if you remove the uk from this equation , your postition will be somewhat different . 
  also , we know you secretly like us more than you like the french and the germans and find us more fun !, 
   thats because there is no actual discussion on the migration topic right now . 
  where have you been ? 
  the uk does n't need a big ass wall - we have this thing called the beautiful sea . 
  over the last 1,000 years it sure has come in useful from time to time . 
   great that you brought that up , i just happen to have just come back from a trip to sub-saharan africa . 
  many thanks . 
  i have been to kenya and ethiopia many times and my experience is similar to yours . 
  the uk just has very good marketing down there . 
  they just love arsenal and manchester united !, 
   but the damage inflicted on the uk will be far greater than so far predicted . 
  not really . 
  what kind of damage ? 
  are you going to bomb us or just refuse to export stuff to us ? 
   also , you have real trouble with scotland if that were to pass , as scotland does not want to part from the eu . 
  which makes this entire drama even more complex . 
  i do n't think that scots have ever been polled on whether they would prefer to be in the eu and not in the uk if the uk were to leave the eu . 
  remember , scotland just elected a year ago a ukip mep . 
  however , even if scotland did want this , again , i am not seeing a problem . 
  self-determination of a people is a good and welcome thing , not something to be seen as a problem . 
   well , as usual , i respect your opinion on the matter despite our extremely different opinions about the eu . 
  many thanks and likewise !, 
   do you see it as a intergovernmental organisation , or a supranational organisation ? 
  legally and academically it is composed of structures that have some intergovernmental elements and also some suprational elements . 
  thus , when we speak about the eu , i do n't think it makes sense to only refer to those supranational bodies but also the intergovernmental ones .
