   surprising , considering that most of the polling agencies in the uk are pretty good . 
  the polling agencies are n't bad , but this general election is a weird one , without precedents . 
  thus it is hard for them to know if their models are good ones . 
  their models are based on numerous untested assumptions . 
  what we do know is that in the last few bi-elections and local elections in the uk , the polling companies have over-stated the labour share of the vote . 
  personally i think they are doing the same this time round , which is why i am looking at the betting markets as well as the polls ... 
   you need to take into account those on minimum age and those on zero hour contracts . 
  the figures are n't as good as people think . 
  even taking these into account there has still been a jobs miracle . 
  the large majority of the new jobs are full-time permanent positions . 
  if the figures were bad there would n't be so many people moving to the uk to work . 
   ... and most polls have them averaging a high 270 to a low 280 . 
  the betting markets have proved historically better at predicting elections in the uk than polls . 
   given the fact that cameron did n't attend the last round of debates , i doubt that . 
  i do n't think that matters . 
  cameron did this deliberately , with advice . 
  we will see though !, 
   i 'm saying that the snp 's tune has quite clearly changed recently despite their original intention . 
  no , it has not changed . 
  sturgeon repeated this morning that she is not talkling about a coalition . 
   labour will continue to insist that they will not enter a coalition but when push comes to shove , they 're going enter a coalition . 
  the alternative is either another ge or conservative government , both of which labour do not want . 
  no , this is not the case . 
  there are other potential alternatives that are potentially possible , a minority labour administration with confidence and supply from other parties . 
   that 's not very probably imho . 
  most polls have both labour and con at 270 and 280 . 
  the betting markets have the tories on 286 currently . 
  i expect that figure to go up . 
  i think r/europe should have a referendum on this , if there is a way of doing it fairly . 
  i 'm not sure how i would vote and i could be persuaded either way . 
  however , in principle it makes sense for the users of r/europe to decide how they are moderated and by whom . 
   during the debates last night , sturgeon was practically begging miliband to agree that a coalition is on the cards . 
  he refused to consider it as she would n't explicitly rule out another independence referendum . 
  no , she was n't doing this . 
  she said that she would help him into downing steet . 
  this is not the same as a coalition . 
  why do n't people understand this ?!, 
  she has specifically ruled out a coalition . 
   additionally , i believe farage is somewhat open to a ukip-tory coalition if the tories will enact some of their policies ( i.e. 
  increased military spending and reduced foreign aid ) which are not particularly far-fetched for them anyway . 
  farage has specifically ruled out a coaltion with the tories . 
   farage did say he was willing to work with david cameron . 
  yes , this is different from a coalition . 
  however , ukip are unlikely to have the balance of power . 
   it 's a possibility but like i said , they 're not going to hold the balance of power . 
  they may well have around 25 seats , which may well be the balance of power . 
  the tories may well get around 290-300 seats . 
  this would effectively make a con/lib government possible . 
   the snp have ruled out a formal coalition but they 're still willing to support miliband . 
  if you have been watching some of the recent televised debates , it 's pretty clear sturgeon will support a labour government . 
  at the same time , you have to keep in mind that labour ca n't openly acknowledge that they will have to enter a coalition before the general election given scottish labour 's current political standing . 
  when push comes to shove , they 're going to have to face the facts . 
  i have no idea what you are trying to argue here . 
  earlier you seemed to be arguing that there would be an snp/labour coalition , which i said is extremely unlikely given the clear statements of the snp/labour party that they wo n't do this . 
  from your most recent post i do n't know whether or not you are saying there will be an snp/labour coalition or not . 
   how ? 
  dannish central bank , nor any political party has anything in its program about breaking the peg . 
  when it comes to peg , the danish currency is now basically euro . 
  the point of the peg is not to have a programme to break the peg . 
  it is to have the ability to break the peg should the need arise . 
  currently , the need has not arisen . 
  this does not mean it wo n't arise in the future . 
   just danes got to keep the name and have no say in monetary policy . 
  from the perspective of denmark , the relevant consideration here is how different the ecb 's monetary policy would be if it were in the euro compared to how it is now . 
  you need to argue what the differences would be in order to make a case that denmark is better off in the euro . 
  i do n't think the ecb 's monetary policy would be different at all from what it currently is . 
  for one thing , the ecb 's monetary policy objectives are extremely tightly mandated by law . 
  for another thing , the danish economy is closely linked to the german economy and germany is an extremly influential voice in the ecb . 
   one way or another , dannish peg currently has no meaning . 
  if denmark wants to enter euro , it should enter euro and get a say in ecb . 
  if not , than they should end the peg . 
  keeping the peg and not adopting euro does not make slightest sense . 
  no , there are massive potential advantages to the peg . 
  they get a stable and certain exchange rate with an economy that they are cyclically linked to and that they are basically in an optimum currency area with . 
  but they also have the ( relatively painless ) option of removing the peg should circumstances change in the future . 
  this is the best of both worlds . 
   it 's unlikely . 
  the libdems probably are n't going to maintain the balance of power , thus leaving the snp who will under no circumstances support a conservative government . 
  not to mention the fact that the libdems wo n't enter a coalition that involves ukip . 
  ukip are n't planning on being part of a coalition with anyone . 
  libdems may enter another coalition with the tories . 
  if not , the tories may decide to have a minority government ( in my view the most likely scenario ) . 
   my money is on a labour-snp coalition ( with minor support from the greens , pc and the sdlp ) . 
  seems far more probable given the current polls . 
  no , this is extremely unlikely . 
  the labour party have ruled it out and the snp have ruled it out . 
   the unemployment rate is lower in germany and several other eu countries . 
  latest german unemployment rate is 4.9 , significantly lower than the uk 's . 
  latest austrian unemployment rate is 5.6 , the same as the uk 's . 
  all other eu countries have higher unemployment rates . 
  since 2011 , austrian unemployment rate has gone up ( from 4.8 ) , while the uk 's unemployment rate has gone down ( from 8.3 ) . 
  german unemployment has fallen from 5.6 over the same period . 
  many other eu countries have seen unemployment rise during this time . 
  the uk has also achieved high employment growth at a time of very high immigration . 
   denmark joining euro would change literally nothing . 
  a currency peg can be broken relatively easily and painlessly . 
  a currency ca n't be . 
  denmark joining the euro would therefore be a very significant change . 
   with slavery you could have better result . 
  keep going you are not far .
