  it is also not clear to me that the people who live on the islands of greece support this idea ( and i expect that they do n't ) . 
  also , is your plan that every single person who is found to be a refugee within greece gets given asylum by an eu member state ? 
  this worries me because your current plan has no way of controlling numbers ( and i do n't think eu member states want to give asylum to an unlimited number of refugees ) . 
  do we know that turkey wo n't take them back ? 
   this would certainly be a better solution , but has to be coordinated by the eu . 
  most western eu country will probably agree with this plan . 
  no , this does n't have to be coordinated by the eu . 
  the number of refugees that the netherlands gives asylum to in this way should be a matter for the dutch parliament , given that the costs and benefits of this policy will be felt by the dutch people . 
   nobody wants the migrant train travelling through europe . 
  at the very least , as was proposed several times , they should stay in greece , get processed there and then distributed across europe if they meet the asylum requirements . 
  they should n't be going to greece in the first place if they are already safe and do n't plan to be staying in greece . 
  it makes no sense for greece to be a transit place for refugees . 
   this could start almost immediately . 
  greece just has stop bringing them to the macedonian border . 
  let the eu build big camps on the aegean islands and process their claims there . 
  what is the point of building camps on the aegean ? 
  there are already big camps directly around syria . 
  the processing of claims should be done by states rather than by the eu . 
   i mean the monarchy is a rather outdated concept to begin with , limiting reasons for the common folk to dislike it is probably a safe play . 
  i do n't really agree with this . 
  i think the way that the north west european constitutional monarchies ( uk , denmark , sweden , the netherlands , norway , belgium ) have evolved over time and the current ways they interact with their governments , states and the way they act on the world stage is incredibly modern . 
   i 'm pretty sure it 's because of the entire diana divorce and that he cheated on her during their marriage with his current wife ( who has catholic children , and was previously married in a catholic ceremony ) . 
  i do n't think this is the reason . 
  divorces have been part of the monarchy for centuries ... 
  the catholic thing also is n't really relevant because charles is n't catholic and nor is camilla and nor are william , kate , harry etc. . . 
  i 'd say people think charles will be a bad king because he does n't really understand the need for political neutrality and interferes uncessarily in the business of government . 
  this is really regrettable because this is one thing that elizabeth has been excellent at . 
   but the dutch government said they 'd only agree to that if all eu countries take part in this ( but i 'm pretty sure they 'll still go ahead with it even if not all countries take part ) . 
  uk definitely not taking part . 
  there is no evidence of a westminster child abuse scandal other than allegations which are spurious . 
   actually , you have to be a citizen of an eu member state to be a civil servant for an eu institution . 
  how does that work in the uk ? 
  do you have to be citizen to be a civil servant or could , say , a pole go for a position in the uk ministry of finance ? 
  while you have to be an eu citizen to get a job at an eu institution , my understanding is that the job contracts are not terminated by member state leaving the eu . 
  that is the relevant question here . 
  in the uk anyone can work in any public position . 
  the head of the bank of england is not british . 
  nobody is saying that the uk should n't consider the merits of what france and germany say . 
  the uk should consider the merits of all its allies across the globe . 
  i grew up in this town !, 
  fame at last !, 
  you said `` working '' . 
  this source says nothing about working . 
  many of the brits in the eu are retired people . 
  also , note that this source is now five years out of date . 
  as for british people working for eu institutions , my understanding is that their jobs are not dependent on uk membership of the eu . 
  i 'm a brit that has worked overseas . 
  i know the score . 
  if you have good skills and you are in a decent job market you can get a job . 
  you said `` working '' . 
  this source says nothing about working . 
  many of the brits in the eu are retired people . 
  also , note that this source is now five years out of date . 
  as for british people working for eu institutions , my understanding is that their jobs are not dependent on uk membership of the eu . 
  i 'm a brit that has worked overseas . 
  i know the score . 
  if you have good skills and you are in a decent job market you can get a job . 
  finance is ultimately global rather than european . 
  some people with vested interests would of course lose out . 
  most would gain . 
  no , i think the finance industry will do even better . 
   i 'm not sure if the 2 million brits working in the eu would agree . 
  there are n't two million brits working in the eu . 
  the main destinations for brits to go and live overseas are australia , canada and usa ( i.e. 
  not in the eu ) . 
  you do n't need to be in a political union with a country to go and live or work there . 
   the european parliament is just as democratically elected . 
  and to solve this on a european level would make a lot of sense . 
  aactually , there is no reason why this should be a european question any more than it should be a national question or a global question . 
  to the extent that it is the british nation that gives asylum to people ( and thus the british taxpayer who is responsible for the costs and benefits ) it should be the british parliament that makes this decision . 
  if you want the people to decide this for your country to be brussels and strasbourg , fine . 
  however , as long as it is a nation that is granting asylum , i think it should be a national parliament that makes decisions about it . 
   over here the pvda for example is crumbling and is only a vague memory of what it used to be in the polls . 
  check out the uk 's labour party if you want to witness a real left wing collapse ... 
   this just confirms my belief that uk need to leave the eu . 
  i hope they vote themselves out . 
  let 's hope so . 
   hardly practical . 
  europe should agree to take a certain amount to reduce the numbers in the overcrowded camps . 
  maybe 500,000 a year would be easy to do for us , not even 0.1 % of the eu 's population . 
  each country in the world should be thinking about this . 
  in the case of the uk , it makes sense for parliament ( the democratically accountable body in the uk ) to make the decision over how many refugees the uk takes . 
  it does n't make sense for the uk to outsource this decision to someone else . 
   inter-government aid is used not to `` help '' but to buy influence . 
  but that 's another topic . 
  while there are some problems with overseas aid , i agree , [ it seems that this particular aid earmarked for the syrian crisis has been spent sensibly and if interested you can read about it here . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/factsheet-the-uks-humanitarian-aid-response-to-the-syria-crisis ), 
   well , if we all worked together for a change , we could register them in greece or even turkey and then ship them to whatever country we want them to . 
  they are already registered in the unhcr camps . 
  there is n't a problem with registration . 
  how many are you talking about shipping ? 
  everyone who is registered ? 
   and british media shows like this `` 20,000 in 5 years '' is not helpful at all to anybody but a few retarded nationalists . 
  it helps 20,000 in five years . 
  the uk overseas aid budget also helps many people . 
   but they have a lot to lose . 
  namely schengen and the eu could fall because of this . 
  in these circumstances , the uk does n't lose anything . 
  if scotland play their cards right there could be all four home nations in the finals . 
  when was the last time this happened in football ?
