  they were well translated into english and very comical . 
  also by astrid lindgren were the bullaby children , which were very good . 
   well , yes . 
  you imply , with no lack of sarcasm , that flying in refugees is a good idea . 
  of course it is a good idea . 
  this is what the uk is doing in relation to its refugees . 
  it is going to the refugee camps in the middle east , selecting those that are most vulnerable and flying them to the uk . 
  the idea that they should go via land inconveniencing multiple countries , taking very dangerous journeys , paying people smugglers , is crazy . 
   and the uk can happily trade with the whole globe already . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , it can enter into free trade agreements on its own account , like switzerland does . 
   per capita funding or total funding ? 
  total . 
  i think in terms of per capita funding , your country might be in the lead . 
  the uk and the usa did not cause the islamic state . 
  the islamic state is to blame for the islamic state . 
   greece 's economy is very unlike the dutch which makes their decision to share a currency without being in a fiscal union crazy . 
   britons can not magically move their island to the american east coast . 
  most brits currently living overseas are in canda , usa and australia . 
  this is not magic . 
   also , the eu still has the biggest market in the world . 
  not when the uk leaves it . 
  if the uk were purely interested in market sizes , it would make sense to form a single market with the usa rather than stay in the eu . 
  usa+uk is bigger than eu . 
  however , obviously the uk can , once it leaves the eu , trade happily with the whole globe . 
   by destabilising the middle east the middle east was not stable before the iraq war . 
   is it also worth noting that they are almost solely responsible ( well , along with the uk ) for the entire farce ? 
  not really . 
  we do n't know what the counterfactual would have been . 
  what is going on in syria with the islamic state and assad is not the uk and the usa 's fault . 
  the main fault lies with the islamic state and assad . 
  it is worth noting that the usa is providing more funding for refugee camps in the region than any other country . 
   in fact , that 's exactly what they signed up for . 
  i mean , literally , every single one of them signed treaties which contained that exact commitment in black and white right at the start . 
  it is true that the words were in the treaty from the start , though originally the words were in a preamble , rather than an operative provision and thus `` commitment '' is probably a bit strong . 
  separately , even governments signed the treaty , this does not mean that the peoples were happy about every part of it or even aware of the `` ever closer union '' provision . 
  yes , though the point remains it is outside the eu and very successful . 
  the uk could too . 
  actually , the irish situation would be the same irregardless of northern ireland , because of the interconnectedness of the uk and irish economy . 
  switzerland is an example of a european country that is successful outside the eu . 
  the uk could be too , in a different way from switzerland . 
  trade, 
   if the uk were to leave , the state that has the most to lose is the netherlands ireland ...  the benelux has learned long ago that in europe you 're all in the same boat . 
  it 's harder for the british to learn . 
  switzerland ... 
   that 's also why integration did n't work in the colonial powers . 
  many peoples from former colonies have integrated extremely well in the uk ( e.g. 
  indians ) . 
   so , uk is now pro quotas ? 
  uk government is not pro quotas . 
  i agree with the uk government position . 
  the number of asylum seekers that the uk accepts should , in my mind , be a question for the uk government . 
  also , the uk should only take asylum seekers from refugee camps in the middle east and should focus on the most vulnerable people there . 
  anything else incentivises dangerous journeys , inconveniences the transit countries , puts money in the hands of people smugglers . 
   . . and suddenly everything in those books is sad and wistful . 
  autumn 's coming on , i feel like curling up under the covers and rereading them by candlelight . 
  i feel like doing this too . 
  though maybe i need to read pippi longstocking too ( on a nordic children 's literature them ) in case the moomins freak me out too much and i need a dose of reality . 
  i never saw this on tv , but i read the books which were excellent and incredibly imaginative . 
  i got nightmares from them all the time . 
  very powerful and frightening imagery and characters ... 
   as i said , the negotiations with the uk govt could happen before a vote . 
  given that this did n't happen last time , i do n't think it will happen next time ...  and i 'm pretty sure the negotiations with the uk govt would have to start immediately , while the eu ones would have a slight delay , since the scottish govt would still need permission from the uk govt to go and negotiate anyway ... after the referendum has taken place , i do n't think that scotland and the eu would really refrain from negotiating . 
  and i do n't think that the ruk would be interested in stopping scotland and the eu from negotiating . 
  i expect that the eu would insist on ensuring that scotland 's currency arrangements were consistent with its euro commitments . 
   if a cu was negotiated before they got into proper eu negotiations , then they could n't argue that . 
  i do n't agree with this . 
  i think the day after the indpendence vote occurred , scotland would have to begin negotiations with both the ruk on process for indendence and also negotiations with the reu on accession . 
  the reality is that these negotiations would have to run in parallel . 
  otherwise , iscotland 's timetable for accession to the eu would inevitably slip . 
   you could argue , further complicating things , that if scotland was in a currency union with the rest of the uk and had no central bank , it would fail to meet the euro criteria and thus be ineligible to ever join . 
  indeed , if you follow that train of thought , if scotland wanted to join the euro , it would have to create a currency ( pegged to the pound or the euro ? ), 
  and a central bank to then get rid of them again . 
  i think a currency union with the ruk would be no go not only from the perspective of the ruk , but potentially also the reu . 
  i think they could coherently argue that if scotland is making new currency arrangements it should make those with its obligation to join the euro in mind , and this does not seem to be a currency union with the ruk . 
  also , i think the ruk would be worried about creating a new currency union with a country that has a legal obligation to change currency . 
  i think the more acceptable thing would be a new currency , linked pegged to the euro . 
   they 've got no formal opt out like the uk does , but if you do n't like that example , you can easily use poland or the czech republic or anyone that joined post-maastricht and is avoiding the euro with a barge pole . 
  i think the poland example is closer , i agree . 
  though it is slightly more complicated than that , because poland has a central bank and uses the zloty . 
  what currency would scotland use ? 
   a double-referendum is an interesting idea , but raises more questions . 
  what if the people vote yes to negotiations , but then refuse what was negotiated ; how many times can you go back to them before the first one `` runs out '' ? 
  agreed , it opens up another can of worms ... 
   the `` obligation '' to join the euro is meaningless though , as long as membership of erm ii is voluntary . 
  plenty of nations have this `` obligation '' and ignore it , and the eu 's pretty much said in each case that there 's nowt they can do ( see ollie rehn 's statements on sweden or whatever ) . 
  the sweden situation is a bit unusual because they joined the eu before the maastricht treaty and also they had a referendum on euro membership . 
  scotland would not be in those positions . 
  however , in terms of erm2 membership being voluntary you re correct . 
   and that 's why some academics suggested that for scottish independence there should be two referendum , one giving the government the mandate to negotiate , and one to approve the conditions negotiated . 
  this makes sense from my perspective . 
  it is always better to involve the people . 
  yes , i think that 's the most likely outcome in terms of timing . 
  there would be a big question over the terms of scottish membership of the eu in terms of derogations and obligations to join the euro and schengen and so forth . 
  the outcome of these negotiations can not be known before they take place . 
   the other issue is many people with a uk passport have moved elsewhere in the eu and can not vote . 
  they can vote if they moved away within the last 15 years . 
   we need the uk . 
  they can not leave the eu . 
  from my perspective the question i am asking is whether or not the uk needs the eu . 
  and the answer i am getting to this question is `` no '' .
