   pretty left . 
  get out of nato , nationalize banks and important industries , stop funding the military , raise the minimum wage , etc. 
  kinda like the current leadership of the labour party in the uk though . 
  corbyn believes in all these things too . 
   i think they should 've been invited , but i also see the argument , that this might completely derail the election debates , and it would just be everybody against the afd , and thus the others not being able to differentiate their positions . 
  nobody else shares e.g. 
  the nearly religious fundamentalist position on traditional values of the afd ( that 's one of their main topics in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ) , not even the conservative cdu . 
  if on a particular issue all the parties apart from one share a particular position , it seems odd to exclude the one party with a different position and argue that it will derail the debate if someone has a different position . 
  the point of a debate is exactly because some people have different views . 
  this is the whole point of elections , politics and the democratic process . 
  a debate between parties that share positions is n't a debate , it is a circle jerk . 
   they did consider that - but those are the leaders of big parties ( the greens and the social democrats ) already in the parliament - a debate without them is pretty useless . 
  while i agree that a debate without parties like the spd is quite useless , this is a decision that spd can make . 
  it is regrettable that a political party can , effectively , overturn the choice of a broadcaster and force the broadcaster into a less rational position than it had orginally chosen . 
  presumably the broadcaster , when initially planning who to invite , did n't only consider the make up of the current parliament but also the likely make up of the new parliament ( giving consideration to performances of parties in other elections , and opinion polls ) ? 
  to me considering only the existing parliament is refusing to consider the full picture . 
   this is a bit misleading - the channels decided not to invite the afd candidates , because leaders of other parties , said they wo n't participate , if they are also there . 
  did they not consider inviting the parties that they had intially planned to invite , and then simply empty-chairing those that refused to attend ? 
  edit - spelling ... 
  my history was basically british affairs 1815-1914 , so yes , we did cover the corn laws and the famine , catholic empancipation etc. . . 
   they 're always crazy , its in their nature . 
  they 're extremists , either they go full mother theresa mode or they go full on hitler on your ass . 
  there is no calm and healthy middleground . 
  yeah , it is because they are ultimately a nation of poets and philosophers . 
  they suffer things like angst and then start seeing the world in absolutes . 
  very different from us brits for example : we hate boring abstract things like poetry and philosphy . 
  we only like concrete real things like financial instruments , 
   california and wyoming california and wyoming benefit from a common language , mobile workforce , centralised taxation and fiscal transfers , and they are part of a nation with strong central democratic institutions and a fed that is not shy to act quickly when need be . 
  the eu is not like this . 
   and april for the referendum . ], 
  the earliest the referendum will be is in june . 
   are random other countries like greece somehow an ` immature ' democracies ? 
  greece was governed by a military junta until the 70s . 
  the uk does not have this memory . 
  the uk is virtually alone in europe to have lived the last 300 years without civil war , invasion or revolution . 
  the uk has never had any serious thread of a hard left or a hard right government . 
  ( only sweden can really be compared to the uk in relation to such lengthy stability . ), 
   so basically you 're just telling me that there is nothing of any substance to balance the house of commons and we should just the ` independent minded individuals ' ( which is a hilarious way of describing 80 % of backbench mps , who 're constantly fearing de-selection ) to be benevolent and do the right thing . 
  the house of commons balances itself . 
  it is already a balance because of the election process . 
  deselection has rarely taken place and most mps do n't fear it ( though , rightly , they want to have good relations with their consituencies ) . 
  i would , however , give constituencies power of recall , which would be an additional check . 
   sorry , but just because they 've managed to go this far without screwing the pooch completely is n't very reassuring , and neither is some weird reference to how we 're a ` mature democracy ' ( what does that even mean ? 
  are random other countries like greece somehow an ` immature ' democracies ? ) . 
  mature democracy is not a weird notion . 
  democracies ( [ as you yourself agreed with me when we discussed this a couple of days ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/40s0z8/eu_launches_firstever_rule_of_law_review_against/cywnoka ) ) are not things that appear suddenly with the creation of institutions . 
  they evolve gradually . 
  not every democracy in the world functions as well as every other , some are more vulnerable than others . 
   are random other countries like greece somehow an ` immature ' democracies ? 
  greece is the cradle of democracy , though for most of their history they have n't really been a democracy . 
  their current politics , their current constitutional arrangements obviously reflect the fact that they in living memory have not been a democracy . 
   we need proper balance on the government of the day . 
  every other legitimate democracy in the world has it . 
  the uk 's lucked it out this far . 
  it 's time we had a proper safeguard . 
  the uk has not lucked out , it has worked well exactly because of its constitutional arranegements . 
   likewise , the uk meps and the uk 's representative in the council of the eu ca n't alone determine who the president of the eu is . 
  that does n't mean that it is n't a democracy and it does n't mean that the they ca n't be democratically removed . 
  the eu is a democracy and you just have to face the facts while the eu does have some of the institutions that make a democracy ( e.g. 
  elections ) as i have explained it is not institutions alone that make a democracy work well , as we are seeing currently with poland and saw with nazi germany . 
  for a democracy to work well , you need a demos . 
  you need peoples to share a sense of willingness to suffer common governance , something that the eu patently lacks . 
  this is why the eurozone has no fiscal transfer mechanism when it so clearly and desparately needs one : effectively you can rob peter to pay paul , but it seems like you ca n't rob per and pieter to pay paolo , pablo or pavlos : they do not think of themselves as a peoples . 
  there is also no eu wide press holding the actions of the eu government to account . 
   it 's time that this absurd myth that eu is somehow governed by magic or secret ministers who 's identities are unknown somehow run the entire thing dies . 
  it 's false . 
  it 's wrong . 
  it 's inaccurate . 
  and what 's more , it is misleading and damaging to our democracy to lie in this way . 
  this has quite clearly not been my argument . 
  though it should be noted that while everyone in the uk can name the prime minister , almost nobody in the uk can name the head of the eu commission . 
  thus while the name can be found on the internet , there is no sense of connection between the governed and the governing . 
   i 'm talking about if the government passes an act of parliament sorry to be petty , but it is n't the government that passes an act of parliament . 
  it is parliament that does this . 
  a government might propose it or support it , but a government does not pass it . 
   which is against our basic human rights , what is there to stop it ? 
  what check and balance is there ? 
  while parliament are sovereign and can , as a matter of contitutional law , pass an act of parliament requiring all jews to wear a yellow star , this does not mean that we should be concerned that they have this power . 
  the uk is a mature democracy with a stable consitutional system with an entrenched rule of law , with a parliament full of indepent-minded individuals , a free and loud press and so forth . 
  it is these things that effectively constrain the actions of parliament , even if , as a matter of pure constitutional law , parliament is sovereign . 
   a real check and balance would be if we had a proper constitutional court , which had power overturn legislation if it went against our constitution ( we currently do n't have a codified constitution , though ) and could not be directly influenced by the government or parliament . 
  every other eu country has some version of this , except us they have had different histories from us and their constitions reflect their different histories . 
  just because poland and germany have written constitutions , this is not an argument that the uk should have one . 
  the advantage to the uk 's unwritten consitution is precisely that it is flexible and can evolve with the changing mood of the british people and adapt itself to modern times easily , rather than be stultified to a particular historical circumstance . 
  given our historical prediliction for evolution over revolution , our common law ( which is , after all , an iteritive process ) i think our consitutional arrangements have served us well . 
   the 1940s , the government actually passed and act of parliament which suspended elections . 
  this was during the second world war . 
  it is a bit disingenous to imply that the actions of the national unity government when faced with the threat of hitler are somehow illustrative of a risk to our democracy . 
  immidately the war finished , there were new elections . 
  the fact that the uk parliament decided ( and they did it for a year at a time ) to do this and that it had no lasting damage ( or immediate damage ) to the uk 's democracy is a sign of strength of our consitution . 
   i do n't like relying on the benevolence of our elected leaders alone . 
  there must be other effective checks and balances , and currently there are no . 
  the eu is part of that solution . 
  the good thing about our elected leaders is that we can elect them and we can get rid of them . 
  we ca n't get rid of the eu government . 
   when you start calling the electorate a check and balance then you know you 're grasping at straws . 
  i do n't think so . 
  effectively the electorate are the ultimate check : they are the people that can get rid of a government after all . 
  in between elections , governments obviously have future elections in mind . 
   and calling the opposition a check ?
