   if the uk leaves europe , why would france still bother to do it ? 
  the uk/french border arrangements are nothing to do with eu membership . 
  if france decides to let people walk through the channel tunnel or get on ferries and trains without checking them , those services will simply stop . 
  uk rich , stronk and hopefully soon outside the eu . 
   we should remove them from the schengen completly the uk is already not in schengen and will never join schengen . 
  no , the rest of the eu is not the biggest economy in the world . 
   if the eu terms are to be altered , then it should involve all eu states at the same time so that everyone gets the same new benefits/responsibilities . 
  all eu states are involved as all governments have to agree any changes . 
  it is of course very regrettable that only uk citizens will vote : it would be better if each country had referendums . 
  contracts are n't sacred , they simply represent the terms of an agreement between parties . 
  if circumstances change , then parties come to a different agreement and amend the contract . 
  or , as would be more sensible in this case , one of the parties decides to terminate the contract . 
   ukip polled at 10 % in their `` breakthrough '' election , i 'd hardly call that `` significant '' . 
  ukip polled at more than 12 % and got almost 4 million voters . 
  this is significant . 
  however , many people who vote for other political parties also want a brexit . 
   two world wars were fought ( which effectively did cause hunger in europe ) and the cold war came and went . 
  and that 's not to mention the abolition of slavery , the industrial revolution , the green revolution , the population explosion and so on . 
  since then , almost everything changed . 
  counting on things not changing in an inconvenient way is simply irresponsible . 
  the fact that `` almost everything changed '' in the world since 1760 support my position and not your position . 
  the fact that the uk has had the same policy for more than 200 years in every single type of geopolitical climate , from world wars , to empires , to splendid isolation etc etc etc despite the extreme changes to the world and agricultural techniques , despite literally being blockaded by literally hitler , shows why the uk is right not to be concerned . 
  even when we were at our most vulnerable , no government seriously tried to worry about being self sufficient in food . 
   counting on things not changing in an inconvenient way is simply irresponsible . 
  things of course will change , but protectionism will always be inferior to free trade . 
  i am more than happy for your country to subsidise failing industry or failing businesses or failing agriculture if that is what you want to do with your taxes . 
  i am not keen on my taxes being used in this way . 
   we keep that production potential open for when we ca n't trade . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  britain has since 1760 or so happily traded agriculture . 
  trade works and protectionism does n't . 
   besides , the uk could starve ireland if it needed food back then , but what should ireland do ? 
  this is a question for irish democratic process . 
  happily the uk abolished the corn laws , which were the cap of their time . 
   the eu will lift the barrier of networks charging for usage in different countries . 
  this will allow me to choose a different provider for my service because they ca n't charge me more for using their service when i am not in the country they are registered in . 
  there is n't currently a barrier . 
  companies can choose how much they charge . 
  it is adding a new barrier , forcing companies to price their packages in a different way . 
  this is regrettable for consumers . 
   the more expensive countries will have to reduce their prices to compete with others !, 
  i ca n't make it any more plainer than this !? 
  there is nothing stopping the cheaper providers entering the markets of the more expensive countires already . 
  there is already a single market for telephone providers . 
  this regulation simply restricts the packages that telephone providers can offer you . 
  no , you 'll have less choice . 
   where is this cheaper sim card that i can buy which competes over here in the uk ? 
  i do n't know anything about what you are currently paying , but the telephone industry is a competive one and you can go on the internet and compare prices and select the one that is the best for you . 
  this is how markets work . 
  there is already a market for telephone providers and you already have choices . 
   i could theoretically make my supermarket bill cheaper if i went to a country with lower prices . 
  but i ca n't do this as flying out there outweighs the saving benefits . 
  i have no idea what point you are trying to make here . 
  obviously , it is the actions of market participants that determine prices , not the actions of governments . 
   in the current situation i will be charged for usage outside my country . 
  i can not take advantage of the estonian sim card because their allowances do n't apply abroad and vice-versa . 
  this is effectively a choice that estonian providers are making . 
  if an estonian provider thought that it could gain more profits from entering the uk market , they would do so . 
  this is how markets work : participants have choices . 
  the changed law restricts their choices which will increase prices . 
   i will then be able to buy the estonian sim card and bring it back home taking advantage of the unlimited texts/calls/data without any extra charge and i save # 20 p/m compared to my domestic deal . . 
  this can not happen at the moment . 
  telephone companies are not suddenly going to want to make less profits . 
  their shareholders will not allow for that . 
  they will simply put up prices on their packages generally , transferring costs from the people that travel abroad to the people that do n't travel abroad . 
  this is regrettable because it is the relatively poorer people who will suffer the increase in prices . 
   please show me this competition that will work out cheaper than i can get at home because i 'll sign up to it tonight . 
  there is already fierce competition . 
  the prices are what they are in a competitive market . 
  a government ca n't just order a companies to make phone prices cheaper any more than they can magically make your supermarket bill cheaper or your house cheaper . 
  no , many people have not made up their mind . 
  no , you just do n't seem to understand how competition and markets work . 
   i 'm talking about in a few years time taking a sim card from another country to use domestically as they are cheaper than the networks we have at home . 
  networks in other countries are already able to offer you products . 
  they can already compete in local markets . 
  this competition already exists . 
   it gives me more choice by choosing other telecoms providers in other eu countries . 
  you already have this choice . 
  no , as a consumer i have reduced choice . 
  if i never go abroad i am effectively subsidising the habits of people who do go abroad . 
  that is regrettable for consumers who do n't go abroad . 
  i do understand your point . 
  i just disagree with it . 
  markets work best where all market participants have maxium choice as to the arrangements that they can make . 
  this measure reduces choice . 
   but they will be required to not charge for roaming , thus creating a single market for mobile telecoms . 
  no , this gives market participants less choice than they currently have . 
  it effectively reduces the number of packages that people can choose from . 
   if he had to pay roaming costs for every call he made , that would effectively be stopping him . 
  telephone companies are not required to charge for roaming . 
   but if i sign up for that sim card in austria i will have to pay extra and will not be able to use my inclusive data/minutes/texts . 
  having the one market means i would . 
  this depends on the packages that the austrian company provides . 
  they can choose a package that is advantageous to you at the moment . 
   a quick search in estonia for example offers $ 12 for 20gb for a month on a payg plan . 
  where in the uk can i get this amount of data for # 10 ? 
  sign up . 
  nobody is stopping you . 
   how is there a single market for mobile phones ?!, 
  i ca n't just call up a network in lets say austria and sign up to a sim only deal !,
