  that would be respected and recognised by both holyrood and westminister ? 
  if it ca n't be then it is not a useful metric . 
  if a majority of people in scotland vote for parties committed to a referendum in the general election in a month 's time then that would have to be respected by westminster . 
  if a majority of people in scotland vote for parties that do not want another referendum , equally that should be respected by westminster . 
  i also think that if in the next scottish election parties committed to a referendum win a majority of seats in holyrood , that should be respected by westminster . 
  let 's see how people vote and make decisions on that basis . 
  scottish people get to vote all the time . 
  if they want independence , they will end up getting it . 
  equally , if they do n't , they wo n't . 
  marine seems less insane than marion to me . 
  marion seems off the scales . 
  marine seems just a normal level of insane . 
  marion seems battshit insane to me . 
  i would have thought that marine would benefit from losing her . 
   surely you can see the point of contention . 
  oh , i completely accept that there is contention and that it is complex . 
   based on the evidence above , i disagree with your statement . 
  i am not ignoring the evidence you have presented , but i think it is not the only evidence . 
  i think we need to look at the way people in scotland are voting now ( e.g. 
  local council a couple of weeks ago , uk general election which is coming up ) . 
  these votes are also part of the complex evidential picture ( and the most current evidence ) . 
   hence , to resolve the situation , i do n't think it is unreasonable to come to the conclusion that we should have another referendum , with the available options laid out to make things as clear as possible . 
  to be clear , i am not opposed to scottish people having another referendum , if that is what they want . 
  i am opposed to scottish people having another referendum if they do n't want one . 
  you need to persuade your fellow scots , not me . 
  let 's just see how people vote next month !, 
   if the question still stands then would n't a final argument against a referendum be having one , then having a vote of no within it ? 
  if scottish people do not want a referendum , then of course they should not be forced to have one . 
  the answer to not wanting a referendum is not `` having a referendum '' . 
   denying the people of scotland this form of democratic expression , and denying it with claims of illegitimacy will only fuel nationalist sentiment . 
  the scottish people are getting what they want . 
  they are not being denied anything . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about `` denying people of scotland this form of democratic expression '' . 
  how many times have the people of scotland voted in the last 7 or 8 years ? 
  you get to vote all the time . 
  you get a vote in a month 's time for goodness sake . 
  you had one a couple of weeks ago . 
   saying that , the fact that their choices are only really to deny it betrays a great lack of confidence in their argument . 
  if they felt confident i would predict they 'd never be using the previous referendum 's result as an arguing point . 
  a referendum should not simply take place now because unionists think they should win . 
  instead , a referendum should take place if scottish people want one . 
   plus the tories are still the tories . 
  scotland hates the tories , always has done . 
  this is not really true . 
  scotland has not always hated the tories and in fact scotland does not currently hate the tories . 
   your assertion that scottish people want to be in the uk , not the eu is therefore an extrapolation . 
  all we know is that the majority up there is attached to both unions . 
  which one they 'd pick if they had the choice of which one over the other is as yet unknown . 
  the general election next month is going to give us a big clue . 
   no it was not on the ballot but it does n't take much to glean from the result that the scottish people as a whole want to stay in the eu watch the way scottish people are actually going to vote in the general election next month . 
  a majority of them are going to vote for parties that are against independence . 
  technically , they wanted the uk to be in the eu . 
  they have n't had a vote on whether scotland as an independent country should be in the eu . 
  deal done . 
  i am a bit surprised that you are betting on this . 
  polling is in my favour here . 
  but fair play to you for putting your money where your mouth is , 
   nevertheless you 're afraid ( not necessarily you personally ) of more votes . 
  like a second independence referendum or a second brexit referendum . 
  i believe in democracy and votes being listened to and having a meaning . 
  just making people vote again because you do n't like the way they vote makes a mockery of democracy . 
  if we were to say to the british people - hey - we do n't like the way you voted , please do it again , my fear is that some people who voted last time would not bother this time because they would assume that their vote - having been ignored once - would be ignored again . 
   we have an elected government to figure this out . 
  it 's not the pollsters ' job to dictate policy . 
  fortunately we have a general election in a month . 
  we will be able to look at actual votes and draw conclusions from them . 
  my prediction is that most scottish people vote for political parties committed to staying in the uk . 
   that the snp achieved a majority once should be remarkable and a good thing for them , not a bad thing . 
  i am in agreement with you here . 
  but my winder point about whether or not scottish people want another referendum stands . 
   i remember you that we 're talking about the possibility that the eu will give uk free trade without uk following the eu laws . 
  eu already has ftas with countries like mexico , south korea . 
   uk wo n't give unilateral free trade , because it is not worth it , but the eu should give free trade to the uk , because ? 
  uk will give eu unilateral free trade in some areas . 
  i would be in favour of complete unilateral free trade . 
  i am not expecting the eu to give the uk unilateral free trade . 
  i am expecting a free trade agreement between the uk and the eu . 
   please tell me which part of the word gives free trade to other countries like the free trade you would like from the eu to the uk ? 
  look at the free trade between nz and aus or us and can . 
   are we talking about scottish people only , or all people who are eligible to vote in a scottish parliamentary seat e.g. 
  an english , welsh or northern irish person , or immigrants who have gained uk citizenship , whether from within or outside the eu ? 
  we are talking about people who will vote in scottish seats in the general election next month . 
   and how do we define scottish ? 
  do they have to have been born in scotland , or need only one or both of their parents be scottish , even if they themselves were born outside of scotland ? 
  we are talking about the people who will vote in scotland in the next general election . 
   nevertheless it 's only fair to ask again . 
  hiding behind polls has become a hallmark of brexiters !, 
  are you afraid that you got lucky once and your luck may have run out ? 
  obviously , if the scottish people want another referendum , they should have one . 
  but they do n't want one . 
  it would be completely wrong for the uk government to force the scottish people to have a referendum on independence against their will . 
  the uk government is quite right to listen to the scottish people on this . 
   hiding behind polls has become a hallmark of brexiters !, 
  we are standing behind votes , not polls . 
   it 's only fair to ask the question again after we were lied to throughout the campaign . 
  most scottish people do not want a referendum though . 
  and while some people who previously voted no would now vote yes , others who voted yes would now vote no . 
   can you link me some source that says that the actual uk government is willing to give total free trade to other countries ? 
  the uk is not going to go for unilateral free trade other than in some specific instances ( some bits of agriculture , access to financial services in the uk etc ) . 
   by the way it 's funny that the eu countries made up the eu parliament for solving the problem of having different legislation in countries that have free market , while you think that it was totally useless and they could 've just opened their market to each other .
