  any other system , whereby only `` informed people '' could vote , would be much worse . 
   that 's precisely why media need to inform people about eu - not just go into purely eusceptic or proeu points of view . 
  honest information is twice as valuable as a simple point of view . 
  media do n't `` need '' to do anything . 
  media are free to be biased or argue particular positions . 
  you might not like this system , but its name is a free press . 
  any other system , in which media were required ( by the government ) to present information in a particular way , would be much worse . 
   it 's a fact in geological , geographical , demographical and even : political way . 
  preference got nothing to deal with that . 
  whether or not it is a fact , language is not an exact science . 
  there are all kinds of instances in which language used does not reflect precise facts . 
  if i say `` i am starving and could murder some cake '' , i do n't literally mean that . 
  i mean `` i am hungry and would like to eat some cake '' . 
  thus it is when brits use the expression `` europe '' . 
  it is an expression we use to describe continental europe . 
  you might have a preference for us to use `` europe '' in line with geology and geography etc. 
  we might prefer to use it in a different way . 
  that is the beautiful thing about languages ( and especially the english language ) . 
  nobody owns it . 
  everyone can use it in the way they want . 
   i think what he is saying is that there 's not enough of information available for general public . 
  yes , you can read through all 200 + articles on wikipedia covering structure of eu , it 's politics , programs , decision-making process , expenses , income , key figures , etc. 
  but that wo n't work for ... well : almost-everyone . 
  tv and national newspapers really need to make eu closer to brits i disagree with you here . 
  in a democracy where the press is free , i do n't think that national newspapers `` need to make the eu closer to brits '' . 
  i think that they have freedom to decide what their editorial line is , some might want this , others might not . 
  in a plural environment where opinions differ , you would expect different newspapers to take different lines on this . 
  in the uk some bits of the press are broadly eusceptic ( telegraph , times , sun , mail , express , spectator , private eye . . ) while some bits of the press are proeu ( guardian , independent , financial times , economist , new statesman , bbc , channel 4 ... ) . 
  these differences of opinion and approach are healthy in a democracy . 
   not just but informing what are the benefits and what are costs , but also by making brits feel as a part of europe ( eg . 
  stop using word `` europe '' as a reference to continental part of it - uk is just as much europe as france is ) again , this is a decision for the press and there is no `` wrong '' or `` right '' answer . 
  brits have always used the expressions `` europe '' and `` the continent '' to refer to mainland europe . 
  i do n't see why we should change that , just because it is your preference !, 
  in fact , i am distrustful of people who seek to change political opinion by changing people 's language . 
  it strikes me as orwellian !, 
  beeb has always been ridiculous ... 
  to be frank , there is nothing to stop those countries that want to participate in this law from going ahead with it anyway , under the enhanced co-operation procedure . 
  the us is hugely more ambitious than the eu in terms of tax evasion legislation . 
  it will get to the eu too , with time . 
   a contentious opinion , but i 'm not so keen on the idea of referendum - it 'd work best with well-informed voters , rather than - well - the daily mail . 
  that 's a bit like saying only well-informed voters should be able to vote in general elections , rather than people who read the daily mail . 
  let 's not be contemptuous of the electorate . 
   it 's like voting on whether or not the higgs boson exists . 
  ok , it 's actually a mixture of that question and your question . 
  it 's a mixture of value and technicality . 
  it is actually like voting full stop . 
  we all agree that we should have a vote , even though very few of us would feel competent to describe how ( for example ) the uk constitution works or how the business of government operates or really exactly how different policies of different political parties will impact government . 
  the opinions of people ( and their ability to use the democratic process to vote in accordance with their opinions ) is thus important , whether or not those opinions are informed . 
   do n't take too seriously , they are just trying to defend the empire . 
  `` empire '' ?!, 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  i know that english is not your native language . 
  `` mongrel '' is a term used to describe dogs that are not pure breeds . 
  native english speakers would never use it other than with the intention of offending . 
  while we might not like soros , we must accept that his power is economic power that he earnt , rather than inherited , via legal means . 
  currency trading and speculation is an essential part of international capitalism - i therefore only think it makes sense to criticise the power of soros if we are prepared to condemn the entire system of international capitalism . 
  it 's worked well in the us , with much lower prices of gas boosting their economy . 
  the us is also fast on the way to becoming energy independent . 
  the eu really needs to get fracking too in order to boost our ecmomies and be less reliant on russia . 
  brits would see `` so i might just be missing something something here , but '' as somewhat american and too direct . 
  i think a more typical british way of saying the same thing might be `` perhaps i 've not fully understood , so would you mind clarifying ... '' i work in a very traditional environment though where old-school london behaviour is important . 
  arguably the differences between brits and americans here is quite subtle . 
  as a lawyer and as an athlete i am finding this all fascinating . 
  but i appreciate it is a minority interest , 
  the official strategy of all political parties changes in relation to economic news though . 
  just as ukip will change its strategy in relation to good economic news , so will all other political parties . 
  this is called the dirty game of politics . 
  actually , quite often when we say `` i 'm sure it 's my fault '' , we mean `` i 'm sure it 's your fault '' . 
  brits can be very passive-aggressive . 
  we can be just as rude as the french can be , just in a different way . 
  even if this you think preventing restaurants from serving olive oil in jugs is a good policy , surely it is a policy that can be decided at member state level , rather than at eu level ? 
  what happened to subsidiarity ? 
  for all kinds of reasons , discussions around sovereignty , nationality and identity are emotional rather than purely rational . 
  this marshalling arguments to support a particular outcome is a feature of proeu people just as much as they are a feature of antieu people . 
  in good economic times , the arguments of proeu people will change too !, 
   though i feel the american way of sugarcoating negative feedback is definitely gaining ground here as well , which i do n't much care for . 
  actually , americans are much more direct with negative feedback than brits are . 
  as a brit , i always find american directness surprising and i instinctively find it rude . 
  also , despite using indirect and sugarcoated language , when brits speak to each other they are very aware of the sub-text . 
  everyone knows what the code means !, 
   there are however , hardships with my idea . 
  britain and ireland would go badly . 
  the united kingdom is already a union though . 
  it is already in some ways a federation of more than one nation . 
  for certain things , despite ireland being an entirely separate nation , they are closely linked to the uk . 
  the irish can fight in the uk army , they can vote in uk elections , they watch british television , they are not `` foreign '' for the purposes of uk legislation , they have a common travel area with the uk , for sporting purposes they are considered by the uk to be a `` home nation '' ... 
   it may change the perception to ukips arguments , though . 
  if growth in the uk continues to be stronger than the rest of the eu ( and especially the eurozone ) , then ukip do need to start to refocus their arguments somewhat , and perhaps argue that the uk needs to focus on trade links with the growing parts of the world , rather than the stagnating parts of the world to continue to prosper . 
   do n't you think this might be what 's affecting the polls in some way ? 
  yes , this is my opinion . 
   ukip has been saying for years that the eu is impeding uk 's growth . 
  and this view is n't really disproved one way or the other by the uk 's recent good economic news / data . 
   [ but yougov have asked exactly the same question regularly for more than a year , precisely to be able to see the trend , and that is kind of what is interesting about this poll ] ( http://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/f5ou9rc5aa/yg-archives-pol-trackers-europe-100314.pdf ) . 
  i do n't think there is any suggestion that the sun have tried to influence that question . 
  looking at the question itself , it seems a stretch to say that it is biased . 
   interesting to see a poll commissioned by that rag show a pro-eu majority though . 
  murdoch sees destruction of the eu as a key political objective . 
  if even the sun is seeing a pro-eu plurality it is probably a larger one than people suspect . 
  is your opinion that yougov are n't independent and professional in their research ? 
  personally i have no reason to think that yougov are n't independent .
