  that is a dramatic and massive change and suggests huge forecast errors , not minor ones . 
  we are still left wondering why what has actually happened has been so very different from hmt 's predictions . 
   i do n't think opinion has changed about the long-term implications though you are right that most economists have not changed their opinions . 
  those economists who predicted that the long term effects would be good and that there would be no short term effects , still think that . 
  those economists who predicted that there would be short term recession and long term negative implications , have changed their mind about the short term recession but have not changed their mind about the long-term implications . 
  unfortunately if you cry wolf when there is n't a wolf , you have a lot less credibility the second time you cry wolf . 
   i heard that people actually do n't dislike our accent . 
  in general people who have mother tongue germanic languages seem to be able to make english language sounds very easily , so their accents are pleasing to our ears . 
  people with mother tongue romance or slav languages find this harder . 
   it 's not that people do n't understand british exceptionalism . 
  it 's simply that they do n't like it . 
  for a british person , we find it a bit surprising that they do n't like exceptionalism . 
  if your country considered itself exceptional in some way , my reaction would be like , oh that is great , they do things differently over there in czechia . 
  we find it really surprising that most countries are n't exceptional in fact . 
  it was n't just that we thought the deal was n't good enough for us , we were really surprised that you thought that the deal was good enough for you . 
  this was the message that may was trying to say in her speech :  `` because our continent 's great strength has always been its diversity . 
  and there are two ways of dealing with different interests . 
  you can respond by trying to hold things together by force , tightening a vice-like grip that ends up crushing into tiny pieces the very things you want to protect . 
  or you can respect difference , cherish it even , and reform the eu so that it deals better with the wonderful diversity of its member states . '', 
  do you not sort of wish that the eu could be more flexible ? 
  or do you think that it is getting it right ? 
  lol !, 
  yeah , the deed poll thing does feel a bit medieval  your country has some crazy shit too though !, 
   and then proceeds to write a bill of rights , with no oversight , courts have oversight . 
   which would in theory allow her to scrap whichever rights we wants that are currently enshrined in the echr . 
  parliament will decide what legislation we have . 
   i might add , that when this government was voted in , they had no mandate to pull out of the echr . 
  [ see page 60 of the tory manifesto in 2015 - they specifically pledged to break the link between our courts and the echr . 
  ] ( https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/manifesto2015/conservativemanifesto2015.pdf ), 
   what does the establishment of rights have to do with the fact that there will be no more protection from whatever idiocy the tories push through next if you do n't like the tories , vote for someone else . 
   the whole thing is a complete farce . 
  most people are delighted that our parliament is committed to leaving the eu . 
  i agree that there is as a matter of law some parallel , though i do n't accept that devolution to a local parliament within the uk is functionally identical to the concept of primacy of eu law . 
  as a matter of politics and the desired power of the electorate , they are entirely different . 
   can the uk parliament enact a law contradicting an international treaty signed by the uk , before pulling out ? 
  say for instance a law declaring legal the stockpiling of biological warfare ammo in the uk . 
  in spain such a law could not be passed ( or would be immediately shot down by the constitutional court as unconstitutional ) . 
  given that our constitution is unwritten and evolving , it is hard to predict !, 
  but under conventional understanding of our constitution and parliamentary sovereignty , our parliament can enact any law whatsoever including biological warfare and this includes contradicting an international treaty . 
   british leave voters do n't understand continental europe as well as we ( continental europeans ) understand you . 
  that is sort of true but not completely . 
  i think a lot of / r/europe users can not really understand why some british people voted leave at all ( though i am trying to correct that ! ) . 
  i think they tend to associate us with extremist movements in their own countries . 
  i think they do n't all really understand that our reason for joining the eu in the first place was transactional and just about business . 
  very few brits understand the emotional attachment that a lot of continental europeans have for the eu , we are a bit surprised that you feel something different from us . 
  it has taken me a long long time to really try to understand what the eu means to a lot of people in continental europe . 
  i still keep getting surprised that so many people are so upset about brexit . 
  if e.g. 
  italy left the eu and the uk had stayed , nobody in the uk would really have cared . 
  in a sense this is obvious when we reflect upon our different histories . 
   there are certain areas where parliament ca n't make law due to that , is n't there ? 
  the difference here is that even though holyrood et al have powers ( and we are delighted that they have them ) those powers concern laws made that apply specifically in scotland etc. 
  holyrood does not not have the power to enact legislation that applies generally across the uk , without any parliaments or assemblies in the uk being able to do anything about it . 
  eu legislature does . 
   ah , you 're referring to the specific primacy of ecj over national courts ? 
  i was referring to primacy over rule-making capacity of the parliament . 
  i was referring to the concept of primacy of eu law as it is generally understood . 
  to the extent that uk law and eu law conflicted , the ecj and uk national courts are bound , under this concept , to apply eu law . 
  thus , even if parliament were to enact a law that contradicted with eu law , our courts would not be able to apply it . 
   i assumed something similar happens in the uk , but since you do not have a constitution , maybe it is not the case and the parliament does n't have its rule-making power similarly bound by int . 
  treaties ? 
  [ in brief summary , uk is a dualist country and spain is a monist country . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monism_and_dualism_in_international_law ) in the uk , norms of international law only bind our courts to the extent that our parliament specifically enacts such a norm . 
  the uk signing a treaty does not change uk law . 
   when i sometimes watch british political debates or read opinions of leave voters , i feel like they do n't really understand us . 
  i do n't think leave voters are different from remain voters . 
  i am a leave voter , but personally i think i understand eastern europeans more than most british remain voters . 
  the reality is that the vast majority of british people , whether they voted leave or remain , could not name one single famous czech person , one czech political party or know very much about your history or culture at all . 
  this is somewhat sad . 
  i guess you guys have a complicated history   the gap between europe and the uk is probably only gon na get bigger and bigger . 
  we will see about this , because we can not predict the future at all . 
  brexit changed the path of european history in a fundamental way and it will be a long time before we see all the consequences ... 
   the rest of the international treaties which the uk continues to be signatory of , and those that it intends to enter in the future will share the exact same principle of primacy . 
  the un does not have a body of law that has primacy in the uk and nor does the geneva convention . 
   the rest of the international treaties which the uk continues to be signatory of , and those that it intends to enter in the future will share the exact same principle of primacy . 
  no , they do n't . 
  the eu treaties are alone in having primacy and direct effect . 
  think about the nato treaty for example : there is no body of nato law , no nato court , no principle of direct effect and no principle of primacy . 
  the eu treaty is entirely sui generis . 
   the uk universities are not free for anyone anyway , so the eu nationals are paying for it . 
  eu students pay part of the cost , while uk taxpayers pay the rest . 
  students from the rest of the world pay a higher amount than eu students . 
   are you saiyng that you had too many eu students ? 
  i mean , what could possibly be wrong with having paying eu students at your unis ? 
  there is a question about how we fund education in the uk and which students we want to come . 
  currently , we prioritise eu students over those from the rest of the world . 
  in the future , we might decide to prioritise british students , and put eu students equal with students in the rest of the world . 
   no offence , but nobody is stoping you from learning foreign languages . 
  it is not the eu 's fault if some uk students decided not to exercise their right to study abroad just because they were too lazy to learn any foreign language . 
  i speak french , spanish and italian . 
  but the reality is that people respond to incentives . 
  you learn english because it is the global language . 
  do you speak danish , romanian or portuguese ? 
  the incentives for british people to learn languages are totally different . 
   it is not just about the studies , but also about the cultural exchange . 
  it brings us all closer together and would not want the uk the mentally drift away from europe even more . 
  do n't worry - you can not escape us i do n't think !, 
  we ca n't move the island , sadly !, 
  we will still be part of european history , european literature , european cultural values and so forth . 
  but cultural exchange is not really balanced : we export far more than we import because anglo culture is very dominant .
