   dont act like your estate prices would be any less ridiculous without immigration ( actually i do not have a clue about that . 
  people tend to move the same places , increasing the price level of that place , immigration or not ) . 
  prices are a function of supply and demand . 
  immigration is obviously hugely influential in terms of demand . 
  the uk population increases by several hundred thousand every year . 
  unless there is a similar amount of building , prices are likely to go up . 
   infrastructure usage ( usually ) goes ahead with economic activity . 
  as population increases , there is need for more transport , hospitals , schools etc. 
   are there studies on this ? 
  specifically for countries that have a minimum wage in place ? 
  i expect so and will try and dig one out . 
  however , i would be surprised if you really disputed this position anyway . 
   i would argue that eu citizens are better fitted for the society than immigrants from pretty much anywhere else ( asides from the commonwealth or the us ) . 
  some eu citizens are very well suited to living in the uk ( i.e. 
  irish ) . 
  however , not all eu citizens are . 
  for example , a lot of roma people are not well suited to live in the uk . 
  there are also terrorists who have eu citizenship as the paris attacks shows . 
  these people are not well suited to life in the uk . 
  as you say , many people from the commonwealth are very suited to life in the uk . 
   i think there is one : the uk should give priority to the german because the germans are willing to give priority to brits in return . 
  its a simple trade of favours . 
  how many brits really want to go and live in germany ? 
  ( none of us speak german . ), 
  the most popular destinations for brits are , unsurprisingly , canada , australia , usa , ireland and spain . 
  and when they go to spain it is for retirement . 
   eu citizens being a net gain for you is not enough ? 
  an immigration policy should not only consider net gains to the economy , because there are many other impacts . 
  - for example , while some reu immigrants benefit the uk economy , not all do . 
  it would make sense for the uk to select the ones that benefit the economy . 
  - not all segments of society are impacted in the same way . 
  obviously , almost no reu immigrants can compete with `` muh jerb '' but some poorer brits may see much more impact on their wages . 
  - there is an impact on housing prices and infrastructure - there is an impact on social cohesion for these reasons , it makes sense for the uk to take control of its own immigration policy ( which we can not do in the eu ) . 
  there is also a fundamental principle of equity . 
  as a matter of principle , why should we in the uk give priority to a german over a guatamalan ? 
  i just do n't think there is any good answer to this question . 
   the eu acting against their core principles is not off the table . 
  if they are pissed off , a lot can happen . 
  this is one of the real problems with the eu . 
  it gets pissed if people vote the wrong way . 
  democracy can be a real bitch . 
   arguably , ireland would be the country affected the most by a brexit , yet their political power is relatively little . 
  if the reu is going to need to ignore irish opinion in order to make an example of the uk , well , you decide how comfortable you feel about that . 
  personally i think this kind of behaviour , ignoring the smaller countries because they have little political power will damage the eu massively and it already has . 
  there is , after all , only really one eu country with most of the political power at the moment . 
   accepting euros as ( almost ) equal citizens would be one ( at least from your perspective ) . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , the uk should put in place a new immigration policy that is neutral as to country of orgin . 
  it makes no sense to prioritise a german over a guatamalan . 
  we should consider skills and needs of the uk economy . 
   the euro has certainly not been benefitial for everybody if it was n't going to be beneficial , but you still want people to accept it , then this kind of shows everything that is wrong with the eu . 
  it has become more important to do things for the sake of solidarity , even if you know that these things are not beneficial . 
  quite rightly , people see through this and now want their politicians to focus on what is beneficial . 
  germany of couse benefitted hugely from the euro . 
   of course they are . 
  however i do not believe that the status quo in these areas would simply continue . 
  really , why ? 
  why would the rest of the eu impose tariffs on czech ? 
  i thought the eu was a project designed to encourage trade rather than protectionism ? 
   first of all the economy of switzerland differs quite significantly from the czech republic . 
  also , they are more diverse in their trading partners . 
  plus they do not have to change , their relationship with the eu developed over quite some time . 
  they are also taking part in a lot of stuff that people would connect with `` eu membership '' ( as contributing monetary-wise for example ) . 
  why would people stop trading with czech if they left the eu ? 
  they do n't have to change . 
  however , outside the eu they would be able to make trade deals with other parts of the world by themselves . 
   but since the uk has more to lose than the eu has to gain in these negotiations does it ? 
  the uk imports far more from the reu than it exports to the reu . 
  the reu will also not be able to speak with one voice on the british question ( any more than it was able to speak with one voice on its other existential issues , refugees , greece , russia etc ) . 
  different reu countries will be impacted in very different ways . 
   as i have mentioned in another discussion with you , the eu would essentially sign its own death sentence if it allowed the uk to cherrypick the benefits of the eu while getting rid of all burdens in this process . 
  if the eu is so weak that it will die if the uk is able to negotiate a good trade deal , then the eu will die anyway . 
  what `` burdens '' are you talking about anyway ? 
  the uk has already cherrypicked away from the euro , schengen , immigration and home affairs , but you consider these things to be benefits . 
   reestablishing national borders both in terms of physical border controls aswell as tariffs would severely harm the czech economy . 
  leaving the eu of itself is not conclusive either in relation to tariffs or physical border controls . 
  both of these are questions for negotiation . 
  again , you need to explain why leaving the eu would not be a smart move for czech . 
  switzerland after all does fine . 
  why not czech ? 
   your country is for good or ill tied to germany , especially economically . 
  leaving the eu would not be a smart move . 
  what would germany do to czech if they left the eu ? 
  or just sanction ? 
   i 'd say the other countries would wait a few years and judge based on how the uk develops outside the eu and what kind of deal the eu gave to the uk . 
  the reu will not give the uk a deal . 
  the uk and the reu will negotiate a deal . 
  the uk obviously should not give the reu preferential access to its markets or favourable treatment compared to other countries . 
  the whole purpose of leaving the eu is for the uk to be a true global country in a world that is increasingly globalised , not giving preference to one small corner of the globe . 
  the uk 's key strengths ( services and particularly high end professional services ) lend themselves to globalisation more than any other . 
   ukip , sd , fn and the nl do n't have a welfare platform in their manifesto 's . 
  you should probably check the welfare , childcare , pensions , social care etc chapters of the ukip manifesto . 
   ukip 's manifesto literally only talks about welfare when they call for less welfare for immigrants . 
  [ out of interest , have you read the ukip manifesto ? 
  there is a lot in there on welfare that is nothing to do with immigrants . 
  ] ( https://d3n8a8pro7vhmx.cloudfront.net/ukipdev/pages/1103/attachments/original/1429295050/ukipmanifesto2015.pdf?1429295050 ), 
   but it would be super weird if in france we 'd suddenly stop speaking french and go for english . 
  just you wait !!, 
  rather than just giving figures for eu as a whole and also eurozone , it would also make sense to give figures for non-eurozone , so that they could be compared together more easily . 
  i 'm hoping for a no vote . 
  just remember that a danish no vote could have significant implications for the uk brexit referendum .
