  that seems weird to me . 
   no worries , the imf will get its money back and the eurozone taxpayer will pay the price in the end . 
  believe me , i am very sympathetic to the eurozone taxpayer . 
  the mess is the fault of their governments rather than them . 
  thatcher was right to fight against uk participation in the euro but not against the introduction of the euro in continental europe . 
  ( if continental europe wants to share a currency , let them , the key is to ensure that the uk stays out . ), 
   not solely , i just said both had a big interest in it as well . 
  the worldwide financial system with its heart in new york and london would have got another hit and un unstable greece at the eastern nato border close to russia is not in us interest either . 
  the eurozone population will finally pay the heavy price for these decisions . 
  so , i really dont know why you are complaining about it . 
  i 'm not complaining about it i am just explaining to you why the imf should get its money back in full whereas there is a different question for the eurozone . 
  there is a difference between being in a currency union and not . 
  the people responsible for designing the eurozone and making it work are the eurozone not the imf . 
   the eurozone hasnt been obliged to bail out greece either . 
  in fact eu law has been broken by doing so and this happened also due to pressure from the us and britain because of their own financial and geopolitical interests . 
  lol . 
  it is the uk and us fault that the eurozone bailed out greece ? 
  are you serious ? 
  the uk and the us are not in the eurozone . 
  they should n't have to pay for it . 
  the eurozone needs to man up and decide what to do and fix its currency . 
  seems like it is not capable of it . 
  the uk should clearly not have to pay a penny for the eurozone 's mess . 
   so , then please stop meddling into internal eurozone decisions all the time !, 
  the eurozone asked the imf to get involved . 
  the imf should have refused and forced the eurozone to sort out its own mess . 
   that is exactly the kind of deal that got us all to where we are today . 
  more `` amend , extend and pretend '' . 
  no real solution . 
   but they could only sell their positions because the eurozone bailed out greece yes , the eurozone is in a currency union with greece . 
  the rest of the world is n't . 
  it is the eurozone 's job to sort this out . 
  the eurozone contains some of the richest countries in the world . 
  they can sort this out if they want to . 
  it is not the job of the rest of the world to sort out the eurozone . 
   creditors of greece have also been british and american banks . 
  why should only the eurozone taxpayer have to pay for saving them if the uk and the us want to save their banks , that is on them . 
  but it is not the imf 's business . 
  however , the uk and the us banks are no longer creditors of greece , they sold out their positions . 
   if the imf wants further debt forgiveness for greece it should take part in that as well . 
  just to claim that from the eurozone taxpayers and not taking part in it as well is pure hypocricy . 
  no , the imf creditors are mostly not in the eurozone and include many countries much poorer than the eurozone . 
  the eurozone needs to sort its shit out . 
   i 'm hoping they do n't . 
  vote leave are currently melting under the weight of their own stupidity but they could recover easily of the eurozone starts fucking over greece again . 
  so let 's get this straight . 
  the reason you do n't want eurozone to fuck over greece is because of the uk 's referendum ? 
  surely whether or not the uk has a referendum , the eurozone need to sort out their shit ? 
   maybe metric prefixes would help ? 
  `` kilo-far right '' , `` mega-far right '' , `` giga-far right '' and so on . 
  how about \u00dcber-far-right ? 
  ( to me that sounds more scary . ), 
  postal votes arrive between 27 may and 3 june . 
  the vote is on 23 june . 
   pls just do n't send him to germany . 
  we have had enough he is not going to be the last extremist elected in continental europe unfortunately . 
   are no countries in the world who are going to give uk free access to their markets without something in return they get free access to the uk 's markets . 
   do n't you think cameron will resign and bojo will be elected tory leader ? 
  big cabinet reshuffle with all the exit heads getting front bench seats . 
  it is possible that in the event of a leave vote , cameron will resign . 
  any future government in that event will contain both leavers and remainers ( in order to keep the conservative party together ) . 
  bojo 's position is uncertain . 
  the point remains though , vote leave wo n't be the government . 
  parliament will still be there . 
  the civil service will still be there . 
  decisions will be made by the government , legislation will be made by parliament , advice will come from the civil service . 
  vote leave will have disbanded by 24 june . 
  they will have no more funding , no more statutory position . 
   the brexit struggle is currently becoming one of class . 
  the biggest indicator of voting preference is class . 
  as an activist in this referendum this has been the most revealing thing for me . 
   the only comprehensive one i 'm aware of is that ridiculous flexit proposal which the official campaigns choose to ignore as it advocates free movement . 
  [ this one is good . 
  ] ( http://www.iea.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/files/brexit%20entry%20170_final_bio_web.pdf )  are you honestly telling me with a straight face that it 's the governments fault , since they 've introduced spending rules ? 
  it is right that there are spending limits . 
  i am simply pointing out that one of the consequences of spending limits and vote leave being regulated is that they are required , by law , to focus on specific objectives . 
   we both know it 's because they ca n't produce a plan that does n't incorporate free movement , which would lose them at least half their voters . 
  no , as already mentioned , they are not the government . 
  it would be totally misleading to write a detailed plan given that they have zero power to implement it . 
  as for free movement , there are multiple countries around the world that do not have free movement with the eu . 
  obviously , the uk could do that too . 
   but you 'd think they 'd at least have a white paper on what they think should happen , would n't you ? 
  given that vote leave are a regulated entity and have limited spending and rely on donations , they should use their money for express statutory purposes , which is campaigning for a leave vote . 
  a lengthy exposition of what they think should happen would mislead the public ( as they do not have power to implement it ) . 
  [ however , they have set out some general principles on their website . 
  ] ( http://www.voteleavetakecontrol.org/briefing_newdeal ) many people , separately from vote leave , have written extensive proposals , some of which are very well considered . 
   particularly when for their part they say `` well really there is no plan other than leaving , who knows what we 'll do after we leave '' . 
  it would be dishonest for the leave side to put in place a plan for what takes place after leaving , because they do not have the power to implement it . 
  the job of putting in place a plan after leaving , will of course be for the government . 
  the day of a leave vote , the government are still going to be there . 
  they are not going to just call up vote leave and say `` over to you guys , please get on with your plan '' . 
   trade is and always will be utterly dominated by physical reality . 
  it depends what you are trading . 
  if you are trading something like law ( which is what i trade ) or finance , or insurance or a huge array of other services , then geography is basically irrelevant . 
  my e-mail advice arrives in hong kong with the same speed that it arrives in another part of london . 
  even if you are trading goods that need to be transported , the costs of transporting them and the speed of transporting them relative to the costs of producing the goods themselves are varying factors . 
  and of course , crucially , the size of markets vary massively . 
   physical facts wo n't change regardless of political reality . 
  thus the eurozone stability debate is completely irrelevant . 
  we 're next door to france and have no option about being next door to france .
