  why is it best for the eu for the uk not to do free trade agreements with the rest of the world ? 
  surely the rest of the eu wants the uk to do trade globally ?!, 
  i want the rest of the eu to do trade globally . 
   some countries will allow this , surely , but others , like brazil and china , will wait out until they get more favourable terms . 
  the eu does not have ftas with brazil or china . 
  i am talking about existing trade agreements . 
   it 's true that eu might not be in a position as good as they thought to start a negotiation . 
  but to claim eu have absolutely no leverage over britain , this is sheer ignorance . 
  the eu have some leverage . 
  but they do n't have leverage to stop the uk starting negotiating with non-eu countries . 
   not sticking to your `` word '' might negatively affect future trade deals the uk is trying to close as well as stuff like its credit rating . 
  honestly , sticking to ridiculous deals would be more harmful . 
   violating it can allow the council to strip the uk of all rights that are given by the treaty in question . 
  that 's fine , thanks . 
   you propose to ignore the procedures to change laws in the first place . 
  laws are not a good weather thing that can be discarded of whenever its inconvenient . 
  no , but they can be changed when they make no sense . 
  surely the eu will be happy that the uk creates new trade agreements with the rest of the world ? 
  trade is a good thing !, 
   the promise to follow the outcome of the referendum , instead the pm chose to not inform the council that the uk will leave the eu , but to resign . 
  leaving the decision to either a new tory leader , or snap elections . 
  the next government will do this . 
  i think this is the right way to do it . 
   this however , does not mean that the uk wo n't be able to strike good fta but they will have to wait a long time for them , with every single third party , and this will hurt the uk in the meantime . 
  no thanks , the uk will start work on them immediately . 
   the reality is that the uk has to stick to the rules of the eu as long as it is a member state . 
  to the extent that the eu insists on the uk complying with absurd laws which are hugely damaging to the uk 's interests , obviously the uk will not stick to them . 
  what is the reason that the rest of the eu does not want the uk to start putting in place trade agreements with the rest of the world ? 
   sure , maybe you are right . 
  but you 've lost the chance to do that remember ? 
  actually , soon we will be completely free of these laws and just subject to our own laws . 
  rather than being unlawful , i think it is unrealistic to expect any significant trade deals being reached in a 2 year timeframe actually , all the existing trade deals will be extremely quick to renegotiate by simply maintaining existing terms . 
   you see , gathering some trade deals is not really a problem , but getting the relevant economies is . 
  your financial sector desperately needs the financial passport , which it can only get as a tight associate of the eu , and we 're talking about one sector here . 
  not really . 
  singapore has a great financial centre without any passports . 
   she 's simply explaining the rules laid long before the ref . 
  and since it wo n't stop you anyway , why bother my friend ? 
  the rules make no sense and should obviously be changed !, 
  the whole point of leaving the eu was to be able to escape from the bullshit . 
   there are other measures possible as well . 
  bombs ? 
  or what ? 
   because we live under the rule of law , not in some banana republic . 
  the law should be changed . 
  the law was not made by god , but by men and should be changed . 
  if it is n't changed , the uk should ignore it . 
   i 'm not asking why you are so pro-brexit , i 'm asking how you 're so confident your government will actually do this when it has already broken its promises ? 
  which promise are you referring to ? 
   repealing the eca alone ( probably ) wo n't trigger the law case but the next time uk violates eu rules this will be an issue . 
  the eu trade commissioner is apparently trying to stop the uk starting trade negotiations with other countries . 
  uk will just have to violate this bullshit !, 
   this is good news for those of us with a faint hope of remaining it just shows how dysfunctional the eu is . 
   whatever the treaties will allow to impose . 
  there 's still a court , and if the uk is breaking laws there are ways to retaliate . 
  uk can pay some fines , that 's ok .  it would certainly ruine the mood for your negotiations with the eu , those other trade agreements may all be nice and dandy , but your biggest trading partner is the eu . 
  honestly , why on earth would the eu stop the uk negotiating with other countries in the world ? 
  the only reason is to be vindictive . 
  if this is now the mood , then there is no point the uk even trying to be co-operative . 
   any reason why you 're so steadfast ? 
  for the same reason that i have campaigned for years for the uk to leave the eu . 
  the fundamental arguments remain the same . 
  repealing the eca does not make the uk leave the eu . 
  only article 50 does that . 
  however , a tweak to the eca would allow the uk ( as a matter of uk law ) to start negotiating with other countries in the world . 
  this should be done immediately . 
   that would have consequences though . 
  what consequences ? 
  the consequences of not negotiating with other countries would be worse !, 
   all things considered , as much as i dread it , it seems the uk is n't leaving . 
  we are leaving . 
   if true , this is shit news for everyone . 
  if this is true , the uk just ignores the eu prohibition on speaking to non-eu countries and starts speaking to them immediately . 
   according to the article , it 's actually against eu law for us to negotiate our deals before leaving the eu . 
  so yea , we 're pretty fooked . 
  the uk is going to start negotiating with third countries though and ignore eu law on this . 
  this basically means we will have ftas in place with third countries before the eu . 
  most of which was spent under a war government with extraordinary powers , ignoring normal democratic practices in favour of deciding quickly . 
  we were right not to hold elections during the war !, 
  obviously , the usa and russia had greater contributions to the war , but the uk 's contribution should not be ignored . 
   yes , it 's terrible predicament lending money with 0 interest in germany , or less then 3 % in belgium . 
  the fact that the euro has lead to divergence between the core and the periphery is not a good thing . 
  let 's hope that after the brexit the eu will now summon up courage to solve the crisis !, 
   curious , who would you like to become pm andrea leadsom . 
  i think she has the most globalist and reformist and radical vision for britain , which for me is the most important thing . 
  however , she is an underdog . 
   and who do you think will win ? 
  we can no longer predict the next five minutes in uk politics , so i think anything can now happen !, 
  your guess is as good as mine . 
   hell eu was even friendly enough to give uk beneficial treatment . 
  the uk was correct to stay out of the euro . 
  good luck with solving the euro crisis !!, 
   comparing the first and the second half of the past century , it appears that `` national government '' clearly loses . 
  i wrote `` national democracy '' . 
  obviously , if your country can not do national democracy , then maybe it should be in the eu . 
  however , the uk can do national democracy . 
  look at the first half of the past century . 
   holy shit , i really feel bad for the uk . 
  this is a wonderful time to be british , 
  the uk is going to leave the eu .
