  the fco indicates that the portuguese health service is based on residence . 
  so non-residents ca n't use the portugese health service for free . 
  they have to become residents first . 
   so you 're saying that the problem with the eu is that it put its citizens above immigrants and this is bad no , i have n't said this . 
  however , inside the eu the uk has very little ability to control immigration from within the eu , given the eu rules on free movement . 
  outside the eu the uk will be able to put in place a working immigration policy that is neutral as to nationality , which i would prefer . 
   but the commonwealth puts its citizens above immigrants and this is good the commonwealth itself does not have a concept of citizenship and it a not an entity that makes rules . 
  the uk is free to choose whatever immigration policy it wants in relation to commonwealth citizens . 
  currently , commonwealth citizens get no automatic right of abode in the uk or right to work in the uk and immigration policy with respect to the commonwealth is extremely restrictive . 
   and the unsaid part of that sentence '' ... cause they 're not really immigrants , just people from other parts of the empire '' . 
  actually , the bit of the sentence that the guardian did n't quote was as follows : '' * ... but that 's irrelevant , when you have an australian style points system what you do , is you take out of that all subjectivity and youlook at things on a purely objective basis . 
   no thanks . 
  i think most people will not be voting based on this single insignificant issue . 
  that 's fine . 
  however , they should at least admit that they are happy to have an immigration policy that discriminates on the basis of nationality . 
   poles are eu citizens , which by our membership means they are a citizen . 
  you ca n't recognise commonwealth citizenship and then not recognise eu citizenship , it does n't work that way . 
  as far as the rules are concerned , eu citizens are not immigrants if they are in an eu country . 
  if we left the eu we could do this . 
   stop trying to pretend that your desire to leave the eu comes out of a desire for equal treatment of nationalities , your logic is n't consistent . 
  it is n't my motivation for leaving the eu . 
  however , it is one of the good things that we will be able to do outside the eu . 
   i 'm not denying anti-british poles exist , just that they are far fewer than anti-british indians . 
  have you ever met an indian that is anti-british ? 
  i have never met one . 
  any citations ? 
   i know , you 'd prefer to pick pseudo neutrality and an option which would exacerbate our problem of an ageing population . 
  compared to the majority of the western world the uk has less of a problem with an ageing population . 
   governments that that follow the logic of nigel bring ruin to their country by deteriorating their competitiveness . 
  because they look at migrants from the limited perspective of culture and origin which matter less than what subclass they are in their own countries and what skills they have . 
  no , australia and canada have not brought ruin to their countries . 
  they have a points based system . 
  it does not look at culture or origin . 
   and generally have a much better perception of british people than indians do [ some of the poles on this very thread are fairly resentful to us . 
  ] ( http://ua.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33kscc/nigel_farage_indian_and_australian_immigrants/cqlz8ai ) however , unlike you i do n't think `` resentment '' is a good reason on which to build an immigration policy . 
  i do n't know any second-generation or third-generation hungarians in the uk to be able to comment on them ... 
   if the uk were to suddenly exit from the eu and instate a points based immigration system , i could see h1b visa applications for the us grow , giving an advantage to us companies , since there 's absolutely no incentive for europeans to come to the uk anymore . 
  from a salary and living standards point of view both countries are more or less homogeneous , especially when it comes to the middle class , which are the people you supposedly want to attract . 
  a points based system , like australia , gives the uk huge flexibilty as to how to implement it . 
  countries like the uk , australia , canada , usa and ireland are always going to be very desirable destinations primarily because of language and low unemployment . 
  i expect that the uk if it left the eu would continue to have a very high number of immigrants ( like australia , canada and the usa do ) . 
  [ there are some technical distinctions in relation to the rights of commonwealth citizens , but they are complex and not particularly advantageous . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/right-of-abode/commonwealth-citizens ), 
   polish parents in uk the biggest issue is to make their children want to learn polish and remember culture of their parents , not the other way around . 
  poles are far better at getting their children to maintain their own language than almost any other immigrant group to the uk . 
  i know grand-children of polish immigrants to the uk that speak polish still . 
  poles are very good at maintaining their language via churches and social organisations . 
  the funny thing is that the polish spoken by children of polish immigrants into the uk is different from the polish of poland ( which has obviously changed ) . 
   yes , especially if the uk is bound by treaties within the commonwealth to do that . 
  there are n't treaties binding the uk in relation to the commonwealth . 
  the commonwealth is an extremely informal organisation and has almost no formal role in relation to immigration or trade . 
   ok , first - free movement within the union is not discriminatory . 
  the uk 's current immigration policy , which favours eea countries over non-eea countries , by definition discriminates on the basis of nationality . 
  ukip 's proposed immigration policy is neutral as to nationality . 
  i prefer a policy that is neutral as to nationality . 
   because we 're not sociopaths and if someone is dying we 'll help them . 
  what 's the position in portugal ? 
  can anyone from anywhere in the world go to portugal and use the health system for free ? 
   do n't you think it 's better if employers hire whoever they want not who the government tells them to ? 
  i agree that employment decisions should be the choice of an employer . 
  however , what we are discussing here is immigration policy , which is a different ( though related ) thing . 
   if the leader is expressing his clear preference towards specific nationalities , how come the party is upholding a nationality-neutral policy ? 
  if the party is upholding a nationality-neutral policy , why is their leader expressing clear preference towards specific nationalities ? 
  [ i 'm going to direct you to another comment i wrote which relates to this . 
  ] ( http://ua.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33kscc/nigel_farage_indian_and_australian_immigrants/cqly3r4 ) farage expressed extremely mildly the concept that some people integrate better into the uk than others . 
  however , he clarified exactly why that should not be the basis for an immigration policy . 
   an immigration system which favors one individual against another based on country of origin is a bit ... populist to say the least . 
  it sounds like you , me and nigel farage agree with each other . 
  we do n't think culture should be a relevant factor when it comes to an immigration policy . 
  we think an immigration policy should be objective . 
  i 'm glad we have cleared that up . 
   as leader of his party , his opinion is pretty relevant and not something that can be dismissed as a personal preference . 
  for one thing , it 's an indication of the laws/policies the party he leads advocates . 
  [ i 'm going to refer to you another comment i just wrote in relation to this . 
  ] ( http://ua.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33kscc/nigel_farage_indian_and_australian_immigrants/cqly3r4 ) the guardian snipped the quote . 
  if you listen to the full context of the discussion , it is much clearer . 
  the policies are clear : neutral as to nationality . 
  separately , even if you did believe that farage planned for the uk to give preferential treatment to indians and australians over greeks and danes , it seems an odd thing to find objectionable . 
  you seem to accept the reverse after all . 
   but if farage himself is not neutral to an immigrant 's nationality ( and the article is pretty clear about that being the case ) he seems to have joined the wrong party , if said party 's end goal is neutrality towards nationality ... [ i think it might be worth you listening to the interview ( from about 14 minutes onwards , which will give you a clearer idea of farage 's position that the guardian 's summary ) . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmzaj4ykfi8 ) the guardian missed out a crucial bit of the quote , which i have set out :  `` i have to confess i do have a slight preference . 
  i do think , naturally , that people from india and australia are in some ways more likely to speak english , understand common law and have a connection with this country than some people that come perhaps from countries that have n't fully recovered from being behind the iron curtain , but that 's irrlevant , when you have an australian style points system what you do , is you take out of that all subjectivity and youlook at things on a purely objective basis ''  [ interupted by ed ] '' . . `` so you do n't get points for being australian or points for being judeo-christian ? '', 
   nigel : `` no you get points for having languages and skills '' . 
  i think it is fairly clear ( and coherent ) to consider that some nationals may integrate more easily into the uk than others , but to consider that the policy should be entirely objective and not take into account personal preferences . 
   how so ? 
  if you take the position that indians and poles are equally welcome to immigrate to the uk , then the sensible party to vote for is ukip . 
  if you welcome poles more than indians , then vote for one of the political parties that prioritises poles over indians . 
  however , it is a bit odd to pretend that you welcome indians and poles equally , but then not support the ukip immigration policy . 
   if you are arguing because of eea-status , then by that logic so does ukip since ukip still supports the concept of commonwealth citizenship ... 
  citizenship is a different thing from an immigration right . 
   of course no party has a policy that is truly neutral on nationality , because otherwise every british person should have to fulfil the citizenship test to remain in the country . 
  if you are a british person , you do n't immigrate to the uk . 
   whilst my version is that it works just fine , it just needs time for the immigrants to settle . 
  who do you vote for ? 
  if it is for greens , lib dems , conservatives or labour , it discriminates based on nationality . 
   sure this may not always be the case , but favouring skilled workers is n't a `` neutral immigration policy '' at all . 
  there are various options for an immigration policy , we could : - give free rein to everyone from some countries , but limit immigration from other countries ( current system ) - operate a blind lottery with no regard to skills or nationality whatsoever - choose people based on skills rather than nationality the first one ( the policy of libdems , labour and conservatives ) is clearly discriminatory based on nationlality . 
  the second is not discriminatory at all , but also makes no economic sense ( not the policy of any political party ) . 
  the final one , ukip 's policy , may in practice mean that more immigrants come from some countries than others , but this does not mean it discriminates on the basis of nationality . 
  it discriminates on the basis of some other objective criteria .
