  as a lawyer , i ca n't really avoid the law !, 
  from an emotional perspective , very few brits have any emotional attachment to the surpranational elements at all . 
   the answer is probably important in explaining the strained relationship between the uk and the eu . 
  i think history and constitutional arrangements are key here . 
  uk 's experience of history and constitutional arrangements make the uk 's position within the eu necessarily an uncomfortable one . 
  i agree . 
  also , i think from the perspective of the french , they do n't really blame the uk for people wanting to get to the uk ... 
   and afaik this is something that can be contested by france at any time should they wish it . 
  either uk or france can terminate le touquet agreement with six months notice . 
  this would make things really interesting within the entente ... 
   full federalism is almost surely the outcome in the long run , though this might take as long as another 100 years . 
  all across the world borders are coming of less and less importance , where continental cooperation is on the rise . 
  this is unprecedented in world history and the general direction has become clear : the world is moving towards more and more unification . 
  i disagree with anyone that argues that history is some kind of predictable inevitable process . 
  time after time those who have made grand predictions about the inevitabilty of history have been proved wrong . 
   i fully agree with how things should have gone according to your description , but this is the failure of politicians across europe , and again not of the eu . 
  when i describe the eu , i include politicians of member states . 
   the entire pseudo-confederal state the eu finds itself in as of 2015 is the direct result of political cowardism , as well as incompetence . 
  and , unfortunately for federalists , it is also the result of growing disenchantment of the various european peoples . 
   i can remember telling you before that the uk is rather alone in this , which results in a field of tension between the uk and by far most of the member states . 
  this is exactly the reason why i think the uk should leave . 
  if nobody has the same vision as the uk , it is pointless us being shacked together . 
   i did n't claim blair did n't start wars . 
  i ca n't work out why you mentioned bombs in the middle east in the context of the end of the blair government then . 
   and the refugee crisis is not `` other countries problems '' . 
  the refugee crisis is a global problem , of course . 
  the uk should be part of that global response . 
  however , that response should not be accepting massive amounts of refugees just because they want to reach the uk , without some clear consideration of the consequences . 
   does the eu still need the uk , given that has more and more become and obstacle within the eu ? 
  no , the eu does n't need the uk , especially if full federalism is the desired outcome of the eu . 
   the very reason the euro had to endure some severe blows over the past few years is similar to the one about the ongoing immigration crisis : lack of central coordination . 
  each and every time there is fuss about transferring fundamental , necessary powers to the eu and the trend seems to be as follows : --  1 ) decline a transfer of powers out of ideological reasons --  2 ) wait for the entire thing to go wrong --  3 ) adjust by doing what was proposed under 1 ) after all ( pragmatism takes over , in other words ) . 
  the correct order for eurozone integration should have been : ( 1 ) create a strong central common political structure with consent of the people ( 2 ) create fiscal transfers ( 3 ) create sngle currency . 
  had it done it in this way ( the difficult steps first , followed by the easy steps ) there would not have been a crisis . 
  oddly , the eurozone is doing things in the opposite order . 
  it is very regrettable that the eu decided to proceed with currency union before putting in place the correct foundations . 
  again , with the schengen zone , the correct order to do things would have been : ( 1 ) create a strong central political structure with the consent of the people ( 2 ) agree a system for strong external border control ( 3 ) remove internal borders once again , the schengenzone seems to be doing these things in reverse order , with unsurprising consequences . 
   what amazes me the most though is that both are n't applicable to the uk , due to it having an opt-out on the euro as well as the fact that the uk still patrols its borders . 
  still there is so much attention to it , while the eu itself is not to blame for it . 
  the uk is in ever closer union with the eu . 
  all eu grandees are determined to press ahead with greater integration . 
  the fact that their flagship projects are collapsing around them just makes them call for ever greater integration . 
  of course , the uk should pay incredibly close attention to this , when it comes to deciding whether or not to stay a member . 
  do we really want the same things as the rest of the eu ? 
  if we just want trade , why do n't we just negotiate a trade deal and let the chips fall where they may . 
  thanks !, 
  i meant border controls . 
  apologies for being vague . 
   because we are in the eu i have a belgian girlfriend . 
  she only dates people that are eu citizens ? 
  wtf ? 
   i 'd say it is rather unimportant in the grander scheme - specifically the uk 's membership of the eu . 
  it is a detail , really - even though we both acknowledge the problem . 
  actually , it is more than a detail . 
  the policy of open borders and the policy of a single currency are the two flagship european projects : nothing defines a country so much as the ability to control ones borders and the ability to control one 's money supply . 
  the fact that both these projects , which the uk stayed out of , are now both starting to show incredible weakness in the face of the first crisis , should surely give even the most ardent europhile in the uk pause for thought . 
  does the eu really know what it is doing ? 
  does the uk really need to be in it any more ? 
  if the eu is putting in place things like a currency and open borders , without proper planning , then can we really trust it ? 
   we will never be able to piss of this many people from the outside . 
  yes , we will . 
  you 've seen nothing yet ... 
   with the end of the blair gov ' t ( maybe a bit later ) , the only impulses out of britain were bombing the shit out of the middle east without reason or strategy . 
  i think you need to check your dates . 
  it was the blair government that was responsible for uk 's participation in most me wars . 
  cameron 's war was libia ( and , whatever the merits of that , it did have a un sanction ) . 
   just standing on the brakes will not garner you more influence in times of crisis . 
  with these current crises , the euro and migration , the uk should not try and get influence over other countries . 
  those countries are able to manage themselves . 
  they do n't need brits telling them how to organise themselves . 
   to be fair , the fence as is , it is infective and likely to create a ton more problems . 
  people are attempting and managing to cross it anyway , and they end up inside hungary and in serious need of medical attention . 
  also , as a sidenote , those trying to cross that fence have already walked in and out of schengen . 
  presumably you think the fence should be made more secure ? 
  or do you not really want schengen borders to be protected ? 
  it will be interesting to see whether this is politically possible or not . 
  obviously , the uk will not be involved in this ( as it has an opt-out of immigration policy and also is not in schengen ) . 
   this should be obvious , and it is appalling that the control of the border of the schengen area has pretty much been left to be the responsibility of those countries at the edge oddly , the one country at the edge of schengen that really made a big effort to control the border by building a fence received massive criticism for doing so . 
  we are now beyond peak eu . 
  schengen is now under an unbearable political strain . 
  [ i noticed that even among french socialists , schengen is being called into question . 
  ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/politique/le-scan/citations/2015/09/02/25002-20150902artfig00078-pour-segolene-royal-schengen-n-est-pas-tabou.php ) when this happens , you know that things are really starting to change . 
  i do n't think the uk 's reputation will change much if we quit the eu . 
   it 's in their own interest to have the eu , they are n't offering charity or help . 
  it is n't in the uk 's interests to have the eu any more . 
  we tried it for a few years , and now hopefully we will quit . 
  uk has an opt-out of quotas on migrants . 
   winter is only a temporary solution . 
  we 'd rather not have a final solution ... 
   i answered your question . 
  i do n't like the cherrypicking . 
  and i think thats the reason the eu has so much bureaucracy and does n't work well . 
  there is not even time to properly implement the rules and laws , because someone wants to re-open negotations again and change them . 
  of course rules and laws should be open to renegotiation and change . 
  that is the normal process of democracy . 
  as for not liking cherry picking , i did n't ask you whether or not you liked it . 
  i asked in what way are you possibly harmed by the uk staying out of the euro and schengen and having its opt outs ? 
   and it also becomes really hard to react in a crisis for the eu , because someone will claim that its not their business ( due to opt-outs ) and even might block a solution or financial aid ( you ca n't use the budget we paid into ) . 
  actually , the opt out means that the uk does not have a vote on things like immigration policy . 
  this means that the rest of the eu can just make a decision without considering the uk .
