  i was responsible for co-ordinating the leave campaign in a london borough . 
  on the day of the referendum in the evening we were in a poor estate which was predominantly leave knocking on doors reminding people to vote . 
  who did we meet , but `` labour - stronger in '' . 
  they were knocking on the same doors as we were . 
  they thought that their traditional labour voters would vote remain - they had not realised that poor labour voters were going leave . 
  remain campaigners were literally helping the leave campaign by ensuring the leave voters went and voted . 
  this bit is a political necessity and not a genuine belief :  `` this does not lead to budgetary cost for european taxpayers . '', 
   the moment he leaves the embassy britain will arrest him and put him on a plane to the us . 
  no we wo n't , we will charge him for breaching his bail conditions , then there will be a tortuous legal process before we put him on a plane to sweden , that country that is well known for torturing people . 
   i really hope imf say fuck off to eu , we have already hurt our credibility a lot in the world . 
  the whole article is basically begging to the imf not to say fuck off to the eu . 
  personally i do not think the imf is ready to say fuck off just yet , we will see . 
  i 'm not sure if you can call it huge for remain . 
  south bucks , aylesbury , surrey heath , milton keynes , bracknell , slough etc all went narrowly for leave ( i.e. 
  national average ) . 
  bbc 's model and various others doing similar statistical analysis predicted ( based on a 50:50 national result ) that birmingham would vote remain , but by a small amount . 
   i had n't even met a leaver how do people manage to live their lives without encountering someone that voted in a different way from them ? 
  perhaps you had met some people who voted leave but they kept it private ? 
  yeah , i remember it because it was expected to be majority remain . 
  birmingham was one of the last places to finish counting , we were already drinking champagne by the time it declared . 
  birmingham had a majority leave vote . 
  i agree with all your analysis , but i do n't agree that this is a `` mess '' . 
  personally i think it is a good thing that there are currently so many snp mps in westminster , as it is a reminder for all those of us who support the union that we should not take it for granted . 
  i also think that those scottish tories need to man up if they want to win more seats . 
  nothing wrong with manning up and we should never fear the ballot box . 
  as a brit is funny reading this discussion between germans and french about their crazy currency union . 
  just make sure that when it ends you do it peacefully . 
   there would be a trade union even without the eu . 
  this sounds sensible to me . 
  call us when you are ready . 
  i disagree on this personally . 
  i think that you will be more fucked if you just let things happen . 
  you will be less fucked if you do things in an organised planned way . 
  but in any case i hope all the best for you . 
   in 2022 we 'll have to take the harsh measures needed to future proof france . 
  why wait ? 
  you vote pretty soon . 
   you are still missing the point . 
  if we fall , the eu falls . 
  no , i completely understand that italy is too big to fail . 
  i completely understand that it would make sense to agree a solution together and that the only way to make the eurozone work is to create a fiscal union . 
  but it does not make sense for you to assume that this will definitely happen . 
  you still need to make a plan in my mind . 
  but again , this is up to you . 
  it is your country . 
  if you prefer your politicians to try and agree a fiscal union with germany and netherlands etc and not to make a plan if they say no , that is your choice . 
  the referendum was technically not about whether or not to stay in euro . 
  there is regular polling from eurobarometer on whether or not greeks want to stay in the euro and from memory a majority always want to stay . 
  there might be other polling i have n't seen . 
  how about debt forgiveness rather than eurobonds ? 
  how would that go down ? 
  ( i know it is illegal , but leaving aside illegality as an obstacle ... ), 
   and they are not being kicked out , they clearly want out . 
  data seems to indicate they want in . 
   nah , i do n't think so . 
  they would have gone bankrupt , like argentina , and they would be still trying to recover . 
  they would have had to default on their debts . 
  if they could have done that in a managed way five years ago , i think that would have helped . 
  [ on this there was a really interesting ft article recently and the imf is now starting to say that greece needs to leave the euro ... ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5sspyi/the_imf_implies_greece_should_have_left_the_euro/ ), 
   so you agree that the union needs to change . 
  this is completely true . 
  everyone accepts this . 
  the difficulty is not accepting that change is needed , it is agreeing what change is needed . 
   there 's no painless way out of the ez , neither for us nor for greece , portugal etc. 
  we need a solution within the ez , not out of it . 
  again , i agree with you that there is no painless way out . 
  i wo n't promise it will be easy . 
  but also , do n't overstate the risks . 
  everyone said that brexit would be impossible , instead it seems fine and we are getting on with it . 
  i think in the case of greece , had they left five years ago , they would be better off by now . 
  as the germans say , it is better to have a horrible end to the eurozone , than to have endless horror within the eurozone . 
  if you can get the eurozone to work , then great , but that can only happen if you can persuade germany , netherlands etc. 
  but if you ca n't , then you need to be prepared to leave it . 
  you just need to make that mental leap - at some stage , if the eurozone does not start to work , we will have to leave it . 
  i know that what i am writing is not what you want to read . 
   i do n't have a plan b because i 'm a common citizen . 
  the ez needs a plan b , otherwise the entire union goes belly up . 
  there 's a big difference in this . 
  sorry - i did n't want to imply that you were responsible for the plan . 
  however , common citizens in my mind need to think about what kind of plan they expect from their governments . 
  if the whole ez does not create a plan b , then the italian government will have to have a strategy and italian voters will need to think about that when they vote . 
   i just hope we can at least find a sensible common ground , in a democratic way . 
  good luck with that . 
   and every single area in scotland voted clearly against brexit . 
  every single counting area in scotland voted against the uk leaving the eu , but that is not the same as every single westminster parliamentary constituency ( for which there were not specific counts ) . 
  he wrote mps not msps . 
  the article that is the subject of the discussion is about mps . 
  given this subject matter , it makes sense to discuss mps . 
  no , you can simply respond to him and say that there was also the msp vote and i would encourage you to do that . 
  just downvoting obviously makes no sense here . 
  he is simply pointing out that there are a lot of eusceptics within scotland and that this voice does not currently have strong representation from scottish mps . 
  these are simply facts . 
  it seems weird to downvote them . 
   and giving others money ( like england does to northern ireland ) is never a great idea . 
  i think fiscal transfers within a currency area are necessary if some parts of that currency area are structurally uncompetitive . 
  obviously , it would be great if northern ireland could compete on a level playing field with london , but this is not necessarily even possible for all kinds of reasons . 
  also , aside from cultural reasons , just the geographic location of some areas makes them less competitive or likely to be impacted by economic shocks in an asymmetric way . 
  take oil prices for example : they rise and fall ( and the price is outside the uk 's control ) but they impact different parts of the uk differently . 
  the amount of money transferred between england and scotland has to be flexible to take account of oil prices , otherwise there are risks of much higher unemployment in some parts compared to others . 
  obviously , fiscal transfers can only operate in the context of strong central democratic institutions and for the peoples to share a sense of common destiny .
