  some people want more power for the eu , others more power for the member states . 
  these interests are opposed . 
  you can not satisfy both of them other than with smoke and mirrors . 
  yes , but the whole eu dynamic adds a massive complication to the secession of scotland debate . 
  the proposition of an independent scotland in the eu with the rest of the uk in the eu strikes me as quite a different prospect from an independent scotland in the eu without the rest of the uk in the eu . 
  i 'm not sure if there has been any specific polling going into details here . 
  are you sure scots want to give up the pound ? 
  i 'm a right wing populist . 
  i like immigration and think that the uk should have high levels of immigration . 
   currency devaluation is equivalent to lower wages or more unemployment ( or rather , a combination of the two ) . 
  no , currency devalutation is n't quite the same as lower wages as a lot of people consume things from domestic markets . 
   now and even after we became one country . 
  this time do n't go via belgium please . 
  i agree that india is more closed and protectionist than i would like and that makes it a bit difficult to deal with . 
  however , if we look at indian recent history , it is on an opening up trend . 
  i think it would be easier for india to deal with the uk than deal with entire eu . 
  ( india does have some ftas with singapore , japan and korea . ), 
   it 's quite interesting to see the reaction to this statement , there still seems to be some major confusion about people who do n't want to see the uk in the eu , but are n't almost entirely focused on immigration ... 
  i get this constantly on this sub . 
  there is a desire to present euscepticism as something regressive or racist or nationalist or something . 
  there are lots of different motivations for wanting to leave the eu and immigration is n't really in my top ten reasons ... 
   by adopting plenty of eu legislation to be part of the single market switzerland is not a full part of the single market and in several areas ( e.g. 
  finance ) it is outside the single market . 
  the point stands , though , you can be outside the eu and do totally fine and you can be inside the eu and do shittily . 
  no , i disagree . 
  the uk did go to war in syria after all . 
  i think it is completely misguided to call the uk islolationist any more than it makes sense to call germany isolationist after germany did not get involved in libia . 
   what about the uk pushing for a conclusion of that agreement ? 
  it surely wo n't be tailored for the uk like a individual fta would be , but it would certainly be better than the current state , do n't you think ? 
  the uk is already pushing for it . 
  the uk always pushes for ftas . 
  however , the process for getting agreement is bat shit crazy . 
   this is accurate , at least concerning the capital requirements . 
  the uk negotiators wanted more flexibility in setting the capital requirements and they especially did not want the eu to have a major say on this ( given your general standpoint , not exactly surprising ) . 
  this was criticised as a ` penalty on weak banks ' by some other countries , being problematic for the inner-eu competition . 
  the uk did eventually pursue with this , after pretty much all other countries had been opposed to this . 
  thanks . 
  your initial claim was :  legal capital requirements for banks in 2012 ( basel iii ) . 
  the uk did not block them completely , but it caused the eu to set lower goals than intended by the other eu governments . 
  however , this is not the case . 
  the uk wanted higher goals and particularly the ability to require british banks be better capitalised . 
  the uk 's position did not cause the eu to set lower goals than they wanted . 
  one of the really unfortunate things about crd4 is that the eu decided to include in this piece of regulation about bank capital , some rules on limiting bank bonuses . 
  this was voted on by the council of ministers with every country voting for a limit apart from the uk . 
  obviously , the uk is the most negatively impacted . 
  this is incredibly poor for a number of reasons . 
  for one thing , legislation about bankers bonuses should not be an eu competence and it certainly should not be within legislation relating to bank capital . 
  also , it is an example of continental europe overriding the wishes of a liberal democracy like the uk . 
  surely the uk parliament should decide how much bankers bonuses should be ? 
  these votes by the rest of continental europe against the uk are motivated mostly by jealousy and lack of understanding . 
  however , it is yet another example of why the uk should leave the eu . 
  surely you agree with me that it makes no sense for the european council of ministers to override the uk parliament and tell banks in the uk how much they can pay in bonuses ? 
  this undermines democracy . 
   are n't the recent deals with china proof that you can accomplish things like this with ` simple ' bilateral talks ? 
  i 'm not saying that you ca n't accomplish anything without ftas , but obviously they are one of the most important tools for international trade which the uk does not have while it is in the eu . 
   you however broadly make the assumtion that a is needed for b. 
  how about trying b first ? 
  a lot of things needed in relation to b ca n't be done because of a. 
  european refugee policy continues to incentivise dangerous journeys and death . 
  shame on us . 
   it does n't , the eu can not stop you from having any benefits system you want . 
  it 's not the eu 's fault the uk is incapable of reform and adaptation to the 21st century . 
  having a universal benefits system is not antiquated , it is progressive . 
  the fact that the uk has a different culture , tradition , legal system , benefits system and paliamentary system from the rest of the eu is simply another reason why we should leave . 
  that way you can become your federal `` superstate '' quicker . 
   go ahead and shoot some deals with them . 
  look what they need . 
  encourage your countrymen to produce to fit these needs . 
  what would be ideal would be a free trade agreement , tailored to reflect the specificities of the uk/indian economies and the uk 's own particular economy which is of course very different from the german economy because we have different comparative advantanges to you . 
   the uk wo n't turn into germany either if you leave the eu . 
  i think it is wrong to believe that leaving the eu is a universal fix for all your problems . 
  if other countries can trade more , what hinders you ? 
  the point is not that leaving the eu is sufficient to fix problems . 
  it is that leaving the eu is necessary to fix problems . 
  just because other things are also necessary , that does not mean that we should n't do one of the necessary things . 
   migration from non-eu countries is higher than from the eu and your government is trying its best to reduce the influx from both origins ( eu and non-eu ) . 
  and my points remains - you are not using your full potential in your trade relationships , immigration or not . 
  the rules that non-eu migrants go through are for more onerous than those for eu migrants . 
  we should equalise the rules . 
   and my points remains - you are not using your full potential in your trade relationships , immigration or not . 
  you have not shown that the uk is not currently using its full potential for trade . 
  the fact that germany trades more than the uk is n't evidence because the uk is not germany and we ca n't just wave a wand and change the uk into germany any more than we can change greece into germany and get it to fit into the single currency . 
   well , the uk is a lot less exposed to russia than e.g. 
  germany . 
  we have lost more than twice your total annual trade with russia already due to the sanctions . 
  of course , it will be easier for you to enforce harsher sanctions . 
  unless we really see the uk being ` constrained ' ( which is not the case ) , there is no point complaining about it . 
  the point here is that foreign relations are increasingly an eu competence . 
  this necessarily promotes the uk 's relationship with the eu at the expense of other relationships . 
   did n't we have a lengthy talk about this topic a few months ago ? 
  trade agreements and bits are declared a eu competence in 207 tfeu . 
  at least concerning bits , the countries were free to open talks with other countries until december 1 , 2009 . 
  1219/2012 ( 7 ) we did discuss this , but i do n't think we answered the question of when the uk stopped being able to to enter ftas on a bilateral basis . 
   to which the logical answer would be to reform the uk benefits system . 
  the uk should decide for itself whether it wants a benefits system based on contribution or one based on need . 
  obviously , to the extent that being in the eu undermines our choice of benefits system , then we should leave the eu . 
   now that is a real structural problem that needs reforming . 
  and by ` reforming ' i mean total elimination of farm subsidies/cap and a redirection of said funds ( majority share of eu 5-year budget ) into cohesion/integration ( infrastructure , rail connections , bridges , roads , etc ) . 
  personally i would just eliminate it and then let the member states decide what they want to do with their savings . 
  some might just want to reduce taxation others might want to spend it on national priorities .
