  as i mentioned in the other thread , the most revealing statistic in my mind is that [ currently more french people seem to want marine to be president rather than francois ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/politique/2014/09/05/01002-20140905artfig00167-sondage-marine-le-pen-en-tete-de-la-presidentielle-dans-tous-les-cas-de-figure.php ) . 
  this is a phenomenal thing to have happened in only two years . 
  here was me thinking that it is the uk that is killing the european dream : i 'm starting not to be sure if it is n't actually the french ,, 
  apologies for the french - i could n't see an english language source for this . 
  the way things currently are , it is hard to see le pen not being in the final round of the french presidential election . 
  it is also very hard to see any candidate from the left making it into the final round . 
  it is still a few years away , but this is going to have a massive impact across europe . 
  edit - even more noteworthy is that it seems that if le pen is in the final round against hollande , le pen would win ( something that the polls have never previously shown ) . 
  any french in here have thoughts on this ? 
  i 'm assuming that there is no chance of hollande being in the final round no matter who the ump 's candidate is , so this is a bit academic . 
   had britain and france launched an attack on germany from the west when germany invaded poland , the entire war would have been ended quickly and countless millions of lives would have been saved . 
  i think we can agree that with the benefit of hindsight we would advise britain and france to have executed the war differently : as you suggest , getting prepared for war and attacking germany at an earlier stage would probably have lead to a better outcome and of course this is something that both britain and france regret . 
  unfortunately in 1939 this was not so obvious and we did not have the benefit of this hindsight . 
  the way things were to play out was extremely unpredictable . 
   however , encouraging or praising acts of violence , i do understand that it 's punished . 
  whether that 's what dieudonn\u00e9 did here remains to be seen really . 
  in my view what he did here should not be punishable by the law . 
  obviously it is in very poor taste and it will be condemned in the court of public opinion . 
  yes , i do . 
  we also knew at the time that it was an evil force . 
  we should not be casually dismissive of their deaths now . 
  they were fighting an evil force and they knew it . 
  it really is not nationalism to point this out . 
  obviously , they would much rather not have been involved at all . 
  the fact that they were regular people is even more reason why we should not be casually dismissive of their deaths . 
   they were far from ` honourable ' deaths . 
  they were war time deaths , simple as that . 
  they were war time deaths , but that does not make them not honourable . 
  they were honourable because they died in pursuit of a greater good and to defeat an evil force . 
   saying its offensive is a complaint , ie ; that they 're wrong or should n't be saying that . 
  yes , it is offensive . 
   he did n't make a rather nationalistic and overly emotional appeal over wartime deaths , which is why i 'm mentioning it to you . 
  they were wartime deaths . 
  i 'm not really sure why you think that stating this fact is nationalistic or overly emotional . 
  i ca n't see anything nationalistic . 
   british and french soldiers did n't die for poland , they died for the uk and for france . 
  they also died to to try and stop a tyrant taking over europe . 
  the fact that britain and france did not want a tyrant taking over europe ( and thus they also died for britain and france ) should not take anything away from the honourable purpose . 
   hence why it 's not offensive to say that they were sold down the river by the uk , despite common british nationalistic rhetoric about how they fought for poland . 
  i 'm afraid britain could not have done much differently . 
   that complaining and saying ` it 's offensive because british soldiers died ' is not an argument , it 's you saying you found it offensive . 
  i 'm not complaining or making an argument , i 'm just saying it is offensive . 
   they could equally take offence for western betrayal at yalta after polish soldiers that died in the battle of britain for the uk . 
  it seems like he is very offended . 
  perhaps you should also mention the same points that you have made to me also to him ? 
   but that 's beside the point , because those british soldiers did n't die for polish interests . 
  they died for british interests . 
  british interests in ww2 were essentially honourable ones . 
  being dismissive about their deaths is offensive . 
   as opposed to churchill selling poland down the river at yalta , after polish soldiers fought and died in the bob ? 
  sentiments of ` offensive considering the lives lost by [ x ] ' are pointless . 
  countries act in countries interests . 
  shit happens and you deal with it . 
  i 've no idea what you 're trying to say . 
  one of the main reasons why we think we have to help poland now is because we think we were wrong not to help sudentenland , even though we did not have a formal alliance with them . 
  we learn from our mistakes . 
   if the world could just make up its mind , you know . 
  the world changes and thus our response to questions of security must change too . 
  i 'm not claiming it is out of philanthropy , just that this would be happening whether or not we were in the eu , just as other non-eu countries , us , canada and norway are also involved in polish and baltic security . 
   complaining that the french/british did not do enough is just presumptuous . 
  and it is also somewhat offensive considering the lives lost by britain and france . 
  personally i think that the uk would be committed to this whether or not we were in a union with poland ( just as the uk was committed to protecting belgium in ww1 and poland in ww2 etc. . . ), 
   but i do n't understand why does uk want the strong reaction instead of trying to difuse the problem like the rest of western europe with symbolic measures and considerate words the time for symbolic measures and considerate words has , unfortunately , passed . 
  obviously , poland and baltics are most concerned because they are closest to russia and have experienced history of russian aggression . 
  my understanding is that the position of the romanian government is close to that of poland and the balts . 
  however , the vast majority of the west is very concerned about russia 's incursions in ukraine which is why the eu and the us , canada and norway have all sanctioned russia . 
  personally i think the uk needs to take the russian threat very seriously and is quite right to lead a joint taskforce in poland . 
  he did use a smiley face ... 
   the uk love war , it reminds them of their past greatness . 
  they spend 2.3 % of their gdp on it , compared to germany 's 1.4 % for example . 
  the uk does not love war , but the uk , conscious of the threat to european security , is committed to meeting its nato defence target . 
  it is a shame that germany does not pay its share . 
   so no surprises there . 
  the rest of europe would be happy to let the ukraine and russia sort it out among themselves . 
  where have you been ? 
  poland , latvia , lithuania , estonia , romania want to have a word with you ... 
  the point is that both the uk and france are committed to nato . 
  your post indicates that europe should declare war on russia without regard to nato . 
  the only two serious militiaries in europe would not do that . 
   where do you see that data ? 
  from the linked table i see that quarter after quarter germany is 10k ( 33 % ) higher than the uk . 
  german employment went from 39.559 million in q1 2012 to 40.311 million in q1 2014 or an increase in 0.752 million . 
  in the same period the uk created 1.123 million jobs . 
   and how many of those uk jobs are zero hour contracts ? 
  [ most of them are fulltime jobs . 
  your graph stops more than a year ago . 
  [ the data from the previous year shows a massive fall in unemployment in the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/10604117 ), 
  from the data in eurostat in the last two years germany has created 0.752 million jobs , the next best in the eu after the uk 's 1.123 million jobs . 
  because germany and the uk both have liberal approaches to their economies , germany is so keen ( more than most countries ) not to lose the uk . 
  without the uk ( and the uk 's contribution to the budget ) in the eu , germany will have to contribute even more . 
  and germany will even more be subject to the threat of protectionism from the latins . 
   europe not nato should deploy troops in ukraine and kick russia \u00b4 s ass ... europe should declare war on russia ... 
  they won \u00b4 t use nuclear weapons because we too can use them . 
  europe does n't have nuclear . 
  the uk and france have nuclear . 
  brits contribute the troops , poland contribute the land and germany contributes the money and builds the highways . 
  that way we all get to do what we 're good at ... 
   they want poland to get the money , and germany to pay for it . 
  ftfy .
