  i am just looking at economic growth figures in the eu compared to other parts of the world . 
   scottish people did vote to remain in the eu . 
  that was not a vote about scotland specifically , it was a vote about the uk . 
  scotland being an independent county in the eu was not on the ballot . 
   we talking about a majority of eligible voters or a majority of votes cast ? 
  i think a majority of votes cast makes most sense . 
   or does the snp have to hold a majority of seats in holyrood ? 
  i am talking about the general election in the uk , not in the next scottish election . 
   what about other , fringe parties that might also support independence ? 
  and independent candidates . 
  if they 're not a member of a party , despite supporting independence , then do they count ? 
  the votes for con/lab/libdem / ukip will be more than 50 % of votes in scotland in the uk general election is my prediction . 
  yes , it is . 
  in fact , there are very active and large betting markets on elections . 
   the snp was voted in in the last ge by a landslide based on the manifesto that they will call another referendum if there is material change to circumstance , specifically mentioning one such example being dragged out of eu against their will !, 
  the snp did not get a majority in the last scottish election . 
  we will see how well snp do in the uk general election in the next uk general election next month . 
  obviously , the uk government should listen to scottish voters . 
  if a majority of scottish votes vote for parties that are against scottish independence and against another referendum , the uk government will have to listen to them . 
  hopefully sturgeon will listen to them too . 
   uk wants to give advantage to every company . 
  eu do n't . 
  if uk and eu want to regulate differently , then obviously they should not be in a union . 
   the answer wo n't be to downgrade every legislation about workers right or environment protection to uk levels . 
  much more easy to not have free trade with the uk , keep the laws and make a trade agreement that favorites the eu as much as possible . 
  so , protectionism . 
  this was exactly why it made sense for the uk to leave the eu , so that we can commit to free trade . 
  however , do n't be surprised when italy continues to have low growth and high unemployment . 
   again this does n't address the problem . 
  if uk rules change and eu do n't , uk rules could give an unfair advantage to the uk companies . 
  why would the uk be protectionist ? 
  uk is committed to free trade . 
  uk wants to give advantages to every company . 
  hopefully you start giving good advantages to companies too . 
  that would be fantastic for your economy . 
  competition is a wonderful thing . 
   so even if we make our rules `` more competitive '' uk can always change its rules and give again some unfair advantage to its companies . 
  yes , being in democracies mean that laws can change . 
  that is normal and a good thing . 
  be happy about that . 
  and laws are accountable to the electorate . 
  but the uk has been committed not to being protectionist . 
  we do n't want to give specific advantages to uk companies , we want all companies in the world to be able to trade freely with uk consumers . 
  so italian companies will also have easy access to the uk and find doing business in the uk easy . 
   false . 
  for example if it gives an unfair advantage to the uk companies that do n't have to follow the eu rules . 
  if your rules are not competitive , feel free to make them more competitive . 
  that would be great for everyone . 
  i am happy for you to regulate yourself how you want , but obviously given your unemployment problems i think it makes sense for you to commit to pro market legislation . 
   i think it 's a bit early to say that . 
  i am more than happy to put my money where my mouth is . 
  how much do you want to bet on this ? 
   which was based on the premise that scotland would be part of the eu . 
  at the time of the scottish referendum , the cameron had already committed to a referendum on eu membership . 
   why do you people act intentionally dense ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  do you just like being contrarian for fun ? 
  it 's useless talking to people like you honestly . 
  i am not being contrarian . 
  i am pointing out the simple reality that scottish people do not want to be in the eu . 
  we are just about to have a general election in which the majority of scottish people will vote for parties committed to staying in the uk . 
  there is n't going to be another scottish independence referendum in the foreseeable future because the scottish people do n't want one . 
   to be fair they voted on it before the uk decided to leave the eu . 
  and we are just about to have a general election in the uk in which the majority of scottish people will vote for political parties committed to the uk . 
  and we know that most scottish people do not want another referendum . 
   things change . 
  free trade is convenient for everyone . 
  the fact that the eu is not committed to free trade is one of the reasons why we were right to leave . 
  but we already know that scotland does not want to be independent . 
  they had a referendum about it . 
   so its not quite fair to say she is not talking for scotland but we know what scottish people want because they had a referendum on staying in the uk and voted on it . 
  we are also about to see a general election in the uk in which a majority of scottish people vote for parties committed to staying in the uk . 
  sturgeon should accept this reality . 
   they want to be a full member she is talking for herself , not for scotland . 
  scottish people want to be in the uk , not the eu . 
  uk will offer free trade . 
  thanks , you too . 
   no benefits for the uk uk will be in charge of its own regulatory framework , this is a success . 
   even puts its own existence into question as scottish independence makes a comeback scottish independence is now less likely than before the eu referendum ,, 
   ireland is part of the eu , you do n't trade with individual countries you trade with the block . 
  these are the rules . 
  just because you do n't like them does n't mean they are not there . 
  the eu can freely trade with the uk . 
  if the eu does not want free trade with the uk , this is not the uk 's fault . 
   for this to happens ireland would need to exit from the eu . 
  of course ireland will prefer free trade with other 26 countries than just with 1 . 
  the eu could freely trade with the uk . 
  scotland being in the eu without the uk being in the eu is not the status quo . 
  the uk wants free trade with ireland . 
  if ireland does not want free trade with the uk that is not the uk 's fault . 
  brexiteers are n't longing for the empire . 
  please stop with this nonsense . 
  the uk is n't irrelevant . 
  we brexiteers are n't lashing out . 
  we are delighted to leave the eu . 
  you guys seem to be lashing out . 
  no - the uk wants to continue free trade with ireland . 
  the question was whether or not the uk should remain in the eu , not about an independent scotland being in the eu . 
  we are not entertaining the idea of introducing tariffs . 
  we are going to reduce them , becoming more open .
