  if you are cypriot living in uk , you can vote in the european elections . 
  depending on how long you have been living in the uk , you can become a uk national pretty easily and vote in uk elections . 
  if you are british , living in cyprus , you can vote in the uk elections , provided you left uk within the last 15 years . 
  if there is new evidence then arguably there is a rationale for a second trial . 
  but procedural errors ? 
  surely the prosecution should ensure that there are no procedural errors the first time round . 
  i 'm also not surprised they are on the black market . 
  i am sure i would be too in a similar circumstance . 
  living in london , every day i come across spanish economic refugees . 
  the tragic thing is that they all say the same thing : `` spain has no future '' . 
  this really does not reflect well on italian justice . 
  has substantially new evidence come to light ? 
   there has never been such a thing as a commuist society , hence , no one can have suffered under one . 
  there have been various attempts at communism though . 
  and none of them have been too pretty . 
  thanks , this answer is helpful . 
  looking on wikipedia , it does seem that some of their policies are close to revolutionary socialism . 
  it is hard to why people might bote for them , though your theory seems likely . 
  coming from the uk , where virtually nobody ever votes for revolutionary socialism , it always surprises me when i find out how much more widespread it is as an ideology in continental europe . 
  ( i think denmark just about counts as continental europe ... ), 
   some bureaucrat who wanted to find a way to fill eu coffers . 
  its frankly embarrassing that no politician takes responsibility for policy failures such as these . 
  even if a bureaucrat is responsible for the detail , an elected politician should be fronting this policy and take responsibility when it goes wrong . 
  agree . 
  ridiculous policy . 
  who comes up with ridiculous policy like this ? 
   a lot of people need and want ... ... revolutionary socialism . 
  really ? 
  there are a lot of danes who want revolutionary socialism ?!, 
  like , what percent of danish people want this ? 
   what ? 
  is that real ? 
  so basically a brit ca n't vote in any uk elections while he is abroad ? 
  what is this , some nazi approach where if you leave a country you are basically abandoned ? 
  no , [ the law is that british people can vote in uk elections for 15 years ] ( http://www.electoralcommission.org.uk/faq/voting-and-registration/can-i-still-vote-if-i-move-overseas ) after they leave the uk . 
   no , we are too small . 
  the only thing we can do is leave which i 'll be voting for . 
  there are some times when the uk ( together with our friends in sweden , netherlands and denmark ) can join together to make changes to the eu for the better . 
  a good example of this is the [ eu budget negotiations ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20392793 ) . 
  without support of netherlands and sweden , the uk would have vetoed the budget and it is likely that the eu would have tried to [ ignore uk 's veto ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0927ada8-3196-11e2-b68b-00144feabdc0.html#axzz2rt4pluoq ) and work on a budget without the uk . 
  the uk negotiators met with netherlands and sweden beforehand and the agreement was that netherlands and sweden would actually ask for double the reduction in budget that the uk was asking for , so that the uk could appear to be more conciliatory and so that the uk could say to the commission that its position was not extreme . 
  amazingly , this tactic worked , but i think it only worked because the french negotiated badly and the uk/sweden/netherlands alliance managed to get a sympathetic hearing from germany . 
  i 'm not sure if uk/sweden/netherlands are always going to be able to win battles like this and i think this euro-realism block of nations is not going to be able to make much progress long-term . 
  good luck to sweden with the negotiations once uk quits !, 
  you 're going to need it !, 
  start practising the veto !, 
  i agree that they are having a very tough time in spain right now and i do feel sorry for them . 
  however , what did they think was going to happen when they joined the euro ? 
  the ruin of the peripheral economies was not just predictable . 
  [ it was also predicted ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/peteroborne/100064330/margaret-thatcher-knew-the-single-currency-would-devastate-europe/ ) . 
  thanks for the clarification that there are n't starving people in spain . 
  i agree with you . 
   i mean , it is certainly very unfair towards the citizens of the high taxed , tax paying countries . 
  they do the right thing , and end up paying for corrupt countries . 
  however , i blame the goverments of the tax paying countries ( and the citizens of those people who vote for those governments ) for this rather than the eu . 
  these governments are choosing to be part of a system that grants massive subsidies in a corrupt fashion and the electorate are consenting to this by voting for those governments . 
  perhaps you think that the system can be reformed and improved ? 
  ( personally i think the only solution is to stop being part of the system . 
  luckily in the [ uk we have managed to get a rebate ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4721307.stm ) . 
  though of course , the very fact that we need a rebate shows just how poor the system is . ), 
   i do n't really see the eu doing anything about that either . 
  do n't give the commission any ideas . 
  i think it is a good thing that taxation levels are the responsibility of national governments and not the responsibility of the eu . 
  any newspaper sources for people starving in spain ? 
  ( i 'm not saying you 're wrong , i just think that if there were people who were starving then there would be newspaper coverage of it . ), 
  agreed - this belief does strike me as somewhat delusional . 
  who gets to vote in the national elections of member states strikes me as the business of those member states ( and not really the business of the european commission ) . 
  spain has no real eu sceptic party . 
  i do n't really follow portuguese politics , but i think it is similar to spain in that respect . 
  in italy the m5s could do great , but they are so unusual that it is very difficult to predict . 
  sounds like lega nord will lose seats . 
  i suspect that the eusceptic vote will be somewhat stronger than this article argues , at least in uk , france , germany , netherlands , sweden , denmark , austria , greece . 
  farage is part of the europe of freedom and democracy political grouping . 
  which of the candidates do n't speak english ? 
  i expect they all do . 
  stanishev clearly had a conflict of interests , but it does n't sound as if schulz was much involved . 
  it will also be interesting to find out where the debate takes place , who will be in the audience etc and who will chair the debate . 
  presumably the debate will have to be chaired in english and the participants will debate in english ? 
  anything else might interfere with a seamless television experience !, 
  political junkies like me will watch it in any event , but i do not see the british public being interested in this . 
  hopefully farage is in the debate too . 
  i still disagree . 
  a university of all places is a place where people should be allowed to think freely without ideas being policed and some opinions being verboten . 
  the only limits on free speech should be those imposed by the law . 
  if people spread nazi propaganda , the best way to way to counter it is to argue against it . 
  i think it is a waste of limited university resources to spend money trying to police this . 
  i disagree - a university is a place where there should not be limits on ideas or a prescribed set of beliefs . 
  the best way to deal with neonazi ideology is to use reasoned arguments to explain what is wrong with it . 
  it will be interesting to see if they decide to debate in english and also to see if any sceptics participate . 
  yes , but the conditions of life in the uk are pretty well known , in particular the high cost of accommodation , the nature of accommodation and what rights employees have ( which seem to be the problems that he/she is describing ) . 
  these things are not a secret . 
  it would have been easy for him/her to research these things on the internet or contact one of the many other polish people to find out about life in the uk . 
  if he/she did not want these things , moving to the uk seems a surprising choice . 
  you 're right - jerusalem is fantastic to music and much better than `` god save the queen '' which is terribly dreary/staid . 
  england does need an anthem for sporting events and particularly rugby and `` jerusalem '' is great for that , what with sport being in someways akin to a mystical/religious activity , with sporting battles being just as much against oneself as one 's adversary !, 
  i have to admit to preferring shakespeare 's dramatic , fighting and proud lines to blake 's . 
  the words like `` sceptered '' and `` fortress '' and `` moat '' describe england 's relationship with continental europe ( a place full of `` infection and the hand of war '' ) , while `` eden '' and `` demi-paradise '' describe england 's view of herself . 
  blake is a bit more mystical , but much softer and perhaps things like `` green and pleasant land '' does better describe england 's countryside . 
  but blake does n't really talk about the english being an island people with a complex relationship with the continent . 
  and in my view this is too important to miss out .
