  the rest of the eu will not unify against the uk . 
  each different country will have a different position . 
  it really will not be in the interests of countries like ireland , netherlands and germany will be to have good relations with the uk . 
  the eu has found it almost impossible to unify against russia and russia has annexed ukraine . 
  the rest of the eu will not even be able to work out where it wants its financial centre to be . 
  there are no good arguments for paris over amsterdam over frankfurt . 
  capital is global and the uk should therefore try a global strategy . 
  the eu might try protectionism . 
  but the netherlands will suffer if it does . 
  london already is n't europe 's financial centre . 
  it is a global financial centre . 
  the globe is bigger than europe and the uk needs to avoid the burden of european legislation to attract global capital . 
  if in the uk we have to choose between '' [ europe and the open sea ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2010/jun/16/de-gaulle-churchill-message-cameron-sarkozy ) '' , as churchill said , we must always choose the open sea . 
   it will make our position in the eu much , much worse . 
  when it comes to european politics , the uk and the netherlands are big allies . 
  we have similar economies ( international trade & finance ) , similar beliefs in economic policies and restrictions ( manage your damn budget ) , and an similar dislike of micromanagement . 
  i agree , we are big allies and thus it will be sad for us to leave there . 
  the netherlands is one of the very few things keeping the uk in the eu at the moment . 
  however , unfortunately the uk and the netherlands are not really in a majority so we must be realistic . 
   if the uk would leave the eu we would lose an important allie , and would be left with germany . 
  the only benefit would be that large ( financial ) companies would be more likely to leave london and settle in amsterdam . 
  we will see about that . 
  this partly depends on the divorce and how the uk re-establishes itself in its relations with the rest of the world . 
  it is the rest of the world that is the future now . 
  the eu has stopped growing economically : the problems with the eurozone and high unemployment and deflation are now permanent . 
  the uk should not be afraid of saying goodbye to europe and hello to the rest of the world . 
   is n't this the point of the rebate ? 
  that the eu does n't have to ask it just has to withhold the uk is a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  the eu ca n't withhold money from the uk when the money is being provided by the uk . 
   i do n't think the uk gets a chance to leave . 
  i think it 's more likely france and germany will kick the uk out of the eu before they get a chance to hold a referendum . 
  the uk simply is n't a team player , and the rest of europe is annoyed with the uk constantly claiming to be the victim . 
  i do n't care about the process , provided that the outcome is a brexit . 
  if france and germany kick out the uk , that would be very good . 
   after that happens , it 's just a matter of time before the lunatics like lepen , wilders and grillo fuck up what 's left of it . 
  europe is being plagued by weak leaders , with cameron and hollande as the two worst . 
  who knows what will happen once the uk leaves . 
  it will certainly make life interesting for the netherlands . 
   by the way , this saddens me enormously . 
  i find it terrible that the uk does n't consider it 's role in eu vital for it 's succes . 
  there is constant talk about france and germany both deciding for all of the eu . 
  but the uk is letting them do that by being a drama queen and unreasonably sceptical about everything concerning brussels . 
  the uk is going to be leaving . 
  it is no longer a question of `` if '' , it is a question of `` when '' . 
  relations between the uk and reu have now broken down irretreivably . 
  we are never going to commit to joining the euro and we will never agree to become a full fereration , which is the direction the reu is going in . 
  leaving is the best option for us and it will make relations much better ( in the long term ) . 
  you do n't need to be sad , you can be happy . 
  we both get what we want . 
  we get sovereignty . 
  you get a federal europe . 
  everyone wins . 
   then , the same ft article states that the british government was informed a week ago , so we can all speculate why they are now feigning surprise and outrage . 
  it is to be expected that the other governments have also been informed in time . 
  whether the uk government was informed a week ago or whether it was informed a day ago is neither here nor there . 
  in either case it does not give the uk government time to find gbp1 .7 bn . 
   it is to be expected that the other governments have also been informed in time . 
  though it does make it a bit surpring that this only came to light now . 
  if 28 governments were told this a week ago , it seems odd that this only came to light now . 
  personally i would have thought it would have been better had the european commission simply published this , entirely transparently . 
   what would surprise me is if they had condemned the other recalculations that apparently were to their country 's benefit . 
  all reports indicate that those re-calculations were of an order of magnitude smaller than these ones . 
   this is n't about changes to the economic performance of anyone , just a communally agreed harmonisation of the way we measure said economic performance . 
  all changes stem from accounting discrepancies that are now resolved , not actual economic changes . 
  given that there does n't appear to be any official publication from the european commission on how the numbers have been calculated and the period in time they reflect , i am surprised that you are so confident . 
  if this simply related to how wealth was measured , rather than the increase of wealth ( as you claim ) then it is extremely irresponsible of the european commission to state to the ft : `` britain 's contribution reflects an increase in wealth , just as in britain you pay more to the inland revenue if your earnings go up '' . 
  it also demonstrates political incompetence of the european commission of the higest order , given that this appears to have come as an `` unpleasant surprise '' to national governments , like the netherlands . 
  in the uk , i see that the labour party , the liberal democrat party , the conservative party and ukip have all condemned this re-caculation and this is somewhat interesting and may mean that cameron 's hand will be entiredly forced and he will now have to play hardball with in the council of ministers ( which is obviously to be welcomed ) . 
  public is exactly the right place for this discussion , in my mind . 
  however , it is very unclear what renzi knows that is n't in the public domain ( and thus whether there will be any interesting fall-out or not ) . 
   the eurozone contributes 50bn more to the eu budget than it takes out and the netherlands are actually a eurozone country that is also set to contribute more due to the recalculation . 
  so you are looking at net contributions in terms of the eurozone as a whole , which is fine . 
  but then you are looking at recalulations in terms of the netherlands . 
  obviously , the interesting question is the position of the eurozone as a whole in terms of the re-calculation . 
  is the eurozone contributing more as a result of the re-caculation ? 
  or less ? 
   i know some fairly basic french , although i am one of those people who finds languages very difficult to pick up without constant exposure to it . 
  i need to find a nicely structured language course if i can . 
  skill wise , i have a 2:1 honours degree in geology and a year of gis working experience . 
  not sure what i can do with that , finding a job here in the uk is hard enough without my language problem playing against me . 
  i do n't know much about the gis field unfortunately . 
  however , i would have thought that you could transition into the energy sector easily . 
  however , your job prospects are going to be much better in the uk ( or perhaps us/canada ) than the eu unless you start getting some real experience and real language skills soon . 
  it would make more sense to have uk experience before moving abroad . 
   as has been pointed out greece is also one of the countries that end up paying more to the eu and that 's because their numbers are actually better than they were estimated , if the numbers were relative to everybody else in the eu that would n't have been the case , since greece is in the shitter economically . 
  i do n't think that is quite conclusive myself . 
  the calculations could have a double-relativity in them . 
  for example , the adjustment to the greek contribution could be calculated by reference to both ( i ) how well the greek economy has performed relative to expectations of how well it would perform and ( ii ) how well it has performed relative to the performance of other economies . 
   i 'm going to be cynical and say that i doubt that was a mistake , blaming the ez for britain having to pay more is a much better narrative than saying `` our economy is doing better than expected , as such the share of the money we have to send to the eu also went up . '', 
  yes , in the torygraph that might well be the angle . 
  but this is the ft , who generally take a strongly proeu editorial line and pride themselves on quality journalism and good grasp of economics . 
  perhaps they were wrong on this one , but at the moment the jury is out . 
   if there is a ukip coalition in the future , i need to put serious consideration into moving to the continent ... once i know how best to apply for jobs outside the uk . 
  what languages do you speak ? 
  what skills do you have ? 
   thank god we were separated , it would have been unbearable otherwise . 
  yes , separation has been good for both of us . 
  [ the last 1,000 years have been somewhat fun , though ;-) ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ), 
   it 's not really just france problem , the same way the boats full of migrants that sometime sink and leave dead bodies on the beaches of lampedusa are not just lampedusa 's problem . 
  it 's europe 's problem .
