  that is the wonderful thing about democracy : you can not predict its outcomes and a sovereign people are free to change its mind . 
   the author is an expert of eu law , has written numerous books and extensive experience . 
  that is obvious sufficient grounds for brexiteers to reject his expert opinion , without any reason whatsoever . 
  after all , experts are always wrong we should not automatically accept arguments made by experts any more than we should automatically reject them . 
  to do either is a triumph of anti-intellectualism . 
  instead we should debate the merits of an argument , letting it stand on its own two feet . 
  play the ball , not the man . 
   in the process , may ( unelected ) the uk has a tradition of pms changing mid-term without new elections . 
  this is how brown became pm and also major . 
  it is part of our constitution . 
   just announced that she will carry a policy that is completely at odds with the one people voted for in the general election . 
  this is greece / russia level stuff . 
  which policy ? 
   the financial industry does not care about the treasury . 
  the successors to the fsa ( pra/fca ) are not and never were well regarded . 
  likewise for the boe . 
  not too harmful is a better description . 
  the financial industry does care about hmt because it writes fundamental pieces of uk regulation and advises the government on policy relating to it . 
  do you have a background in financial services out of interest ? 
  i do n't know anyone in the industry that does not hold the pra in high regard . 
   in reality , most american deals are done in the americas , most asian deals in asia , and most european deals in europe . 
  the perception that the uk left europe will mean people do not think of the uk when they want a financial service involving europe . 
  the fact the uk is less and less likely to get passporting rights will only make things worse . 
  this is becoming less and less of the case all the time . 
  if you are a french borrower , you do n't just look in the eu , you look all round the world . 
  same as if you are a german bank , you do trades all round the world . 
  which particular p, 
   well you just lost the `` stable political culture '' , i do n't think we did . 
  look at the people in government now , theresa may is pm , philip hammond is chancellor , rudd is home secretary , johnson is foreign secretary . 
  it is a conservative government , a political party that is hundreds of years old . 
   `` respected regulator '' ( not sure it ever that one though ) , which respected regulator do you think we just lost ? 
  i think the boe/pra are very good regulators , the fca is getting better ( but not as good as i would like ) and hmt is very good . 
  but where is better ? 
  we know that there are eu countries without any financial services industries at all . 
  and we know that there are non-eu countries with massive financial services industries . 
  eu membership on its own is not a factor . 
  the fundamental truth about capitalism is that it is global and nothing is more global than financial services ( which are basically trades in risk , information and capital ) . 
  there is nothing really that restricts them to the eu . 
   access to europe will change though , pretending it wo n't make a difference it 's naive to say the least . 
  i 'm really not worried about this . 
  how the eu wants to deal with financial services and global capitalism is a question for the eu and its own democratic processes and the wishes of its citizens . 
  personally i am interested in how the uk deals with these questions and what i think works in terms of financial regulation . 
  i do n't think what the eu does is quite right and that is why i want changes . 
  the key thing in my mind is that the uk remains open to global capitalism from the whole globe . 
  if the eu does not want to be open is its own choice . 
   there is a democratic concern : a parliamentary act will introduce the entirety of eu law into british law , but it will be up to government to introduce the appropriate amendments . 
  in fact , whatever role is finally assigned to parliament will be secondary , i do n't think that the type of amendments required are generally going to be very controversial ( in my own field of expertise they will be relatively administrative ) . 
  i also think parliament can and have a debate and a vote on an approach that the government should take when it comes to the amendments . 
  if parliament does not like the great repeal act , it is free to vote against it . 
   it will be easy to sweep the acquis inside the british legal system in one go , but keeping it updated on a daily basis will be a challenge , if not a nightmare . 
  i do n't think that the uk will keep it updated ( other than in circumstances in which the eu regulation mirrors a global standard ) , but instead will over the years and in accordance with british democracy make changes to it . 
  the uk is unlikely to stay in the single market . 
  i want a hard brexit . 
   so you get spams upon spams of great new about the uk economy ( biggest growth of europe according to imf ) and then there 's doomspells . 
  personally i do n't think the uk should particularly worry about the exchange rate . 
  other economic indicators such as employment , gdp growth and inflation are all much more relevant . 
  the whole point of the uk having its own currency and the government not having a policy on what the exchange rate should be is to allow it to go up and down . 
  uk has learnt in the past that it is a mistake to try and fix exchange rates . 
  why ? 
  think of the reasons why financial services are currently in the uk . 
  it is primarily because of common law , english language , cultural offerings of london , time-zone , tax regime , stable political culture , respected regulators , high concentration of professional advisors . 
  none of these things have changed . 
  this is a fairly poorly written article . 
  what is the point of continuing to campaign for remain ? 
  it makes far more sense to work out how to make brexit a success . 
  not just italian ships . 
  british ships are also helping rescue migrants and take them to italy . 
  other countries are also helping . 
  also , there would be fewer deaths . 
   if they use their democratic rights , within the law to get for example a second referendum and then win that , surely that 's democratic ? 
  fortunately there seems to be no appetite in the british public or parliament for another referendum . 
  because , you know , what would another referendum achieve ? 
  if we voted `` leave '' again , as seems likely , would we have to have a third referendum ? 
  and if we voted `` remain '' , then leave would call for another one again . 
  this is not a tennis match . 
   the way to compete with bangladeshi wages is bangladeshi wages . 
  if that 's your idea of `` helping british consumers '' ... 
  the uk can not out-compete bangladesh on wages any more than it can out-compete portugal or lithuania in wages . 
  but this economic truism does not mean that the uk should impose tariffs on any of these countries . 
  instead it means that the uk should focus on areas where it has a comparative advantage . 
  this is just another of the wonderful things about brexit . 
  once we leave the eu farage will no longer be an elected representative . 
   and you do n't have an idea of how much it saddens me ... 
  i sort of have an idea as despite being this sub 's strongest euphobe , i have loads of italian friends and many of them are very politically minded . 
  i find the politics of italy incredibly interesting actually . 
  one of the sad things is that there seems to be an increasing acceptance of unemployment and no economic growth . 
  there also seems to be a lack of any proposed solutions . 
  i think there were that much unemployment in the uk for so long , the people would not take it - the media would destroy the government . 
  but i think italians seem a bit more accepting of hard times , and perhaps the culture makes it a bit more manageable because italians have stronger families and communities to support each other . 
  personally i think that in the long run brexit is going to be helpful here for italians . 
  brexit , because it is so historic , is an opportunity for the entire european continent to re-think what is working and what is not working and make some concrete changes . 
  we should not be afraid of killing some sacred cows and challenging our assumptions . 
  this is an opportunity . 
  no worries . 
  it is actually pretty interesting to consider about immigration trends among pensioners and the extent to which they benefit/harm an economy etc. 
  no problem . 
  while the statistics do show that more italians are moving to germany than the uk , what these statistics show is that both germany and the uk have been very attractive destinations for italians for number of years . 
  as someone who loves italy and has lived in italy , the fact that so many italians want to leave italy saddens me . 
  the story is more about italy than about either the uk or germany in my mind . 
  [ this article i read about it is very interesting .
