   okay , then i 'm sure you 'll be happy to describe , from basics , how the higgs boson was predicted . 
  no , i would n't make any argument whatsoever about it because i do n't know anything about it and two minutes with any theoretical physicist would have me nodding and smiling in quiet agreement . 
  but , i have not said that trust has no place at all in critical thought . 
  i have specifically in terms said that it does have a place . 
  i am asserting that there is a balance between scepticism and trust . 
   they are separate fields , both requiring years of study . 
  not every field of knowledge is equally accessible or inaccessible to the layman . 
  my own field of expertise , law , is something that many non-lawyers deal with extremely competently . 
   i do n't have to prove a negative . 
  either you can prove that there is a better alternative to the status quo , in which case your claims can be scrutinised , or you ca n't . 
  spoiler : you ca n't . 
  whether the uk should be in the eu or not is not simply an economic question . 
  ( here i am not conceding that the uk is economically better off in the eu and there is no reason why that argument is mine to make . 
  you are the one who is trying to change government policy , not me . 
  the status quo is mine now . ), 
   economics , as a science , relies on consensus , and the consensus is very heavily against the idea that any economic good will come from brexit . 
  even if there were a consensus , this would not of itself make it true . 
  however , note that economists are changing their views on the economic consequences of brexit daily . 
   only that you lack any ability to do that . 
  contrary to what you belive about yourself you are most likely not omniscient . 
  we all need to decide when considering an argument the status of someone 's expertise . 
  not just me . 
   how immigration suppress wages . 
  i have not made any argument relating to how immigration supresses wages . 
  i have made a general point about the extent to which experts should be relied upon in argument . 
   it is completely unreasonable to expect everyone to know and understand the complete fountain of human knowledge - because it 's completely impossible . 
  i am not saying that nobody should ever trust anyone about anything . 
  i am saying that people who have minds should use them and part of that means considering the arguments in fields even outside one 's own specific area of expertise and analysing them . 
  it is also imperative to consider the extent to which there may be bias or the extent to which that particular field of expertise might have been correct or incorrect in previous arguments and their track record generally . 
  trust is also something which is not black or white ( any more than expertise is black or white ) . 
  you still have to choose who to trust , how much trust to accord them . 
  there are no hard and fast rules in who is worthy of trust and how much trust they deserve . 
  critical thought and progress relies on challenging mistaken conventions just as much as it relies on following correct conventions . 
   present the arguments . 
  what subject do you want me to argue ? 
   surely , no reasonable person would expect others to pay their debts . 
  the imf thinks this . 
   what bothers me is that the uk is going to limit migration from canada/nz/australia too . 
  the uk currently does this . 
  outside the eu the uk will probably relax immigration rules for canzau, 
   amazing how in some topics you follow experts and in others you go the full on sceptic route . 
  i follow arguments rather than experts . 
  it 's pure intellectualism to bow down to those that have more knowledge than you do . 
  it is an essential aspect of science . 
  to admit hey i was wrong because other people 's arguments are better than mine . 
  economics is a social science and not a hard science . 
  admitting that you are wrong because of the other person 's argument is completely different from bowing down to someone on the basis of their status as an expert . 
  one is dealing with the argument and one is not . 
   present your own studies if you want a debate . 
  debating is about the underlying arguments , i agree . 
  it is not about the person who makes the argument . 
  the message is interesting , the messenger is less so . 
   euroskeptics are not academics . 
  some eusceptics are and some are n't . 
  but in something like economics , there are profoundly different views and schools of thought among them . 
   they 've had almost 25 years to put together a post-eu plan of action , and they have nothing and so ? 
  why does this matter ? 
  the government is creating a plan now . 
   there are no euroskeptic experts because there is no route better than our current relationship with the eu . 
  this is simply a matter of opinion . 
  you ca n't just state it , you have to argue it . 
   which , incidentally , is why ` economists for brexit ' total about 8 people out of tens of thousands . 
  economics is not a subject matter in which voting makes it correct . 
   however , just comparing the performance of ea against non-ea countries ... is that really enough to say we would have better employment rates without the euro ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  no , it is not enough . 
  but it is a better measure than comparing ea19 against eu28 which is what the current data shows . 
   i have no reason not to trust people who have spent decades working on this . 
  eusceptics have spent decades working on taking the uk out of the eu . 
  trust them . 
   if the eu decides that we are n't allowed to offer free movement for uk citizens to our country the eu does not have this power . 
  ireland can outsource the decision to brussels if it wants to , of course . 
   i doubt the uk government would offer us the same courtesy . 
  i can live in hope , though . 
  personally i would want the uk just to focus on what is best for the uk and ireland which is for the uk to let irish people work in the uk . 
  no point in caring what brussels says about this in my mind . 
  as an individual you still need to consider whether or not someone really is an expert . 
  then you have to consider whether other experts in the same field have the same view or different views . 
  then you need to consider whether or not the expert has any biases or conflicts of interest . 
  then you need to consider the track record of that expert and the track record of experts in that field generally . 
  then you need to consider whether the argument that the expert is making works . 
  that is called actually dealing with the argument . 
  blindly following an expert is profoundly anti-intellectual . 
   i believe you 're wasting your time , pretty sure you 're arguing with another enlightened leave voter who is tired of experts . 
  blindly following experts is the same as blindly ignoring experts . 
  it just means absence of thought . 
   i believe whatever the community of people with professorships and doctorates in economics believe . 
  these people have different views . 
  economics is a social science and can be argued . 
  you can not just outsource thought to economists - that is the ultimate in anti-intellectualism . 
   uk has voted to withdraw from the eu institutions , the single market is still an open issue . 
  it is only an open issue technically . 
  politically , it is not an open issue . 
   the eu immigration is a trade-off for being a full member of the single market , something that uk businesses have benefited from greatly , and the majority of people in the uk still seem to want . 
  i 'm not convinced that the majority of people in the uk want the uk to be a full member of the single market - all data i have seen indicates that this is very finely balanced . 
  i am also not convinced that uk business does benefit from being a full member of the single market . 
   uk is free to limit the extra-eu immigration to virtually zero . 
  uk is leaving the eu . 
  prior to the referendum , this argument may have had some mileage . 
  now there is no real point thinking about eu immigration in a different way from non-eu immigration .
