   no , you give me an example ( gish gallop ) . 
  the parent redditor indicated that the uk has a firewall . 
  this would indicate that there are sites that ca n't be accessed in the uk that can be accessed outside of the uk . 
  i 'd be interested to see if there were any examples of this and really if this argument had any merit , you should be able to find some examples . 
  surely someone has documented them ? 
  this firewall has been much discussed . 
  why has n't someone found an example of what information is behind the firewall ? 
  tony abbott is absolutely right to be clear on this . 
  it is somewhat disappointing that so much of the west is being slow to make similarly strong statements . 
  i appreciate that the facts are still coming to light , but as the day goes on the absence of strong , clear condemnation from western leaders will look like weakness . 
   they certainly picked the right company for their `` security center '' . 
  the article you linked to is an article which explains that the uk is reviewing whether that company is the right one or not . 
  what websits can you access in your country that i ca n't access ? 
  please give me an example . 
   our traditions were then encoded into the echr which we told various nations they had to adopt . 
  abandoning the echr precisely means abandoning our traditions . 
  naturally you do n't leave a body because you agree with its decisions . 
  the uk 's tradition of rights of the individual pre-date the echr and are thus independent of it . 
  by pulling out of the echr , the uk will simply be affirming that it is parliament , elected by the people , that will decide what rights exist and the uk courts that enforce those rights . 
  this is very much in line with the uk 's tradition of rights . 
  the historical circumstances which were current at the time the echr was created do not apply today . 
  uk press is now reporting nine brits were among the dead . 
  my thoughts are with the families of all the dead and sespecially the dutch people as a whole , who have suffered the greatest loss . 
  personally i do n't think that it has a great human rights record , but the fact that people move there is indicative of them not caring about that . 
  it is also indicative of them feeling safe there . 
  the uk 's human rights record is not comparable with qatar . 
  the article you have linked to is not about a firewall . 
  all countries block sites that link to child pornography and so forth . 
  you will have seen that a moderator has specially posted on this thread reminding people not to downvote opinions just because you disagree with them . 
  downvoting me is showing disrespect to the whole of r/europe and the moderators in particular . 
  the reason why i have had to mention it is because it is a real problem on this thread . 
  i 'd prefer not to mention it , but the behaviour of you and others has forced me . 
  also , my point stands . 
  real human beings do feel safe in the uk . 
  real human beings move across the whole world to start new lives in the uk : given this it does not make sense to say people do n't feel safe in the uk . 
  the uk does not have a great firewall . 
  note in advance to the downvotes : the downvote button is not to express disagreement or your hatred of the uk . 
  in what respect do i sound like that ? 
  also , in advance , by way of reminder the downvote button to people reading the downvote button is not to express disagreement . 
  really ? 
  farage has not really been mentioned on this thread . 
  russia being part of the echr is not , in my mind , something to recommend it . 
  many thanks for your support . 
  the many downvotes my posts have received on this thread have made me feel very unwelcome on this sub . 
  while `` rights '' of humans might be universal , the legislation underpinning those rights and the courts enforcing them can be separate . 
  i think the uk can put in place a better system . 
   then that 's not a strong arguement as most eu states could make it and thus the downvotes are justified . 
  my interpretation of course . 
  i have n't claimed that any eu states could n't put in place their own human rights regime . 
  my point is that the uk can , not that others ca n't . 
   there is a difference between commending a country for a respectable human rights record and trying to inflate that record as a reason for withdrawal from a progressive hr organ in which we are uncomfortable with not holding all the reins . 
  i 've not said that the uk 's tradition of human rights is the reason it should leave the echr . 
  i 've used it as a reason why the uk does not need to be in the echr . 
   you are misunderstanding the rules . 
  people are perfectly free to downvote you if they disagree with your point . 
  this does n't mean they are doing so simply because they do n't like it or do n't like you . 
  it 's a bit surprising you do n't understand this . 
  read guideline 2 of the r/europe rules and guidelines . 
  downvoting is not for posts you disagree with . 
  this is very clear . 
  please stop downvoting posts you disagree with . 
  thanks in advance . 
   you really think the government never wronged someone due to bureaucratic inefficiency or stubbornness or an honest mistake ? 
  that long list of cases would indicate otherwise . 
  of course governments can wrong people . 
  however , national courts can generally deal with cases that relate to bureaucratic inefficiency , stubbornness or am honest mistake . 
  that list of cases did not relate to cases that are just to do with honest mistakes and stubbornness etc. 
  most of the cases relate to interpretation of what is legal and deliberate actions of government . 
  also , these cases are not a list of cases that the uk has lost . 
  it is a list of cases that the uk has fought . 
  even the cases that the uk has lost , do n't , of themselves , show that the uk was wrong . 
  they show instead that the echr disagreed with the uk courts . 
   well , i think that 's naive . 
  certainly , broadly speaking modern national courts are independent but i think it 's an illusion that they are completely independent . 
  besides , that 's short term thinking . 
  who says the independence of the courts ca n't be compromised in the future ? 
  the echr is an independent safeguard against that . 
  i 'm not sure what country you are from , but in the uk the government loses cases in the national courts very regularly . 
  nobody thinks that the national courts are not capable of administering justice correctly . 
  the important thing is not to be completely independent of the nation , but to be completely independent of the executive in administering justice . 
  i do n't think there is a real risk that the uk courts will stop being independent in the immediate future . 
  the echr is thus a solution where there is no problem . 
   because the point is just to have a tool that is independent from your national apparatus . 
  one additional system is enough for that . 
  what qualitative value would further systems add ? 
  as mentioned , the point is that the judiciary are independent of the executive and the legislature . 
  that can work on a national level . 
  i do n't think the point should be that there is an international court that is independent of the national structure . 
  that would only be needed if the national system were not sufficient . 
   well , purely personally , in the majority of cases i 've read about , i tend to agree with the echr 's reasoning and the court generally does n't punish the states without strong reasons . 
  of course , there is no truly objective way to determine which court is better and some cases can be viewed as a mere difference of opinion ( but some can not , that last case seems at least after a quick glance , like blatant religious discrimination ) . 
  at the risk of repeating myself , in such a situation i view the increased removal of the echr from national systems as a sufficient reason to prefer it . 
  and since echr cases only involve an individual complaining against a state ( and not an individual complaining against another individual or the state complaining against an individual ) , i 'd rather err on the side of giving people more means to protect themselves . 
  the last couple of cases i read i have disagreed with the echr ' opinion . 
  in fact , it astonished me that the echr found that the french state has the right to forbid people from covering their faces in public . 
  that judgment felt very foreign to me . 
  i will read some more cases tomorrow however . 
  i am generally a supporter of the individual against the state . 
  but when the individuals being protected are convicted murderers in the uk who want to vote rather than french muslims who want to cover their face in public , i wonder if the balance is where i want it to be . 
  i recognise i am in a small minority on r/europe and obviously i get downvoted a lot with most of my posts .
