  differently , with the greek rescue , there were two separate purposes , which the troika had , which were contradictory . 
  there was the aim of rescuing greece and its debts . 
  but there was also the aim of rescuing the single currency . 
  in the end it seems that the aim of rescuing the single currency took priority over the aim of rescuing greece . 
  i have a special hatred for stansted ... 
  i have just done a bit of research into spanish bankruptcy law ... 
  it seems that royal decree-law 1/2015 dated february 27 , 2015 seeks to implement urgent measures to , among other things , reduce individual debtors ' financial burden . 
  however , in my mind the new law does still not look like it will be a very good one . 
  it looks way too complicated . 
  and to last way too long : the rdl was designed to give a second chance to an individual debtor and introduced a mechanism according to which such debtor may have his debts discharged if ( i ) he acts in good faith and ( ii ) he has previously liquidated all his assets in favour of his creditors ( or his bankruptcy proceeding concluded due to insufficient assets ) . 
  in addition , the rdl proposes flexible out-of-court payment arrangements for the individual debtor to repay his creditors . 
  once the above mentioned criteria are met , the individual debtor may automatically have his outstanding debts discharged provided that he has paid ( i ) his secured creditors 90 % of the fair value of the security , ( ii ) the debts of the insolvency estate ( `` cr\u00e9ditos contra la masa '' ) in full , and ( iii ) at least 25 % of the ordinary credits . 
  alternatively , provided that the debtor accepts a payment schedule over a 5-year period for certain debts , the debtor may remain provisionally exonerated from all of his debts . 
  in order to obtain a full discharge , the debtor must pay his non-dischargeable debts during the 5-year period or make a `` substantial effort in this regard '' , which means that the debtor must devote at least half of the income he receives during this period to pay certain of his creditors . 
  creditors of the individual debtor have not been left unprotected , however , as they may request a bankruptcy judge to revoke the benefit of the discharge in certain circumstances , such as when the debtor 's financial situation has improved or when the debtor fails to meet his payment obligations in accordance with the agreed-upon payment schedule . 
  [ have you tried prague 's franz kafka international airport ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geyfh-a-xoq ), 
  many thanks as always for the explantion !, 
  i must say that i find it surprising that it is only the left in spain that seem to support this change . 
  in the uk this is not a party political issue . 
  quick personal bankruptcy ( and also corporate insolvency in circumstances whre recovery is not possible ) is seen by everyone no matter whether they are on the left or the right as fundamental to the efficient organisation of the british economy . 
  it not only gives great certainty to borrowers , it also gives much more clarity and speed to lenders . 
   they 're from eurobarometer any links ? 
   it seems like people are always moving the goalposts with this . 
  who is moving the goal-posts ? 
  i agree with your claim that there is a kind of european `` culture '' ( the expression you used ) , but what is needed for a democracy is a `` political culture '' ( the expression i used ) , which is not the same as a `` culture '' . 
  i am keeping the goal-posts in the exact same position . 
  europe does not have a shared `` political culture '' . 
   what is the definition of a demos/political consciousness ? 
  what proportion of the population has to meet the criteria for it to exist ? 
  presumably you also believe in the concept of demos ? 
  i expect we have a similar definition . 
  i am happy with the way the german constitutional court uses the expression . 
  there is no hard and fast rule about proportions here . 
  there are grey areas . 
   what if we apply the same standards to the uk and find it to not have a demos ? 
  we would do things like transfer power from central uk institutions to local institutions and have national debates about amending the constitution and referendums about whether particuar parts of the uk should become independent . 
   my point was that it might not be the structure of the eu that causes problems but ideology or party politics . 
  so if different parties were running germany , finland and the netherlands the response would have been different . 
  people talk about fiscal union as block grants or some crazy scheme where the commission would veto national budgets . 
  it does n't have to be like this , and in many ways the eu already is a fiscal union through the budget , it 's just that at that level spending is n't as high as it needs to be to have the desired effect . 
  a common agricultural policy-style program for a country 's biggest spending areas ( health , education etc. ), 
  would do the trick . 
  i agree that there are some things that could be done by different governments , but ultimately , for serious fiscal union to work , the treaties themselves will need to be changed . 
  there remains the clear treaty provisions that limit transfers under articles 123 and 125 of the tfeu which can not just be ignored if we believe in the rule of law . 
  this structure would need to change explicitly for the eurozone to work well . 
  any attempt to sneak in a transfer union via the backdoor , without explicitly confronting the treaties , would in my mind be incredibly dangerous . 
  also , what is needed is for the eurozone to integrate further : there is no way that the uk would sign up to further transfer ( and obviously , there is no reason for it to do so ) . 
   when these leaders are negotiating it 's hard to tell what is and is n't some kind of bargaining tactic . 
  but i believe that tsipras has n't actually asked for this , what they wanted was for loans from the ecb to be converted to infinite maturity , so there is n't a crisis every few months when new bonds have to be issued and for loans to other member states to have interest rates that vary according to greece 's gdp growth rate . 
  obviously , what tsipras asks for changes on a daily basis and is the subject of an ongoing negotiation . 
  the syriza manifesto commitment was for debt forgiveness . 
  his plan for gdp linked perpetual debt has not yet been accepted . 
  there remains a chasm of difference between the attitude of the dutch people towards resolving the eurozone crisis and the attitude of the greek people . 
  i currently do n't see any governement being elected anywhere in the eurozone that is going to really bridge that gap . 
   they have some very interesting similarities . 
  both do n't have their own central bank and both could n't borrow on bond markets ( for different reasons ) , but instead of gutting spending and blowing up the economy california started issuing ious , eventually they got themselves sorted . 
  a greek default would be messy , there would have to be capital controls , greek banks would get cut off from the eurosystem temporarily . 
  but that 's the thing : it 's already a mess . 
  the massive differences are that the usa has strong and powerful central institutions ( president , central bank with realistic policy levers ) , massive transfers between the states which people accept . 
  i do n't think we can predict easily the outcome of a greek default . 
  for one thing , they might be defaulting against the imf , which is n't something that california had to do . 
  california never had capital controls . 
  there was never any concern whatsoever that california might change currency . 
   it depends of laws . 
  bankruptcy is for life at spain . 
  unless you pay everything and the official delay interest is a yearly 12 % right now . 
  almost nobody gets out . 
  this strikes me as incredible . 
  are there any political parties or pressure groups who want to change this law ? 
  in the uk for example you can declare yourself bankrupt relatively easily and then i think after 12 months you can be fully discharged and no longer legally liable for your debts . 
   i wonder if they 'll share their oil with us in the same way we shared ours . 
  not fucking likely . 
  do you want scotland to have full fiscal fiscal independence ? 
  or is that something you do n't want ? 
  the proceeds of this oil will be shared via the barnett formula , no ? 
  if you do n't like grexit and brexit , you are going to hate grexident !, 
  people have not started using brexident yet , but they will . 
   i 'm glad you stick around here trucidator , it 's good to have a reasoned counter opinion instead of nothing , or worse , mouth frothing dailymailisms . 
  thanks . 
  there certainly are many frothing opinions on here , though they generally come from the euphiles in my experience . 
  ;-)  i think there is a european culture . 
  research shows that majorities or large minorities of people consider themselves to be european in addition to their national identity . 
  this tendency increases among people under 50 years old . 
  similar amounts of people also support increased integration too , even in the uk !, 
  ( except for adopting the euro ) . 
  eusceptics like to present the situation a thin layer of eu elites ruling over us , but it simply is n't true , there is widespread support for and identification with the union . 
  i think you need some evidence for these claims . 
  i do n't think support for the eu is very widespread in the uk . 
  ukip did just win the eu elections and the parliamentary conservative party is phenomneally eusceptic . 
  separately , even if there is a european culture , this does not imply that there is a political consciousness necessary for a democracy . 
  and it certainly does not imply that soeverignty should be further pooled . 
  is your position that the uk 's cultural ties with estonia are stronger than its cultural ties with australia ? 
   there 's other bizarre knowledge gaps like this . 
  i think some kind of politically neutral informational campaign should be made to fix this , explain the parties , how the institutions work etc. 
  maybe even put it in schools as well . 
  although i doubt you would support this . 
  the fact that there are bizarre knowledge gaps is consequence of there being no shared political consciuosness , no demos . 
  you can begin a propaganda exercise aimed at bridging the knowledge gap , but i would resent this as a poor use of public finances . 
  it would also represent a `` top down '' approach to building a demos , a project run by the elites aimed at changing the people .
