  we had to go back at meal times and then when it got dark . 
  my sense is that this attitude which was common is not so common now , which is a shame . 
  all facts are handpicked and all forms of media and knowledge can be illusory . 
  i admire your healthy disregard for media authority , but i think it should not prevent us having any kind of substantive debate . 
  i guess this is why i try to read a broad section of sources - from a range of different perspectives / jurisdictions . 
  genuine expertise can also be every bit an illusion as a media source ( i realised this when i became an expert in my field ) . 
  in english `` you '' is already the polite form . 
  until around 1700 i think , we also used the form `` thou '' which was the considered the informal form ( and also the singular form ) . 
  this form then fell into disuse in all but a few regional dialects . 
  i think it is still used in yorkshire and some parts of scotland but is dying out . 
  it is not taught as part of standard british english . 
  i agree that the telegraph is partisan and has an agenda , but in my mind that is not a good enough reason to criticise it . 
  as you would expect in a plural media there are newspapers coming from each spectrum : there is no such thing as the newspaper without an agenda . 
  if we seek truth i think it is important to read a spectrum of sources - guardian , indie , times , telegraph , ft , new statesman , economist , spectator , le monde , figaro etc etc. 
  when it comes to reporting what economists have said , i think all broadsheets should be considered . 
  i agree also that there is a fine line between information and opinion when it comes to news and sometimes these overlap . 
  the majority of ambrose 's pieces are clearly in the opinion category and presented as such , but this piece , is simply saying that some economists have criticised the ecb - this does strike me as more on the information side than the opinion side . 
  obviously , we can always acknowledge people 's biases and agendas . 
  but in this case the fact of those agendas is not , in my mind , a reason not to consider the underlying story - that is that some economists have been very critical of the ecb . 
  this point is something that is worthy of discussion . 
  actually - stirglitz ' calls for a mutualisation of debt are reported in the telegraph , so you must have missed that part . 
  also , i 'm not quite sure how you manage to conclude that the telegraph piece is criticising monetary union of itself , when it is abundantly clear from the title that what it actually being criticised is the policy of the ecb . 
  it seems like you are trying to twist what the telegraph wrote . 
  if you do n't read the telegraph and are not interested in discussing ecb policy i find it a bit odd that you would be commenting on an article about ecb policy in the telegraph . 
  as mentioned several times ( are you not reading my posts ? ), 
  this has not just been reported on by the telegraph . 
  here [ is bloomberg . ] ( http://mobile.bloomberg.com/news/2014-08-20/stiglitz-says-stalling-euro-area-shows-dismal-failure.html ) . 
  here [ is openeurope ] ( http://www.openeurope.org.uk/article?id=20495 ) . 
  here is [ the irish examiner ] ( http://www.openeurope.org.uk/article?id=20495 ) . 
  all of these reports are consistent with the telegraph 's reports . 
  perhaps you do n't like the message ? 
  if so , rather than blaming the messenger , blame the person who wanted the message delivered . 
  the exact quotes from the economists cited in the article are newsworthy of themselves . 
  as already mentioned , this is not about the telegraph - this same story has also been covered by other sources . 
  this is not an opinion piece - it is a reporting piece . 
  look at what the economists themselves said - criticise them for their statements rather than the telegraph for reporting them . 
  this was why the uk did not want to join the euro - we did not want another country to be able to control our monetary policy . 
  it astonishes me that so much of europe seemed happy to give away control of monetary policy . 
  what is the plan for italy ? 
  continue like this with recession , low birthdate , high unemployment for the next decade ? 
  what can renzi really do ? 
  now that germany is not growing , perhaps the ecb might start thinking about taking action . 
  given the specific quotations it is hard to imagine a context in which these quotations do not reflect ( at least in part ) the views of the economists cited . 
  this is n't just what ambrose is reporting , this story has been extensively reported by a range of journalists . 
  when a range of economists criticise the actions of the ecb and the structure of the eurozone it is certainly newsworthy - especially in the context of the poor economic figures and poor jobs data that continues to pour forth from the eurozone . 
  pretty much the entire article is quoting directly from what economists have said . 
  the views of ambrose pritchard-evans are not really relevant to am article in which he is just quoting other people . 
  the question is therefore whether or not we agree with those economists , not whether or not we agree with a p-e . 
  i 'm being tongue-in-cheek . 
  of course , the uk has a constitution , if by constitution you mean a system of laws and rules that organise how a country is run . 
  however , the fundamental principle of the uk 's constitution ( parliamentary sovereignty ) does mean that a law to deprive people of their citizenship would not be unconstitutional , thus my point stands . 
  in the uk we do n't have a constitution ( so almost nothing is unconstitutional ) and i think citizenship can be revoked under certain extreme circumstances . 
  do n't leave without us !, 
  oxford, 
  which countries are you including in northern europe ? 
  if you look at the latest [ unemployment figures from eurostat ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=une_rt_m&amp;lang=en ) going up to april 2014 , you can see that the uk 's figure is 6.5 , which is better than ireland , sweden , finland , latvia , lithuania and estonia and behind only iceland , norway and denmark . 
  given the rate at which unemployment is falling in the uk , we will go past denmark in a couple of months . 
  the uk 's figure for youth unemployment is 17.9 , which places the uk third in northern europe again . 
  which data are you using to show that the uk has worse benefits than western europe ? 
  the standard of living in the uk is not subpar , which is why hundreds of thousands of people from europe move to live in the uk every year . 
  i 've no idea what you mean when you say that the uk 's economy has n't been competitive . 
  it is the sixth largest economy in the world and will overtake france 's in the next couple of years . 
  britain 's industrial sector is relatively smaller partly because we do not have a competitive advantage with manufacturing , whereas we do with services . 
  when looking at whether an economy is competitive , it does not make sense to ignore services . 
  i do n't agree that job creation and skill shortage are unconnected . 
  in my own field , law , we have seen the skill shortage acutely just in the last 18 months , the time in which the job creation has been at its quickest . 
  i do n't know what you mean when you say that the uk does not have a working economy so you 'll have to explain that . 
  i agree that the uk 's benefits have gone in the wrong direction in the last 30 years - they have got much too high . 
  fortunately the current government is trying to cut them . 
  as for debt , the uk 's debt is high , but as a proportion of gdp , it is lower than [ spain 's and greece 's , not higher . ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tsdde410&amp;plugin=1 ) . 
  unlike greece and spain the uk has its own currency , which means its debt situation is much less of a worry . 
  the uk does have low unemployment compared to northern europe . 
  [ you can see the statistics here . ], 
  also , which social systems are you talking about ? 
  the uk has unemployment benefit , housing benefit , child benefit etc. . . 
  the uk has a skills shortage not just because professionals leave the uk , but because lots of jobs are being created in the uk . 
  over the last two years the uk created more jobs than the rest of the eu put together . 
  uk has low unemployment and many sectors have skill shortages . 
  a lot of people who do zero hours work find that it suits them . 
  i was just being mean - i would n't dream of bashing something like black pete , which i do n't really understand ... 
  britain has relatively high minimum wages and low unemployment though . 
  so it is n't correlated in the way you say it is . 
  did you read the article ? 
  corporation tax rates and the flexibility of labour laws vary considerably in different parts of europe , and are not always directly correlated to minimum wages . 
  this is discussed in the article , which cites things like corporate tax rates , energy costs , flexible labour laws etc. 
  this general election might be a bit different from previous ones . 
  it will be the first one in living memory in which the three main parties have all been in government in recent years . 
  immigration is also cited as the number one concern of most of the electorate . 
  also , the media coverage of ukip is likely to be much more extensive . 
  also , ukip 's own organisation is in a vastly different place from where it was at the last general election . 
  all these factors mean it is hard to see ukip not doing dramatically better ( in terms of vote share ) than they have done before . 
  minimum wage is only one element to manufacturing labour costs ... 
  but spain would n't though . 
  netherlands , with the black pete tradition . 
  ( i kid , i kid ... ), 
  britain has very generous benefits ... 
  france and britain both spy on each other and both spy on germany . 
  friendship has nothing to do with it . 
  i could do my current job ( law , finance ) in new york much more easily than any other state . 
  however , new york city is n't really so very different from london so i do n't really see the point of moving ...
