  the uk should do things in the british national interests . 
  it is pointless doing things just because other countries do them . 
  i might as well argue that the uk should not have id cards because ireland , canada , australia , new zealand and the united states do n't have them . 
  we can both write down lists of countries . 
   id cards make lives much harder for illegal immigrants . 
  why do you think they keep moving and do n't want to stay in france . 
  it seems like they 're doing their job on that front pretty well . 
  there have been camps in calais for a decade and this is causing huge misery for the people of calais . 
  this is not doing pretty well . 
  this is disasterous . 
  i already mentioned the main reasons why people want to get to the uk : language , job market , presence of family and friends . 
  id cards is not going to significantly reduce pull factors and will not enable the uk to get rid of migrants ( just as france currently ca n't ) . 
   well its not just making direct debits is it , but i do n't have all day to list every permutation that could lead to needing id . 
  it still makes life a damn sight harder for illegals . 
  for the fourth time , id cards are not effective to keep out illegal immigrants . 
  if france can not deal with the calais problem and they have id cards , why do you think that the uk would be able to deal with it ? 
  are you just going to keep on ignoring this point ? 
  how are id cards helping france deal with the calais problem ? 
   france , germany , italy , etc are hardly what i would call a `` police state '' . 
  it 's just a document you have that you need for doing certain things . 
  just like a bloody passport . 
  except everyone actually has one . 
  you forget you even have one . 
  i 've lived in italy and i know what it is like needing id . 
  my strong preference is that the uk continues not to require people to have to have id . 
  in the uk there are many political parties against id cards , from the conservatives to the liberal democrats , to ukip . 
  civil liberty campaigners like liberty are also against them . 
  it is only the labour party that at one stage wanted them , though they have changed their policy on this . 
   notice that none of them have jobs in france this is not true . 
  there are illegal immigrants working in france in the black economy . 
   thats why they want to leave france to a country where they 'll get on a lot better because it is more of a soft touch . 
  there are multiple reasons why illegal immigrants want to get to the uk , the most prominent ones being the very good job market , the english language , presence of family members etc. 
  id cards are only a small part of it.we should n't tackle things by making the uk less attractive . 
  the uk should stay attractive . 
  we should just have control over who enters , rather than giving up control . 
   it would be one more reason for people to not want to come here , which is what the right wing ideally want , and yet they do n't want this simple method for doing so . 
  we already have this great system . 
  it is called border controls . 
  you want to get rid of this and let everyone from the shanty towns in calais into the uk . 
   how useful we were in helping alleviate the problem . 
  what do you think the uk government should do instead ? 
  presumably the fence was put up after discussion with the french authorities who advised that it should be put up ... 
   people make mistakes with language when they are n't native . 
  if you work with people who are not native you come to realise what is intended . 
  i know people make mistakes and i work with people whose native language is not english all the time . 
  however , it is still worth correcting inaccuracies , particularly important ones . 
  i also make mistakes and feel free to correct them . 
   i never got asked for id once on the streets in france or germany , and i spent enough of my time living in both . 
  i only ever got asked for it when opening bank accounts , making payments , etc. 
  you can make payments online with no id . 
  if you only ever get asked for id when opening a bank account , then id cards are not going to be effective at catching illegal migrants . 
   as you think i want the country flooded with illegals , would you like to tell me why you are against having something in place to allow people to be randomly checked for their status ? 
  because i do n't want to live in a police state . 
  i like the way that i can go about my daily business with no id and no fear of the police interupting me . 
  perhaps you do n't care about this . 
  also , as mentioned several times already , id cards are useless in relation to illegal migrants . 
  look at france . 
  they have people camped in calais for years . 
  france has id cards . 
  and they can not solve the problem . 
  why do you keep ignoring this point ? 
  id cards to do n't work . 
  border controls do work . 
  i 'm not looking for an argument . 
  i am being accurate . 
   what i really do n't understand here , is you 're clearly against large numbers of immigrants being here , no , i like there being large numbers of migrants in the uk . 
   and yet you do n't want the most simple , easy and effective method of finding who is here legally and who is not , as it would mean being able to stay within the eu and integrate further , which i think is the thing you really fear . 
  i do n't want to have to go about my lawful business with fear of being asked to provide id by the police . 
  separately , as mentioned , this is not an effective method . 
  in france they have id cards , but they have not been helpful at solving the calais problem . 
  so why would they help in the uk ? 
  as mentioned , the best way of keeping illegal imigrants out of the uk is by protecting british borders . 
  you are so blinkered in your aim to give control of uk sovereignty away to the eu that you do not care if many illegal immigrants come to the uk . 
   yes , id cards should be carried , because contrary to this belief that you have gotten into your head that i want the country full of illegals , which i dont because you know , they 're here illegally , i think an id card should be carried as a matter of course , even if it is n't always used . 
  no , it would not be good for everyone in the uk to have to carry id . 
  we should be able to go about our business without having fear of being stopped by the police regularly and continually having to confirm identity to the police . 
  do you really want the police to be regularly stopping you and asking you to confirm who you are ? 
   would n't that make everything a hell of a lot easier to handle considering the lack of resources ukba has to deal with when conducting searches ? 
  look at france . 
  there they have id cards and yet they ca n't do anything about the migrants in calais . 
  why do you think the uk would be able to do something if france ca n't ? 
  the best way is to control borders . 
   if you go on page 151 of this report , you 'll see that it 's not a small minority at all . 
  in fact , it 's even a plurality . 
  it is worth looking closely at these numbers . 
  between autumn 2013 and spring 2014 , there was a sharp decrease in the number of people wanting a federation of nation states , so it seems that opinions are not fixed . 
  it is also worth noting that in several member states , it is not a plurality . 
  finally , it is a slight shame that for some reason they did not ask that question in the latest eurobarometer . 
  of course there should be a referendum . 
  the people must be able to decide . 
  parties wanting a referendum won the election . 
  almost every political party in the uk is committed to a referendum . 
   also , there is no union wide debt yet , as long as we still have national debts , the nations must pay what they owe to their lenders , and this goes to all member states not just greece , but trying to weasel out of paying debt wo n't earn them any friends ... 
  it is not a morality play . 
  it is about pragmatism . 
  it the political will was there , the eurozone could solve the greek crisis tomorrow . 
   but of course you would defend greece and blame everything on eu according to your anti-eu posts the people that set up the eurozone must take blame for their flawed currency design . 
  the eurozone needs to become a transfer union . 
  the only way to solve the greek crisis is to write off debts . 
   also your tone would be different if your country had loaned greece money and then saw how they are trying to not pay ...
