  this is n't the case . 
  there were cases in the local elections this year , for example swindon which is a labour/conservative marginal currently held by conservatives , where ukip increased their share of the vote , taking votes from the conservatives but taking more labour , which ended up giving the conservatives a bigger lead over labour . 
  all this makes the next election very hard to predict . 
   there 's no reason it ca n't be raised again if the uk votes to leave . 
  in fact , i 'd be surprised if it was n't . 
  taking scotland out of europe against its will changes the rules of the game . 
  this is all hypothetical , but this would only arise if in the brexit referendum , scotland voted to stay in but was brought out because of the larger ruk vote to leave . 
  it is by no means clear if this would happen . 
  even if it did happen , there are some scots who want to be in both the uk and the eu but would chose to be in the uk rather than the eu if it were not possible to be in both , particularly if they want to keep the pound rather than join the euro and particularly if being in the eu meant lack of free trade with the rest of the uk or it meant lack of free travel with the rest of the uk etc. 
   http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/home-news/poll-independence-support-would-rise-if-voters-think-uks-leaving-eu.1368959712 i was n't able to look at this because i do n't subscribe to the herald scotland and i passed my article quota . 
  however , it looks like that even under a scenario in which scottish voters think that the uk is leaving the eu , they still would not vote to leave the uk , which rather proves my point . 
   the chances for scottish independence go up if the uk leaves . 
  scotland have their referendum on independence in september , which is going to be before any uk referendum on eu membership . 
  if scotland votes to stay in the uk in september , it will likely put the question to bed for a generation . 
   scots are more pro-eu than the english . 
  the difference is not a large one though . 
  also , the position is somewhat complicated as there are quite a few scots who are both pro being part of the uk and pro the uk being part of the eu . 
  to the extent that the uk leaves the eu it is by no means certain that this constituency would prefer eu membership to uk membership . 
  i do n't think there has ever been any polling on this question . 
   the eu does n't give a shit about canada , and the us does ( at least for the most part ) . 
  canadians know this too . 
  some of us do give a shit about canada . 
  some of us do ... 
   `` the citizens and businesses contribute to the state through taxes , voting and participation . 
  in return , the state regulates the private sector to protects against blatant abuses and allows the private sector free reign on everything except [ x things ] '' this is where i am too . 
  my list of x things is a short one , like yours . 
   to be honest , i think the view i just stated is the closest to neoliberal you will find in europe , outside of select economic circles like the city of london . 
  maybe europe is shifting to the economically liberal side , but it 'll never be the us . 
  at least , i think . 
  i work in the city of london , so perhaps my position is not a surprising one . 
  i do see europe shifting to economic liberalism . 
  i think globalism , the economic crisis in southern europe , the internet age and so forth will force the issue . 
   there 's a real chance that cameron could be voting , once again , alone . 
  i think we will be able to rely on the hungarians to stay strong on this one ... 
   i know you are a lawyer , i 'm curious if the judiciary may `` overrule '' any law in any manner . 
  or would it be presumably valid , because it lawfully passed by parliament ? 
  under the uk constitution , parliament is sovereign . 
  thus , broadly , the judiciary does not have the power to override primary legislation which can never be unconstitutional . 
  in relation to human rights , there is a procedure within [ s18 of the human rights act ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1998/42/contents ) which requires the legislature to state specifically whether or not legislation is compatible with the hra , but this of itself does not affect the legality of that legislation - it is simply a procedural step and a political block . 
   this is why i hate living in britain , because once the media says federalism is bad every fucking moron thinks federalism is bad . 
  the good thing is that you can move out of britain if you do n't like living there . 
  also , the good thing about the internet is that you can get your media from anywhere in the world . 
   i wish we had a debate on federalism i really do . 
  i 'm more than happy to debate this with you . 
   but maybe i 'm looking at this from the wrong perspective . 
  are you saying there is a paternalistic feeling towards the government , and that the people do n't need to worry , because the government wo n't do them harm ? 
  thus making codified rights unnecessary ? 
  no , we do n't think of our government as paternalistic , but that does n't mean of itself that codified rights are necessary . 
  the uk developed a tradition of strong `` liberties '' outside the context of specific codified rights . 
  i 'm not sure why you are convinced that globally the future is a post-national one - that strikes me as entirely up for debate and if anything the longer trend across the globe is for voters to want to organise themselves along national lines . 
  i do n't have a deterministic view of history though , there are just too many uncertainties . 
  wanting to be part of a european sovereign structure is not somehow more `` grown up '' than wanting to be part of a uk sovereign structure . 
   as an isolated nation state , shrunken from the likely independence of scotland . 
  it is likely that scotland will vote to stay in the uk , but that is besides the point . 
  the uk is one of the largest economies in the world . 
  if the likes of singapore , new zealand and south korea can do fine as sovereign nations , than the uk can too . 
   he would be better off to pick a side and defend his position with arguments against the eurosceptics , and not try to impress them with weird demands on the eu . 
  he has to impress eusceptics if he wants to get re-elected as pm in 2015 . 
  in the past , cameron 's polls ratings always go up when he `` says no '' to europe . 
  personally , as a very reluctant ukip voter ( and my sense is that a lot of ukippers are somewhat reluctant ) , i would be tempted to vote for a cameron that demonstrates that he is prepared to play hardball with the eu . 
  for cameron there are probably more potential voters to be gained by being eusceptic than there are voters to be lost . 
  so i think there is some method to his madness . 
   the electorate is the people who actually vote though , is n't it ? 
  no , the electorate are the people who are entitled to vote . 
  the word for the people who actually vote is `` voters '' . 
   but the jump towards federalism happened after the fall of the fall of the berlin wall , in maastricht . 
  suddenly we had an european project and the means to make it happen ( germany ) . 
  the options for further european integration were closed until then . 
  i think this is something that historians can argue about . 
  personally i do n't think the fall of the berlin wall was really a big driver towards a deeper europe . 
  it was definitely a driver to a wider europe though . 
   of course , in maastricht the uk decided they 'd rather be in than out , not only for economic reasons , but also because they could n't afford to lose influence on what was probably going to be an emerging power . 
  was that a mistake ? 
  that 's for the brits to decide , but it definitely made sense at the moment ( and imho still does , because juncker is what happens when the uk steps back from europe ) . 
  however , maastricht , by staying out of the single currency , inevitably did mean that the uk lost influence in the eu , in exchange for maintaining control of monetary policy and eventually also economic policy more broadly . 
  were we right to do this ? 
  in my opinion we certainly were . 
  however , by being in the eu but with the main political parties in the uk committed to never joining the euro we now find ourselves in a peculiar place . 
  i do n't think this place is sustainable forever . 
   would a protocol noting that `` ever closer union '' as a form of words has no pre-determined federalist outcome do ... ? 
  i expect that this would satisfy some in the uk and would be relied upon in arguments for the rest of perpetuity . 
  it would n't be enough for me personally however !, 
   to be completely honest the tories only have themselves to blame , you 're right that the tories are to blame , but in my view the correct time to blame them was back in the 1970s when they were in favour of eec membership . 
  it was obvious ( or at least reasonably forseeable ) at that time ( not that i was alive ... ) that the european project would move eventually towards federalism . 
  if they did n't want the uk to be part of federalism in the long term , it did n't make sense to join . 
  the uk now has a choice of staying in and fighting federalism or getting out . 
  the first of these options is going to be tiring and ultimately unsuccessful ( as the juncker arguments have shown ) . 
  it is time to get out . 
   unlikely , i think - it 's a very specific group of people who have a paranoia about it , and they 're not really numerous enough to make it worth replacing with some form of words that 's less elegant . 
  the current uk government has a paranoia about it . 
  there are mps who have said it is a deal breaker for them . 
  one solution would be to give the uk a specific opt out from it ... 
  `` ever closer union '' is an incredibly vague term and can more or less mean anything you want it to mean . 
  i have heard it used as a justification for a gradual move towards a federal europe . 
  for this reason , anti-federalists would like to remove it . 
  if it means `` get to know each other better and better without a specific political outcome '' we should change it so that it says that . 
  the right of prisoners to vote is one such issue . 
  this is something parliament should decide rather than a court . 
  thanks for the response . 
  unfortunately , it is evident from your post that you did n't follow or did n't understand the crucial issue in qatada trial , so perhaps it is best if you do n't comment on it or use it as an example .
