  the jubilympics was a once in a generation moment in british history . 
  the next time you will as many flags will be when qe2 does . 
  other than that , compared to some countries in the world , brits have always been embarrassed by patriotism . 
  as for whether or not political positions are the result of reason , that is a whole separate discussion . 
  i agree that reason comes into it , but when it comes down to where sovereignty should be , at the eu level or at the nation state level ( which is fundamentally what the discussion is about ) then i do n't believe reason has much to do with it on either side . 
  i think it comes down to beliefs and preferences , which reason can not reach . 
  as for alex salmond and the union jack in sussex - it would really depend on what the occasion was . 
  an occasion like commemorating ww1 strikes me as exactly the type of occasion in which brits should not be shy to say their views . 
  the french can tell us to get stuffed - but that does n't mean we should n't complain bitterly about them :-), 
  britain will do fine keeping up . 
  i have no worries about britain 's future outside the eu . 
  we wo n't be remotely isolated . 
  we 're not pretending to be an elephant . 
  you can survive fine in the world not being one : there are plenty of countries that do . 
  some of it is slipstreaming the usa , i agree . 
  but is that a bad thing ? 
  why is that worse than slipstreaming the eu ? 
  the uk can do fine , sitting between the eu and the usa ... :-), 
  yes , the ukip meps are doing exactly what they have been mandated to do by their voters . 
  this is how democracy works . 
  i 'm not blaming the rest of the eu - i am blaming british politicians . 
  i 'm not sure if it makes sense to be in efta or not - it is possible that the uk might negotiate its own separate arrangement . 
  however , efta would be better than the current deal . 
  the brits were mislead . 
  brits when they voted in the referendum were thinking about a common market ( the clue is in the question in the referendum itself ) , not some federation . 
  which political party are these people voting for ? 
  the labour party , which just said it would cut job seekers ' allowance for those under 21 without skills ? 
  it depends what work you want to do . 
  in many multinationals , english is the working language . 
  i lived for years in italy and know brits who worked there with very little italian . 
  italian is a very easy language though . 
  i 'm an eusceptic , so if i can do it easily , you have no excuse . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` island mentality '' . 
  if you mean want to have good diplomatic and trade links with the whole world but not be part of a federal europe , then yes , we do have that attitude . 
  why do n't you learn another language ? 
  many european languages are very easy . 
  or move somewhere where you can use english ? 
  to be honest , the uk has much better links with the former empire than most other colonial powers , as demonstrated by the commonwealth . 
  things like global language and soft power do have some importance , when it comes to diplomacy and trade . 
  no , i like the continent and i do n't suffer from an island mentality . 
  i just do n't want to be in a federal europe . 
  i agree , other than the part about being sad . 
  britain can leave the eu , but i think we can keep going with the entente cordiale , just in case anything really bad happens !, 
  stay happy . 
  most of them have benefited though . 
  many more people are in work , or their jobs are more secure . 
  their wages are also starting to outpace inflation . 
  the non-murdoch press in the uk also contains strongly eusceptic elements , e.g. 
  mail , express , telegraph , spectator ... 
  london does n't have a wall around it anyone can go there . 
  i 'm not from london , but got off my ass to move there for work reasons . 
  if you can get a bus from bratislava to london for work , you can do the same from birmingham . 
  also , unemployment is falling over the whole of the uk . 
  it 's not that we are against federalism per se , it is more that that we do n't want to be in a federation with the french and germans and remember that i write as a massive francophile . 
  the british parliament just voted against war in syria . 
  this shows that the uk has an independent foreign policy . 
  yes , many . 
  one example is / u/boq who frequently argues for a federal eu with the uk in it . 
  that 's what i thought too . 
  i think the point is that the eu and the uk will both want to continue free trade whether or not the uk is a member of the eu . 
  i 'm not sure if the uk 's own very weird constitutional arrangements , which are subject to constant change , are an example for anyone though ... 
  britain wo n't be irrelevant by being an independent nation though . 
  we have the sixth largest economy , the global financial centre , the global language , huge cultural soft power , permanent membership of the unsc , historic links with most of the globe ... 
  yes , but our overall spending becomes much lower if we do it alone too . 
  also , the uk and the eu are going to continue to collaborate in some areas whether or not we are in the eu . 
  a new arrangement will be put in place . 
  [ here is a source , which i think is a good one , but let me know if you spot a mistake in the calculations ] ( http://www.tfa.net/2013/02/20/roger-helmer-mep-the-uk-the-eus-largest-export-market/ ), 
  hopefully we would n't be wanted , but a majority opinion on this sub supports a federal eu as successor to current eu with all the current member states . 
  the spinelli movement does not envisage the exclusion of britain . 
  however , i agree with you : a federal europe should not contain the uk . 
  it will depend what the problems are . 
  however , the uk does not have a tradition of blaming foreigners . 
  the uk is also the largest export market of the reu . 
  yes , but the reason ukip 's supporters will fall is exactly why the other parties need to be interested . 
  currently it is not certain where those people will go . 
  for example , i voted ukip in the eu elections , but for the general election i could be tempted by labour or conservatives , depending on how tough they sound on europe . 
  i 'm not comparing the eu to the ussr . 
  i am simply demonstrating that the desire to leave a supranational entity is not the same as nationalism or xenophobia . 
  i think the uk wo n't `` suffer '' if it leaves the eu . 
  the uk has historically had ties all over the world . 
  the eu is still going to do business with the uk once we leave and so is the rest of the world . 
  as for the role on the world stage , history is n't finished . 
  currently the uk has huge soft power through language and culture and that will remain . 
  the uk also has significant economic power by being the sixth largest economy and also political power by having a large military , nuclear weapons and a permanent position on the unsc . 
  this is n't going away . 
  i 'm not categorising immigration as a good thing for people that are already there . 
  i did n't say anything about that . 
  also , while population size is up , unemployment has gone down dramatically in the last few years . 
  increasingly , leaving the eu does fit into the goals of our politicians . 
  not sure why you are talking about blaming foreigners . 
  blame for what ? 
  35 percent of brits voted in the eu elections . 
  however , the ukip vote is large enough to have a big impact on the uk general election . 
  that 's why all political parties in the uk have to respond to it . 
  using your own argument , all those lithuanians and latvians and estonians that did n't want to be part of the ussr were driven by xenophobia and nationalism . 
  brits are n't trying to compete politically and economically with usa or china . 
  not wanting to be part of the eu just means you value something more highly than competing with the usa . 
  it is dislike of federalism . 
  most brits do n't want to be in a federal eu . 
  if cameron ignores the ukip vote , he will lose the general election next year .
