  no , i am simply pointing out that you can have a healthy democracy without a constitutional court . 
   i was n't talking about the polish constitutional court . 
  was talking about constitutional courts as a matter of principle . 
  given that there are both good constitutional courts ( e.g. 
  germany ) and less good constitutional courts ( i am sure you agree with this ) , then we should be reluctant to draw principles about constitutional courts generally . 
  as you will have seen in my earlier comment , i am not making a general statement that votes always trump constitutional courts , i was making this statement specifically about poland and i do n't feel the same way about germany . 
   do you also feel that the most recent vote should trump earlier votes ? 
  because a constitutional referendum is one such earlier vote , and your argument 's logical outcome is that constitutions are less legitimate than `` last week 's elections '' ( so basically , useless ) . 
  are you talking generically also here ? 
  given the multiplicity of different constitutional systems there in the world , i am reluctant to draw a principle . 
  i think we can both agree that there are limits to the legitimacy of votes , but there are multiple ways to police them . 
  i think policing them with outside forces has the potential ( when we consider poland 's particular history ) to have negative consequences . 
   what if they do introduce 10 % electoral treshold and fptp , effectively removing small parties from politics ? 
  fptp works well in the uk . 
  we have a stable parliamentary democracy . 
  i do n't like the sound of a 10 % threshold , is this what the new government want ? 
   i 'm honestly struggling to see how this will at all negatively impact the polish people compared to the putinist measures already enacted by a far right government . 
  they are not far right or putinist . 
  this is just a case of mediocre rule of law / corruption etc that is present over the entire world other than north west europe and some other fortunate peoples . 
  poland is no better and no worse than the rest of that part of the world . 
   i would 've loved a mechanism for us to reign in bush 's policies as we have to do so with the new polish governments . 
  i feel it 's a strong step but one the eu should have to influence it 's member states . 
  we should think very carefully before we undermine the operation of national democracy by interfering in other countries . 
  there will be unforseen consequences . 
   i 'm already worried that there 's more and more euroscepticism in poland , this will only add fuel to the fire . 
  exactly . 
  it also wo n't really help your democracy . 
   the same polish electorate voted for politicians that got them into a union that has the power to intervene in such a way ? 
  the eu that poland joined did not have the existing rule of law framework , which has since been added . 
  when it comes to a clash of mandates , my feeling is that the current government has a greater mandate from the polish people than the rule of law protocol , which was voted for by the polish people extremely indirectly and something that the vast majority of poles will not have heard of . 
   do you also believe that constitutional courts `` infantilise the electorate '' , since that also sometimes overrides the immediate voter sentiment ? 
  perhaps because i am british and we do n't have a constitutional court and have paliamentary sovereignty in which the powers of a particular parliament are constitutionally unlimited i instinctively think that the sentiment of the voter is of more importance than the constitutional court . 
  there are some very good democracies with very good constitutional courts and germany is a good example of this . 
  from what i can gather the polish constitutional court does not , regrettably , have such a wonderful reputation for political impartiality and there are claims that the previous government stuffed it full of their people and now that the current government is doing the same , though the eu is only intervening now . 
  given this state of affairs i think the best way forward is to wait for new elections and hope that the domestic and international press remains aggressive . 
   by 2019 it could well be too late to get rid of them through electoral elections alone . 
  they are not stopping elections . 
   that 's by no measures `` soon enough '' and certainly not satisfactory for the concerns raised by the eu . 
  by soon enough i mean that we should let the normal democratic process that we have seen work well in many heathy democracies around the world run its course . 
  this is the normal electoral cycle . 
  outside interference will have negative effects for polish democracy . 
  it will make the current government double down and annoy many polish people who did n't even support the current government as we can see from comments in this thread . 
  if you want poland to have a good democracy ( and this is something i want ) the correct thing to do is be patient rather than use clumbsy mechanisms to interfere from outside . 
   i 'll fully admit i 'm speaking from a position of weakness here , but from what i understand of this past election , this is one that the polish people are going to have hanging around their neck , bush-like , for a long time to come . 
  as i am sure you know , the americans voted in bush another time : you and i did n't get a vote . 
  we should remember this about poland too , whatever we think of their government , it is fundamentally a matter for their electorate rather than a matter for you and me . 
  poland 's rule of law is no more being undermined than hungary 's is . 
  i guess hungary 's government is within the federalist epp though . 
  while in my view neither of poland and hungary have really ever been wonderful in terms of rule of law and i wish they were better , their history is so different from ours that we should understand their position . 
  good democratic systems are not , unfortunately , something that can be imposed on a people by an outside power . 
  they generally take a long time to create , develop incrementally and must be wanted by the people themselves . 
   of course they did n't , but with the next elections due in 2019 , i would n't say it 's `` soon enough '' . 
  this is how i also feel in my country when labour win the elections . 
  however , i wait for the normal electoral cycle before voting against them . 
  this is how democracy is meant to work . 
  the normal electoral cycle , or sooner if the government falls . 
  there will also be other elections in poland , eu elections , local elections , presidential elections etc which will no doubt influence governance . 
   what do you suggest we do with them in that case ? 
  we politely suggest to the french government that they deal with it . 
  then we should keep doing it . 
   personally , i think leaving them in calais where they are right now is creating more of a problem than moving them would . 
  we are not leaving them there . 
  the french government is . 
  britain has limited money and limited space for refugees . 
  that money should go where it is most needed : the camps in the middle east . 
   well , they have no legal protection they are free to request asylum . 
  they also benefit from the full range of french law generally . 
  while i agree that their condition is squalid , they are better off than many people in other parts of the world . 
  we should focus our limited money where it is most needed . 
  france is quite capable of controlling what happens in france without our interference . 
   fyi i 'm not talking about the tax rate someone who works in the city is paying . 
  my assumption is that you are talking about corporation tax . 
  companies in the city of london pay taxes under the same laws as the rest of the uk . 
   what ? 
  we 've just elected them . 
  yes , i know . 
  have they suspended elections ? 
  or are elections continuing in poland along their normal cycle ? 
   for their own protection they are already safe . 
  they are in france . 
  france is a safe country , one of the richest most powerful countries in the world . 
   those who are viable claims should be allowed to settle in the uk as asylum seekers or legal immigrants and those who are n't should be returned to their home countries as illegal immigrants . 
  no , the uk should take asylum seeks from where they are most in need , i.e. 
  refugee camps in the middle east . 
  people in france are not vulnerable , they are not in a war-zone and they can apply for asylum in france . 
  if the uk takes asylum seekers from calais , this will cause many more people to go to calais , making the problem there far worse and causing huge inconvenience to the people of calais . 
   what if they change the election procedures , like erdogan did ? 
  are they doing that ? 
  if they are , do let me know what they are . 
  our current government is also changing our election procedures , reducing the number of seats in parliament and making the size of the seats more equal . 
  this is of course no business of the eu whatsoever . 
  it also infantilises the polish electorate . 
  poles will have an election soon enough in which they will get rid of this government or keep it . 
  we , as outsiders , should not interfere in their democracy . 
  we should trust poles . 
   i 'm sorry but you obviously have no understanding of how the ` city of london ' works , it is one of the biggest , if not the biggest tax haven in the world & to suggest that switzerland is not a tax haven is ridiculous . 
  i have worked in the city of london for ten years . 
  for tax purposes the city of london is the same as the rest of the uk . 
  the city of london is not a separate jurisdiction for tax purposes . 
  i do n't watch french tv but i see it reported in le figaro and le monde somewhat regularly .
