  til that this was even a thing !, 
   english people do complain about `` wrong '' usage of english words in the eu institutions . 
  i assure you that we would get a `` eurenglish '' standard very soon , which would require the uk ` ers to adapt too . 
  i think one of the advantages that english has it that it does n't lend itself well to standardisation . 
  is there even any need for an eurenglish standard ? 
  why would the english used in the eu be so different from the english used in ireland / uk to require irish and brits to adapt ? 
   i can see some sort of european english being a thing in the next 50 years . 
  english is very adaptable and there is already a kind of global english ( `` globish '' ) that non-native english speakers use , based on internet slang and popular culture etc. 
  i do n't think there really will be a `` european english '' though . 
  there will be the various english accents and dialects that are spoken in different parts of the uk and ireland and then people in the rest of europe will speak the `` globish '' . 
  i agree with this article [ that quatremer 's blog is a very good one and he often has interesting insights into european politics generally . 
  ] ( http://bruxelles.blogs.liberation.fr/ ) the level of discussion below the line on his articles is also refreshingly high . 
  however , he writes in french and obviously people that do n't read french are thus not able to access his pearls of wisdom and this really restricts his audience . 
  also , i think he is a bit too obsessed about the language issue . 
  in general terms , with languages france has reaped what it sewed . 
  france accepted pragmatism and practicality for the choice of working languages for the eu commission on the basis that french was one of the three languages . 
  this immediately resulted in eu language hierarchy , with other eu official languages being subordinated to english , french and german . 
  however , once we admit that we should choose languages based on practicality and accept a hierarchy , it was always going to be the case that english would eventually dominate over french . 
  however , i have to say that multi-lingualism in the eu is not finished yet . 
  i recently had a job interview for an eu entity and being a native english language speaker they insisted that half the interview was done in another language . 
  i asked if i could do it in italian , but unfortunately there were no italian speakers available , so i had to do french . 
  annoyingly there also were n't any native french speakers available so i had to be interviewed in french by a dutch guy : his french was n't great and nor is mine when it comes to technical language !, 
  it felt kind of ridiculous , being interviewed in french by a dutch guy when neither of us spoke fluent french , when the other people in the interview , a latvian , an irish and a german could n't speak any french at all . 
  i guess we still sometimes are promoting multi-lingualism over efficiency !, 
  in the uk eating is cheating ... 
  sometimes people have crisps if they are getting really peckish . 
  i do n't think it was one poll i think it was two polls with different questions that were juxtaposed . 
  it would be interesting to see similar polling in other countries too . 
  relevant user name ... 
  there are far more welsh speakers around than scots gaelic speakers around ... cornish speakers are a tiny tiny few . 
  while pensioners do pay some taxes , they pay on average much less tax than workers . 
  the uk by swapping workers for pensioners gains tax revenue rather than loses it . 
  some tax paid by pensioners , eg inheritance tax , will mainly go back to the uk . 
  i do n't think the uk loses a lot from people retiring abroad , whether they go to australia , spain or where ever . 
  while pensioners do pay some taxes , they pay on average much less tax than workers . 
  the uk by swapping workers for pensioners gains tax revenue rather than loses it . 
  some tax paid by pensioners , eg inheritance tax , will mainly go back to the uk . 
  i do n't think the uk loses a lot from people retiring abroad , whether they go to australia , spain or where ever . 
  you are probably sensible not to look at them . 
  the people that express hate are the few . 
  the people who upvote it are the many . 
  try and begin a post with `` italians are arrogant cunts '' or `` spaniards '' are arrogant cunts '' and see whether or not you get downvoted . 
  normally this type of thing should be downvoted . 
  on this thread it seems acceptable . 
  look at the way eusceptic remarks get downvoted , get called racists etc. 
  i know that i willingly participate in this environment , and therefore can be deemed to have consented to it . 
  but it is extremely unpleasant . 
  the level of vitriol towards greeks has also astonished me on r/europe recently - i think it is a similar thing . 
  a perception of moving against eu orthodoxy is met with a combination of anger , fear and downvoting . 
  it is n't just the british posters pointing out how strong the anglophobia is . 
  this happens all the time :-(, 
  no , it is to do with need . 
  he said that scotland does n't need the uk to agree to a currency union . 
  this is false . 
  without agreement from the uk there is no currency union . 
  i think there is quite a bit of hatred . 
  in answer to the question about why brits in austria do n't learn german , the person who starts out by saying `` they 're arrogant cunts '' is upvoted , whereas the person who asks what brits in austria who do n't speak german are doing there gets downvoted . 
  i think a lot of the anger at brits stems from the fact that the uk refused to join the euro . 
  find one single comment in my post history that indicates that i comlain about immigrants to the uk not learning english or retract the allegation . 
  please stop inventing bull shit . 
  read the thread . 
  who is the hatred coming from ? 
  the ukippers ? 
  honestly ... 
  please delete your comment . 
  it is totally unacceptable to write that i am differently tolerant . 
  this is in breach of rediquette . 
  scotland is not a member of the eu . 
  the uk is the member . 
  a currency peg is not a currency union . 
  please retract that comment . 
  it is totally unacceptable to call me a racist . 
  you have zero evidence for this . 
  no , scotland is not a member of the eu . 
  the uk is . 
  there is no way that the ruk would agree to a currency union with iscotland . 
  if scotland joined the eu it would be required to agree to adopt the euro . 
  uk / hungarian relations were complicated by virtue of the austro-hungarian empire and the balance of power :-) ) ), 
  why is it a battered chestnut ? 
  just answer the question . 
  which currency is scotland going to have if the ruk leaves the eu and iscotland becomes independent and joins the eu ? 
  also , are you downvoting me for asking a question ? 
  i 'm on a mobile now , but [ the healthcare section of this bbc article confirms that the uk government gets reimbursed for other eu nationals using the nhs . 
  the same thing happens the other way round . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25134521 ), 
  are you cool with scotland adopting the euro ? 
  anglo-portuguese alliance from 1373 for eternity :-), 
  i have worked as a professional in another eu country , but i agree that generally professional people in the uk are economically incentivized to remain in the uk . 
  however , most unskilled brits can also earn more in the uk than they can in other eu countries . 
  i 've not spent much time in austria or germany , but the other poster i was responding to indicated that most brits in austria worked for companies where they did not need to speak german . 
  the economic incentives for croats and poles are different from those of brits . 
  given different economic incentives , different outcomes are unsurprising . 
  well , it seems like you were able to answer your own question then . 
  it seems like you know why brits do n't learn german when they are in austria . 
  i think you already knew the answer ... 
  i think it is just vat , and not a significant figure . 
  presumably brits in austria are able to go about their daily lives with very little german . 
  presumably the private health care is not a cost for spain . 
  for a+e it would make sense for the spanish government to record use by brits and invoice the british government . 
  i speak several languages .
