  both of these had the benefit of industrialization , which was a radical evonomic breakthrough you are correct to consider the historical angle . 
  for example , it is clear that international finance prefers the english language , and this is surely not because the english language is better , but just for historical reasons . 
  however , i would argue that one of the reasons why the anglo systems had earlier economic breakthroughs was because of the common law legal system . 
  i think some historians have argued that too . 
  certainty of contract , protection of property rights , neutral courts and so forth helped the uk industrialise early . 
   as a sort of analogy , i work in software . 
  i 've seen plenty of so called `` second rate '' products take over a market , over the technically more competent solution . 
  so the winner is n't always the `` best '' , it 's a lot more nuanced . 
  i agree that the question is nuanced . 
  i would say that another factor is simply familiarity . 
  for example , romanian law might be fantastic in many respects , but participants to finance transactions would not want to touch it , because they would not want to go to the trouble of investigating it and researching it . 
  with english law nobody feels like they need to research it , so english law has an inherent status quo advantage . 
  even if a participant to a finance transaction researched romanian law and found that it was totally satisfactory and efficient , they still would not want to use it , because finance is all about not just considering your own opinion , but taking into account the opinion of `` the markets '' . 
  how are you going to persuade the whole of the market ( i.e. 
  the people that you might in the future want to sell your product ) to accept a legal system that they do n't know very well ? 
  this is part of your historical artefact argument . 
  edit - i made some typographic mistakes , sorry people !, 
   then would n't it lose a competitive advantage by leaving the huge european market ? 
  it will gain other competitive advantages though , by being able to regulate itself ( in a better way ) and do deals with the rest of the world . 
   other partners will be under no obligation to honour their trade deals with regards to the uk for any deal they negotiated with the eu , once britain is out of the club uk will renegotiate these . 
   honest question here . 
  why is it more important to be able to clear locally now that we have instant connections to anywhere in the world ? 
  i must admit that i do n't really understand the technological side behind clearing , but i am told that it systems and other systems make it efficient for clearing houses to manage a lot of different currencies / products under one roof for economies of scale . 
  hiving euro away from this would increase costs . 
  another factor is that derivative contracts ( other settled products ) are almost all governed by english law or new york law and to the extent that they get litigated they are subject to the english or new york courts . 
  having clearing located in ny or london makes that easier . 
   unless you believe that the common law system is inherently better than the civil law system . 
  it is n't inherently better across the board it is just different . 
  however , international finance has a preference for common law legal systems for a variety of reasons , which in my view include the following : - quick courts - predictability of courts / obligation to follow precedent - commercial views of courts - freedom of contract - no contractual duty of good faith - trust structures - literal approach to statutory interpretation - quick approach to insolvency - protection of position of lenders but i 'm a common law lawyer . 
  of course i am going to be keen to sell my product !, 
   so you 're saying there is a better shot of finding common ground with singapore on these issue than the french with whom we already deal with directly , today , without an issue ? 
  you 're saying the `` dream '' scenario here is that we negotiate harmonization of regulatory rules on a country by country basis to enable `` global '' passporting ? 
  ambitious !, 
  not quite , i am saying that global standards setting is increasingly important . 
   you 're saying the `` dream '' scenario here is that we negotiate harmonization of regulatory rules on a country by country basis to enable `` global '' passporting ? 
  ambitious !, 
  rules do n't need to be harmonised to reach high standards . 
   eu + tax haven status of the city . 
  just because we have lower tax than paris , this does not mean we are a tax haven . 
   i do n't know , what do you think ? 
  obviously , singapore has far more ftas than the uk has . 
  the uk needs to begin some serious work to get more ftas and that is exciting . 
  but if singapore can do it , why not uk or italy ? 
  as for foreign nationals , again , if singapore can do it , why not the uk ? 
  these are questions for our national democracy . 
  it is n't brussels that decides these things any more . 
  we get to decide . 
   i reckon that the huge amount of international workers and the great number of free trade agreements play a major role . 
  and these are all things that the uk is bound to give up on following the brexit . 
  no , the uk is not bound to give these things up . 
  if singapore can do it , why not the uk ? 
   you literally do not understand how financial services nor financial regulation works . 
  have you ever tried to sue a foreign company in a foreign jurisdiction ? 
  now try that for a billion dollar contract . 
  good luck . 
  i am a lawyer working in finance . 
   when you open your bank account with any bank or take out a loan , do you think there is a little box there where you can just choose `` contract governed by the laws of : '' . 
  personally i 'd choose `` laws of the sea '' in those cases . 
  most international finance is wholesale . 
  parties negotiate the legal system governing the relevant contracts . 
   there are differences in codified vs common law systems sure , but on banking regulation they are remarkably similar . 
  care to name a difference since you feel they are so totally different ? 
  some parts of banking regulation are essentially global and it is these bits that are similar . 
  however , in terms of finance generally , there are a range of differences which are quite fundamental , including insolvency processes , law of trusts , contractual interpretation and so forth . 
  no wonder you voted leave . 
  i guess you would n't mind your current account regulated by the zimbabwe monetary authority then . 
  there are some countries in the world with sufficiently high regulation which i was obiously referring to . 
   your country is and was divided . 
  they did something which is wanted by 49 % of the population , with the percentage steadily going up as older generations are replaced by younger ones . 
  i 'm not aware of euphilia rising in the uk . 
  when we had our last referendum on the common market , we voted to remain by an overwhelming margin . 
  however , you are right that the country is divided and the task is now to unite the country , though the majority voted for brexit . 
  remainers now need to embrace brexit ( like may has done ) and leavers need to be magnanimous . 
   you did n't answer my question though : if nyc were n't in the us and if hk were n't in china , do you think they would still be the huge financial hubs they are now these are perhaps factors which should not be totally discounted . 
  but they are by no means the most important factors . 
  look at singapore for example . 
  how do you explain how it is a global financial centre ? 
   what do you think concentrated financial services and professionals in this country ? 
  it was lax rules and easy access to the whole of the eu . 
  foreign banks coming to europe come to britain for that reason . 
  if we lose access to the single market and the banks remain in britain , they will have to set up subsidiaries in every single european country in order to keep operating from england . 
  at this point i am just going to have to assume that you do not work in financial services or really have much of a clue about them . 
   i mean lets not fool ourselves . 
  if you ca n't find your place among historical , cultural , political and financial friends , do you think you will fit in with the likes of south korea ? 
  these countries are not our friends . 
  countries do n't have friends . 
   you ca n't even handle article 50 , you are that unprepared despite knowing it years in advance , and you mean to tell us that you will strike deals with the whole world . 
  there is n't a rush . 
  the government will do this in due course . 
  be patient . 
   do n't you think that nyc and hk benefit from being part of respectively the second and the third largest markets in the world ( the first being the eu ) ? 
  the eu is no longer the largest market in the world now that the uk is leaving . 
  new york does not do finance just for the us , it does global finance . 
  same with hong kong . 
  same with london . 
  if london were to focus on eu rather than the rest of the world , that would be a big mistake . 
  the rest of the world is bigger than the eu . 
  this is essentially what churchill was saying when he commented on the uk needing to choose the ocean large rather than europe . 
   you do n't want to allow passporting of financial services from regions and areas which you do not regulate . 
  provided that they are regulated in a sensible manner by their own regulators , you do not need to regulate them .
