  given the way people feel , this may well be a very painful experience and there is no real evidence that most people even really want that . 
  the uk , happily , still has the pound . 
  if the eurozone wants to become a single country , so be it . 
  but there is no reason for the uk to join in this project which to date has had devastating consequences . 
   its all rather childish tbh , and its this childish attitude to europe that damages our position . 
  it is n't childish . 
  childish was creating a single currency without bothering to create fiscal structures necessary to make that currency workable . 
   coming back on past international agreements because your parliament changed its mind is one thing , but that also means your international partners are probably going to see you as unreliable . 
  international agreements can be renegotiated and should be renegotiated at times . 
  if the elected representatives of the uk people think that the eu budget should be reduced it is the job of the uk government to renegotiate it . 
   how is waste related ? 
  there is always gon na be waste in human endeavours . 
  honest people do n't shoot down said endeavours because of the waste . 
  it is the job of government to use tax payers money effectively . 
  it is possible to separate the endeavour from the waste . 
   that germany has to much power in the eu , this will not get better if the uk steps out even more . 
  it will get better for the uk though . 
  if the reu can not solve problems like the euro without the uk , then i do n't believe those problems are really solvable . 
   but with current travel technology , it 's much more feasible to start with our geographically closer neighbours . 
  not really . 
  globalisation has meant that geography and proximity is less relevant than ever , as you were just arguing . 
  i can communicate with anyone round the globe instantly . 
  i can export my services anywhere . 
  travel from london to anywhere further than brussels or paris requires a flight . 
  it seems odd to base alliances on whether that flight should be a three hour one or six hour one . 
   it also helps that we have stronger diplomatic ties with those countries too . 
  we have strong diplomatic ties with countries like portugal and france of course , but our ties with canada and new zealand are far stronger ( shared head of state and incredibly close intelligence links ) . 
   i was hinting at globalisation , you ca n't just jump straight into that . 
  the next logical step is the eu . 
  globalisation does not need global governance . 
  there is nothing logical about the eu . 
  it is a political decision . 
  to the extent it yields bad outcomes for the uk it should be rethought . 
   a political miscalculation by the eu ... or perhaps political opportunism by osborne ... 
  the eu could have avoided this by notifying the highest levels of the uk government that the calculation lead to a figure that was wildly different from any previous figure . 
  it is astonishing , given the figure , that they did n't do this , particularly at a time of austerity . 
   i feel like , with the internet and near-instant global communications technology , we 're very nearly at that point again . 
  to me , someone who grew up with the internet , the breakdown of international boards into something greater seems like it will be inevitable . 
  while globalisation is an interesting development it no should no more lead the uk to closer ties with slovenia and slovakia than it does with singapore or south korea . 
   shaping the future of the union , shaping the future of europe . 
  that is the poin and i think working together will ultimately be better for all of us than working against each other . 
  i think the uk should work with every peaceful , liberal and democratic country in the world . 
  however , the idea that to do this the uk needs to be in some institution that is intent on taking sovereignty from the uk and moving towards ever closer union is astonishing . 
   if it was a surprise to the uk or the netherlands that the contribution would be re-evaluated , then it reflects poorly on their treasury departments . 
  no , not quite . 
  both the uk and the netherlands have incredibly sophisticated treasuries . 
  it is implausible that both of them screwed up . 
  the size of the recalculation was so enormous that it is an astonishing political miscalculation by the eu that they did not think to deliver it in a more astute way . 
   it may very well be the right thing to do but one consequence is less influence - nothing wrong with that , it 's a choice . 
  yes , i agree it is a choice . 
  but why would i really want the uk to be influencing countries like finland , slovakia , portugal etc. 
  are n't those countries able to cope without british influence ? 
  to me it seems odd to want to influence the rest of europe . 
  i just want the uk to have influence in the uk . 
   recently our contribution to the eu was increased because our historical gdp got recalculated . 
  instead of just paying up like we have agreed to , cameron and osborne made a massive fuss , wasted time and `` won '' a negligible change to the payment terms . 
  childish use of europe for domestic political gain . 
  the eu managed that recalculation incredibly poorly and it was a massive surprise that it was notified in that way not just to the uk but also to the netherlands . 
  to the extent that the uk has to increase payments into the eu ( which effectively means either more borrowing , higher taxes or more cuts in the uk ) than the british government should make a fuss about it . 
  there is massive waste in the eu budget . 
  the uk parliament voted for our contributions to the eu budget to be reduced . 
  at a time of austerity across much of europe there should be a massive level of scrutiny across eu spending . 
   yes . 
  but that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  we 're sometimes obstructive or difficult and often indifferent . 
  is there something specific that you are talking about ? 
  a specific example ? 
  being obstructive , difficult and indifferent is often the correct thing to do . 
  for example , we refused to sign the fiscal compact , which has condemned much of the eurozone periphery to perpetual austerity . 
  this was the right thing to do . 
  if being right means being obstructive , so be it . 
   we 've been kind of left behind in terms of leadership . 
  what is the point of trying to lead the eu ? 
  do we really want to be telling other eu countries what to do ? 
  ca n't we just let them do what they want to do and content ourselves with having leadership in our own country ? 
   because we wo n't commit to europe and constantly dither about it we are sidelined . 
  we were correct to stay out of the euro and stay out of schengen so that we can have our own monetary policy and control our borders more effectively . 
  being sidelined over discussions about greece is the correct place to be . 
  the alternative , being involved in either trying to force reforms and austerity on an unwilling greek population , or force debt eurozone debt mutualisation on an unwilling reurozone population , is too awful to contemplate . 
  being sidelined is a better alternative than this . 
   why ? 
  fptp is proven to produce two party systems i 'm not sure what your proof of this is . 
  however the uk is not a two party system . 
  as i am sure you are aware , within the last decade we have had three parties in government ( lib dems , conservatives , labour ) . 
   and produce results that leaves vast portions of the population without representation . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what you mean by `` representation '' here , but my mp represents me even if he was n't my preferred choice . 
  separately , there are a range of other mps within parliament that represent a range of my views . 
   making a mountain of a molehill . 
  electoral fraud is not a molehill . 
  it is incredibly serious and undermines democracy . 
  the british people had a referendum on whether to keep first past the post or move towards av and overwhelmingly decided to keep fptp . 
  i personally am very glad we have fptp . 
   haha overwhelming my ass . 
  even the girls that originally tried to get him in trouble because they changed their minds wanted to drop the whole thing . 
  i 'm not talking about the rape case . 
  that is not something that the uk is going to try him for . 
  the uk would charge him for breach of bail . 
  the evidence that he breached bail is overwhelming . 
   really do n't take much to see that the rape charges are a cheap trick to get him back to the u.s. 
  they have no merit in and of themselves .
