  iscotland will want to be on the ruk 's side of things when it comes to trade . 
  - iscotland has shown no sign of wanting to give up the pound . 
  if the ruk stays in the eu then iscotland can try and make an argument ( albeit a weak argument ) that they should be able to be independent in the eu but keep the pound . 
  if the ruk leaves the eu then there is really no chance of iscotland running a keep the pound option . 
  the scottish government would have to commit to the euro ( and this will not go down well with scottish people ) . 
  - the longer time that the uk and the reu are apart the more they will diverge from each other on a range of matters . 
  during this time the reu will have new treaties , further taking power away from the member states and placing them centrally . 
  during this time the uk will , differently , give far more power to the scottish government . 
  the more the uk and the reu move apart , the bigger the move comes for scotland to make . 
  - the eu is currently going through multiple crises with no real signs of being able to solve them . 
  if the economic picture within the reu stays negative and the reu continues to over-regulate and lurch from crisis to crisis , being part of the reu will become an increasingly less attractive place for iscotland to be . 
  i appreciate , though , that it is very difficult to predict !, 
   there 's a little-mentioned aspect , which is that , in my opinion , if the uk votes to leave europe , scotland will vote to leave the uk this is mentioned all the time . 
  it is not `` little-mentioned '' . 
  i think in the long term there is more chance of scotland wanting to leave the uk if the uk stays in the eu . 
   australia developed and implemented the pacific solution in four months . 
  it 's not as if the eu does n't have diplomats who could manage the same degree of effectiveness . 
  the eu can not do anything in four months . 
  it is institutionally incapable of acting quickly and to instead amend , extend and pretend . 
   let us not overreact though : there is a lot that binds us - even you will agree to that - but the increasing divide has become painfully obvious . 
  what binds us is what binds the entire western world : a belief that liberal democracy with the rule of law is the best form of government . 
  the uk shares this with the netherlands as we also share it with the anglosphere . 
  there is nothing that binds the uk to the eu that does n't bind the uk to the international community of liberal democracies generally . 
  ireland also has an opt out of this , the same as uk and dk . 
  denmark also managed to get one . 
  the trick is just to refuse to sign shitty deals ( and ideally check with the people how they feel about the shitty deals ) . 
   in weaker terms : the cultural divide between western europe and eastern/central europe is strongly showing during such issues . 
  as the ft wrote a couple of weeks ago , there are now multiple divides in the eu : - the east/west divide and the attitude to migrants ( hence migrant crisis ) - the north/south divide and the attitude to economic governance ( hence eurozone crisis ) - the core/periphery divide and the attitude to further integration ( hence brexit crisis ) it is hard to know which of these various crises will break first : they are all symptoms of a wider problem in the eu : for peoples to be able to suffer common governance effectively there must be some shared common identity and values that apparently we do n't have . 
  on the law and procedure of course you are correct . 
  however , even the eu is a bit worried about overriding the wishes of multiple democratically elected governments , so in practice the more governments that indicate that they will be voting against this the less likely that the commission will propose it . 
  with this confirmation from poland and the fact that the existing plan is not working , we can basically say goodbye to forced relocations going forwards . 
  the uk was correct to opt out of this from the start . 
  fortunately we had our opt out . 
   the industry itself will also see its margins decline , so it will be tapping turnover from a shrinking pool . 
  we see this with a lot of things , 10 years ago bigger was better , in this day and age smaller is becoming the new bigger i disagree with this . 
  i think there will be more opportunities for finance rather than fewer as more products become available and more innovation within those products occurs . 
  however , i agree that it is uncertain . 
  what is needed for london to succeed in this environment is an agile , practical and pragmatic regulatory system ( basically the opposite of the eu ) . 
   the eu will not try to regulate the financial industry away , rather they will try to regulate the innovation away as is custom in europe . 
  this will represent a great opportunity for london to attract financing away from the eu . 
  the dominos are falling quicker now . 
  if the eu tries to proceed with this crazy tax , the uk will take them to court . 
   the financial industry is running its last years though , in 5-10 years the first major banks will start falling and they wo n't be replaced by other institutional theft , they will be replaced by the sharing economy and innovation seeking a better relation between surplus and deficit units with as less in between it as reasonably possible . 
  i agree that the shape of finance is changing and that disintermediated finance ( in the shape of crowd-funding and peer-to-peer lending ) will increasingly put borrowers and lenders directly together via on-line platforms avoiding traditional banks altogether . 
  this is an exciting development for the city of london and everyone who works in finance . 
  however , i think this just gives the city of london more opportunities rather than fewer and will make it even harder for the eu to try and regulate away the financial industry . 
   not the healthcare . 
  the uk government pays the spanish government for the healthcare of each british pensioner in spain . 
  the uk already pays the benefits for british pensioners in spain . 
  how can you not know this ? 
  the base case is not no trade at all , but the amount of trade that would take place under the rules of the world trade organisation ( i.e. 
  if there were no specific trade agreement between the uk and the eu ) . 
  pretending that this is `` no trade '' is totally misleading . 
  it is not maximum possible damage because trade between the eu and the uk is not going to end . 
  making an assumption about it ending is absurd . 
  separately , if the only way that the eu can succeed is by refusing free trade with a friendly peaceful neighbouring democracy , then the eu has such fundamental problems that it will die anyway . 
  the eu does not have a financial centre . 
  finance centres are global and finance chooses where it goes . 
  unsurprisingly finance goes to english speaking places with the common law , like new york , singapore , hong kong and london . 
  brussels ca n't just pass a regulation declaring that frankfurt is a financial centre . 
  this is n't north korea , you ca n't plan your economy in this way . 
  this is a totally absurd assumption because the eu is not going to sanction the uk . 
  go on to the vote leave website and look at the volunteer section . 
  also the events section : if there are any street stalls near you , go and help . 
  your post is pure and total nonsense . 
  i want a brexit . 
  each weekend i am out campaigning for a brexit . 
  once a week in the evening i am telephone campaigning . 
  let 's make it happen :-), 
  it is n't overwhelmingly successful . 
  look at the eurozone crisis and the unemployment crisis . 
  local news for local people . 
  nothing to see here !, 
   i 'm planning a coup in all eu countries and am going to rule as an enlightened dictator . 
  that is totally cool , you are more than welcome to take over the whole of eu , but not ... not ... belgium . 
  we feel strongly that belgium should stay neutral !, 
  we will go to war for it !, 
  i 'd be astonished if the referendum slipped to 2017 . 
  i still think june 2016 is likely , slipping to september if the february discussions go badly . 
  the leave side want the referendum as late as possible on the basis that : - they think they have the arguments that are stronger and therefore the more scrutiny of them the better ; - they think they have momentum on their side ; - they think they have more motivated activists and volunteers and thus will be better able to cope with a long campaign ; - the longer the campaign lasts the more time there is for black swans to happen ( recession , eu to do more crazy stuff , uk government to do more crazy stuff and this will annoy the british public ) - conservative party to destroy itself in a full-blown civil war on the subject for all these reasons the remain side ( i.e. 
  david cameron ) want an early agreement . 
  however , there are multiple problems with the timing : - june risks interferring with scottish , welsh and london elections and nicola sturgeon has said she does not want june . 
  - september/october risks being after a summer of maximum migrant craziness in europe . 
  - november/december/january are not great times for referendums in the uk , poor weather and dark days make the turnout lower ( low turnout favours the more motivated leave people ) - once we get into 2017 we get close to french and german elections and the brexit debate could in particular become a political issue in those - end of 2017 uk is holding presidency of the eu council . 
  it would just be too random if the uk votes out then . 
   free trade agreements have to involve a degree of common regulation , otherwise you just get a race to the bottom : businesses flock to the country with looser regulations , then other countries loosen their regulations to try and win them back . 
  not really , rather than common regulation most free trade agreements are about mutual recognition of standards for the purposes of trade . 
  for the purposes of purely domestic activity , there is no need for the standards even to be mutually recognised . 
  regulation is not of itself either a good or a bad thing , there is both good and bad regulation . 
  just as regulation that is too loose is a problem , so is regulation that is too tight ; so also is regulation that is confusing , contradictory and poorly drafted . 
  unfortunately eu regulation tends to be too tight and also to be very unclear . 
  if the uk put in place ( in relation to its own domestic affairs ) regulation that better hit the regulatory sweet-spot , this would inspire the eu to better regulate . 
  the same goes in the other direction . 
  different regulations also allow policy makers to study the impact of regulation and measure the extent to which it is successful . 
  when everyone regulates in the same way , this opportunity is lost . 
   but people will blame you for this failure british antipathy to the eu is a symptom of a wider problem ( just at the various other crises that the eu endures , the eurozone crisis and the migrant crisis are also symptoms of this problem ) . 
  it is n't britain that caused this problem . 
  if the eu is so weak that it collapses on a brexit , this will be because of its underlying problems and contradicitions . 
  a brexit represents the opportunity for the eu to totally go back to the drawing board , something that it really needs to do . 
  you will thank us for that .
