  it is true . 
  but the majority of people crossing take a bag . 
  so could easily carry a passport . 
  i do n't think schengen would help the uk deal with cross-border crime . 
  also , while i do n't know much about the swedish democrats , i do n't think it really makes sense to use the same words to describe them as ukip . 
  the history and origins or the swedish democrats are actually far right and they have many more members using racial rhetoric . 
  ukip , differently , have done everything possible to promote membership among ethnic minorities and are very pro the commonwealth ( which is obviously much more racially diverse than the eu ) . 
  what would you change the london flag to ? 
  i take your point , but politically the expressions proeu and better together are never used analogously . 
  while the conservative party 's policy is to stay in the eu , this is conditional on a renegotiation , a repatriation of powers and a referendum and many conservative mps are openly in favour of the uk pulling out . 
  to put this in the same category as the lib dems or any of the federalist politicians like schulz or junker strikes me as somehow misleading . 
  it is an entirely different political position . 
  do you consider a conservative vote to be pro-eu ? 
  conservative policy is to bring back powers from brussels to westminster and to renegotiate the treaties so that `` ever closer union '' no longer applies to the uk . 
  even though the uk is not in schengen , all eu free movement legislation applies to the uk as it applies elsewhere in the eu . 
  so i do n't think lack of membership of schengen is relevant in these circumstances . 
  you do n't have to read the manifesto - i was more interested to know whether their manifesto was `` something that bothered you '' or something that you think is `` far right '' . 
  in my mind there is a big difference !, 
  the only reason i used that figure was because i was responding to another redditor who used it . 
  however , i would be pleased to know what the actual figure was , and i apologise if i used a figure incorrectly . 
  yes , canada is n't in a union . 
  but this is ukip 's policy , to leave the union and become more like a canada or a new zealand . 
  not being in a union does not make you far right . 
  the uk will stay a close ally with the eu even once we leave . 
  we ca n't change geography and history !, 
  [ can you point to me what you have read in their local manifesto that you consider far right ? 
  ] ( http://www.ukip-ynl.org/ukip-manifesto-2014.pdf ) it looks like regular true blue british tea or beer drinking populism to me !, 
  just because something is a sensible pr move , does n't also mean it is n't the right thing to do anyway . 
  sometimes these two concepts happily coincide ... 
  germany also scares me every now and then . 
  having said that , there is a small minority of people in the uk that are also saying ukraine = nazi . 
  so maybe my own country should scare me too . 
  in sweden , if there was public data that 28,000 romanians were held for crimes in stockholm , would this become a political issue that politicians could comment on ? 
  in my mind this is the kind of thing that politicians should be able to discuss . 
  also , ukip 's policy is simply that it should be the westminster government that controls immigration rather than brussels and that there should be a points system , like canada . 
  in my mind wanting to copy a canadian policy is not far right ( unless you also think that the canadian government is a far right one ) . 
  everything is fair comment , of course . 
  but i think you also need to look at the fact that bloom , pain and clarke all got expelled from ukip very quickly when you consider what they said . 
  ukip are now very efficient at expelling people from the party . 
  they are not quite so good at filtering councillors , but none of the parties are . 
  and ukip are getting much better at that . 
  elected political representatives within the member states can and should obviously speak freely . 
  however , the eu should not use public money to promote a political cause like eu integration or to campaign against a political cause like euscepticism . 
  there is a difference between `` very right wing '' and `` far right '' and it is an important difference . 
  also , i find it odd to judge a political party on the basis of what you think their hidden base urges might be . 
  i think it makes more sense to judge them on the basis of their policies and rhetoric . 
  their policies are certainly populist , but hardly far right . 
  some of their rhetoric has , in my mind , been unfortunate . 
  however , i do n't think calling them far right makes any sense . 
  i 'm not whining , i 'm just discussing european politics on an internet forum . 
  i would have thought that others on this forum would want to discus this too . 
  yes , but the uk government will now use this to try and block schulz . 
  but the uk , when it leaves the eu , is going to keep trading with the eu . 
  the rest of the eu can become federal quicker , and keep the uk as a trading partner . 
  as you say , this makes sense for everyone . 
  compared to which german parties ? 
  the npd are far right in germany . 
  ukip are nothing like the npd . 
  even by swedish standards , i do n't think it makes sense to call ukip far right . 
  wanting to pull the uk out of the eu is not far right . 
  repealing the hra is not far right . 
  britain had long tradition of rights before the hra . 
  reduction of immigration is not far right either . 
  is increasing the amount of immigration a far left policy ? 
  ukip 's policy is to make westminster in control of immigration rather than brussels and for the uk to adopt a canadian style points system . 
  is the canadian government far right ? 
  the green party have an anti science energy policy . 
  are they far right ? 
  increasing the uk 's military budget is not far right . 
  the whole of europe has been discussing increasing military budgets after crimea . 
  zero tolerance for crime is populist , but it really is n't far right . 
  recusing ties to the eu to trade is what most people in the uk want and what the uk thought it was signing up to i. 
  the first place . 
  this really is not far right . 
  being german partly might mean that you are too sensitive to perceiving a party as far right , even without evidence . 
  but i think this time , by your own admission , you made a judgment before you had looked into it . 
  i hope now that you have looked into it you are prepared to withdraw your comment . 
  i accept that ukip are populist and conservative , but to call them far right strikes me as poor political judgment . 
  haha : we could have had the london flag in that picture too . 
  yeah , some british meps will do this too . 
  however , the british public have had enough . 
  the eu should not start this massive propaganda campaign as this would be a waste of tax-payers money . 
  the uk should refuse to let the eu use public money to make a political campaign like this in the uk . 
  it would be completely contrary to democracy . 
  i 'm not sure what being german has to do with it . 
  ukip 's main policy is to pull the uk out of the eu , which obviously is n't far right . 
  ukip 's is policy short in other areas , but it is totally incorrect to call them `` far right '' . 
  this is partly why ukip were correct to go into the elections specially unaligned with france 's fn . 
  in britain , the far right are doing much worse . 
  the far right is likely to lose both of its current meps , which is very good news for the uk . 
  inside the eu , the uk is unable to make free trade agreements with the rest of the globe . 
  given the changing balance to the world 's economy , this is somewhat regressive . 
  ukip 's policies are neither xenophobic not racist . 
  it is true that some prospective councillors have come out with racist statements . 
  but ukip have been quick to remove them from the party . 
  also , ukip 's number of dodgy councillors is not disproportionate from other parties . 
  i think ukip 's likely position on scotland is going to be a federal uk , with scotland having devo max . 
  this would be my preference too . 
  obviously , everything depends on what the scots want . 
  one of the reasons it did n't pass was because once the uk parliament voted , the narrative changed in the us too .
