  there 's no way that the promised `` more powers '' will appear . 
  why not ? 
  scotland got devolution , did n't they ? 
  scotland already has extensive powers in relation to health , education and a range of other things . 
  scotland is having a legally binding referendum on independence !, 
  i see devomax as absolutely on the cards sometime in the future . 
  the trend is more powers to scotland . 
  what makes you so sure that you wo n't get further taxation powers ? 
  or borrowing powers ? 
  what other powers would you want scotland to have ? 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_income_equality check the last list : oecd countries after taxes and transfers . 
  uk is second worse in europe , after portugal . 
  thanks . 
  i 've seen other studies ( with other methodologies ) saying different things , but i take your point . 
   for what is worth , i perceive a huge cultural divide between the higher educated , rich people who would never base their opinion on a tabloid , and all the rest . 
  then there 's the case of social benefits , huge neighbourhoods/ghetto where 3 generations are surviving without a job , and so on . 
  there is a cultural divide ( typified by tabloids versus broadsheets ) and britain does have a strong ( though hard to explain ) class system . 
  however , people do n't really vote along class lines . 
  and while a lot of the tabloids are broadly eusceptic ( mail , express , sun ) , others are very pro-eu ( mirror , star ) and of the broadsheets some are pro-eu ( guardian , independent , financial times ) but others are very sypathetic to farage/eusceptic ( telegraph , times ) . 
  also , the people that farage tries to speak most directly to , are not those on social benefits . 
  farage 's main voice goes to the so called `` working poor '' , upper working class or lower middle class types . 
  it is these people , in the middle of the british class system , that are the key constituency . 
  they won elections for thatcher and won elections for blair . 
   yes , but if it is the man of the streets farage appeals to , and the man of the street distrusts tories and labour ... there are more men of the street than others . 
  could n't ukip get the numbers then?or are people only voting them for their stance on europe , and they like nothing else ? 
  we will see . 
  first past the post is a very unforgiving system to new-comers and smaller parties . 
  at the last general election ukip got 3 % of the vote . 
  even if ukip get 18 % of the vote in the general election in 2015 , an improvement that is unheard of in a few hundred years of british electoral history , they will end up with zero seats . 
  but we will see . 
   england gave the tories a majority , and scotland gave the tories one seat . 
  we end up with a tory-lib dem coaltion . 
  an unusual situation . 
  35.6 % of scots voted for one of the coalition parties , thus i 'm not sure that scots are terribly hard done by this time round . 
  my own personal preference would be for scotland to have devo-max . 
  i half expect that this is what scotland will end up with . 
   i 'm not really against coalitions , in truth . 
  nevermind . 
  well - in that case i suppose you do n't mind the fact that nobody voted for the current uk governement ... :-), 
   would you say that liberalism in the uk has brought to rampant inequality ? 
  i do n't think inequality in the uk is actually that different from most of europe . 
  in my view farage 's popularity is n't really to do with `` social class '' or `` cultural difference '' , it is more that he appears to be a political outsider , speak plainly , have a sense of humour , be at home with a pint in the pub , be a bit of a `` cheeky chappie '' and have a genuine political ideology . 
  clegg , cameron and miliband all seem the opposite of this , they represent the political class . 
   also , if this vote reflects this class divide , what will happen in the next national elections?could ukip make it there too ? 
  the most likely outcome is that ukip get zero seats or perhaps a handful of seats at the most . 
  the political landscape in britain changes very very slowly compared to italy . 
  it is more than 150 years since anyone has been in power in britain other than the conservatives , labour or the liberals . 
   well , i 'd prefer actual democracy to giving this power to a government elected by nobody ( like the coalition ! ), 
  or elected by less than half of the population ( like the labour government ! ) . 
  i understand where you 're coming from , but i am a bit surprised you do n't think coalitions are democratic . 
  coalition governments have been in place in most of europe in much of recent european history . 
  if the current uk government does n't represent democracy , have germany , netherlands , italy , sweden etc not had any democractic governments since the war ? 
  the electorate never vote for a coalition . 
   actually vb is bigger then fn in it 's own country i think . 
  i think that 's partly because of electoral systems though ? 
  do n't opinion polls put fn on more than 20 % of the vote , but vb on less than 10 % ? 
   i do n't know why fn gets that media coverage though . 
  is it coverage outside of the recent elections ? 
  fn have had quite a bif of media coverage for a long time in the uk . 
  this is partly because the uk press covers french politics in more detail than belgian politics and partly because jm le pen did get to the final round of the french presidential elections a few years back . 
  i 'm not sure vb have ever done something so newsworthy . 
   it gives david cameron the power to veto something , yes . 
  do you think all national vetos should be removed ? 
  do you think the uk should have a referendum on eu membership ? 
   so what would be the good aspect of him ? 
  clearly there must be something positive i did not see . 
  he seems pretty uksceptic and will likely have rhetoric that many brits will hate . 
  this will give a big boost to ukip . 
   also , i 'm not willing to let european liberal democracies fall and personally am willing to die to defend them . 
  which european liberal democracies are in danger of falling ? 
   moving from unanimity to majority voting is not a transfer of power . 
  unanimity gives the uk the power to veto something . 
  majority voting removes that power . 
   pretty funny that the `` the eu is undemocratic '' party gets fairer representation in the eu parliament than in its national one . 
  the main argument of ukipers is not that the eu is undemocratic . 
  it 's that we do n't want the current level of sovereignty to be pooled . 
   what transfers ? 
  what powers ? 
  the necessary removal of vetoes due to the 2004 expansion ? 
  you can call it a transfer of powers or you can call it a necessary removal of vetoes . 
  in either case , we did not get a referendum on it , which in part explains the anger now . 
   not having representation in europe though is definitely a better way to show discontent though . 
  it 's not so much about showing discontent , it 's about trying to leave the eu . 
   i forgot to add , if you really want to leave the eu you should vote for ukip in national elections because all you get from voting them in ep elections is no representation in the european parliament . 
  this is ultimately true , but the way uk domestic politics works , with the fptp system , is that it is extremely difficult for new parties to get electoral representation . 
  ukip voters do n't care about representation in the european parliament . 
  they care about changing politics in westminster , and by voting ukip in the european elections the dialogue in westminster shifts . 
   vlaams belang , order and justic and the slovak national party seem to walk along similar lines i think . 
  i did n't know anything about these parties , but have now googled them . 
  from a brief google it does seem that vlaams belang and the slovak national party seem to walk similar lines to the front national . 
  i was less sure with order and justice . 
  i suppose the difference between these parties and the front national is that ( a ) they are quite a bit smaller than the fn , both within their own countries and on the european stage and ( b ) they get zero media coverage in the uk ( whereas the fn get quite a bit ) . 
  they also struck me as extremely different in background/origins from ukip . 
   if you vote for ukip in the european elections , you might as well just throw your ballot in the bin . 
  ukip does n't vote in the ep , which effectively means that voting for ukip will reduce british influence and power in the ep . 
  the purpose of voting ukip in the european elections is not to increase british influence in the ep . 
  it is to move the political dialogue and goalposts in the uk . 
   you think ? 
  are n't there a few parties of similar calibre in the efd ? 
  for example ?
