  if the argument is taken away from farage , leave has a much better chance of winning this . 
  it is better to allow 50.0000001 to decide than to allow 49.99999999 to decide . 
  there is no status quo option . 
  i personally do n't think support has tumbled this much . 
  at the time of the june poll showing 61 % support for remain , a lot of people i know thought that that poll was simply a rogue poll . 
  61 % for remain was highest level of support for decades after all and very out of line with other polls conducted at the same time . 
  i think support for the eu has fallen by a small amount . 
  the other interesting thing is that we are starting to see a bit of a difference between the internet polls and the telephone polls . 
  people living in scotland were n't automatically given the right to vote . 
  some foreigners were , others were n't . 
  in every country in the world the rights and responsibilities of citizens are different from those of non-citizens . 
  if people do not feel suffienciently involved with a nation to want citizenship , they should not get the same voting rights . 
   but those eu citizens in question are in danger of losing their voice here and if that attempt would be successful their right would be taken away . 
  to be completely clear , it is n't really the case that a right is taken away , because currently nobody has the right to vote on this referendum . 
  the legislation has not yet been passed giving anyone the right . 
  so it is n't really a question of a right being taken away , but more a question of a right not being given . 
  however , they can become british citizens if they want to vote . 
   no , because i am dealing with the status quo , wherein the out campaign is trying to remove rights currently granted to commonwealth citizens . 
  he is inventing a fictitious one , wherein eu citizens are given a right they do n't have . 
  he is , then , not mistaken but spreading a lie to support his politics . 
  there is n't really a status quo , because there is n't currently a law in place . 
  as the electoral commission has noted , each referendum in the uk is treated differently . 
  parliament are currently enacting the law on the franchise for this referendum . 
  as legislation is passed , it is proper for people to be able to voice their opinions on what the law should be . 
  some people have argued that the franchise should be altered . 
  these include migrationwatch , who have argued that it should be narrowed and other groups who have argued that it should include all eu nationals living in the uk . 
   the out campaign is , by definition , trying to change or suspend british law to it 's personal advantage . 
  that is entirely and solely the purpose of this recommendation . 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  the law has not yet been created . 
  as laws are enacted , of course people should express their views on what the law should be . 
  we should even when laws are in place be able to campaign to change them . 
  that is called a liberal democracy . 
  no , look at his previous sentence :  besides , i could just as easily accuse the in side of campaigning to include groups who do n't normally have the vote just for their own benefit . 
  you argued that the outcampaign is trying to change the franchise to its advantage . 
  for him to argue that the in campaign are doing the same thing is on point . 
  i ca n't see any mistakes he has made . 
   that was / u/davidcamoron 's mistake or wilfull lie from the start . 
  he has n't made any lies . 
   a friend lived in her native germany until she was 50 . 
  she has lived here 15 years . 
  her german state pension is worth considerably more than her british one would be . 
  she 's married to an englishman and lives in england , she plans to stay here for the rest of her life . 
  she would n't have to give up her state pension . 
  germany allows dual uk/german nationality . 
  if germany were to refuse to continue to pay her a state pension just because she has dual nationality , then in my view it is the german government that is at fault . 
  if she wants to stay in the uk for the rest of her life and wants to be able to influence uk politics , she should apply for british nationality . 
  just as british people permanently resident in germany can not vote in german elections even though those things affect them , it is the same in the uk . 
   i know its unlikely that you care because you want out , but surely it should be fair that she be entitled to vote in this and not lose out on something she spent more than 30 years of her life working for ? 
  i am someone who has lived abroad and not been citizen of that country and not been able to vote there . 
  i know what it is like . 
  however , what i care about is good democracy . 
  if you want to really influence a country , you should apply for citizenship of that country . 
   because citizenship is a long and expensive process it is shorter in the uk then most countries . 
  if you see the uk as your permanent home , then become a citizen . 
  if you do n't see the uk as your permanent home , then do n't expect to have the same voting rights as citizens . 
  this is plain common sense . 
   that many people never believed they would have to go through in order to remain in the country that has become home to them . 
  this about franchise for the eu referendum . 
  it is not about remaining in the uk . 
  if they want the uk to be their home , why would they not want to be citizens ? 
   of course it recommends none . 
  the vast majority of countries in the world extend the franchise for national elections and referendums to citizens . 
  this is a normal position , not an extreme one . 
  you just said yourself that you would be comfortable with it being citizens only . 
  you agree with the recommendations of this report . 
   i couldnt care less for `` historic connections '' , might as well let the indians , pakistanis , canadians , etc all vote then if they 're using the `` commonwealth '' defence . 
  currently , all commonwealth citizens with indefinite right to remain in the uk can vote . 
   personally i think it should be the right of all people who have been permanently resident for more than 5 years or whatever the citizenship threshold is , as those people have invested a lot of time into the country . 
  if you meet the citizenship threshold and want to vote , then you can become a citizen . 
  if you do n't want to become a citizen , why should you be allowed to vote   either all of them or none of them personally , and i 'm very much on the `` in '' side . 
  this report , which recommends none of them , would therefore meet your own preferences . 
   no , it 'd be more like giving people from england , wales and ni resident in scotland the right to vote in that referendum ... which is exactly what happened . 
  there is no way of distinguishing someone from england resident in scotland from someone from scotland resident in scotland , because there is no separate nationality . 
  this is not the case in relation to the uk and the rest of the eu . 
  yes , if they have lived overseas for less than 15 years . 
  commonwealth citizens and eu citizens . 
  it did not include scottish people living outside of scotland . 
  there was never the right of eu citizens ( other than irish , cypriot and maltese citizens permanently resident in the uk ) to take part in this referendum . 
  it is not being taken away . 
  this is why the uk traditionally allowed commonwealth and irish citizens resident in the uk to vote . 
  however , i think very few countries do this . 
  scotland 's franchise included some foreigners but not others . 
   i still think it is unfair for eu nationals not to be able to vote on national elections if they pay their taxes here , the same goes for working uk nationals or retired ones . 
  personally i think if you see somewhere as your permanent home , acquire nationality . 
  if you do n't see somewhere as your permanent home , then you do n't have the same interest in voting as someone who does see it as their permanent home . 
   you 're very welcome to pay our taxes so you can support benefit-sucking-ukip-voters among other things but fuck your voice . 
  portuguese nationals in the uk are already not on the franchise . 
  it is n't a question of excluding them . 
  they are already not able to vote in the referendum , just as they ca n't vote in the uk general election and just as british people resident in portugal can not vote in the portuguese general election . 
  this is about irish and commonwealth citizens . 
  i do n't think this is possible in time for the referendum . 
  the uk does not have a franchise relating to british nationality . 
  for general elections , the franchise is british nationals in the uk , british nationals who have lived overseas for less than 15 years , irish citizens and commonwealth citizens who are permanently resident in the uk . 
  for eu elections , the franchise is uk and eu citizens who are permanently resident in the uk . 
  if the franchise should be changed it should be changed for general elections generally . 
  not just for this specific referendum . 
   it 's great to live on an island indeed . 
  shakespeare was very insightful when he wrote : '' * this royal throne of kings , this sceptred isle , this earth of majesty , this seat of mars , this other eden , demi-paradise , this fortress built by nature for herself against infection and the hand of war , this happy breed of men , this little world , this precious stone set in the silver sea , which serves it in the office of a wall or as a moat defensive to a house , against the envy of less happier lands , -- this blessed plot , this earth , this realm , this england * ''  solve your foreign policy problems . 
  what to do about europe has been our main foreign policy problem for the last 1,000 years .
