   greece must be punished very harshly this seems to be a widespread feeling among greece 's partners . 
   pretty much everything that needs to be done is for the countries to be penalized when discovered to conduct espionage within the same alliances ( such as eu or nato ) . 
  this is not going to happen . 
  the uk would never agree to this . 
  there is zero appetite in the uk to stop spying . 
   it is hypocritical if strurgeon calls for a debt relief since she should know that , if the money was owed to britain , she would neither have a parliamentary nor a public majority for debt relief . 
  there is some money owed to the uk , via the imf , though obviously this is a small amount when compared to the eurozone . 
  in the event that a serious amount of money were owed to the uk , there is a fair chance that we would still be hearing the same thing from sturgeon . 
  the fact that there would be a massive parliamentary majority against debt relief would allow her to signal her virtue , safe in the knowledge that her tax-payers would n't be exposed . 
  conceptually , though , this is a bit of a tricky issue for sturgeon . 
  one of the reasons that scots voted to stay part of the uk was because the `` yes '' campaign had no convincing argument to the currency question and the `` no '' campaign were able to exploit that and argue that an independent scotland would be forced into the euro . 
  the more we see negative headlines about greece and the euro , the longer this question remains a problem for the snp . 
  greece can only continue in the eurozone in the long term if it gets a massive debt restructuring . 
  at some stage , the debt just has to be pooled or written off . 
  the fact that this is politically unpalatable in the reurozone does not change the economics . 
  if the reurozone really wanted the euro to work , they would be moving towards pooling the current greek debt . 
  the five presidents report was astonishing in this regard , creating a ten year plan for enhancing monetary union while ignoring the massive urgent problem that needs to be resolved right now !, 
  separately , i have a hard time believing that by greece leaving the euro they are really undermining the rule of law . 
  this is obviously a bit of a special case . 
  yes , they have fucked up , but they are not the only ones . 
  everybody now admits that the eurozone was not created perfectly and that greece was a victim of that . 
  the imf 's recent mea culpa on the first bailout , the multiple economists who have said that the eurozone needs to be a fiscal union give strong backing to the greek position . 
  i agree that there is every chance that the greek government could collapse . 
  but greeks seem to be getting increasingly angry and the next government might not necessarily be a nice moderate one . 
  we 're creating a perfect recipe for even more extremism . 
  the long term political fall out from this is going to be extraordinary . 
  if by `` get out '' you mean getting out of the euro then i agree , assuming in the event of a `` no '' vote there is no agreement with the reurozone , then effectively they will be forced to create a new currency . 
  i do n't understand the people that are arguing that this leads them automatically out of the eu though . 
  to me it seems that being an uncooperative member of the eu gives them maximum leverage and i ca n't think how they could be got rid of , or even if the reurozone would want them to leave the eu . 
  or would they ? 
  would you want them to leave the eu if they print the drachma ? 
  i think more of his political arguments than his legal arguments . 
  on the question of payments by greek in ious , greece has a relatively easy way out as a matter of law . 
  it can pretend that the ious are not legal tender , but vouchers or tokens . 
  ( some work places already in other member states already pay some salary and other benefits in tokens , for tax reasons and there is nothing illegal in this . ), 
  i agree this is not a long term practical solution . 
  in the long term , greece should probably just brazen it out and refuse to pay out any successful claims against them . 
  that 's the interesting thing about claims against sovereigns , if they do n't co-operate essentially your claim against them is worthless . 
  your link did not make any serious legal argument about greece being forced to leave the eu if it leaves the euro . 
  i do n't think there is a loophole , but separately i do n't think that an individual receiving a new drachma would necessarily be able to sue the greek state for a euro . 
  at least , i am not aware of any clear legal basis for such a right and i think for such a right to exist it would need to be explicit . 
  separately , even if such a complainant were able to win this kind of case against the greek state , i 'm not sure why they would bother trying , given their legal costs . 
  how would they enforce their right ? 
  the kind of greek state that happily defaults against the imf is just going to add this obligation to its growing list of other unpaid debts . 
  there is no legal mechanism for greece to create a new currency within the eu , but it does not follow from this ( as a matter of law ) that if it does it has to leave the eu . 
  it will just create a new currency in breach of the law . 
  there is no explicit sanction for this and there is no mechanism for making greece leave the eu . 
   it 's exactly what friedman said : `` i believe that adoption of the euro would have the opposite effect . 
  it would exacerbate political tensions by converting divergent shocks that could have been readily accommodated by exchange rate changes into divisive political issues . 
  political unity can pave the way for monetary unity . 
  monetary unity imposed under unfavorable conditions will prove a barrier to the achievement of political unity . '', 
  this is interesting and in line with many of the debates that took place in the uk house of commons in the early to mid 90s , which i have just been reading . 
  [ see this gem from labour mp , peter shore , in 24 march 1993 ( refreshingly , these debates took place well into the night ) ] ( http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/commons/1993/mar/24/treaty-on-european-union#s6cv0221p0_19930324_hoc_527 ) :  `` i am wholly unconvinced about the case for a single currency , which is central to the whole argument . 
  it would be a serious mistake if we were to allow ourselves to be absorbed into a single currency , partly because of the difficult issue of convergence . 
  we have had debates about convergence , purely monetarist indicator convergence and what we sometimes call convergence in real economic aggregates . 
   there is one particular difficulty about convergence . 
  let us suppose that , at one particular point in time , it could be arranged that all the countries which were potential or candidate members to join the single currency were all enjoying balance of payments equilibrium , full employment and other ideal circumstances . 
  even if it were possible at that moment to set up a single currency , it could not last . 
  the conditions would change , and we all know the reasons . 
  there is a dynamic working with different force and at a different speed in different parts of the vast area which would be formed in western europe , and including the united kingdom . 
  the factors operating in different countries , and perhaps in different regions , are so clearly visible that the dream of a single currency looks like a nightmare when we start to consider the consequences of being locked into a single currency when there are differential rates of growth . 
   i did a simple calculation about relative movements in the growth of gross domestic product in the seven major economies of the western world . 
  i took 1989 as 100 for all of them . 
  by the end of this year , the estimates are as follows : france , which starts as 100 in 1989 , reaches 107 by the end of 1993 ; germany , which startes at 100 , ends at 111 ; japan , which also starts at 100 , ends at 114 ; but the united kingdom , which started at 100 in 1989 , will be 99 at the end of 1993 . 
  within four years , there is a spread of rates of growth , ranging from 14 per cent . 
  for japan and minus 1 per cent . 
  for britain . 
  that could be different at different times , or we may do much better . 
   however , if there were no means of adjusting the rate of exchange of the yen and the pound -- if they were frozen together -- the consequences for the pound and the united kingdom would be very severe . 
  throughout the history of the world economy as it has developed , there have always been movements and adjustments between currencies . 
  there must be , otherwise there would be no tolerable way of making adjustments other than accepting that in the areas that are doing less well than others there would be constantly rising unemployment , whereas in the areas of great prosperity there would be ever-increasing investment . 
  there would be an ever-increasing movement of people from the depressed areas to the areas that were doing well . 
   we know all this from our experience in our own country over the years . 
  in the past we have had to use powerful instruments of regional policy to correct the tendency . 
  the alternative would have been to let the south of england drain the north , scotland and a large part of wales , and let people crowd into the south -- as happened to a large extent in the inter-war years . 
   if there is a single currency in europe , inevitably there will be a differential rate of growth . 
  we know where the strongest economy in the european community is located -- it is still in germany , and when germany has absorbed the former east germany it will be the super-economy of the european continent . 
  the effect of that on the united kingdom and on other economies that are not as powerful , and are not growing as fast , will be as i have described . 
  they will experience either rising unemployment or a substantial movement of their people and their investment to the areas of greatest growth . '', 
   so yeah , greece does not have the intellectual capacity to manage a transition like this gracefully and even if it did there are external factors that would pose extremely dangerous risks . 
  i 'm not convinced that the current greek government is quite the right one to do the grexit gracefully . 
  i also think that as you say there are external risks too . 
  but at this stage in the game , it is a question of the least worst option . 
  in the long term i think your prospects in the euro are definitely awful . 
  outside , you have a chance . 
  any hungarian speakers able to further translate / explain the humour ? 
   obviously my hopes that the euro will turn into a fiscal union ( or something resembling or approaching a fiscal union ) in the medium term have been greatly diminished . 
  the more it becomes economically necessary , the less it becomes politically possible . 
   this story will not have a happy ending . 
  in the short term , it is hard to see any good outcomes . 
  however , i do n't think we should be so negative in the longer term as history remains an uncertain process , ready to present us with surprises now and then . 
   what is the erm ? 
  the failed precursor to the euro ( also that failure is the reason why the uk is so adamantly opposed to the euro ) . 
  interestingly , black wednesday is not only the reason why the uk is so opposed to the euro , it is also the reason why many brits believe that , in the long run , greece will be better off with the drachma . 
  a month or so after crashing out of the erm and thinking it was all a national disaster , we suddenly found ourselves wondering what the fuss was about . 
  in the years subsequent to black wednesday the uk economy , with a currency floating freely , found itself quickly growing again . 
  i appreciate that the issues that the greek economy has now are far more complex than those facing the uk economy in the early 90s , but , fundamentally , the arguments are exactly the same . 
  this also explains why the uk is relaxed , even now , at the relatively large devaluations and revaluations the gbp has had against the eur is the last five years or so . 
  essentially these fluctuations reflect the fact that the uk economy is not in synch with the eurozone economy . 
  separately , a few months ago i asked you whether you would remain committed to greece being in the euro if the eurozone was not going to become a fiscal union .
