  on to your specific question , they earned more than a million by contributing to a very profitable industry . 
  they contribute to society by paying huge sums in taxation . 
  the point is that those eastern europeans that come to the uk and work and do n't claim benefits will not be impacted by cameron 's proposals . 
  those eastern europeans who arrive , work for a period , then fall on hard times and claim benefits will also not be impacted . 
  the only people that will be impacted will be the people that arrive and then claim benefits immediately . 
  typically an eastern european who moves to , for example , france , italy or spain will not be able to claim benefits immediately . 
  so is it really unfair for britain to adopt this position too ? 
  no harm done !, 
  the removal of tony blair was very similar to the removal of margaret thatcher . 
  the situation in ukraine is more significant though . 
  in the uk example we just had a change to the head of government . 
  in ukraine it will be a change to the head of state . 
  perhaps you do n't want the uk to be relevant , but it is hard to argue that it is n't . 
  it still one of the largest economies in the world , one of the largest militaries and a permanent member of the un security council . 
  it is a key member of nato , the eu and the commonwealth . 
  it also has a huge cultural influence across the globe in terms of things like language , sport , pop music , the royal family ... 
  and this poll was a shock to whom ? 
  increasingly the brits want out ... 
  in my view , a very aggressive response to a fairly measured remark is n't justified even if that measured remark is a cumulative comment . 
  responses should be proportionate . 
  we have very easy access to canada , australia , new zealand etc and pretty easy to kenya , india . 
  ireland ( not part of the commonwealth of course ! ), 
  and britain have long had a common travel zone with no passport controls . 
  also , the british and irish can vote in each other 's general elections . 
  i expect scotland would want the same arragement if it becomes independent . 
  haha !, 
  there was an interesting study of attitudes to the eu in different states recently . 
  some surprising results . 
  yes , for the settlement of trades . 
  this gives london a big advantage over e.g. 
  nyc or singapore as trades from more places can settle via london . 
  it also gives london a small advantage over frankfurt as london has an extra hour to deal with nyc . 
  i know it sounds a bit crazy , but these things make a difference !, 
  overreact much ? 
  do you think his point deserved your reaction ? 
  ( 1 ) legal system , ( 2 ) language , ( 3 ) time zone , ( 4 ) tax rates , ( 5 ) , concentration of professional services e.g law / accountancy , ( 6 ) flexible workforce , ( 6 ) tradition , ( 7 ) prestige , ( 8 ) cultural benefits etc etc. 
  all of these things contribute to london 's dominance in financial services . 
  maybe denmark should join moscow time , 
  if anything it is overtaking nyc in some areas ( fx trading , oil and gas stocks , alternative capital etc ) . 
  in other areas , nyc is ahead ( technology stocks ) . 
  you get a flag in the nordic countries reddit pages ? 
  they 're not in the eu . 
  a few years ago there was a chance that frankfurt would become a big financial centre , but that moment passed . 
  london has too many advantages, 
  i would n't invest . 
  lots of risks ... 
  westminster did not lose confidence in margaret thatcher , it was her cabinet that lost confidence in her and forced a vote among the parliamentary conservative party to remove her as leader of the conservative party . 
  there was never a vote by all mps and not a general election . 
  ( i know , i know , uk constitution is confusing ! ), 
  part of the reason britain gets long winter nights is because of having a different latitude than france . 
  even if england were to move to cet , scotland would n't . 
  in winter it already only gets light at 9:00 in scotland ... 
  suck on that france , 
  i work daily with people around the globe . 
  it is pretty easy to get in contact with everyone in europe . 
  it is not too bad to contact east coast usa or moscow . 
  the real difficulty is speaking to tokyo or even worse , australia ... 
  in britain , we never take an hour for lunch and lots of us just eat at our desks . 
  i find it difficult to contact luxemburgers or italians . 
  they seem to take long lunch breaks . 
  typical scotch , ca n't take a joke , 
  the humour is deliberately british , which is actually rather interesting . 
  those romanians really understand their audience . 
  they are very regulated . 
  the european credit rating agencies regulation was changed massively from this summer . 
  it is a very poor piece of legislation though , not because it is watered down , but because it is so unclear . 
  it makes it very hard for me to advise my clients about it ... 
  but not everyone is on the same time zone . 
  currently if you live in spain , but travel to london , lisbon , helsinki , moscow , athens , tokyo , new york etc you have to change . 
  places are naturally in different time zones . 
  changing does not have a disadvantage . 
  that is true . 
  though people often vote differently in european elections from national elections . 
  and therefore ? 
  you ignore them when you invest ? 
  or what ? 
  yes , participation in us elections is very low compared to most of the world . 
  that is the point i am making . 
  50 % is not an accurate figure . 
  i like the way uk and portugal share a time zone that is different from the rest of europe . 
  ( ok , maybe ireland too ... ) it reminds me of the anglo-portuguese alliance , the oldest diplomatic alliance in the world . 
  not sure if we want the spanish on gmt , 
  this is contrary to eu law then . 
  much will depend on the detail of how difficult it is to get into the system . 
  the big three credit ratings agencies , moody 's , standard and poors and fitch have a very similar level of value . 
  after that there are a whole host of smaller players , though none if these have a big market share . 
  there is currently a lot of changes to eu and us legislation to try and end the dominance of the big three . 
  so far , this legislation has not been successful as it was written in such a rush and is very unclear and difficult to apply and is also quite contradictory . 
  perhaps time will tell , but i am not hopeful . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't think it would get through parliament . 
  david cameron , given the choice between a fight in westminster he would n't win and a fight in brussels that he could win , is choosing the latter . 
  but we shall see . 
  sooner or later angie is gon na press print . 
  the dutch have have an intelligence agency ? 
  who knew ? 
  do n't worry - we will take it down one day !, 
  they have been talking about a federation for years . 
  britain is not gon na let it happen . 
  for the last 400 years britain has been successful in ensuring that no power dominates europe .
