   and i thought politics were meant to represent people . 
  politics does multiple things , one of them being representation . 
  there are multiple different systems for `` representation '' . 
   i thought milliband had resigned already ? 
  he will soon . 
   anyway , i do n't expect the fallout to be that significant for the rest of europe . 
  yes , there will be a referendum , but i expect the uk to remain in the eu , so if anything it will bring more certainty . 
  of course , now we 'll see cameron 's renegotiation attempt , but i would n't expect too much to come from it . 
  personally i think that the renegotiation will have to be a big one , because otherwise there is no way of solving greece . 
  also , i think angela will be desperate not to lose the uk and aware that the uk are capable of voting in surprising ways . 
  i think the uk 's negotiating hand just got quite a bit stronger . 
  now confirmed that he has resigned . 
   it 's not like euroscepticism or anti-immigrant sentiment is going to disappear if we ignore it . 
  this uk parliament is likely the most eurosceptic ever . 
  have you heard of the conservative party ?!, 
  these people know how to be eusceptic !, 
   as much as i dislike farage , this is ridiculous . 
  personally i voted for ukip , but i do n't think it is ridiculous and i still like the uk 's electoral system . 
  politics is n't meant to be easy . 
  facing vageries of the electorate is meant to be humbling . 
  there is nothing i like more than seeing , in the small hours of the morning , in rather small british town , a row of candidates ( some famous some not known ) at all having to face the british public and being surprised by them . 
   small minded islander mentality that refuses to realise that britain is part of europe . 
  no , euscepticism is about recognising that britain is part of the globe , not just europe . 
  i think it will be within the next hour . 
  milliband and clegg also due to resign within a few hours . 
  this is a crazy historic day in uk electoral history . 
  this could potentially have huge european fall-out . 
   this graph says otherwise . 
  the situation is n't ideal , but it is being dealt with rather well given the lack of institutional capacity that the eu had to address the issue from the outset . 
  not really . 
  interest rates are not really the only measure of a crisis . 
  actually , what is going on in greece has a very big impact in the uk . 
  the greek problem is n't being well-managed , it is a classic case of `` amend , extend and pretend '' . 
  yes , but a general renegotiation needs to happen involving the eurozone too . 
  look at greece and be realistic . 
  labour 's best ever political performances were based on copying other parties . 
  blair essentially copied thatcherism in many ways . 
   brexit polls suggest that the pro-eu side is gaining traction , not losing it . 
  do you know what one of the most interesting things about this result is ? 
  brits are not honest with opinion polls . 
  the polls got this election badly wrong . 
  and polls can shift dramatically over time . 
  the eu has had a tough time with referendums in the past . 
  time for angela to give brits some serious concessions . 
   not to mention that the bulk of labour voters supporting the eu and not being paranoid about immigration will have absolutely no reason to even consider voting them ever again . 
  no , the bulk of labour voters are indifferent to the eu and certainly not supportive . 
  this is why labour got so few votes in the eu elections . 
  this is why labour in their eu manifesto did not mention europe . 
  this is why the labour party specifically told martin schulz not to come to the uk to campaign in the eu elections , as they knew it would annoy their voters . 
  labour will do better if they adopt a more eusceptic stance and some of their former voters will go back to them . 
  they kind of are and they kind of are n't . 
  opinion polling of their voters shows they are less euphile than scots generally . 
  they do n't want in schengen and they do n't want in the euro . 
  there has to be a renegotiation . 
  it is urgent . 
  look at greece . 
  look at the eurozone generally . 
  it is n't working . 
  a renegotiation is needed or else there will be severe consequences for the eurozone . 
  becoming eusceptic will cause labour to gain votes not lose them . 
  it is popular in the uk . 
  the most eusceptic parties gained most votes . 
  the most euphile parties lost most votes . 
  there have already been calls for the labour party to change its stance . 
  they pulled an identity-breaking 180 on europe in the past . 
  there is no reason why they ca n't turn the full circle . 
  actually , referendums are complicated things , which ca n't be predicted . 
  we have a question of a renegotiation first , which will be very uncertain . 
  and we have a wild card : greece . 
  no closer to being solved . 
  what makes you sure 66 % of people oppose the conservatives ? 
  i was one of the people that voted for a different party , but i wanted the conservatives in government , with a majority . 
  labour are not interested in the eu , as you will shortly find out . 
  one of the reasons they lost this election was because they lost so many voters to ukip . 
  labour will now become an anti-immigration eusceptic party . 
  the renegotiation and the referendum will happen and change things . 
  watch and wait . 
  this is actually very needed by the eurozone , to solve the eurozone crisis . 
  you can thank the uk voters for making it possible . 
  harriet harman interim leader . 
  why wo n't she be better ? 
  her acceptance speech was decent and wee dougie was not that good . 
  milliband will be gone within 24 hours . 
  even the labour party . 
  the purpose of a voting system is not to help a particular party . 
  it is to choose a government . 
  what ? 
  you have totally misunderstood the significance of this for the eu . 
  the conservatives do not really care about the ecr . 
  the conservatives do not care about austerity in the eu ( the uk has higher budget deficits than the rest of the eu and refused to sign the fiscal compact ) . 
  the conservatives think that the eurozone should become a fiscal union and do n't believe in punishing greece . 
  the relevant story here is that there will be a renegotiation and a referendum . 
  i voted ukip and am happy with first past the post . 
  no , labour and the libdems voted to keep the constituency sizes unequal . 
  there is no way that that progressive alliance could come to pass !, 
  labour do not want it !, 
  seriously . 
  eu renegotiation here we come . 
  popcorn time . 
  hahaha !,
