  the working time directive is a directive enacted by the eu parliament and eu council . 
  the eu council and eu parliament have the power to overturn it and put in place different legislation in its stead or not put in place different legislation in its stead . 
  by moving that power away from the eu to the uk is not removing rights . 
  it simply is a transfer of legislative power . 
  different uk political parties will have different views on what that legislation should be . 
  i can not understand why you think the uk parliament making a decision here is a removal of human rights . 
  even if you do regard the requirement within the wtd to be a human right ( though you have not at any stage tried to argue why you think it is , why 48 hours maximum per week is correct rather than say 47 or 49 ) it still does not follow that the uk , by making its own legislation in this area , is reducing human rights . 
  as for town councils deciding the working hours of the people that live there , i am all for it . 
  if the people of a given town want that power , i would strongly be in favour of giving it to them . 
  i 'm not afraid of local democracy , i strongly believe in it . 
  the council of europe has nothing to do with the working time directive . 
  there are plenty of countries that are signatories to the council of europe but do n't have the working time directive . 
  employment legislation in general and the working time directive in particular has multiple consequences , including on unemployment levels , the amount of money that is raised in taxation and so forth . 
  these things are fundamental to how we organize a nation . 
  they should be for the democratic parliament to decide . 
  also , you do need to address the question of why you think the wtd is the height of human rights and why what the uk puts in place instead would inevitably be worse . 
  obviously , different people in the uk have different views of what the uk 's employment legislation should look like . 
  some people will want it changed in one way , some in another way , we can have elections to make that decision and we can overturn those decisions in subsequent elections if we do not like the outcome . 
  to me calling this a diminution in human rights seems fairly unsophisticated . 
  look at the usa for example . 
  they do not have the wtd , and they work very long hours . 
  however , they also have unemployment levels which are much lower than those of the eu . 
  which of these is respecting human rights more , the one with workers with fewer rights or the one with fewer workers ? 
  this comes down to a question of values , but to argue that one system is inherently better than the other seems to be missing the point . 
  however , to take this decision away from the voter is regrettable . 
  i am in favour of trusting the voter with what rights the voter wants . 
  not really . 
  the uk government will put in place its own employment legislation , via the national democratic process . 
  if the british people do n't like it , they will be free to put in place a different govennment with a different manifesto and different proposals on what employment legislation should look like . 
  employment legislation is certainly a democratic question and we should allow national democracies to decide it . 
  we should not be afraid of national democracy . 
  separately , why on earth do you think that the working time directive is the peak of human rights ? 
  the working time directive has a limit on 48 hours per working week . 
  if another country put in place a limit of 47 , would that be better human rights in your view ? 
  what about a limit of 20 ? 
  or five ? 
  the uk parliament would vote against this i think . 
  freedom of movement of workers does not relate to crossing borders without a passport . 
  it relates to the right to work . 
  currently , you can not cross borders between the uk and france without a passport even though there is free movement of workers between the uk and france . 
  schengen and free movement are separate concepts . 
  the uk and ireland already had the cta before the uk and ireland had free movement of workers . 
  of course the uk and ireland can go back to having the cta without free movement of workers . 
  just because a british person will be able to cross from northern ireland to the roi without a passport this does not mean that that person has a right to work . 
  uk should opt out of this . 
  if you do n't think a country can respect human rights and not have the wtd , then the uk could get rid of the wtd and still respect human rights . 
  britain is n't leaving europe . 
  however , hopefully britain will leave the eu . 
  you will lose a bad tenant and gain a good neighbour . 
  i grew up in the home counties . 
  i do n't know anyone that would seriously liken germany now to the nazis . 
  i think you 're exaggerating . 
  why are you voting to remain ? 
  actually , it is considered extremely rude in the uk to compare what germany does to the nazis . 
  very few people do this . 
  norway is not within the tariff walls of the eu . 
  there are tariffs between the eu and norway for some products . 
  yet there are n't border checks between norway and sweden . 
  your argument for border checks between the uk and ireland make no sense . 
  this strikes me as an absurd position . 
  are you really arguing that no countries in the world other than those that implement the working time directive respect human rights ? 
  differently , look at the terrible unemployment levels in much of the eu . 
  in your world is a country with terrible unemployment levels respecting human rights more than one which uses its own parliament to decide working time legislation ? 
  and neither the uk or ireland are in schengen . 
  so why would there be passport controls between the uk and ireland ? 
  the working time directive does not fit anyone 's definition of human rights . 
  why would the eu customs union necessitate passport checks between the uk and ireland when it does n't between norway and sweden ? 
  given that afd only missed out by a small number of votes last time , and since then exceeded that share of the vote in the european parliament and have got into a number of state parliaments , i think it would be a brave betting man that would bet that they do n't get into the bundestag next time round . 
  if we look at voting trends in germany 's peers ( uk , france , denmark , sweden , finland , netherlands ) which are all seeing the populist right getting upwards of ten percent share of the vote , my expectation it is only a matter of time before a similar thing occurs in germany . 
  afd seems to be going through an exceptional amount of infighting and scandal at the moment . 
  but the same kind of infightung does n't seem to have really harmed somewhat similar parties in other countries , does it ? 
  germany does have a unique history which impacts german politics heavily . 
  we do n't yet know when or if the memory of that unique history will fade . 
  i 'm not sure why you have bothered writing this as we agree that the uk should leave the eu . 
  i am just pointing out that the funding of universities , science and research in the uk wo n't be damaged by leaving the eu . 
  instead , the uk will have more money to fund universities , science and research . 
  the uk is a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  outside the eu , the uk can pay the same amount to universities as is currently paid and have money left over . 
   that will be an issue , because ireland has to enforce eu custom rules , which require that everyone and everything that enters the eu has to be checked . 
  this does n't happen when people enter sweden from norway . 
  it wo n't have to happen when people enter the uk from ireland . 
  i do n't think the fact that it is run by politicians will make people wary . 
  instead i think it will give people confidence . 
  credibility is what the `` leave '' side particularly need . 
  this is the best of the `` leave '' groups so far . 
   \u2022 if the eu terminated the `` ever-closer union '' bit , would you be comfortable with eu membership ? 
  this would be a significant improvement for me , but not be sufficient . 
  things like common agricultural policy , common fishery policy and quite a bit of even the single market legislation i think is far too intrusive . 
  other things like inability to do own free trade deals also matter to me . 
  i am concerned both about future changes of the status quo . 
   what are the main reasons that you object to uk membership in the eu ? 
  national democracy is undermined . 
   what is the alternative that you propose ? 
  if it 's `` lone uk '' i think `` lone uk '' sounds a bit drastic . 
  however , `` lone japan '' , `` lone australia '' , `` lone canada '' , `` lone singapore '' and `` lone switzerland '' seem to manage fine . 
  why not `` lone uk '' ? 
  also , the uk wo n't really be alone . 
  the uk will continue to have a global network of diplomatic and trading alliances . 
  the uk is still going to be part of the un , the unsc , the commonwealth , nato and many other international organisations . 
   on the possibility of ( long-term ) military conflict with the eu ?
