  i 'm afraid you just did not understand the speech . 
  i think his commitment to liberalism , both political and economic , and what the uk can do for these values internationally , is very commendable . 
  [ here is another very good speech of his . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/beyond-brexit-a-global-britain ), 
  our international relations have n't been damaged . 
  i was not really a fan of boris before he became foreign secretary , but i have been impressed with his vision for his brief ( as shown in his speeches ) . 
   democracy came to dominate europe , not because of the eu agreed . 
  eu is primarily a consequence of democracy rather than a cause . 
  boris johnson is an incredibly good speaker . 
  [ his speech on liberalism at the conservative party conference was outstanding ] ( http://www.conservativehome.com/parliament/2016/10/britain-the-soft-power-superpower-of-global-liberalism-boris-johnsons-conservative-conference-speech-full-text.html ) and his recent foreign policy speeches have also been very good . 
  it is difficult to know what your point is , because for tax purposes places like bermuda do have access to the common market for most purposes . 
   countries outside the monetary union do n't have access to the common market . 
  every country in the world has access to the common market . 
  there is a difference between being in the common market and having access to it . 
  when we voted leave we ruined the circle jerk pretty badly ... 
   do n't ever recall seeing a pink panther wafer , could n't tell you what one looks like or tastes like . 
  i used to love these things so am sad it is going out of business . 
  but do you know what ? 
  even though i had them all the time as kids , i have never had one in my adult life , not because i would n't buy them but because they do n't seem to sell them in any supermarkets ... 
  are n't all newspaper comment sections terminally bad ? 
  i think english language newspaper comment sections can be worse simply because it is the global language . 
  but i do n't think this changes uk attitudes to russia ... 
   on top of that , german newspaper comment sections are targeted by russian propaganda since at least 2013 , our parliament got hacked repeatedly by russia and our extremist parties are being funded by them . 
  wow . 
  we do n't have any parties funded by russia . 
  not sure if our newspaper comment sections are targeted , but i do n't see it . 
  it is studied in school in the uk . 
  that is a bit like saying that if hitler was a vegetarian , vegetarians are nazis . 
  when judging whether or not something is far right , we need to look at that thing . 
  not something else . 
  if we consider british political history compared to the political history of most european countries , both fascism and communism have had tiny impacts . 
  neither have ever been serious political forces in the uk . 
  there has never been any serious danger of fascism or communism gaining significant amounts of votes or getting significant amounts of parliamentary seats . 
  voting to leave the eu is not far right . 
  [ of course the eu will have to change its commitments in the wto when the uk leaves it . 
  ] ( https://www.instituteforgovernment.org.uk/brexit/brexit-brief-10-things-know-about-world-trade-organization-wto ) the eu 's current commitments assume that the uk is part of the eu . 
  the eu ca n't just pretend that nothing has happened . 
  no point downvoting just because you do n't like facts . 
  same reason as the uk 's will change . 
  the eu without the uk in it is not the same as the eu with the uk in it . 
  there is basically no point trying to explain to people how efta works ... 
  i do n't think either the uk or the eu will compromise for each other . 
  this is my preference as i want the uk to leave the single market . 
   they blinked . 
  a bad sign for the uk . . 
  i do n't think the british people are going to let the british government blink . 
  but we will see . 
   strongly relying on expertise british people do not need experts , lol . 
   this is europe . 
  we 've always dealt with fascists , we 've always dealt with communists . 
  we invented them . 
  in the uk we have not dealt with them . 
  and , even with brexit , we are still not dealing with them . 
  this is somewhat good news for the eurozone . 
  french literature has tended to adhere to formal rules , like [ the classical unities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classical_unities ) whereas english literature has tended to disregard them . 
  with moliere and racine we see not only the classical unities , but also clear separation between the idea of comedy and the idea of tragedy . 
  with shakespeare we a disregard for this kind of rule and comedy and tragedy all mixed up . 
  we can see this also in our different poetic traditions too . 
  i think there is a tendency for french culture to see order and formal rules as beautiful and to find uncertainty and disorder ugly . 
  i think it is the opposite over here . 
  if you consider [ hofstede cultural dimensions ] ( http://www.clearlycultural.com/geert-hofstede-cultural-dimensions/uncertainty-avoidance-index/ ) the french and the english have very different scores on uncertainty avoidance and also on individualism . 
   this includes the eu . 
  the eu 's schedules will also need to change because of brexit and will require agreement by the uk . 
  however , i understand that the uk 's starting point is use the uk share of the eu schedules and be prepared to reduce tariffs ( so they do n't think there will be problems ) . 
  [ our gardens are the opposite of your gardens . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=english+gardens&amp;rls=com.microsoft:en-gb&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjw3d2uzvjqahxedmakhvrbaj4qsaqiiw&amp;biw=1829&amp;bih=863 ) the different approaches between the english and the french in relation to gardens is fascinating because it is a metaphor for every single difference between the english and the french national character . 
  it explains why you created the metric system and we are happy with the imperial system . 
  it explains why you have the civil law and we have the common law . 
  it explains why you have moliere and racine , but we have shakespeare . 
  it explains why you have an academie francaise , but there is no equivalent here . 
  it explains why you like to make things , whereas we just like to buy or sell things that other people make . 
  it explains why you had a revolution but we still have bishops in our legislature . 
  it explains why your food is better than ours . 
  it explains why we do n't have a written constitution . 
  it explains your love of things like liberte , egalite and fraternite and our suspicion of them . 
  it explains why london is the home of international finance , but ironically many of the finest bankers there are french . 
  it explains brexit . 
  this is really , really french . 
  french love things like symmetry , geometry and order . 
  i agree that other things are needed too for greece . 
   so if you want a single market , by definition you need compatible laws . 
  i do n't want a single market , because i do n't want to disempower and electorate and also because a single market does not make people richer ( in the eu 's case ) . 
  it is an excuse to regulate too much . 
   have you any idea how restrictive trade within europe was before the eu ? 
  it was very restrictive , that is true . 
  but unfortunately the eu is still far too restrictive with its external tariffs . 
   how many trade agreements the eu has been able to formulate because it has the collective might of the richest 500 million ppl . 
  market behind it ? 
  fewer than switzerland . 
   if so , look at the british steel industry that does n't exist any more because china decided to kill it off with unfair trading practises . 
  the british steel industry has no divine right to exist . 
  but as someone who consumes steel rather than produces it , i am glad that china is subsidising my steel habit . 
   the eu is our vehicle to do so . 
  the eu is not the uk 's vehicle any more !, 
  it is your vehicle , not mine  i just find it a bit weird that you are arguing that the eu is your vehicle to get free trade at the same time that you are trying to stop the eu trade freely with the uk in relation to euro denominated clearing . 
  i understand all your arguments , but do n't you sometimes think that the eu made some big mistakes to get itself into a situation whereby it now trying to reduce free trade with the uk , when you know this will harm eu consumers ? 
  do n't you sometimes think maybe you are wrong on this ? 
  anyway , this has been a very interesting discussion . 
   without knowing who will harmonise and oversees the laws of that single market i must say i find the idea behind harmonising laws a bit pointless and damaging . 
  personally i think the eu needs more countries trying out new laws and regulating in innovative and exciting ways , so we can compare which ideas work best .
