  there is no way of having quotas related to quantity that do not also impact quality . 
  nordic noir is very popular in the uk , 
   i personally find it incredibly distasteful . 
  eu just lost the member state that fought the hardest against this kind of protectionism . 
  tough times for the other free markets focused countries like the netherlands . 
   they 're you . 
  is this a good use of tax-payers ' money ? 
   even then they do n't have anywhere near the same levels of integration . 
  actually , their economies are incredibly closely integrated . 
  a deep fta is not really needed between the two because they both have open economies and traditions of free market liberalism and openness . 
  that is what really promotes trade . 
   ( basically sovereignty losses exchanged for other benefits same as the eu ) . 
  no , the eu has a system with eu law which has direct effect and primacy over the member states . 
  that is not necessary for deep trade . 
   which in international relations terms never works out well . 
  it works out well between australia and new zealand . 
   has even set up anything significant in terms of trade let alone * harmonisation of standards and product standards across entire economies without some sort of deferral of sovereignty and agreement to abide by certain common rules check out free trade between australia and new zealand . 
  there is a huge amount of free trade between them with nothing like the eu 's way of removing sovereignty . 
  the model already exists . 
  all it needs is copying . 
   so switzerland , a country landlocked by eu countries , should cut its ties to the eu to join the british economic union ? 
  obviously both switzerland and the uk are going to deepen trade as a result of brexit . 
  obviously , the question of eu/switzerland relations remains open because neither side really like the current arrangement . 
  brexit opens this question too . 
   would you say people are aware of the difference , in a way most of the british seem not to be ? 
  we are aware of the difference and that is why we are not going to be part of the eea . 
   you can not have as free trade as the eu single market without some compromise on sovereignty you can have both sides accepting each others product and service standards . 
  that can have as free trade as the eu single market , without the primacy or direct effect of a supranational body of law . 
  i think that the uk should defend small countries and liberal democracies like baltics from oppressors like russia . 
  i am pleased that the uk has a considerable presence in estonia for example . 
  however , if those countries do not want a good free trade deal with the uk then of course it becomes very hard to explain to british people why we should defend them . 
   we 'll all agree to bind ourselves to harmonised production and regulation standards so that we can all trade with each other easily trade can be easy without the eu model ( supranational institutions , direct applicability and supremacy of eu law ) . 
  new zealand / australia have easy trade without following the eu model , so do us/canada . 
  no reason why uk/norway/switzerland could n't also have easy trade without copying the eu ,, 
   just another example of the political reorentation that 's happening in norway now you might recall that you and i had a discussion about this six months ago . 
  i said at the time that brexit will force a change in norwegian-eu relations !, 
   i consider ukip far right i am afraid you are wrong here . 
  ok - i laughed !, 
  i think they try to make them as simple as possible . 
  otherwise we brits would not understand them ;-), 
  in france millions of people just voted for a party with a far right tradition . 
  that would be unthinkable in the uk . 
  there will be treaty changes anyway because of brexit . 
  so there are n't any additional costs . 
  it is n't wasted . 
  it is a useful clarification for those citizens and countries that are concerned that they might be pressurised into joining the euro against their wishes . 
   treaty changes need ratification processes even minor ones ; not mere word processing ... that is n't expensive . 
   changing the treaties would be too expensive i am happy to do the word processing for free . 
   any country joining know would know they are expected to eventually join the euro . 
  what if they do n't want to join any more ? 
  if people saw the eurozone sovereign debt crisis and changed their mind ? 
  is that not fine ? 
   oh , so you 're going to get pedantic again and ignore the larger message ? 
  not bloody surprised . 
  the eu has not acknowledged that countries should be entirely free not to join the euro if they do n't want to . 
  it would have been a good opportunity to point it out , if it were the case . 
   a suggestion is not an order . 
  the word `` should '' does not imply a mere suggestion . 
  it implies an obligation . 
   in the end , you 're trying really hard to twist the words no , i am using the word `` should '' in its normal context . 
   as a brit , i 'd have thought you appreciate the power of convention in establishing policy . 
  if there were an established convention that eu member states that were not in the euro had no obligation whatsoever , then moscovici would not have said that those member states should be working towards joining the euro - that would be breaching the convention . 
  exactly because he has said this , the situation should be clarified . 
   no one is forcing countries to join the eurozone . 
  in that case it would make sense to change the treaties to recognise that countries have the option not to join the eurozone . 
  it is going to be very interesting to see what the plans are . 
  however , the euro was meant to be an attractive thing in itself and lower unemployment and speed up economic growth . 
  it was n't meant to be something that needed extra incentives for people to want to join it . 
  i also do n't really see a way of giving incentives to the eurozone without at the same time disadvantaging the non-eurozone . 
  so i have some big question marks about this . 
   i see no negative approach for future talks and considerations . 
  what exactly are the positive benefits going to be ( that do n't currently exist ) ?!, 
  what does eurozone membership get you that non-membership does not get you !, 
  that is the question here . 
  i can not see a way of incentivising eurozone membership without fiscal transfers . 
   all the very best from dusseldorf !, 
  and all the very best from the city of london !, 
   to use positive incentives let 's wait and see what the positive incentives are , because i can not see what they possibly could be other than more money . 
  then the question arises : who pays ? 
   the dogmatics . 
  the dogmatics are those that refuse to accept that some countries might not want to join the euro . 
  we liberals accept that some people might choose not to join the euro and accept their choices . 
   brexit changed that , brussels bureaucracy feel emboldened now to grab more power . 
  eu can fracture now , thanks . 
  i agree that brussels bureaucrats want to grab more power , but they have always wanted this . 
  this is part of the deal of being in the eu , giving up more and more power . 
  that is why i voted to leave . 
   but also benefits like hosting eu agencies . 
  i am not suggesting that the uk decides where the eu agencies go . 
  the eu can make that choice . 
  it could go for a cheap choice , or an expensive choice . 
   you decided to kick them out in referendum . 
  no we did n't decide to kick them out . 
   brexit itself is an example of succumbing to extremism , cowardice and stupidity . 
  no , it is normal for countries to govern themselves . 
  lots of countries in the world seem to manage it . 
   eu agencies ca n't be in non-member states . 
  that was the case before brexit , that is the case after brexit . 
  eu rules on agencies is a political choice for the eu to make . 
  if you make political choices , pay for them .
