  they keep on threatening to do this , then they do n't . 
  if they do cancel it , uk will simply fine any ferry or train that takes irregular entrants into the uk , which will have the same effect as le touquet . 
  if you are proeu than farage has been considerably more dangerous to the eu project than trump and putin , so i am not surprised . 
  people within the eu also equate farage with political parties in their own countries that they do not like ( whereas they do n't really do that with trump or putin ) . 
  euphile tories were less than half the party . 
  tories are now much more popular than they were and many people have joined the party since we decided to leave the eu . 
  if you want to make it hard for the uk to leave the eu , just choose a higher number , e.g. 
  the uk is only concerned about people having a right to work in the uk . 
  it is not concerned with people physically entering the uk . 
  the eu is going to be the one forcing the border with ireland . 
  uk does not want one . 
  it was thought out . 
  it was debated literally for decades . 
  we decided that the majority should win . 
  there is no reason to put some arbitrary 60 threshold . 
  i agree that ranking preferences would theoretically get an interesting outcome . 
  but it is a bit artificial , because even if the uk wants to stay in the single market , we ca n't guarantee that because it depends on choices made by other countries . 
  i will be voting tory . 
   telling the others in the room that while the british people gave them permission to trigger the brexit , but not for this shitshow they were doing some days ago . 
  that politician probably wanted remain . 
  as someone who voted leave , personally i ca n't see any shitshow . 
  instead , i see exactly what i voted for . 
   despite many of the people who voted for brexit in the referendum actually wanting a soft brexit . 
  did they ? 
  to me it seems that the only people who want a soft brexit are remainers . 
   the only decent thing to do is to have another referendum with three options - soft/hard/remain . 
  lol , no thanks . 
  this is simply a way of trying to divide leave into two camps to try and force us to stay in the eu after we have already voted to leave ,  well actually we should never have had one at all this seems to be your actual position ...  it undermines the whole point in our representative democratic system and led to the current shitshow . 
  where is the shitshow ? 
  people are happy they are getting what they voted for . 
  they could too , unless they had been out of the country more than 15 years ... 
   but the gist of it is that the belgian employers would a ) prefer a soft brexit ( but they realize the uk does n't want that ) b ) at least would like to see transitional measurements to ensure normal trade flows until a trade deal is negotiated , c ) explicitly state that there ca n't be a preferential `` europe \u00e0 la carte '' agreement for the uk . 
  dutch pdf link to the position paper from the belgian employers this is basically the same position as theresa may has . 
  perhaps we may manage to get a good free trade agreement after all !, 
  [ this one is interesting and goes the debate lasts the whole of the night . 
  ] ( http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/commons/1993/mar/24/excessive-deficits#s6cv0221p0_19930324_hoc_841 ) the proeu position is basically this :  '' * there are growing forces for nationalism in europe and they may be given succour if the treaty collapses . 
  we saw the vote last week for le pen and his party and we have witnessed the growth of the republican party in germany . 
  people are concerned about those things . 
  i do not say that maastricht is the last bastion against fascism because i do not want to go overboard , but those forces are around and no one quite knows what would happen if the maastricht process collapses . 
  we must sound a cautionary note about that . 
  * '' is n't it funny how the debate in 1993 is the exact same debate we are having now ? 
  [ this one is kind of interesting . 
  ] ( http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/commons/1993/mar/24/treaty-on-european-union#s6cv0221p0_19930324_hoc_313 ) here is peter shore mp in 1993 :  '' * the conclusion to which i am coming is familiar to others who have addressed the problem . 
  there may be a single currency , but there will be differential rates of growth and of prosperity . 
  therefore , either there will be a disastrous situation in the less prosperous and less dynamic regions , or there will have to be an enormously powerful regional policy . 
  * '' and  '' * with the best will in the world , there is not the will within the ec for a powerful regional policy . 
  i know that the optimists in the opposition will say , `` over the years we shall try to develop regional policy and try to pretend that we really all are absolutely identical in our motives and our feelings about each other . 
  we shall come to the conclusion that our feelings about italy , greece and so on are exactly the same as our feelings today about our fellow countrymen . '', 
  that may be a worthy ideal , but it is not the reality . 
  * '' this is still the debate , almost 25 years later . 
  this makes me not really have confidence in the eu . 
  it is not able to correct mistakes . 
  a lot of them are hidden away in hansard . 
  i will see if i can find some good ones to link ... 
  i do n't think she is worried about ukip . 
  ukip are currently harming the labour party , not the tories . 
  i completely disagree with ken clarke , but he is a good speaker and he was a good chancellor of the exchequer back in the day . 
  and good speeches make for good politics and good democracy . 
  the reason why this speech is for the history books is because ken clark represents a dying breed , a pro-eu tory . 
  he will not be in our next parliament and there will be almost no pro-eu tories left . 
  you will not hear pro-eu speeches from the tories in our parliament again - that period in history is finishing . 
  it is interesting that the eusceptics played a long game within the tories , losing some battles but eventually winning the war . 
  they did this by controlling local conservative associations and filling parliament that way . 
  the 2010 intake and the 2015 intake were both incredibly eusceptic , much more eusceptic than cameron . 
  i am currently listening to the debate and while some of the speeches are good , most are not , because most people accept that the debate is already finished and does not really matter any more . 
  if you want to see incredibly good debates , those that took place in the maastrict era were incredible . 
  tories were screaming at each other for hours during the middle of the night about the euro before it even existed . 
  while i have been a convinced eusceptic for years , but even though i am glad to have won the argument , i will miss the debates a little bit !, 
  the war was kind of fun . 
  they will expand their legal entities in the eu , partly because the eu is protectionist . 
  but they will also be maximising opportunities that brexit brings too . 
   that 's not a source for anything . 
  it 's more likely that they have resigned to the fact that there is no way in hell eu is going to let uk have the financial passport . 
  not really . 
  the papers that the city uk are publishing are now talking about all the opportunities that the uk has outside the single market . 
  the latest paper on uk trade and investment policy is very clear and interesting on this . 
  or if you want other sources , take a look at fsnf 's paper on regulatory equivalence or the politea paper on financial regulation after brexit or the legatum institute 's paper on uk/eu relations in financial services after brexit . 
  in fact , i am not aware of any recent papers which are even talking about passporting . 
   and no offense , nobody cares what you personally think . 
  stop shoehorning your biased opinions as facts . 
  i am an expert . 
  [ insurance firms are the least keen on staying in the single market because they do not like eu regulation . 
  they do n't want passporting , they want equivalence now . 
   right now , the eu has to negociate with the uk . 
  it 's mandatory , at least for british and european citizens living in/out of the uk , for the borders in n. ireland and gibraltar . 
  it is not mandatory . 
  there is a risk that there will be no deal at all that gets signed because we just disagree about the amount of money involved . 
   if you are fermenting ill will towards your country in eu populations . 
  eu people are currently going through grief and confused feelings about the uk . 
  no point worrying about that . 
  the most important thing the uk can do for europe is secure nato . 
  seems like uk is doing that by keeping both usa and turkey onside . 
  you will be grateful to the uk for that eventually . 
  of course , we know that in reality turkey will not join the eu , but there is no point us changing foreign policy on this , just because we are leaving the eu . 
   if there are political points to be made by being ` tough on britain ' , that wo n't help you in forming your new relationship with the eu . 
  of course there will be political points on this , because the french are involved , and i write as a francophile . 
  but that 's fine . 
   i meant to exit from the eu without any kind of deal , keep a hard stance and go forward the `` dirty brexit '' with corporation taxes war etc. . . 
  they wo n't be able to stop her . 
  once we have triggered article 50 , which will happen soon , parliament can not untrigger it .
