  yes , of course . 
  the uk is not about to turn into a dove when it comes to russia . 
  just as margaret thatcher was incredibly clear in her support of self-determination , freedom and democracy for the peoples of the former soviet union and warsaw pact , i hope that the current prime minister of the uk and future prime ministers of the uk show the same spirit . 
   we beat the french with nearly 62 % against . 
   i will thank the dutch people on the tenth anniversary of your referendum . 
  today my thanks goes to the french people though !, 
  i prefer leaving . 
  the uk will continue to be united with european allies on a range of trading , defence and other matters after leaving . 
  cameron is n't tarnishing the reputation of the tories . 
  i did n't vote for the tories , but they did increase their share of the vote . 
  this is an incredibly unusual thing for a governing party in uk political history . 
  their reputation has been enhanced rather than diminished . 
  everyone in europe should welcome this opportunity to think about what the eu is for and what necessary changes should be made . 
  i 'm also profoundly european . 
  today is the tenth anniversary of the rejection of the european constitution by the french people . 
  we in britain can be very grateful to the french for that and be inspired by the voice of the french people , rather than the french elites , and get ready to say no to the eu in our referendum . 
  the french will one day thanks us for it . 
  they will . 
  they will . 
  : - ) look out for the nexit discussions ... 
  switzerland is not in the eu but there are no tariffs . 
  i think the uk can negotiate a similar arrangement . 
  what do you mean by a `` sterling crisis '' ? 
   the economic structure of different regions in the uk is vastly different ( take london and wales , for example ) . 
  they would benefit from a different economic policy too . 
  unless you argue that the scale advantages of a currency union outweight the disadvantages of non-tailored economic policy london and wales are different economically , which is why it is necessary , if they are to share a common currency , to have a fiscal transfer mechanism . 
  this happens between london and wales , taxation from both areas mostly goes to westminster and then is given out to different regions depending on need etc. 
   personally i 'd favor to bring money into circulation by a citizens ' dividend tailored to cover the minimum cost of living in the lowest income/cost of living region of the eu . 
  that would be affordable for the rich countries and stimulate economic development where it 's needed most . 
  while i agree that might make sense economically , currently we are very far from this politically and legally and not really moving any closer . 
  maybe events in greece will focus minds - unfortunately this seems not to be happening . 
  do n't worry , we will continue to troll france and germany even from outside the eu . 
  we 've been trolling france for 1000 years , we ca n't stop ourselves . 
  separate villages do not need separate currencies if they are in an optimal currency zone or they are in a fiscal union . 
  ( this is the case in the uk , but not the eurozone . ), 
  as you and i both agree , the eurozone urgently needs to become a fiscal union . 
  i do n't think their policy is clear that they want to be in or out . 
  however , a policy of a referendum is different from wanting in or out . 
  earlier you argued that the uk would join the euro if the pound lost value against the euro . 
  now you seem to be arguing the opposite . 
  the uk can be the financial capital of europe without having the euro as currency , as is currently the case . 
  notice that neither lord heseltine or lord liddle are in the house of commons , so do n't have to worry about the electorate . 
  their views are very far removed from mainstream views . 
  the pound lost a lot of value against the euro in 2009 and we did n't join it . 
  the whole advantage of a separate currency is the ability to appreciate and depreciate depending on underlying economic conditions , which are variable . 
  any links ? 
   we will join the euro when the time is right , that is was assured by the government when the euro was a big thing . 
  that government is gone . 
  the current government has a policy of never joining the euro . 
  no political party in the uk wants the uk to join the euro any more . 
  this is a very unsurprising move by the fn . 
  obviously , they have seen that a referendum policy is successful electorally . 
  it is also in principle the correct thing to do . 
   if that 's the case the uk will never be a full participant in the eu and it would be better for the other countries that are interested in further integration to do so without the uk . 
  we could probably figure out a norway-kind of deal for the uk , `` use our standards and we 'll lower trade barriers '' , something along those lines . 
  i agree . 
  i would prefer the uk to have a norway-kind of arrangement ( with some adaptations ) to the current arrangement . 
  for the eu countries that are interested in further integration it really makes sense to be beginning that work as soon as possible as there are urgent problems with the single currency that need fixing . 
   the brits will , however , lose their voice in the intra eu debate . 
  not being part of the debate sometimes makes sense . 
  for example , by not being part of the euro , the uk has lost its voice in the debate about eurozone crisis . 
  in my view , this is preferable . 
  i 'm happy for the uk to simply tell the eurozone from afar that they need to integrate further and create a real fiscal union and not be directly impacted . 
  if we were part of the euro and directly part of the debate there would still be the same old problems , plus some additional new ones for us . 
  nobody can be 100 % certain about the future , but there is no realistic circumstance under which the uk joins the euro in the next generation at least . 
  even juncker has explicitly acknowledged that the uk will never join the euro and will not join schengen - i am agreeing with him . 
  there are no political parties in the uk advocating joining the euro or schengen : even the liberal democrats decided not to mention these things in their manifesto . 
  i can not imagine how this political position could gain any westminster power whatsoever . 
   ` poland outperforms western europe ' is more impressive than ` poland outperforms the uk ' ? 
  it is normal for the guardian , that is writing primarily for a british audience , to have an angle that focuses on the uk . 
   prior to the referendum it would be nice to very clearly define what kind of eu membership that would entail . 
  would it be the pick-and-choose variety like the uk has now or would it be proper , all-in membership as the other eu countries desire of the uk ? 
  obviously even if the uk remains in the eu it will still be a pick-and-choose variety . 
  obviously the uk is never going to join the euro or schengen . 
  there is no question about this whatsover . 
  absolutely nobody in the yes campaign will argue that the uk should join the euro as they know that this would definitely lose them the campaign . 
  kate hoey is in my view the best person to head the no campaign . 
  kate is from northern ireland , but represents a london constituency . 
  she is a labour mp but is known as a very independent minded free-thinker taking a range of libertarian positions ( e.g. 
  supporting fox hunting , being against bans on smoking ) and is liked by the parliamentary conservative party . 
  obviously nigel farage should not play a major role in the no campaign or it will lose . 
  its annoying that the list does n't have more countries ... 
  amazing how strong these figures are for the uk ... 
   the uk could suffer from this unknownish status in the eu , i do n't think cameron would allow that to reflect poorly on his government 's position . 
  since david cameron announced plans for the referendum , the uk has seen more jobs growth than the rest of the eu put together and the uk has continued to be number one in europe in terms of foreign direct investment . 
  on the night of the general election , when it became clear that there would be a conservative overall majority and an eu referendum , the pound rallied and the stock markets got a boost . 
  the uk economy is not suffering as a result of the uk 's position in the eu being uncertain . 
  it is great that a referendum is happening . 
  the uk does grant asylum . 
  the uk will continue to grant asylum . 
  this is all separate from participating in an eu quote scheme . 
  it is a very uncertain question and difficult to predict . 
  there are too many uncertainties at the moment . 
  if the uk votes out of the eu , then scotland will come out too . 
  i think the idea of scotland leaving the uk to join the eu from a position of being outside the eu is conceptually quite different from the last referendum . 
  a lot will depend on the relationship that the uk and the reu create post brexit . 
  if for example the reu makes trade difficult between the uk and the reu , that will then make it somewhat harder for iscotland to want to join the reu because iscotland 's trade relationship with the ruk will be crucial to it . 
  it is likely that the eu 's plans will include the uk in them , though the uk will opt out . 
  scotland can have another referendum in the future if they want . 
   i do n't blame uk you must be new round here ...
