  there is not a total volume of clearing that has to be done in the world , let alone in the eurozone . 
  the risk is that much less clearing takes place , less capital is raised , it is more expensive for companies to borrow money etc. 
   as long as you make the eurozone market sufficiently attractive , `` working with the euro '' ( as specified in the legislation ) becomes too profitable to ignore . 
  which then would have to happen in the eurozone , as determined by the legislation . 
  to me this whole conversation , while interesting , is somewhat depressing . 
  surely the aim for the eurozone is not just to make itself `` sufficiently attractive '' ? 
  what is wrong with trying to make it as attractive as possible so that market participants choose to go there freely ? 
  do you not really believe in the quality of your own product ? 
  that is what london is going to be doing , not trying to regulate to force people to come to london , but to simply try and be the best so that people freely come to london because of the quality of the product . 
   might just be so that the eu wants to create its own eurozone-based financial industry . 
  it would be wonderful if it really tried to do this by putting in place much better regulation . 
  they should look at the successful global financial centres and copy them . 
  unfortunately it seems to be doing the opposite . 
  they are not trying to make the eurozone better , but trying to make it harder for eurozone financial parties to do business globally . 
  one of the keys to a good financial services is openness to capital . 
  the eu seems to want to make it harder to access the only global financial centre on its continent . 
  if you try and force market participants not to do clearing where they can currently do it cheaply and safely ( the city ) into jurisdictions where they can not do it so cheaply ( frankfurt ) then those market participants will have to pay more . 
  this will increase the cost of capital for end users ( corporates ) and reduce liquidity . 
  what the eu actually should do is look at the reasons why market participants want to do clearing in the city and try and copy those reasons / create a more competitive environment within the eurozone . 
  that would be good for everyone . 
  i 'm actually curious to see what happens if the eu tries to regulate to ensure that clearing happens within the eurozone . 
  finance is fundamentally global . 
  you ca n't just make it go where it does not want to go without negative consequences . 
   but recently i dared to go against the circlejerk by opposing ban on circumcision this happened to me once a year ago on here . 
  people started asking me why i was asking for special rules for my `` tribe '' and i got heavily downvoted , abused . 
  i 'm not jewish but was quite shocked to get that reaction . 
  i liked it . 
  british people are always going to bucharest or budapest without really caring which is which ... 
   why not ? 
  ultimately it is anti-competitive . 
  of course , the eu is free to put in place anti-competitive policies , but the people that will be harmed are in the eu . 
  this is why i voted leave , to avoid the eu 's protectionism . 
   in 22 member states majorities of citizens say they are in favour of `` a european economic and monetary union with one single currency , the euro '' , i 'm not sure the date of your source , but i do know that opinions of citizens are subject to change . 
  if the euro continues to stagnate , then there is a chance that public opinion changes . 
  it should also be noted that in some of those countries the minorities who are against the euro are significant ( and presumably would like a mainstream politician to speak for them ) . 
  the key point is also that the euro is not stable and needs further changes . 
  it would be interesting to know how voters react to those changes . 
   we have eastern infrastructure to build `` we want to build a wall and make germany pay for it '' . 
   because euro is popular among voters this simply showed that it some eurozone countries there are high numbers of people that do not support the euro . 
   people do n't want to abandon euro currency , they want politicians to fix whatever problems it has . 
  i 'm afraid the data did not show this . 
  for this to be shown people would have to be asked specifically about whether they supported policy measures that would fix the euro 's problems ( e.g. 
  support for fiscal union ) . 
   so no , perhaps a better argument is that it simply is n't a valid idea . 
  argentina and venezuela are n't seeing amazing results from having their own currency to fix structural issues , and historically that has always been the case . 
  it 's time to stop being polite and tell people who argue for dissolution that they 're ideas deserve the same level of consideration as climate change denies . 
  i think your post is really indicative of a problem in fact . 
  likening critique of the euro to climate change denial is really irrational . 
  it is also plainly nonsense to pretend that the only options are euro or full on argentina . 
  we all know that there are a range of functioning currencies in the world and if portugal , for example , were n't in the euro it would not need to be like argentina . 
   time to hurt feelings . 
  this simply just means you do n't really trust your own arguments and are afraid of having the debate and is really my whole point . 
  political discourse should be wide . 
  there is a wide range of acceptable political opinion and the number of taboo subjects in politics should be a small one . 
  given that mainstream economists can clearly critique the euro ( and it follows from this contemplate its end ) it is a shame that mainstream politicians feel they ca n't . 
  voters can of course clearly see that the euro has massive problems and perhaps these can not be solved . 
  maybe just call the northern one the `` mark '' to keep dutch people happy ? 
   i think something we 've forgotten in politics is saying that just because an idea is floating around , does n't mean it 's valid . 
  the idea of pointing out the many problems that the euro has , realistically assessing whether they can be fixed and whether it instead makes sense to return to national currencies should be a valid idea . 
  this should not be a fringe loony position . 
  mainstream politicians should be comfortable discussing it . 
  it would make sense for the imf to pull out at this stage ( once it has been repaid in full ) . 
  i do n't think the imf will do this unfortunately . 
   such no politician wants to be `` blamed '' by history of having `` killed '' the euro . 
  interestingly , it is incredibly difficult to be a mainstream politician in most of the eurozone to even contemplate the end of the euro . 
  this is of course very unhealthy from a purely democratic view . 
  it means that the only people talking about the euro being a problem ( which should not be an extremist position ) tend to come from the extremist end of politics . 
  unless mainstream politicians start being able to contemplate the end of the euro and accept that it is within the range of acceptable political opinion , they will force voters into the hands of extremist politicians . 
   i wo n't believe russia interference with brexit amounted to more than their usual propaganda . 
  what propaganda did they do related to brexit ? 
  i did n't spot any . 
   london to be the financial capital of europe from london 's perspective moving to cet would be slightly worse as there would be fewer working hours overlapping with new york . 
  gmt gives us many hours overlapping cet . 
   sharing a clock means business meetings are slightly easier to arrange . 
  i do n't think this is right . 
  i constantly have to do business with people in cet and it is not difficult to arrange business meetings ( most of which are by telephone / internet ) . 
  there are many hours of the day which are work hours for both gmt and cet . 
  obviously , it is harder to organise meetings with tokyo or california etc. . . 
   every scenario has the uk respecting the four pillars . 
  the uk should leave the single market . 
   disregarding the eea , which is objectively a worse deal , because it involves implementing eu legislation without any say on the content actually , to be precise the eea does not involve implementing all eu legislation , but only some of it . 
  whether the eea or eu is preferable is a subjective question and depends on how high a value you place on things like being outside the customs union , the cap , the cfp etc. 
  i understand why the vast majority of norwegians want to be in the eea rather than the eu and i agree with them that the eea is better than the eu . 
  however , i do n't think the uk should join the eea . 
   even switzerland has to abide by the four pillars outside the eea . 
  not quite . 
  switzerland does not have to abide by free movement of services . 
   norway pays `` about # 623 million * or # 119 a head '' for access to the single market . 
  : the amount norway pays is partially because norway chooses to pay more than it is required to do . 
  it is still less than the uk pays per head . 
  but , to repeat , i do n't think the uk should be in the single market . 
   tl ; dr i fought the law and the law won you need a better lawyer . 
  there is n't anything in the wto or the geneva convention that british people want to change . 
  if the wto changed its rules in a direction that did not make sense , then obviously the uk would have to leave . 
   if you have time , maybe you can share with us a brief summary of the discussion . 
  it was chatham house rules , but they are working on a paper to be published in the new year . 
  this is one of the reasons why the uk was not a good fit in the eu . 
   keeps basic trade laws harmonized anything that stops the uk being able to change regulation or put in place new regulation wo n't be best for the uk . 
   the ecb will take steps to make it safer or cheaper to run clearing in the euro zone and the clearing operations will follow . 
  it would be great if they actually tried to make the eurozone a better place for clearing .
