   this is a wildly optimistic statement . 
  in my experience , governments can play games around issues like these for a very long time . 
  spend 15 years talking about negotiating an exit and setting up a free trade deal , only for another call for a referendum . 
  i think if the uk public were to vote for the uk to stay in the eu , then there is no question that the uk would stay in the eu and effectively the question would be settled for a generation . 
  i think if the uk public were to vote for the uk to leave the eu , then there is no question that the uk would trigger article 50 almost immediately . 
  the uk 's position in the eu , if it ignored a referendum , would be untenable . 
  the uk has not had many referendums , but in all cases the government has acted on them . 
   i personally do n't think it should be done , however i can see the principle behind the referendum in giving the people a choice . 
  i also think that because this bill passed thru the elected house of commons with a large majority it does n't really behove the unelected house of lords to kill it . 
   with referenda not being legally binding in the uk , i do n't see an issue in that sense . 
  the outcome would not be legally binding . 
  but , in practical terms , it would be politically binding . 
  no government would be able to ignore the outcome of a referendum . 
  shameful behaviour by the house of lords . 
  hopefully the house of commons will bring it back next session and force it through . 
   would my uk citizenship come included with a packet of biscuits and some tea ? 
  if so , why not . 
  it [ most certainly would ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/inglin/ ) . 
   how much should the romanian government pay for them ? 
  i think what / u/thecritic is suggesting is that the romanian government would pay the cost to the uk taxpayer of romanians in the uk who are on benefits . 
  ( obviously , this would never work . ), 
  my own view is that the uk should have a relatively open policy to allow people from overseas ( who respect uk laws and customs ) who want to come and make a living in the uk and work here to come . 
  but it does not make sense for the uk to pay for people who come to the uk and then go on benefits . 
  i agree , but given the choice between the dutch and the irish would probably go for the dutch ... should we check with the dutch about this ? 
  or just annex first ? 
  has italy turned a corner ? 
  any italians want to comment on this ? 
   are you asking to countries like romania to give you for people living in your country more money that their minimum wage per capita ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  no , he is not asking that . 
  most romanians in the uk are working so do n't need to rely on the british taxpayer . 
  he is suggesting that the romanian government should pay for those romanians on benefits in the uk . 
   they do do this in the uk . 
  source ? 
  i think it might be the uk 's turn to annex flanders . 
  we definitely do n't want wallonia and we also want to be sure that france do n't get wallonia though . 
   putting this on the eu table is logical . 
  so your state of origin democratic rights expire after 15 years ? 
  then your state of residence democratic rights should kick in at about that point . 
  why ? 
  because all that was actually accomplished was to remove someone 's democratic rights in general , which is a scary thought . 
  i think you are slightly misrepresenting the situation . 
  it 's not like your right to vote has been removed against your will . 
  your right has been removed because of a choice you made , knowing the outcome of that choice . 
  at any moment you could return to the uk ( and start paying taxes in the uk again ) and start voting in the uk again . 
   this is perhaps an important difference between the british and continental ( or even american ! ), 
  views on the issue . 
  in countries with written constitutions , an important civil right such as the franchise is normally written into the constitution , and ca n't ( should n't ) be changed by a simple parliamentary majority . 
  agreed . 
  but in the case of prisoners voting in the uk , parliament did n't vote to change the law . 
  they simply voted to keep the law the same . 
  in this case for that vote of parliament not to be respected would be very undemocratic . 
  an interesting article , but i somehow do n't think that on independence scotland would become a bastion of small government and decentralised power and economically liberal . 
  of course it is relevant . 
  if voting is a priority to you , you should n't make poor choices , like committing crime and having to go to prison . 
   ca n't european countries bill each-other for the costs of economically supporting immigrants ? 
  it is a good idea . 
  it will never happen though . 
  nobody is forced to commit crimes that result in imprisonment though . 
  generally those innocuous things , while illegal , do n't result in prison sentences though . 
  i think you are overestimating the risks you describe . 
  also , i think the correct people to make decisions about the franchise is parliament . 
  in the uk , there was a strong parliamentary majority for not giving prisoners the vote . 
  i do n't believe that some other body should be able to override this ( that would actually be very undemocratic ) . 
  i can understand why you might not want to change your nationality i am sure that i would feel similar . 
  i do n't think it is a clear-cut issue , but i suppose i think there should be a close link between representation and true participation in the life of a country and i think that this requires , in addition to nationality , other things and typically these will be payment of taxes/living in a nation , and people that choose to move abroad for long periods are in some senses choosing to cut their ties to their nation . 
  personally i think the uk has the balance right at the moment . 
  a majority of people that will be working abroad in the eu might typically do so for less than 15 years . 
  those non british nationals that move to the uk can generally vote in their home member states . 
  though if they want to vote in the uk , they can apply for british nationality ( and get it fairly easily ) . 
  choosing to live abroad for 15 years but not wanting nationality somewhere else is , i think , somewhat atypical . 
  personally i do think you have options . 
  you have the option to return to the uk if voting in the uk is important to you . 
  you have the option to become a cypriot national if voting in cyprus is important to you . 
  you can currently vote in local elections and european elections . 
  ultimately your situation arises out of choices that you have made , knowing the consequences of those choices . 
  i would be surprised if this initiative goes far . 
  deciding who gets to vote in national elections is not something that the uk is going to listen to . 
  perhaps cyprus might change their laws though . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  this was my expectation . 
  in practice it sounds like danes do n't want a revolution . 
  they want an opposition . 
  i kind of agree with schuble here . 
  while it would add an extra layer of bureaucracy / complexity to an already unwieldy eu , it is a pragmatic recognition of the fact that the eurozone and non-eurozone have fundamentally extremely different priorities and interests . 
  if you choose not to live in the uk for 26 years , i do think it is fair that you forfeit your right to vote in the uk . 
  being able to vote is associated with operating as a citizen in a particular country . 
  if you choose not to live there and do n't pay taxes there then it is hard to argue that you operate as a citizen of the uk . 
  if i were you ( and you feel strongly about voting ) , i would apply for cypriot nationality . 
  what do you lose by doing this ? 
  the reason to do it , would be to be able to vote in the country which you have chosen to make your home for the last 26 years . 
   imagine being jailed for a crime you do n't think should be a crime ( drug use or other victimless crimes would be a common example that is valid today ) . 
  i do n't agree with you because you are equating disagreeing with the law with breaking the law . 
  it is possible to disagree with the law ( and campaign to change it , vote for political parties that want to change it etc ) without breaking the law . 
  choosing to break the law is a very different thing from disagreeing with the law ( and it is fair that if you break the law you forfeit some of your rights while you serve your sentence ) . 
  if you do n't agree with a law , you can still campaign for the law to be changed / form a political party that wants change / vote for a political party that, 
  i was confused because your original post , before being edited , indicated you did n't think you could vote in european parliamentary elections . 
  do n't you have the option of applying for cyrpriot nationality and voting in cyprus ? 
  where do you live ? 
  what is your nationality ?
