  there 's nothing stopping you respond to consultations too . 
  obviously , it is better if people who have expertise in a particular area are encouraged to contribute to the legislative process . 
  i get paid my my firm . 
  the firm gets paid by our clients . 
  relevance ? 
  i heard that some of them make penknives too :-), 
  yeah - i agree that by being in the six nations rugby in italy will only improve and it is good for them to be against the best teams . 
  there is a debate in britain about whether or not any nations should ever get relegated from the six nations to join the european cup of nations , and whether any teams from the european cup of nations should ever get promoted to the six nations . 
  rugby in scotland has been in terminal decline and perhaps the threat of relegation is what they need to improve . 
  also , there are some other european rugby nations , that could potentially aim to join the six nations instead , like romania or maybe spain . 
  or maybe georgia . 
  i do n't see italy beating england . 
  it is a shame that italy will lose all their matches , as they have been better this year than previous years and it is tough for them always coming last . 
  it is especially a shame they did n't beat scotland . 
  if france beat ireland and england beat italy , then likely england win the trophy , based on points difference . 
  if ireland beat france , then likely they win the trophy , again on points difference . 
  the six nations does n't have co-winners . 
  that we think we still have an empire . 
  i see this quite a lot on this forum . 
  other negative stereotypes about britain are that we have terrible food and terrible weather - but there is some truth in both these ideas :-( the positive ( in my mind ) perception of brits is that we have an eccentric sense of humour . 
  i think there is some truth in this too - british humour can be very subtle , understated and self-effacing . 
  in britain we tend to think of italians as being quick to surrender rather than the french ... 
  ideally france will not surrender to the irish in the rugby , so that england can win the six nations . 
   this is n't even a populist line , that 's just how you play politics , i 'd have done exactly the same . 
  i would n't have . 
  i would n't have joined the euro in the first place . 
   these countries are paying interests and these bailouts are actually loans . 
  germany and the other countries are profiting from this . 
  while the debtor countries are paying interest on the loans , they are paying less than market rates . 
  the creditor countries could use the money they are lending the debtor countries elsewhere in better ways . 
  take the example of italy lending money to greece at the moment . 
  it lends money to greece , but it needs to borrow money to be able to do that . 
  italy has ( generally ) been borrowing from the markets at a higher interest rate than it has been lending to greece . 
  this is therefore in a very real sense a bailout . 
   but i suppose that means you are eagerly awaiting the final fixing of the date for the in-or-out-eu referendum cameron promised . 
  it looks like that will certainly be after 2015 . 
  i hope that will finally put to rest the question of whether the uk should be in or out the eu . 
  i am not sure how i will vote in the uk general election 2015 yet . 
  the conservatives will put a referendum in their manifesto , but it still is n't certain what the labour party will do . 
  also , there is a chance that legislation for the referendum is passed in this parliament . 
  a vote for ukip in the general election has been seen as wasted vote in the past , but arguably that is now changing . 
  a referendum on uk 's membership of the eu will answer that particular question , but whichever way it goes , other questions will arise . 
  if we vote `` out '' how do we organise our future relationship with the eu , and indeed the rest of the world ? 
  if we vote `` in '' , again , how do we manage our relationship with the rest of the eu ( and in particular the eurozone ) as it moves towards federalism , without us ? 
  for we still wo n't want to be in the eurozone . 
  the uk 's relationship with europe and policy towards europe has been a key question for the uk for the last several centuries . 
  these questions are never going away !, 
   i would see no problem with lobbying if donations were strictly one-per-human and limited to something like a single euro per annum . 
  lobbying does n't need to ( and generally does n't ) involve any donations . 
  i regularly lobby the eu on behalf of various pan-european industry bodies involved in the financial sector to try and shape legislation ( as part of an open consultation process ) . 
  money does n't change hands as part of that process . 
   so they do n't like this step towards democratization because they do n't like the future outcome of the elections . 
  ok , got it . 
  i will be voting ukip . 
  i do n't have strong feelings about having an ability to indirectly vote for the president of the commission , but i do see it as a mild improvement on not being able to indirectly vote for the president of the commission . 
  my objection to the eu is n't primarily about the democratic deficit per se . 
  i think almost everyone in europe agrees that the eu is not currently quite as democratic as it could be and i share this opinion , but this is n't really a deal-breaker for me either way . 
  i prefer a democratic eu to an undemocratic eu , but however democratic the eu becomes , i would still want the uk to leave the eu . 
  my main objections are to do with sovereignty . 
   i think that this is basically the case ( as well as brussels being a handy whipping boy for national governments ) ; if you look at labour 's ` lack of support ' for schulz , that was reported as if they would oppose him outright and generally . 
  in actual fact , they simply meant ( as transpired ) that the labour delegation would abstain in the pes candidate election . 
  they will presumably support him if it comes to a vote in the ep ; where to oppose him would essentially be to support juncker . 
  agreed - labour were forced not to officially endorse schulz as a support of him would be excellent amunition for ukip . 
  i wonder if they will also decide not to vote at all in the ep ? 
  if they vote for schulz in the ep , ukip will use this against labour in the uk general election next year ... 
  in the uk we always say `` could n't care less '' . 
  in the us they almost always say `` could care less '' , to mean the same thing . 
  we are divided by a common language ... 
  the uk should ideally enter ftas with as much as possible of the globe . 
   sorry about this . 
  ukip is indeed independent at european level though . 
  it sits with a group in the ep , but is n't a member of a europarty . 
  as this is intended as an eu-wide poll , i could n't tailor it to every national idiosyncrasy . 
  you might find it comforting though that the nis are generally viewed as eurosceptic anyway . 
  thanks - this was n't meant to be a criticism or a complaint and i appreciate that you are focussing just on europarties and the election of the commission president . 
  ( i 'm not sure how many ukip voters there are among british / r/europe users - perhaps we are significant for the purposes of your survey , perhaps we are n't ... ), 
   ... not an eu member and eu membership has not been offered either , the eu can not prevent the ukraine from making trade deals with other countries . 
  this sounds like an ideal arrangement for the uk as well . 
  i am voting for ukip , so in relation to your survey had to answer `` independent / non inscrit '' to the first question and `` other '' to the second question . 
  i 'm obviously an eusceptic , but this wo n't necessarily be shown up in your survey . 
  allies of the white russian anti-communist movement . 
  the presence of allies in russia during the russian revolution as supporters of the white movement in my mind is n't really in the same category of `` attacks on russia '' as german attacks on russia during ww2 or french attacks on russia during the napoleonic wars though . 
  otherwise , rather than just saying uk , france and germany have attacked russia , you 'd need to say greece , czechoslovakia , italy , japan , china , romania , serbia etc all attacked russia . 
  it seems odd to put these countries actions in russia on a par with germany and france , whose attacks on russia were of an entirely different nature . 
  the crimean war came about primarily because of russian expansion into eastern europe . 
  it does n't really make sense to describe it simply as the uk attacking russia . 
  the uk were one of the many nations involved in the russian revolution . 
  but it does n't really make sense to describe this as a british attack on russia . 
  the crimean war is an example of a war between britain ( and others ) and russia , that came about because of russian expansion into south eastern europe . 
  it is n't really an example of uk attacking russia ( in the way that napoleon or hitler attacked russia ) . 
  dude , you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  if scotland votes for independence , of course the uk will recognise that vote . 
  when has the uk attacked russia ? 
  the uk 's labour party are not supporting schulz . 
  yes , i agree he has an extremely weak case . 
  i would be surprised if anyone asylum . 
  i expect he will argue for asylum on political grounds and argue that he would get an unfair trial in the us . 
  this has nothing to do with being a stateless person . 
  he obviously is free to try and renounce his nationality , but that is irrelevant to the question of him applying for asylum in an eu member state . 
  also , the us would not recognise that renunciation .
