  not really . 
  more than half of voters voted for a party that specifically had a commitment for a referendum . 
  for years and years people have , when polled , wanted a referendum . 
  and the vast majority of our elected representatives voted for one . 
   we elect a parliament to make more informed decisions for us , if we want to leave the eu we should have to elect a parliament that will vote to leave the eu . 
  we elected a parliament that wanted a referendum on the eu . 
  the informed decision of parliament was for us to have a referendum . 
   which would mean in most cases be national debt then . 
  i guess you could probably get international debt denominated in gbp or dem ( when those were still around ) , but you wo n't get them that easily in drachmas from outside of your country . 
  the uk 's debt is almost entirely in gbp . 
  but you are correct that some countries struggle to issue debt in their own currencies . 
   also just as a matter of the fact these countries do not have their own currency for the most part , but rahter share it with the rest of the union and we have to prevent another greek crisis from happening . 
  there should not be constant demand for bailouts and for that you have to consolidate the economy . 
  germany did it . 
  the eurozone in the long-term has to start pooling debts . 
  that is the best way of solving the crisis . 
  germans are going to have to accept this if they want the euro to survive . 
   it 's kinda crazy to think that in 2007 the uk had a debt ratio of 43 % and germany had 66 % and now the uk has one of 90 % while germany is at 78 % . 
  it seems so much healthier long term how our government is handling debt for the long term . 
  the uk screwed up in 2008-2009 and does need to reduce its debt . 
  however , germany and the uk are in different situations , partly because the uk 's population is growing much faster than germany 's and partly because the uk has its own currency . 
   accumulating more and more debt when that debt almost blew up all over you also deoes not seem wise . 
  if you have your own currency , and your debt is denominated in that currency , the risks are not the same as if you do not have your own currency . 
  however , in general terms i agree with you , the uk does need to manage its debt carefully and cut the deficit gradually . 
   oh the brits are going to love it . 
  the statement , that is : not , of course , the french . 
  this one we do n't really care about . 
  the uk already has an opt-out of budget deficit requirements . 
  if france does n't comply either , that is cool by us . 
   my understanding is that he is the leader of the controlling faction in parliament . 
  as long as only a majority vote is required , that faction should have sufficient influence . 
  why would they rebel over setting the day ? 
  the conservative eu-remainers do not have a majority . 
  the conservative eu-leavers would not allow him to change the day . 
  they are happy to rebel . 
   huh , did n't know that . 
  well , parlimentary sovereignty and all that -- nothing could stop him from holding it on a sunday if he wanted , right ? 
  parliament would not accept it . 
  parliament likes elections on thursdays . 
  cameron is not parliament . 
   the dead people problem might skew the abstention results a bit but unless they start voting ( as in someone passing as the dead person ) it would n't cause a different outcome and it 's preferable to have dead people showing up as registered as opposed to having people that are alive being randomly unregistered for no apparent reason . 
  the dead people do skew abstention results . 
  also , students ( who are usually registered both where their parents live and where they study , and can legally vote in either but not both places ) also skew the abstention results . 
   well that 's good , do they inform you if you 've been unregistered ? 
  they do n't inform you specifically , but about every six months they write to every single household in the uk telling them who is on the electoral register in that household with a form to complete if the register is incorrect/missing . 
  in most cases it is pretty tricky to get unregistered . 
  there are dead people who are still on the electoral register for example . 
  everyone on the register gets sent a polling card a month before a vote . 
  if you do n't receive one , you are not registered ( and you have another couple of weeks to register ) . 
  personally i think it is easy enough to register . 
   wait a second , you need to register to vote ? 
  most people do n't need to register because they are automatically registered when they pay taxes or claim benefits . 
  some people who for some reason have fallen out of the system do need to register . 
  this takes a couple of minutes on line or can be done other ways too . 
   it looks like the british eu referendum will be on a thursday . 
  i ca n't help but think that cameron would have been better-off as regards staying in the eu if he had chosen a sunday . 
  all votes in the uk take place on thursdays . 
  hahahahahaha !, 
  i do n't know staines !, 
   all over ? 
  or is there an ` old city ' part central london has a mix of historic building and modern buildings all mixed up together . 
   there 's so many more factors in a fptp general election . 
  makes polling much much harder . 
  a simple yes/no referendum is much easier to poll for . 
  the problem with the polling in the general election was the sampling . 
  if your sampling is wrong then your polling is wrong even if there are only two answers on the ballot paper . 
   nobody knows what `` long term '' would be . 
  we 're already at the long-term stage . 
  the greek crisis started in 2010 . 
  it is still nowhere near being solved . 
  in fact , it looks like the new normal . 
   do n't compare yourself to france , even we do n't . 
  we do n't compare ourselves to france but we do contrast ourselves with france . 
  got ta love france !, 
   all factors were agreed upon due to pressure from the uk , but some things seem to apply to all of the eu/non-eurozone . 
  whether you want to see that as a concession to the uk is up to you . 
  there is not a single thing with legal consequence that only applies to the uk . 
   i hardly doubt that the same logic of post soviet economies or < 10 mil people/nation can apply to the uk . 
  i 'm just pointing out that it is n't just the uk who has an opt out from the obligation not to integrate its economy further . 
  also , i am still not sure why you think this is a concession to the uk . 
  your country benefits from being in the eu and you want your country to integrate further with the rest of the eurozone and give more power to brussels to control your economy . 
  this is what you want . 
  you should be happy about it . 
   have the same access to the common market as other eu members without the obligation to implement newer economical integration rules . 
  that 's one huge concession . 
  this is not a uk privilege . 
  all non-eurozone countries got this . 
  the eurozone has to integrate further if it going to survive . 
  it is pointless forcing the non-eurozone to do the same . 
  the euro helps your country , does n't it ? 
   are you serious or is this a matter of agenda pushing ? 
  seriously what is the point in this discussion if facts are being denied . 
  feel free to name one . 
   what seems weird to me is how the uk has gotten special privileges in february . 
  i do n't think it got any special privileges in february , but feel free to name one . 
   and in line with that : how will the uk contribute to the eu in the future , how much will it give ? 
  i am hoping that the uk leaves the eu . 
  it does n't make sense for the uk to give things to the eu . 
  there are far poorer parts of the world and that is where the uk should give . 
   i 'm inclined to think that they will only keep doing things with the eu as long as it benefits them do other eu countries do things which do n't benefit them ?
