  salaries are now rising to reflect this . 
  if you are unemployed in the eu , now is the time to think about moving to london . 
   you 're presumably eligible to vote in uk elections as an eu citizen ordinarily resident in the uk . 
  you bear as much responsibility for any perceived deficiency in uk policy as anybody else . 
  he wo n't be able to vote in the general election or any future referendum about britain 's membership of the eu . 
  ( i 'll leave readers to decide whether or not they think that is a good thing . ), 
   the growing need for food banks is an embarrassment to what should be a world-leading country . 
  whether its # 22m or # 22b , there 's no good reason to refuse assistance in feeding our population . 
  the assistance does not change the need for foodbanks though . 
  the need for foodbanks will be there whether those foodbanks are funded by the uk or by the eu . 
  just because you are embarrassed by foodbanks , that should not influence your decision about how they should be funded . 
   the purpose of the eu food bank is to help member states that need it . 
  we 're not a member state that needs this aid . 
  britain can easily afford to feed its people . 
   do you consider this a bad consequence or is this just an observation on your part ? 
  a bad consequence for the german workers who would lose their jobs . 
  a good consequence for polish workers . 
  probably no consequence for amazon itself or amazon 's customers . 
  i think it also has to do with general angst about the inevitable decline of a once great nation and uncertainty about how to deal with globalisation too . 
  ( i see this in my own country , the uk , as well . ), 
  pretty much . 
  but no immediate return to the boom years pre financial crisis just yet . 
  no more baltic tiger !, 
  and that is probably why , as the poster you responded to pointed out , amazon workers are not on minimum pay . 
  yes , strikers in a global market do need to consider how much their labour is actually worth . 
  if they are paid more than their worth , they are always at risk of the job being moved elsewhere . 
  i think the uk government is right to reject this . 
  this is something that the uk is able to afford without help from the eu . 
  it is not clear to me why other member states ( some of them poorer than britain ) should subsidise the uk on this . 
  france needs to deal with the causes of this . 
  hollande is not the right guy to do this . 
  i do n't see italy exploding with austerity . 
  there will be more protests , but that 's all . 
  the protests will make no difference to policy . 
  the only way to make big change is by elections . 
  let 's see how italy votes in the european elections . 
   if a person refuses a job at a butcher for religious reasons ( no pigs etc. 
  ) , and the law says that your dole is cut when you refuse a job , is the law unjust ? 
  i 'm not sure if i follow this analogy , but personally i would deny dole to someone who refused a job as a butcher for religious reasons . 
  i think we 're digressing somewhat though . 
   then you have something to explain , because a lot of `` real '' religions outright contradict each other  under the european convention of human rights , freedom of religion is recognised as a right . 
  this means courts all the time have to make judgments on the basis of their views about religions . 
  i 'm not saying i am in favour of the echr , but it has operated in this way for decades . 
    it 's denying accountability and the idea of a public space . 
  it forbids other people to recognize them , it severely hinders their functioning as an individual and therefore throws a wrench in the workings of civil society . 
  as mentioned earlier , i think this comes down to values . 
  do you prefer a `` civil '' society or a `` free '' society ? 
  i prefer the latter , while you prefer the former . 
   under the arbitration act , sharia law has been deemed a form of arbitration for muslim civil cases within the uk . 
  there are about 85 sharia courts now . 
  when you wrote earlier that sharia courts were recognised , i thought you were implying that judgments of sharia courts had the same status as civil courts and were enforceable in the same way , which is not tue. 
  as you have now pointed out , it is correct that civil courts will consider sharia law courts as a form of arbitration . 
  personally , i do not have a problem with this . 
  if two people are able to agree a dispute outside the civil courts without breaching civil law using a form of abitration , then this is the efficient administration of justice . 
   i think it 's pointless to try to open barriers to people who do n't want them open , and that we 're all better off by making that clear from the start . 
  this is kind of my point . 
  i 'm not really sure that a law prohibiting burquas in a public space aids integration . 
  i think that there could be better ways of doing that . 
   i do n't know if you 're purposely ignoring what i 'm saying or whether i 'm doing a bad job of explaining it , but my point is that because of toxicity of the debate , a supermarket can not institute a policy that bans burqas , since the damage to the company would always outweigh the benefit . 
  i get what you 're saying and i think it is a fair argument . 
  i think i would agree with you , if you were able to show that burquas cause supermarkets harm . 
  if burquas do n't cause supermarkets harm , then a law which stops people wearing burquas in supermarkets strikes me as over the top . 
   it 's not a question of being threatened ; it 's a question of hiding your identity in a public place and , for the professions i mentioned , the importance of being able to see the other person 's face when it comes to human communication . 
  i just do n't think hiding your identity should be illegal in a public place . 
  out of interest , would you be in favour of making burquas illegal on the streets / parks etc ? 
  your arguments so far have focussed on professions and supermarkets etc ( which i agree are special cases ) . 
  what do you think about the street / parks ? 
   a 6 ' 5 25st built-like-a-house security guard in sainsbury 's is n't threatened by me as a much shorter , much smaller , much lighter young woman , he asks me to uncover my face in case i decide to shoplift so that i 'll be caught on camera - so do n't try to twist my argument to be one of me being scared of brown people . 
  i 'm actually not trying to twist your argument , though please do accept my apologies if i have . 
  i do n't remotely think you are scared of brown people . 
  i do think that some rhetoric about burquas that i sometimes hear does have some xenophobic connotations though ( and i 'll repeat , not yours ) . 
  i 'm more trying to make the point that , having lived for years in an area where i see burquas regularly , i do n't see a problem with them in public spaces and i struggle somewhat to see the problem other people have . 
  live and let live , i say . 
  i also ( as a lawyer ) dislike legislation unless it is in response to a specific problem . 
  i am not sure if i can see a big enough problem here to merit legislation . 
   what if you 're very poor and ca n't afford private services ? 
  that 's getting off the point a bit but i 'm not sure how even the most staunchly libertarian person ignores the vast majority of people in a system , and pretends it does n't matter because you 're he 's one of them , in a debate . 
  in practice , in the uk , most people do have some choice when it comes to public services such as doctors , nurses and teachers and i am all for that choice and would enhance it . 
  if there were a scenario in which the only choices available to a poor person were services from someone with a burqua , then i think the state might need to intervene . 
  i do n't think that this is currently the case right now ( but if you have other evidence i would be very interested to see it ) so i think state intervention would be premature . 
   out of interest , where are you from ? 
  london . 
  yeah - if you do n't want them , do n't subscribe . 
  problem solved . 
  we do . 
  i think it is a poor piece of legislation and has proved difficult to enforce . 
   the point i was making is that it is n't their decision , and that 's the problem ; no supermarket is going to go out on a limb and ban burqas because they 'd instantly be labelled as racist or intolerant - yet they have no qualms whatsoever in having me take my hood down or remove my scarf ( which i personally think is fair enough but that 's by the by ) , it 's not equality and tolerance if it 's only applied to one group , by definition . 
  i still do n't see a need for state intervention . 
  i 'm actually not sure if there is any evidence for supermarkets being harmed by people wearing burquas . 
  also , i personally do n't care if supermarkets let people with burquas in them but told me to remove my hood . 
  i would always remove my hood in a supermarket because in my view that is common courtsey . 
  i think supermarkets should be able to choose their own policies without state intervention . 
  i can understand why a supermarket might choose a different policy in relation to hoods and burquas - after all , one is connected to a religious practice and one is n't . 
  i actually find it peculiar that some people might feel threatened by someone in a burqua . 
   okay , and are you as comfortable with public professionals such as doctors , nurses and teachers wearing the full-face veil when interacting with patients and students ? 
  personally i find public services very poor so i use private services . 
  in the private sector i never come across people wearing burquas . 
  i also do n't see the need for the state to intervene in terms of doctors , nurses and teachers ( i am very libertarian ! ), 
  i think each doctor , nurse and teacher can make her own mind up . 
  if you do n't want a doctor , nurse or teacher with a burqua , just find one who does n't wear one .
