  please , explain this hypocrisy to me . 
  i have written frequently how i am glad that scotland had a referendum , could do great as an independent country etc. 
  i like scotland in the uk and i want the uk to leave the eu . 
  this is not hypocrisy . 
   and that trade would fall under the common customs tariff of the eu . 
  the netherlands ca n't change tariffs and quotas for trade with the uk . 
  this really depends on the new relationship between the uk and the reu which is open to negotiation . 
  obviously , it will be massively in the dutch national interest to have no tariffs for trade with the uk . 
  while italy is a wonderful country , unfortunately its economy has hardly grown at all since italy joined the euro . 
  in the past 15 years , the performance of the italian economy compared to the french , british and german economies has been woeful . 
  worryingly , italy does not really seem to be turning around and the pessimism in italy is now very entrenched . 
  [ this is why so many young , gifted and qualified italians are fleeing italy to come to london . 
  ] ( http://marconiada.blog.ilsole24ore.com/2014/12/29/la-parte-migliore-ditalia-sta-emigrando-in-massa-a-londra/ ) i meet them all the time - they are here to stay and according to them italy is either `` finita '' or sometimes `` fottuta '' . 
  getting labour voters to vote out is crucial for the out side . 
   i 've seen suggestions that it should be headed up by a non-politician , someone like sir james dyson - i suspect that 'd go over a lot better than a party politician . 
  i disagree . 
  i think business people are not so able to deal with the constant media interviews and debates that will arise . 
  james dyson should be involved , but not front the campaign . 
   a threshold after the fact would be incredibly scummy , but setting a threshold before the fact would not be at all unprecedented . 
  there has n't been any discussion of thresholds here . 
  no doubt this will eventually be discussed in westminster and in the media ( as every single tiny detail about this referendum will be debated angrily to the nth degree , on a scale that far exceeds the maastricht debates in the 90s ... ) but i do n't think there will be a threshold before the fact . 
   i suppose that sums up politics in general in the uk really . 
  its a shame really be it if you are for or against the eu it does have a big impact in the uk but a large portion of the population will simply dismiss it as worthless politics . 
  i do n't think it does sum up politics in general in the uk . 
  for example , most people in the uk are massively emotional about the union between england and scotland and we saw consequential massive interest in england and a massive turnout in scotland . 
  i guess people just feel very differently about the eu - those of us who are passionate about it are in the tiny minority . 
   you think ? 
  i hope the referendum reinvigorates politics in the uk . 
  it is obviously hard to predict , but i 'd be very suprised if people in the uk vote in higher numbers than vote in the general election . 
  a lot of people in the uk are not that interested in the eu and find the subject boring and confusing and technical . 
  relatively few people are emotionally involved in it . 
   ultimately , british euroscepticism is a generational thing - every poll i 've seen shows that younger people are more in favour of the eu than the older generation - and if the yes vote wins this referendum the long term trend is going to be britain becoming more integrated and proactive with europe . 
  this is about as misguided as the labour party in the uk , who are still waiting for the generation of labour supporting pensioners , because of the `` generational thing '' . 
  opinions towards the eu have tended change as people get older and it does not make sense to assume that this will alter . 
  the same people who voted `` yes '' to the ec ( as it was then ) in the 70s are now the pensioners wanting `` out '' of the eu . 
  they changed their mind . 
  i was discussing `` political will '' . 
  a member of the cabinet who campaigns for the uk to leave the eu is illustrative of political will . 
   is there any kind of a level which turnout has to reach ? 
  no  i appreciate the referendum is indicative rather than binding , so likely that 's a political question rather than a legal one . 
  i do n't think the `` indicative '' / `` binding '' distinction really makes sense when it comes to uk constitutional theory and referendums . 
  the reason why it is n't binding is because of parliamentary sovereignty . 
  however , the politics are such that even if the referendum is not * de jure * binding , it will * de facto * be binding . 
  under no circumstances would a government say `` hey , you voted out , but only 55 % of people showed up so we decided to stay in '' or something of the kind . 
   no , i tend to believe europeans want uk either all in or all out ( preferably in ) but not just half/half like right now . 
  you think reuropeans want brits in the euro ? 
  why would they care about this ? 
   it 's not , there is n't any political will for the uk to leave the eu there are currently people in the uk government cabinet who will likely campaign to leave the eu . 
   if i were eusceptic ; i 'd be looking at using carswell and evans as the voices of ukip in such a campaign . 
  carswell and evans are both very good speakers i agree and they both do appeal to the crucial demographic ( the centre ground of british politics ) much more than farage does . 
  however , i do n't think either of them should front the `` out '' campaign . 
  ideally someome from the labour party should . 
  these are reasons for the countries like the netherlands , sweden and denmark to keep the uk in . 
  they are not reasons for the uk to keep itself in . 
  ultimately the uk should follow the british national interest and not the dutch or danish national interest ( where these conflict ) . 
   we do n't want to be dictated to with rules , we want to make the rules . 
  do we ? 
  do we really care what the eu 's fiscal compact rules are provided they do n't apply to us ? 
  is n't it better to just make our own rules and let the reuropeans make theirs ? 
  as a polling afficionado it is always interesting to get data , even though the uk polling industry screwed up on the uk general election spectacularly !, 
  polling for the eu referendum is a bit more complex than it might seem , because it is very hard to model for turnout as there are no few relevant recent precedents . 
  turnout is likely to be very important . 
  turnout will surely be a lot lower than the scottish referendum and likely lower than the last general election but perhaps higher than the alternative vote referendum . 
  it is hard to predict which demographic turnout though . 
  `` out '' support is higher among older people ( who will turn out ) but also among lower income people ( who wo n't turnout ) . 
   that being said , i 'm pro-eu but i 'll admit farage is a talented speaker . 
  but the man is like marmite , you love him or you hate him , so i 'm not sure if he 'll be able to pull over many pro-eu members due to this rift . 
  i do n't know the other two enough to comment , sadly . 
  farage appeals to his base but does not appeal to the centre ground of british politics . 
  farage 's base will already vote `` out '' , there is little he needs to do to appeal to them and any advantage that the `` out '' side gets from farage appealing to his base will be outweighed by the loss of votes in the centre ground . 
  it is therefore essential for the `` out '' side to have a chance that they sideline farage at an early stage and ideally put a joint conservative and labour team centre stage . 
   both the netherlands and the uk see the eu primarily as a marketplace and the uk is a valuable ally in pushing for market reforms . 
  the eu is not primarily a market place . 
  it is a project with a clear aim at becoming a federal superstate and has been since the start . 
  for countries like the netherlands , which have given control of their borders and control of monetary policy away to the eu , you need to be honest that you are no longer in a `` market place '' and accept that . 
  the uk might just about be able to halt further integration in relation to itself , but it wo n't be able to halt it for the netherlands . 
   the uk is also our second largest trading partner . 
  if the uk leaves the eu ( which i hope ) we will obviously keep trading with you as it will be in the british national interest and the dutch national interest to do so . 
  ( i do n't believe that the reu will try and undermine british/dutch trade . ), 
   as someome from england i 'm willing to admit that they achieved that result because the independence side was brilliant . 
  the better together campaign was also a very poor one , which focused excessively on the negatives of indepence . 
  given that it is obvious that scotland could be a very successful independent country , this kind of negative campaigning not only struck many scots as downright dishonest it was also extremely patronising towards scots . 
  so far the `` eu in '' campaign looks like it is focussing on the negatives , which in my mind is a poor strategic choice . 
  given that i am part of the `` eu out campaign '' i am not complaining though . 
   the problem is n't the veto , it 's the threat of the veto . 
  in my mind `` problem '' is the wrong word to use for a veto . 
  in my mind having an effective veto is `` fundamental to the british national interest '' . 
  not having a veto is a problem . 
  the scottish referendum was a great thing for scotland and i think the eu referendum will be a great thing for the uk . 
  a majority of people in the uk in the last election voted for parties that had an eu referendum as policy ( greens , ukip and conservatives ) and thus it seems that the british people want a referendum on the eu . 
  why would it not be a good thing ? 
  once the uk leaves , the reu can integrate much faster and the eurozone can create the fiscal and transfer union necessary to make the common currency a success . 
  referendums would be helpful in other member states , citizens should be involved . 
  i would welcome what you propose . 
  britain 's veto already does not work * de facto * so i am not sure why losing it * de jure * would be harmful . 
  in december 2011 the uk vetoed the fiscal compact . 
  if the veto had been effective , the fiscal compact would have been entirely intergovernmental and outside the treaties . 
  however , as multiple commentators have noted , this is not the case . 
  the fiscal compact uses eu institutions and is justiciable under eu courts and many scholars consider it part of the acquis . 
  yes , people should stop doing it .
