  there is a difference between what you are and what you do . 
  this is the distinction she is making . 
   i 've always been amazed how italy lets itself be treated as some balkan backhole by germany . 
  yes , this surprises me too . 
  i guess italians have this weird inferiority complex towards northern europe . 
  we in the uk would not put up with any shit , french would n't either . 
   i 've read enough of your posts to know that we 're nothing alike ... no , i 'm afraid you do n't know anything about me . 
  the only thing you can really glean from my posts is that i am eusceptic . 
   i 'm not arguing it is the discussion is about whether europeans are culturally close enough to form a super state . 
  saying that all europeans are interested in things like family and housing is irrelevant to this . 
   but i have much more in common with most other europeans than i do with you . . you do n't know anything about me . 
  though i am , just as you are , interested in things like famiy and housing and holidays and career . 
   every central and eastern european i 've met have been open , friendly and concerned about the exact same things as me , their family , career , housing , holidays and doing what they want in life , i guess what i 'm saying is that yes of course there are differences , but that on a one to one level people are just people ... what you are describing is common humanity . 
  you can go all round the world and everyone is concerned about family and housing and stuff like that . 
  this is n't just true in europe . 
  it is n't of itself a reason to create a federal state . 
   this holds ireland back from joining schengen , which i expect they would like to do . 
  the arrangement with the uk is a fairly informal one . 
  if they want schengen they can . 
  however , not joining schengen is n't being `` held back '' . 
  the uk and ireland , outside schengen , are better able to control their borders , which is a good thing . 
  there are thousands of people in calais desperate to get to the uk , but they ca n't because the uk is not in schengen . 
  no , i am just telling you that ireland are making their own decision , which is good . 
  yeah , so it is n't the uk holding them back . 
  they are holding themselves back . 
   also , ireland and the uk have open borders which is why ireland ca n't join schengen with the uk holding them back . 
  ireland could if it wanted join schengen . 
  the uk is n't holding back ireland . 
  ireland is a strong , independetn sovereign entity that makes its own decisions . 
  ireland would just rather be in the cta than in schengen . 
   southern europe has gone to shit and i have no idea how we can fix this . 
  you need your own currency . 
  yes , and i was challenging that idea . 
  i also trade frequently with people in different currency areas from me . 
  i do n't lose money from this . 
  the old system was n't broken . 
  the current system of very different economies sharing the same currency is broken . 
  i 'm not the only person who thinks like me . 
  what kind of trade ? 
  are you suggesting that your country should dollarise ? 
   consider yourself an enemy of the united kingdom , frog scum . 
  we secretly love french people and we know they secretly love us too . 
  they are the only people in the world we respect !, 
  we just show that love in a funny way sometimes . 
   well , the female orgasm got censored any link to this ? 
   but the process ireland went about making this change is a lot more progressive and democratic than how the uk legalised it i am also a great fan of direct democracy and wish we had more referendums in the uk , like switzerland does . 
  fortunately we have the eu referendum coming up , which is very progessive . 
   but a large percentage of the population disagree with it ( myself included ) . 
  this is not really what `` progressive '' means . 
  a large majority of the population want to reduce immigration massively . 
  do you consider that to be progressive ? 
  while innocent people are displaced because of the bombing , innoncent people are also displaced if we do n't bomb . 
  also , i do n't think there is any convincing polling data that a majority of people in the uk do n't want there to be bombing in syria . 
   mean , it 's certainly going in a more progressive direction ( recently allowing same sex marriage , and abortion iirc ) ireland 's abortion laws are much stricter than the uk 's abortion laws . 
  whether that is progressive or not depends on your perspective . 
   whilst the uk seems to be regressing ( euroref , planning to water down human rights act , increasing surveillance , cutting green subsidies ) . 
  euroref is a very progressive thing . 
  giving people the choice over how they are governed is progressive . 
  not having a referendum on this is regressive . 
  ( though ireland has had far more referendums than we have on this , so they are more progressive . ), 
   planning to water down human rights act it is of course correct for parliament to legislate on our human rights . 
  this is progressive . 
   increasing surveillance this one i will give you . 
   cutting green subsidies i do n't think this is regressive . 
  if green energy is not economic , it does n't make sense . 
   not trying to censor the internet the internet is n't censored in the uk . 
   decriminalisation of drugs this one i 'll give you and hope that the uk moves in this direction . 
   votes on same-sex marriage the uk has same sex marriage . 
   not bombing syria why do you consider this progressive ? 
  daesh need to be stopped . 
  our allies have asked us to help . 
  there is a un resolution . 
  ireland does not have the military capabilities we have . 
   i do n't understand why ukip would n't want them . 
  is n't their biggest fear that foreigners might be using the nhs for free ? 
  this would rectify that . 
  ukip still has a libertarian aspect to it ( carswell is a libertarian and so is farage ) . 
  libertariansim and euscepticism naturally align as ideologies . 
   also it 's really not an assault on civil liberties , it 's an extra card in your wallet . 
  one that can be used to get access to government services and show who you are . 
  i do n't want the government to tell me what i have to keep in my wallet . 
  i think that should be my decision . 
  i do n't want to be required to `` show who i am '' . 
  in what way is ireland 's government more progressive than the uk 's government ? 
   ok i can understand uk a bit but ireland is better . 
  if you take into account the relative populations of uk and ireland ( and also their relative immigration populations ) , ireland did much better than uk . 
  i almost went for ireland but at the last minute thought , no , boring , ireland is basically too similar to the uk and then went for france instead . 
  had i voted for ireland instead , it would have beaten france . 
   having flown on internal shenegen flights ; all he would have needed was a drivers license , which he has . 
  they just need id , not a very specific , highly expensive piece of id . 
  with any form of id there is a risk that it goes out of date . 
  as long as you are organised , getting your passport ( or other form of id ) updated is not onerous or difficult . 
  passports in the uk have a ten-year life after all . 
   if the uk had a national id card system , those could act as passports . 
  only in relation to certain countries . 
  some countries require passports . 
   they could also be used to make sure people are entitled to free healthcare and whatever else , therefore eliminating the fear of foreigners using the nhs without their home country getting the bill , or false claims for benefits . 
  surely that would be a win for ukip ? 
  i do n't want to live in a country where you are required to produce a document before you can get healthcare . 
  i want healthcare to be given to people that have a need for healthcare .
