  but britain should be responsible for taxes in britain . 
   we 're all old enough to know that the ones who rule spain are the markets , and those guys do n't like to rock the status quo by adding a new country to crisis-ridden south europe . 
  live by the sword , die by the sword . 
  if you do n't want to be ruled by the markets , you should n't rely on them for your funding needs . 
  instead , you need to cut spending at home and/or raise taxes . 
  if spain does n't like these options , it is in no position to complain about the markets . 
  to be fair to the banks ( not something i usually find myself saying ) they need to recapitalise not just because they still hold a lot of toxic debt ( as the report indicates ) but also because they face more stringent regulatory capital requirements that are required by governments and regulators . 
  of course the spanish government could say that every spaniard can vote , but it would be political suicide . 
  it is more sensible to follow britain and to only allow scots to vote , but to try and win that vote . 
  i think you are exaggerating the importance of location . 
  never before has location mattered so little in this world where we are increasingly closer together , wherever we are located . 
  i do n't think geography is destiny when it comes to geopolitics . 
  there are many other factors too . 
  in many instances , the geopolitical interests of european nations are , in fact , different : for example the french and british involvement in libia , without germany . 
  or britain trying to become a hub for currency trading in chinese currency and maintain the supremacy of the city . 
  you 're right that it is in britain 's interests for europe to do well . 
  but europe can do well even if we are not part of the eu . 
  separately , the way i see things going in practice is that the only way britain is likely to stay in the eu is if we get several concessions from our current arrangements . 
  this will be test of how much the eu wants us to stay . 
  personally i do n't think that the eu will be minded to give us the concessions that we demand and that will make our exit inevitable . 
  i 'd say right now is the time to get this deal done . 
  markets are very buoyant and investors are desperate for yield . 
  the terms that slovenia get now are better than they would have been for years . 
  i 'm sure all these things did occur , greece had no realistic alternative . 
  they had to do what the troika said . 
  if you are greece negotiating terms with the troika , then having a suplus is a game-changer . 
  their bargaining hand just got a lot better . 
  their bargaining power with the bondholders also gets a lot better too . 
  having a suplus means that they could ( a ) leave the euro more easily and ( b ) default on their debt more easily . 
  they wo n't want to do either of these things , but they will be in the minds of all negotiating parties . 
  also , greece has just entered deflation territory and it is not clear when they will come out of it . 
  without a suplus , their debt would continue to grow , even if there was no deficit . 
  so in the case of greece , this is a good move , even though the consequences have been terrible for the greeks . 
  this was really their only option other than a chaotic default . 
  and the main argument against this is that the consitution can be changed . 
  there . 
  was n't so hard , was it ? 
  i think the election results will be rather dramatic myself and hard to predict in advance . 
  but there is no way that europe can go through the amount of austerity it has gone through without some consequences at the ballot box . 
  history is now . 
  i guess i work with too many germans not to believe in them !, 
  far be it from me to want to stereotype on the basis of nationality , but germans really do know how to work and get things done !, 
  yeah , they might have some issues like e. germany , but they would be fine . 
  if britain can survive outside the single currency , then germany definitely can too . 
  ( this is all very hypothetical and alternative history anyway . 
  the real discussion on this is a political one rather than an economic one . ), 
   what will have changed few years later , why ca n't be this one the real one ? 
  how many times do we have to vote ? 
  in my view , once . 
  [ the eu sometimes makes people vote more than once though if they vote wrongly the first time round . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/8288181.stm ) so make sure you vote in the right way . 
  otherwise you will have to vote again . 
  i 'm not using the scotland/england example as an example of something that happened in history . 
  i am using it as an example of a separation process that is currently well underway , using a legal and democratic process that is entirely peaceful . 
  your initial quote that i responded to was `` trying to split a country is a pretty solid way to start a [ civil war ] '' . 
  the snp are already trying to split a country . 
  there has been no civil war and nor is there one in prospect . 
  therefore it is a very relevant counter-example . 
  if they euro were to end , how much would the d-mark appreciate above its current value , do you think ? 
  the euro is already very high . 
  i 'm not sure if the peripherals really do put much downward pressure on the euro . 
  anyway , i agree that the euro has been beneficial to germany . 
  i was responding to the points made by j-p that the dissolution of the euro would be a disaster for germany and that germany is competitive because of the euro . 
  i think that emphasis is wrong . 
  disaster is too strong a word here and also germany is competitive because it makes very good things and sells them all over the world . 
  it can do this in any currency . 
  perhaps i am not expressing myself clearly . 
  i 'm simply saying that germany were a very successful economy before the euro and never had difficulty with exports . 
  do you deny this ? 
  if germany were to exit the euro ( not likely ) then i do n't think they would struggle to export . 
  scotland is still part of the uk , but they have a vote next year and so far there has been no violence . 
  in the event of a `` yes '' vote , there wo n't be any violence , though both sides will suddenly get very involved in the intricacies of the economic divorce . 
  i do n't think spain can afford to take a hard stance . 
  that stance will just make the catalans more keen to want out . 
  i think the uk 's soft stance is the more sensible approach , because it is less likely to polarise opinion . 
   the un , highest body in respect of this , recognises the right of a people to self determination . 
  and the definition of `` people '' from them would be the spanish people . 
  not just catalans . 
  it 's actually not clear that the catalans are not a people . 
  there are various ways international law would look at this and scholars debate the definition of `` people '' . 
  one argument might be that they have a separate language , culture , territory and so forth so they are a separate people . 
  international law might say that they have a right to some degree of autonomy . 
  ( generally , though , the legal argument in this context is futile . 
  in international law , the political considerations are almost always overwhelming and the legal considerations do n't matter much . ), 
  legally speaking , the right to self-determination applies to a `` people '' rather than a `` nation '' . 
  under international law , the catalans probably do qualify as a people . 
  however , international law is very vague on all this and the dominant considerations always tend to be geopolitical rather than legal . 
  it is hard to know what the prevailing mood is in the uk . 
  there is a large majority that does not want britain to give up any more sovereignty and there is a massive majority that want to keep britain out of the euro etc. 
  but when it comes to leaving the eu , views are much more mixed and that discussion is all to play for . 
  however , what is interesting is not really the views in britain as those are in many ways anomalous . 
  the interesting thing is the extent to which views in europe are ( or are not ) changing . 
  that 's why i think the elections will be interesting as it is the best way of discerning public opinion . 
  not necessarily . 
  it can happen quite peacefully , provided both sides are mature , as you would hope in a western democracy . 
  look at czech and slovakia . 
  or england and scotland . 
  ( maybe do n't look at yugoslavia . ), 
  i think the key test will be the european elections next year . 
  i do n't think the attitude has changed much in britain during 2013 , the key change in attitude occurred earlier than that , in say 2011 , during the heights of the eurozone sovereign debt crisis .
