  ( oh , the irish government did not help either by guaranteeing the debts of all irish banks , without knowing the extent of those debts . 
  but , they were put under intense pressure by the eu to do this , so it is not a surprise that they buckled . ), 
  the irish are very educated and have a very good tax regime which makes them hugely attractive for investment . 
  they are also very well-placed to adapt their economy to a services oriented economy for the future . 
  the main risks ireland has is that they are not able to control economic fundamentals , so will always remain vulnerable to the european central bank policies , which might conflict with ireland 's economic position . 
  ( you pays your money and you takes your chances on that one . ), 
  tell that message loud and clear to your dear friends in the green party of england and wales . 
  this message has not got through to them yet ... 
  it means that the markets trust you again , so you can borrow from them rather than have to rely on other countries to meet your borrowing requirements . 
  this means that you can implement austerity in the way you want , rather than in the way the troika wants . 
  mainly it is a prestige thing i suppose . 
  you are the poster child of the eu once more . 
  you are also the stick that the troika can beat portugal , greece and cyprus with . 
  ( look !, 
  it worked with ireland !, 
  it will work with you . ), 
   the depositors should be bailed out , the banks should be forced to close . 
  which depositors ? 
  private individuals or corporates ? 
  locals or foreigners ? 
  who should bail them out ? 
  the taxpayer ? 
  we will start to rethink that approach as costs of energy stay high in europe giving us a competitive disadvantage . 
  bitcoins are getting increasingly diverse as to their application . 
  they are still taboo from a complex financial perspective , but i wonder how long that taboo will last . 
   you should n't assume people belong to a unfavored political system if you wish for civilized discourse . 
  in that case i am happy take back my comment that you might be a communist . 
   i can see the need for regulation and banks , yes . 
  however i do n't understand the unending support for these systems that clearly does not favor the little guy . 
  bankers and banks does n't need your support regardless of what political system you hail from . 
  everything can always get better my strong preference is for banks not to be bailed out by taxpayers at all , and in fact , that is a position that most governments are trying to move to . 
  of course , banks might still need to be bailed out by bondholders or other investors in some scenarios . 
  i am cool with that though . 
   our current system is one where the one with great wealth sets the rules , me as a peon working away in their world have exactly zero power over my financial situation really ( except moving abroad as i was kindly suggested by another insightful commenter ) . 
  you can make lots of choices about where you put your money though . 
  you do n't have to keep your assets in a bank account . 
  you can invest in metals , wine , property , art , bitcoints , bonds or any asset of your choosing . 
  all investments have some risks though . 
  i just could n't work out from your post what `` system '' you were referring to , so i was n't sure how to answer the question . 
   why are you asking me this ? 
  this is relevant to the discussion about the circumstances in which eu migrants should get benefits in britain , which is the discussion at hand . 
   why do n't you address my initial post ? 
  if you scroll up slightly , you will see my answers to the questions you asked in your initial post . 
   everyone with above that amount would have lost the money to bond holders technically , in an insolvency scenario , senior bondholders tend to rank pari passu with depositors . 
  thus if the depositors lost then the bondholders would also lose . 
  the only way to give bondholders seniority to banks is to secure the bonds , but this tends not to happen with bank bonds . 
  some jurisdictions also have a depositor preference rule , though not most eu jurisdictions . 
   i 'm not understand what you 're criticizing here , what the troika did was the least-bad option . 
  i agree with you here that the troika was faced with no good options . 
  having said that , the cypriot crisis did not just flare up one afternoon , it could be seen from miles in advance . 
  ideally the troika would have got its ducks in a row at an earlier stage . 
  ( they were n't helped by the cypriot govenment though . ), 
  bank collapses were an unsurprising consequence of monetary union also . 
  at the time monetary union was established , it would have made sense to establish policy tools to deal with this kind of crisis . 
   who created the situation where deposits are held hostage against failed frivolous lending made by the same people who happily took in your money ? 
  the entire banking system that the whole world has had since banking first started is based on this premise . 
  if your money is in a bank , then you are ( a ) taking a risk on the credit of that bank or ( b ) taking a risk that your government will not guarantee your deposits ( up to the amount of the guarantee ) . 
  if you do n't like these risks , then having a savings account is not for you . 
  happily , we are able to chose which bank we want to put our money in and different banks invest in different ways . 
  or , feel free to start another bank . 
  or , feel free to withdraw all your savings and put them in a different investment . 
  or under your mattress . 
   who gave the power to eu to make decisions like locking down banks and using depositors money instead of owners , investors and advisors ? 
  the governments of the eurozone countries . 
   who created that kind of system , the same system that now `` warns '' about bitcoins . 
  i 'm no conspiracy nut , but this article and these warnings are hilarious in that perspective . 
  i 'm not sure what system you are referring to . 
  capitalism ? 
  if you do n't like it , feel free to vote for a communist party . 
  or , try and move to a communist country , like venezuela or n. korea and try your luck there maybe ? 
  lots of jobs , like cleaning , food preparation , manual labour , factory work etc do n't require a knowledge of english . 
  there are thousands of people employed in those sectors who do n't speak english . 
  also , if you 're not able to work in the uk , why would you move to the uk ? 
  i think it is great that so many eu nationals move to the uk to work and most do n't have difficulty working here . 
  but moving to the uk to take advantage of uk benefits ? 
  really ? 
  france has an influence in mali , central african republic etc. 
   so , what is ids going to do with the immigrants that fail whatever test is thrown at them ? 
  deport them , or let them starve , or push them into the black economy ? 
  no , just remove their benefits . 
  they wo n't be deported . 
  they wo n't starve . 
  if they want to work for the black economy then why do they need benefits ? 
  if they do n't want to work for the black economy , then they should get a job in the normal economy . 
  there are plenty of jobs at the moment in london . 
  ultimately though , the benefits problem in britain is n't about eu migrants though , instead it is about british people and they way they have been let down by a benefits system that needs drastic reform . 
  i totally agree with you that they should be able to fail , as required by capitalism . 
  in fact , my strong preference was the icelandic model in which there was a referendum as to whether or not to bail out the banks . 
  the increase in reserves requirements applies to the banks ' own money , i.e. 
  shares and tier 1 capital . 
  that 's why so many banks are doing capital raising exercises now . 
  they will therefore have less money to invest with . 
  the american banks did their capital raising exercises a few years ago and currently have a lot more capital to invest with . 
  that 's why so many european companies are looking to the us to meet their funding needs at the moment . 
  it does . 
  do n't celebrate too hard though !, 
  let 2008 be a lesson to you !, 
  no more crazy property booms please . 
  britain would veto that tax because britain would pay for that tax in a hugely disproportionate manner . 
  by all means , feel free to tax everyone in germany who works in a managerial position in a financial institution , if that is what the german people want to do to bail out german banks .
