  some bits of the media are interpreting it as if something else that was said . 
  you are also claiming that something was said that was not said . 
  i do agree that the uk government could have used clearer language . 
  if it were me i would have used clearer language . 
  however , that still does not mean that we should pretend that david davis claimed that the eba and ema could stay in the uk post-brexit . 
  yeah , unfortunately italy 's low growth is now systemic and there is very little that any italian government seems to want to do about it . 
  sad times for italians . 
   in what way will the location be the subject of the exit negotiations ? 
  the eba and the ema are currently in the uk and have infrastructure there and have leases . 
  of course the timing of the move and the costs of it involves negotiations because they involve costs , data , staff etc. 
   if the eba and ema are leaving london with 100 % certainty , what is the point of their location being part of the negotiation ? 
  there is no exact timetable for the eba and the ema moving . 
  this is something to be negotiated . 
   and the sole thing i truly wish is for the uk and the eu to keep on having a strong amical relationship in the future . 
  provided that the eu is sensible , this will happen . 
   lots of brits are pro-eu ( quite possibly more than voted to leave ) no , more brits want to leave the eu . 
  we found this out in the referendum . 
  i think it is accurate to say that the location of the eba and the ema will be the subject of the exit negotiations . 
  that is not the same as saying they could stay . 
  it is the same as saying nobody knows where the hell they will end up , copenhagen or lisbon or wherever else . 
  it really is not the same as claiming they could stay . 
   it honestly still hurts feeling unwanted . 
  ever had that feeling ? 
  i have lived in italy and have many italian friends who live in uk . 
  i get that lots of people are upset about the fact that british people do not want the uk to be in the eu . 
  the eu has an emotional attachment for some people and it is only natural that you feel emotional about it . 
  if you will be happier in the us , i would simply say that i wish you all the very best . 
  but i am not convinced that you are more wanted in the us than you are in the uk , though i do think that americans are much more friendly to strangers than brits are . 
  he is responsible for the actions of his department , but nobody in his department has claimed that the ema and the eba will stay in the uk post brexit . 
  they have made a different statement that a decision has not yet been made about where they will be . 
  i 'm simply pointing out that david davis did not claim that the eba and ema would stay in the uk after brexit . 
  his department stated that a decision had not yet been made about their location . 
  these two things are not the same . 
  i agree that you are giving an accurate representation of media stories , that is not the same though as david davis making a claim . 
  i am simply responding to someone making a claim which is not true . 
  yes - this is the same article . 
  it does not quote david davis claiming that the eba/ema will not leave the uk . 
  it quotes someone in his department making an incredibly vague pointless statement . 
  this will depend on many factors , like state of our economy and so forth . 
  my expectation is that if we look at countries that the uk is most similar too and their approaches to immigration , the uk will continue to have high immigration from around the world . 
  what we will not have is the eu 's free movement laws - this is obvious . 
  your two links seemed to link to the same article that did not say david davis says what you say he claims . 
   indeed , i am sure that if the europeans stop coming , the people of great britain will just be delighted to take in a bunch of indians , chinese , or africans instead . 
  we already do take in a bunch of these . 
  go spain !, 
  this is good news . 
   of course countries once subjugated by uk still get to feel some of its subjugation . 
  yeah , the irish government wants the uk to keep on with this . 
  uk citizens also get special rights in ireland . 
   it seems to me that the uk wants a special partnership with the money of the eu no , it seems like eu wants the uk 's money . 
   and that the largest single group of people who are likeliest to want to come to the uk are going to see that become a lot more difficult . 
  the rest of the world is a lot larger than europe . 
   that 's only 48 % . 
  i voted leave , i am extremely welcoming and tolerant . 
  do n't believe everything your press tells you about the leave vote . 
  no he did n't . 
   that 's a bit of a stretch . 
  who is predicting that the uk goes into recession ? 
   if the uk does n't manage to establish good trade deals with other countries ( including the eu ) before the brexit is finalized the uk will grandfather existing relationships with mexico , korea , switzerland ( which are the only important ones ) . 
  as for the eu , personally i think the uk should declare unilateral free trade and just leave things at that . 
   europeans definitely do care and we were talking about immigration from eu to uk , not from the rest of the world . 
  those europeans will get over themselves soon . 
  uk is going to put in place a new deep and special partnership with the eu which is fantastic for all of us . 
  this is true . 
   even if the immigration rules become `` only '' as strict as the us or australia , people will still be aware of the anti-eu national sentiment in the uk that doesnt exist in the us or australia . 
  most people in the world do not care about the uk 's views of the eu . 
  under no scenario is the uk economy going to shrink though . 
  the growth of the uk economy depends on decisions that are within the control of the uk government . 
  hopefully it will adopt good free market and open trade policies . 
   with brexit , you have effectively chosen to raise the barrier , and so , fewer people will come . 
  brexit does not mean some kind of permanent immigration policy for the rest of eternity . 
  it means that the uk parliament from time to time has an immigration policy and different parliaments may choose different ones . 
  we might decide to relax our immigration policy for example . 
  note also that there are other factors that lead to immigration too . 
  these include job market , english language , the uk 's welcome and tolerant people etc. 
   i am only saying that a likely result of having an immigration policy is that fewer people will want migrate to your country . 
  obviously if the uk had no immigration policy at all then we would have far more immigrants . 
  same as if your country had no immigration policy at all it would have far more immigrants . 
  both of our countries choose to limit immigration . 
  we are a net contributor to the eu currently . 
  it is not only possible it is also likely given that we know other countries can do this . 
  being a self-governing democracy is not frightening . 
  it is normal . 
  having an immigration policy is normal . 
   the government initiatives could only happen because government could afford those initiatives in the first place . 
  the uk government will have more money when we leave the eu . 
   okay , so the british government is just going to vary requirements by sector to keep up with demand for skilled/unskilled workers . 
  this is going to be a highly efficient process , that is moreover in no way reminiscent of a centrally planned economy , will certainly not involve a lot of bureaucracy and lobbying , and besides , foreign workers will of course happily jump through whatever hoops the uk government chooses to put up because britain is just that awesome and it 's not like you could go to germany instead . 
  how do you think countries like australia , canada , new zealand , usa manage their immigration processes ? 
  it is possible not to be in the eu and have high immigration and efficient economies . 
   that is what may is promising and given that she has and is likely to retain a large parliamentary majority , that is something she can accomplish . 
  she has been promising this for years but never really achieved it . 
  in those sectors where she wants more immigration then she can relax requirements . 
  other countries seem to manage this . 
   the hassle required for those people will remain unchanged . 
  i am not sure if you 're saying that the uk needs to think even more about the talent from the rest of the world ? 
  we will see if it changes - uk is going to have an election and put in place new immigration policy it seems . 
  personally i do think that the uk does need to think about talent from the rest of the world , because that is the best way for the uk to succeed economically . 
   the diversity of the country ( people , geography , etc ) and the high level of earning makes it much better ... again look at the levels of productivity . 
  australia is quite nice because it is simply a spectacular continent .
