  i have no idea what you are trying to write here . 
  i 'm just going to have to assume you do not know anything about finance . 
  the eu does not have an official financial capital and as matter of deliberate policy choice it places its various financial regulators and institutions in different parts of the eu , with the ecb being in frankfurt , the european securities and markets authority being in paris , the european banking authority being in london and so forth . 
  however , the measure of a financial capital is not simply the location of institutions , there are many other factors which are considerably more important . 
  finance is not an eu activity and in a globalised world thinking of it as such is a profound mistake and legislation that promotes this idea will end up costing the eu economy huge amounts . 
  finance is a global activity . 
  db do n't just lend to eu corporates , they operate in global finance . 
  siemans do n't just borrow from german or eu bodies , they borrow from the global markets . 
  the largest financial centre within the eu is of course london by a considerable margin . 
  frankfurt is on a par with luxembourg . 
   you assume that brussels would agree to that which is extremely unlikely considering that it 's against every interest they have . 
  the deal brissels has with norway right now is ideal . 
  norway is forced to comply with eu laws while at the same time paying into eu budget ( yes , they do ) , and having no input on anything in the eu . 
  no , this is not my assumption . 
  i read the report by open europe , which considers various alternatives and the liklihood for them . 
  it does not seem like you have read the report . 
  the ecb does not do business for the sake of business though , does it and instead operates as a central bank ? 
  it has a specific mandate for price stability and its market transactions all relate to the price stability function . 
  the other german banks are considerably smaller than db and coba . 
  non german banks do not have very significant presence in germany . 
  other parts of finance that are not directly related to bank activity ( law , accounting , hedge funds , insurance funds , pension funds , alternative investment funds , currency trading , commodity trading , derivative trading , conventional capital markets etc etc are all further ahead in london than frankfurt ) . 
  separately , it will not be easy for frankfurt to bridge that gap . 
  this is partly because of the english language makes london are far more attractive destination than frankfurth for finance professionals across the globe . 
  another reason is that culturally london is seen as a far more desirable destination than frankfurt . 
  and for most finance professionals , the salary in london is better than the salary in frankfurt . 
  when deutsche bank 's london investment bank branch is far bigger than its frankfurt branch , it is clear which financial centre is more significant . 
  i am a great fan of db and also commerzbank and love working with them . 
  frankfurt is where they do their german business . 
  london is where they do their global business . 
  cameron is keeping his options open . 
  in relation to the city , my position , as is clear in my earlier post , is that interests are increasingly finely balanced . 
  no , the uk 's timezone is not caused by access to european markets . 
  the uk will stay in the same timezone after a brexit , with same day settlement still possible with both asia and usa . 
  frankfurt is currently nowhere near london in terms of finance . 
  the success of the city is not largely based on access to european markets . 
  the city is a global financial centre , not just a european financial centre . 
  there is a debate currently in the city over whether the cost of poor and expensive eu regulation outweighs the benefits of being in the single market . 
  actually , as the report by open europe points out , there are a number of options open to a uk that leaves the eu in relation future relationship with the reu . 
  the uk would likely not take the norway option . 
  once the uk leaves , norway could well join with the uk to take a new option . 
  it is worth reading the article rather than just the headline of the article . 
  as is clear from the article , the central expectation of open europe is that a brexit would not significantly impact the uk economy . 
  i 'd actually recommend reading the entire open europe report in fact . 
  it clarifies that while it only considers economics , a decision over whether or not to stay in the eu involves other things to , given that the eu is not just an economic project . 
  it is far harder to model costs of loss of sovereignty and uk parliamentary democracy . 
  overall , the report is very cameroon . 
  it takes the position that the eu should be reformed in the direction that cameron suggests . 
  you 're right - however , i even find the `` offensive '' concept a bit odd now . 
  when did we suddenly need to be protected from being caused offence ? 
  for one thing , offence is such a subjective concept . 
  for another , a degree of offence is necessary in a liberal democracy with free speech . 
  i 'm somewhat conservative ( though if i were able to vote in france i would not vote fn ) . 
  however , what is the point of only interacting with people with similar views ? 
  that strikes me a boring and reduces the opportunity for learning !, 
   know you 're one of the most anti-eu people here , but you ca n't tell me you honestly think people outside of the daily mail 's readership are happy with the vicious way that those two have ripped through the country . 
  the welfare changes have been very popular among the electorate . 
  which particular change have ' t you liked ? 
  i 'm all for welfare for those people who are not able to work , but i think are tories are right to encourage all those who can work into work , particularly given that there there are labour shortages in much of the uk . 
  interestingly , many people [ have theorized that the uk jobs miracle is partly because of the welfare changes ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/10973875/whats-the-secret-behind-our-jobs-miracle-welfare-reform.html ) the education reforms have been less liked by the public generally , but free schools are essentially just a continuation of blair academies . 
  free schools are also popular with local parents . 
  what exactly do n't you like about them ? 
   i once held hopes of training to be a teacher once my time with dwp was over , but what those two have done has put me off ever wanting to do that in the uk . 
  i 'd rather go abroad and teach english now . 
  i have taught english overseas and really enjoyed that , so would certainly recommend it . 
  if you are not completely sure about teaching , doing this would give you a bit more certainty . 
  if teaching is what you love you should do it anyway , either in the uk or overseas . 
  there are so many varied and interesting teaching opportunities in the uk and elsewhere all over the globe , that it would be a shame to limit yourself . 
   one hopes that ids will be one of the first casualties , along with michael gove . 
  the reforms ids has done on welfare are actually incredibly popular in the nation as a whole . 
  gove is a bit more divisive , but i think he will be around for a while . 
  both ids and gove could well be in favour of a brexit . 
   france would be able to do that of course , it would just cost them more ( or more likely just be less efficient ) . 
  i disagree . 
  i think it would cost france less and be more efficient . 
   the eu basically considers that it benefits all countries , so they make a common policy . 
  not really . 
  it is more a case of eu member states at an impasse , unable to agree on changes . 
  it is there because of inertia rather than principle . 
   so that 's really just your own point of view . 
  you might as well be more regionalist than nationalist and say that you 're not happy subsidising things that do n't benefit your particular city . 
  it 's a valid point of view for yourself only but that 's no argument to stop the policy . 
  no - subsidies should happen in relation to a nation , because that is where the main democratic body sits . 
  also , in order to iron out differences in efficiency within a single currency zone , transfers of wealth are necessary and subsidies are a way to do this . 
  ( this is why huge transfers of money are necessary for the eurozone to become successful . ), 
   anyway i should remind you that the uk rebate is basically equivalent to not taking part in the cap , so you do have your special treatment . 
  yes , this kind of shows how ridiculous it is . 
  it would make more sense to end the cap completely and end the rebate . 
   but then it 's the same with everything , and taxes and subventions ca n't work that way . 
  i 'd choose not to pay for unemployment benefits for instance , since i 'm unlikely to ever need them . 
  maybe i would n't want to pay for public education , since i do n't have kids . 
  i do n't have a car , why would i pay taxes to main just to clarify , i am more than happy to subsidise many things that i do n't benefit from personally . 
  i never use health services , unemployment benefits and so forth , but i am happy to subsidise them as i believe they are part of the british national interest . 
  i am making a point that i am not happy to subsidise things that are not in the british national interest . 
   but saying individual countries should be able to get out of it as they want would be the same as just cancelling the policy , just like authorising citizens to not pay social contributions would n't work . 
  not really . 
  there are many countries in the world that currently subsidise agriculture . 
  why would france not be able to do that , if that 's what french people wanted , if there were no cap ? 
  if other countries in the world can do this , why not france ? 
  you 've not made a case for food security to be at a european level , rather than a national level or a global level . 
   i think the decisive challenge to the republican front will be the day of the second round of the presidential elections in 2017 .
