  the uk will leave the single market and the customs union and there still wo n't be a hard border because neither the uk or ireland want one . 
  between the uk and ireland there will be a customs border ( a bit like between norway and sweden ) but individuals crossing the border for personal reasons will of course not notice any border at all . 
  in fact it is just as easy for common law lawyers like me to follow singaporean judgments/regulations as it is for me to follow irish ones ... 
  no , i saw that . 
  my response was n't meant to be `` hey you 're dumb , i am correcting you '' . 
  it was meant to be `` hey - here is an interesting fact which is relevant and might interest you '' . 
   he could try to work towards having his vision of brexit become a reality . 
  instant repeal of the ec act for example . 
  i did n't think this was his vision of brexit . 
  any citation indicating that it is ? 
  also , given that he is very unpopular , and he knows this , it would be irrational and a waste of time for him to try and get elected in the uk . 
  most people who voted to leave the eu do not want farage to be part of the uk government or even be in our parliament . 
  the good news , as we leave the eu , is that farage will no longer have any elected position . 
  however , if you want to comment on what makes a financial centre successful , some knowledge of finance or even some wider consideration of the issues would help . 
  he does n't need to try to be in government because the labour party and the conservative party are now both committed to the uk leaving the eu . 
  i am not sure why it would make sense for farage to be involved in this . 
  that is technically true , but we know that he would not get elected . 
  so in practical terms he does not have a choice . 
  actual humans send services and capital from the eu to the uk all the time and this will continue . 
  how many e-mails and telephones do you think people in london receive from the eu each day relating to services and capital ? 
  how many flying visits are there ? 
  how many transfers of workers ? 
  none of this will stop , of course . 
   actually participating in the government that will deliver brexit , on the other hand , is out of the question . 
  it is the electorate the choose governments in the uk . 
  farage really does not have a choice . 
   this is what british fascism looks like . 
  no , the uk is really not an extreme country . 
  we have no tradition of extreme politics having never had serious fascist or communist movements . 
   the centre exists because it provides services to its hinterland ... a hinterland can create a new centre , but a centre ca n't create a new hinterland . 
  the hinterland is called the world . 
  if the eu wants to cut itself off from global capital , that will obviously be bad for the eu . 
   hahaha . 
  this guy . 
  london is fuck all without the single market . 
  i am guessing you do not work in finance . 
  no , the uk will stay open to all services and capital coming from the eu into the uk . 
   only one small party putting forward the case for a single market the party is small because its policies are not popular . 
  if staying in the single market was something people cared about , they would vote libdem . 
  however , it is important to me that we leave the single market so i will not vote for the libdems . 
   i just picked the first non-anglosphere location on the list for trolling purposes . 
  singapore uses the same language and same legal system as london . 
  it is essentially part of the anglosphere when it comes to finance . 
   i replied that london just announced it did n't want to be open to the eu anymore . 
  no , london plans to continue to be open to global capital markets , of course . 
   well , the professed financial capital of the world just announced that it did n't want to be part of the same single market anymore . 
  which will make things difficult for the single market if the singe market decides to cut things off from its own financial centre . 
  uk is going to keep its capital markets open . 
  you get a consultation on single market membership in three weeks . 
  so far i have been unimpressed by the eu here . 
  what they really need to do to improve their capital markets is to be open to the largest capital markets across the rest of the globe , as obviously markets for capital know no borders and can move easily . 
  instead they seem intent on inefficient regulation . 
   reciprocal treatment . 
  eu citizens ca n't move to canada without a work permit , so canadian citizens ca n't move to the eu without a work permit . 
  likewise , if the uk caps the amount of work permits given to eu citizens , the eu will likewise do the same . 
  the number of work permits given by canada to eu nationals is not related to the permits that different eu member states give to canadians . 
  each eu member state can make its own choice about how many canadians it gives work permits to . 
   as someone who wants to move to germany in future this pisses me off but it 's unfortunately what people voted for for some reason . 
  get some skills and learn german and you will be fine . 
  i was worried for a moment you might be trying to drink irish lager or something !, 
  why on earth does angela care about this ? 
  does she care if canada limits immigration from the eu ? 
  uk wants a relationship with the eu like canada has . 
  irish beer ?!, 
  what 's wrong with guinness !, 
  i 'm not sure what point you are making by downvoting me and listing dates . 
   only in the political laboratories of the tory party . 
  the maastricht treaty , in which the uk refused to join the euro , started a chain of events that made brexit inevitable . 
  this has been widely expected for a while . 
   wow , when did it happen ? 
  i must have missed it brexit is a process and not an event . 
  it has been going on since the maastricht treaty . 
  it will continue for many years . 
   the most widely known example is the eu 's agrarian policy for example , which france is profiting from a lot . 
  brexit is a great opportunity for the uk to completely end the cap . 
  hopefully the eu can completely end it too . 
  same as italian , though both meanings are widely used . 
  accuracy matters to some people , not to others . 
   i really do n't get the political grandstanding right now . 
  there can only be losers , and it 's blatantly clear that any migrants who are brought to eeurope will simply move to the west . 
  this was clear at the time that law was made . 
  these were reasons for not making the law in the first place . 
  but given that the laws were made , i suppose they should be enforced , if the rule of law is important to you . 
  or i suppose they should be repealed . 
   it 's about unloading many of the refugees germany is having . 
  i thought it was the refugees that greece and italy got , not the ones germany got . 
   it 's a terrible idea to go out without a deal . 
  i suspect that there will be a deal . 
  but of course , if the eu is not reasonable , there wo n't be one . 
   the european council , acting by unanimity on a proposal by one third of the member states or by the commission and after obtaining the consent of the european parliament , may determine the existence of a serious and persistent breach by a member state of the values referred to in article 2 , after inviting the member state in question to submit its observations . 
  there is only so far you can go without unanimity ... 
   how much leverage does orb\u00e1n think he has ? 
  if action is taken , sure it 'll stir a backlash . 
  he has a lot of leverage . 
  poland are not going to let the eu take action against hungary . 
  hungary are not going to let the eu take action against poland . 
   out of interest , what jobs pay # 50 + / hr on zero-hour contracts ? 
  lawyers at my firm brought in for special projects get more than this . 
  they get lucrative pay when there are complex document reviews , litigation , some transactions . 
  as a firm we would often prefer them to have fixed hours ( as that is in our interests and we have full-time staff shortages ) but some people simply want flexibility not to work fixed hours .
