  we should really enjoy these discussions and not fear them . 
   an additional premise of the free market is that we aligned a lot of the different market regulations in the different countries . 
  free trade does not necessarily require aligned regulation . 
  for example , the uk could legislate that anything that can lawfully be sold in denmark can also lawfully be sold in the uk . 
  that would not force the uk to align its won regulation with denmark , but danes could still trade freely into the uk . 
   now that the alibi is gone the uk has been an alibi for the eu , and also the eu has been an alibi to for the uk . 
  we have both lost our alibis and this will force both of our governments to face up to their own failures . 
  from a governance perspective , this can only be a good thing for both of us . 
  this was one of the reasons why i voted for brexit , not just for the good of the uk , but for the good of the eu . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i agree to disagree  but note that the uk is a mature stable democracy with hundreds of years without serious constitutional crisis . 
  the uk 's arrangements seem to work . 
   i can make a prediction we all die in a nuclear exchange , but my prediction is foiled if trump doesnt trigger the button you are not comparing like with like . 
  the uk is leaving the eu , it is just making a plan before beginning the process ( which was always the most sensible way to do it ) . 
  the british people assumed , when they voted , that this is what was going to happen and it was also what vote leave claimed would happen . 
  it is a shame that economists ignored this . 
  it would have been better if economists had based their predictions on the uk voting to leave and then the government coming up with a plan ( and then they could have noted that consumer confidence would remain high , economic growth would remain high and unemployment would continue to fall ) . 
   they wanted to be part of the same free trade zone that iceland is in . 
  it 's right there in the quote . 
  that trade zone includes non single market balkan countries too . 
  even if the eu agreed to remove tariffs ( which they wo n't ) there are not tariffs currently . 
  the question is whether or not the eu wants to impose tariffs . 
   it would still not be possible without adhering to the same rules regarding movement of labor . 
  not true , the eu has tariff free trade with turkey but no free movement of labour . 
   the anglosphere alliance would add 0.41 trillion from canada + 0.04 trillion from nz , for a total of about 2.55 trillion are n't you forgetting to add in ireland too ? 
  ( i kid , i kid ... ), 
  i am going to trust average joes to decide what is in their interests rather than saying we will ignore what they say they want and tell them what is good for them . 
   i think it is safe to say that at least a few pct went with leave because of this lie . 
  as you can see from vote leave 's website , they were clear that the uk should leave the single market . 
  they do want tariff free trade with the eu , which is what may also wants . 
   and polls clearly expected remain to win , so do you really want to use that as an argument ? 
  there are problems with polling , i agree . 
  however , if you want to claim that she is going against the will of the people , you do need to provide some evidence of what the will of the people is and i would be interested to see it . 
   source ? 
  i 've only heard the opposite . 
  [ see this for example . ] ( http://whatukthinks.org/eu/questions/in-highsight-do-you-think-britain-was-right-or-wrong-to-vote-to-leave-the-eu/ ) . 
  or alternatively [ this analysis ] ( http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/blog/archives/9788 ) . 
   that seems doubtful , but it pretty explicitly lays out your bias . 
  you 're not making a rational argument ; you 're writing a story that you 're trying to sell to me . 
  come back when you 've got more than rhetoric . 
  you seem butt hurt that british people want the uk to leave the eu . 
  i am not really sure why you are butthurt about it , but perhaps you need to simply look at the data and accept that british people do want to leave the eu ? 
  obviously , if british people do want to leave the eu , then the government should respect our wishes . 
  that 's what happens in a democracy , the government are there to do what the people want , not the other way round . 
   there might not be a long tradition of protecting minority rights in the uk , but that does n't mean it is n't a good idea . 
  there is a very long tradition of protecting minority rights in the uk . 
  but in questions about whether or not the uk should be in the eu , it would be weird to not to put the minority above the majority . 
   who are you to say that public opinion was n't at the crest of its sway towards leave the day of the referendum ? 
  all polling shows that after the referendum public opinion has held firm . 
  everyone all over the world told us that this referendum was incredibly important . 
  we went into the polling stations knowing that it was serious and after thinking hard about it . 
  we voted to leave , with our eyes open . 
   nothing has been debated as if there was a choice . 
  if parliament do n't like what the government is doing , they will bring down the government or pass legislation to stop what the government is doing . 
   as i said , it 's harder to change the constitution not in the uk . 
  in the uk the constitution is in a state of constant evolution . 
  it is not a fixed thing , it is an alive thing . 
   why should leaving the eu which in a practical way can be more important than it be decided by the average joe who is n't educated about the subject ? 
  average joes are more important than the eu . 
   we have a democracy not a direct democracy . 
  and our mps decided that the people should directly decide whether or not we leave the eu . 
  they could not have been clearer , if the people vote to leave , they will not stand in the way of the people . 
  that sometimes happens in a democracy . 
  you do n't get what you want , you get what the majority wants and you respect the result even if it was not your own preference . 
  [ it really is . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/01/23/even-remainers-think-mays-deal-respects-referendum-result-five/ ), 
   but what if that were the case with brexit , more or less ? 
  it was n't the case for brexit , more or less . 
  this was n't sum whim . 
  the government in 2013 announced plans for a referendum . 
  then we have a general election in which a majority of the public supported parties promising a referendum . 
  then we had a legislative process for the referendum , with due advice from the electoral commission . 
  then we had a national conversation about whether or not to leave the eu . 
  then we had a referendum . 
  at no stage in that process did anyone seriously argue that if a majority of british people voted to leave the eu that somehow the government should ignore that . 
  the vast majority of the british people think that the government should respect the result . 
   there really was no debate about how brexit would look like this is debated constantly all the time everywhere . 
   every poll has an inherent prediction error , it is a statistical certainty that they will fail sometimes . 
  considering how close the election was and how close the polls were i have little reason to suspect methodological flaws and instead suspect variance . 
  the british polling council have said that the polling industry had methodological flaws in relation to polls before the general election in 2015 . 
   they voted to leave within the margin of error of a regular poll . 
  many of the polls were outside the margin of error on the brexit referendum , e.g. 
  one on referendum day showed a ten point margin of victory for remain . 
   predictions were based on cameron claiming a50 be triggered immediately if economists make predictions based on wrong assumptions then those predictions are pointless and we were right to ignore them . 
   its already thought that were the vote to be re held again today , remain would win due to voters changing their mind & the amount of ardent leave voters that have since died ( old people ) . 
  would also help if it were a sunny day no , it is not thought that . 
  all polling indicates that british people still want to leave the eu . 
  is that undemocratic ? 
  some changes are simply so momentuous that a simple majority wo n't do . 
  different countries have different political histories and different constitutions and different cultures . 
  what works for the uk might not work for the netherlands . 
   instant remain support hits 51 % ( or 52 % , whatever ) , but it 's consistent with their logic of following through with a 52 % victory , come hell or high water . 
  under nobody 's logic does government policy change from day to day if support of a particular policy change . 
  we had a free and fair referendum to decide government policy . 
  the uk is not leaving in headless chicken mode . 
  may 's method of leaving the eu is very popular among voters in the uk . 
   she had no intention of complying with the law until it was taken to court , at which point she appealed , and again lost . 
  it was pretty clear . 
  the government had a different opinion about what the law was . 
   the leavers said a soft brexit was possible , so you can be sure that many voted with that in mind .
