  if you only want to encounter euphile views , this is not the right sub for you . 
   this is also somewhat related to the fact that labour made second languages optional in the uk in 2004 ( ? ) . 
  technically , they made it optional after the age of 14 . 
  i think it is still required between 11 and 14 . 
  i think the current government are trying to make language learning compulsory until 16 , which i think is a good idea because i think it is part of a wide education . 
   the fact that the uk governments always had this `` learn english or gtfo ; why do we need to learn a second language ? 
  we speak english '' attitude is n't really helping to combat the stereotype that uk students do n't know shit when it comes to other languages . 
  the uk is pretty welcoming to immigrants and that we have had huge levels of immigration because of it . 
   you can easily can live in spain without knowing spanish however if you read about the uk throwing a fit because some indian immigrant does n't know english it makes the uk seem a bit hypocritical . 
  i understand that more people know english than indian in europe but basically cancelling languages from the educational program is not beneficial at all . 
  there is n't a language called indian . 
  to be honest , indians tend to speak english extremely well and english is spoken very widely in india . 
  i have never met an indian who has difficulty with english . 
  but anyway , i understand your point . 
  i 'd say that it is more important for a working-aged person to learn a local language than a pensioner , because a working-aged person has a greater need to interact with the local people . 
   the point is : if you go to a country where english is n't the official language and you do n't even try to learn their language you look like an asshole . 
  you go to someone 's country and demand that he makes an effort so that you can speak to him in your native tongue . 
  while most tourists in england make an effort to speak in your language . 
  of course english is the most important language in the world but having such a demanding attitude is n't good . 
  i think it depends partly how long you are going to a place and other factors too . 
  i normally try and speak something in the native language , but i travel a great deal for work and sometimes just go to places for 24 hours and sometimes on very short notice . 
  how many languages do you expect me to have to know ? 
  also , it is not just anglophones who expect people to know english . 
  frequently i have come across , for instance , dutch , danes , swedes , travelling in other countries who do n't speak the language of that country and try and communicate with the locals in english . 
  i do agree though , that there is a way to be polite to people when you are in their country and this can be done either by trying to speak their language or alternatively by being grateful when they try and speak your language . 
  but i am not sure that it is fair to say that brits are less respectful than other people . 
   the same goes with this subreddit . 
  what would happen if everybody would write in their native language ? 
  you would probably understand italian , french , maybe spanish and maybe portuguese . 
  that 's pretty nice however somebody who does n't know any other language besides english would be screwed . 
  we 'd all be screwed . 
  nobody knows every language . 
   in my view , one of the problems that brits have with foreign languages , in addition to not really needing them , is that even if we want to learn one we ca n't be sure which one to choose . 
  i chose french and italian at random , but i have always felt embarrassed that i do n't know german . 
  i was once at dinner in paris with one other british person and four french people . 
  the french people all spoke english , i spoke french , but my british friend did n't speak very much french at all . 
  so we had to speak english during the dinner . 
  the french people complained ( jokingly ) that it was n't fair that we were speaking english , as there were four of them and only two of us and we were in paris . 
  but if you think about it , this situation could occur anywhere . 
  my british friend was n't being rude - he did speak german fluently and was only in paris for the weekend . 
  i still think most people learn language out of a professional or a personal need , rather than humility . 
  quite obviously , the needs of anglophones and non-anglophones are very different when it comes to learning other languages . 
  even if you take the view that humility is required to learn languages , i still think it does not make sense to single out anglophones . 
  it would have been better , in your original post , to have written : `` many people lack the humility to learn a new language '' . 
  the way you have written it strongly implies that you think anglophones are less humble than other people and if that is your view i think you should explain your reasoning . 
  i agree that it is still too early to tell . 
  economic data across europe is still rather mixed unfortunately . 
  a lot of british jobs fall ( legally ) outside the scope of the working time directive . 
  personally for years i have worked much longer hours than set out in the working time directive . 
  you 're right on the minimum wage point though . 
   many anglophones lacks the humility to learn a new language . 
  wow !, 
  what is it with the anglophone hate on this sub ? 
  i agree that lots of anglophones do n't learn new languages . 
  this is to do with need , rather than humility . 
  most anglophones do n't need to learn a new language for either professional or personal reasons , because english is , for better or worse , very widely used across the globe . 
  equally , the reason why lots of non anglophones learn english is not because of humility , but again because of need . 
  as another poster mentioned , i agree that in most cases it makes sense to learn the language of the country you are living in . 
  i would advise those brits who live in spain to try and speak spanish . 
  many of them will be pensioners however and might not have had the advantages of a good education and therefore learning spanish might not be easy for them . 
  and of course , arguably they do n't need to learn spanish . 
  personally i am anglophone and speak italian and french . 
  i 'm not going to pretend this is about humility , i learnt them because i happened to enjoy learning them and also because i lived and worked for a few years in italy . 
  even though i work in a very international field , knowing languages other than english hardly gives me a professional advantage to people who do not know other languages . 
  the hard drives did not belong to the guardian . 
  many thanks for your sincere answers . 
  who is the good intelligent statesman who can lead the eu to success ? 
  the only real statesman in europe at the moment is angela . 
  i am not sure if the belief that euope can stand strong as one is realistic . 
  not for the millions that depend on it for work . 
  i just finished le grand meaulnes by alain fournier , written just before the first world war . 
  this book certainly captures the magic of rural france and even though my french is far from perfect i am glad i read it in the original language . 
  i do n't think most english people are interested in french literature though !, 
  the french should market it better if tghey want to sell more !, 
  but at this stage are you not starting to think that perhaps it would have been better not to have joined the euro at all ? 
  how much pain must portugal endure ? 
  olive oil , feta cheese and ... and ... and ... the list goes on !, 
  does this mean britain have to get involved again to defend the belgians ? 
  i guess they should probably have thought of those things before handing over their fiscal policy to the ecb . 
  it is a real shame that de gaule did not get his way . 
  well - i guess if you want the large english law firms to be the only players who can compete and therefore people like me to get very large salaries you are going the right way about it . 
  i think what they are trying to do is ensure that the financial crisis wo n't happen again . 
  i 'm not sure if they will be successful and i expect not . 
  part of the reason for a change in regulation is a knee jerk reaction and it is not really considered . 
  personally i would reduce the regulatory burden on the financial industry . 
  this would allow smaller players to enter the market and potentially also allow financial centres to grow in other parts of europe . 
  in britain we did not get taught positive things about communism . 
  a lot of my friends are actually second generation poles or ukrainians actually and they informed me how bad the regime was . 
  what system would you prefer ? 
  i work for a very big law firm and we love all the new eu financial regulation on banks and transactions . 
  the volume of new regulation is so high that only very big firms like mine have the resources to pay people like me to spend all day reading extremely poorly written legislation and being able to advise on it . 
  in this way we 're able to force smaller law firms out of business . 
  big banks also love the eu because of this . 
  however , we do n't need to lobby the eu to increase the regulatory burden . 
  the commission is happy to do it all by itself . 
  it was reading eu legislation that turned me sceptic . 
  i 'm pretty sure the bulgarians and ukrainians celebrating on this thread are not neo nazis . 
  nobody in scandinavia thinks their social model is communist ideals . 
  maybe for rich british people , a statue of lenin might be part of history . 
  but for ukrainians who have endured communism , it symbolises oppression .
