  by the logic of ever closer union or something like the usa , it would probably be more democratic as a whole . 
  unwieldy , maybe , but democratic . 
  my honest opinion is that neither a system in which power is concentrated in the council or in the european parliament would meet my democratic ideals . 
  this is one of the reasons why i am so clearly in favour of a brexit : i simply can not envisage a reform i would find acceptable . 
   and that could get complicated this is certainlty an opion i share . 
   remember that countries such as denmark and sweden are n't joining the euro either . 
  yes , true . 
  and their positions are i think the correct ones for both countries . 
   although we 're not a party to the schengen agreement , we do have the cta with ireland . 
  yes , i think this is sensible given uk and ireland 's common history and interests and particularly the northern ireland situation . 
   i think it was 5 years , but i 'm not sure . 
  it is two years , but i think that it can be negotiated . 
   by the way , i notice how you are fencing with the word ` sovereignty ' on a regular basis , but i maintain a rather relative definition of it . 
  if the uk finds itself alone in the future , and therefore is forced to side with bigger alliances on a variety of subjects , it will have lost most of its external sovereignty regardless . 
  i do n't think this is really the case . 
  look at the pound for example . 
  the uk is all alone , on its island , using the poiund , without a bigger alliance . 
  and yet this situation is infinitely preferable to being part of a bigger union with the euro able to help shape eurozone policy . 
   he is stating that californians and texans identify differently just as british people and german people identify differently . 
  the comparison seems sound to me . 
  this is a comparison . 
   again , i 'm making the case that nationalism and unionism are n't mutually exclusive like you so naively claim , i have not claimed this . 
   you seem to be conflating the eurozone with the eu . 
  i guess i expected as much from a kipper . 
  first strawman and now conflation . 
  i am not saying that the eurozone and the eu are the same . 
  i am saying that the the eurozone is an example of an integration project undertaken by the eu that has not been successful . 
   this is mainly due to the united kingdom being the most powerful country in europe for several centuries . 
  i would point you towards the many and various problems outside of those countries ( and therefore the democratic institutions within them ) control which was then proceeded by political turmoil . 
  interestingly , two other european countries that have , by and large , had extremely successful democracies if we take a long view of history , have been sweden and switzerland and note that euscepticism is common in both of these . 
  i agree that part of the reason why the uk 's democratic institutions have been successful is because the uk has been powerful , but i do n't think it is the only reason . 
  for example , france was powerful at the time of the french revolution , but differently from the uk its monarchy had not really modernised . 
  in any case , whatever the reason for strong national institutions , it remains the case that based on historical experience the uk has more reason to trust national institutions than some other european countries . 
  separately , i find your tone extremely hostile . 
  my arguments are not strawmen and i am not conflating . 
  please stop using unduly hostile language like `` naive '' and `` kipper '' . 
  otherwise there is no point in us debating . 
   this . 
  which currency ? 
  the euro ? 
  lol, 
   so i guess in your eyes russia is n't a country but a group of countries . 
  i guess also kurdistan is a country to you and that africa and the middle east look completely different to how the rest of the world see 's them . 
  no , a right to self-determination is not the same as being a country . 
  perhaps at this stage , if you are interested in the topic of a right of a people to self-determination under international law , you might like to do some googling on it ? 
   tell me , when was the last time there has been a serious parliamentary inquiry into the powers of the uk intelligence agencies ? 
  [ you can read the annual reports and work of the uk parliament 's elect committee on intelligence and security here . 
  ] ( http://isc.independent.gov.uk/committee-reports/annual-reports )  do you sometimes wonder why there are so much more `` public relations executions '' of uk politicians than of politicians in other countries ? 
  the uk parliament is particularly adversarial compared to other countries which have more collaborative parliaments . 
  what is your explanation ? 
   if `` peoples '' defined countries the world would look very different . 
  the right to self-determination under international law is related to the concept of being a `` people '' . 
  this is why i find it odd when people make self-determination arguments when there is obviously not a related `` people '' . 
   he is n't `` comparing '' the texan republics history with british history . 
  he is stating that californians and texans identify differently just as british people and german people identify differently . 
  i 'm afraid you are just plain wrong here . 
  the difference in identity between brits and germans is far larger than the difference in identity between texans and californians . 
  it astonishes me that anyone would seriously argue the opposite . 
   that 's lucky because we are n't a federation yet . 
  but saying those things do n't exist now and therefore we should not have a federation is pretty silly . 
  the process for european integration has not unfortunately worked well to date , as can be shown by the implementation of monetary union without fiscal union which has been a disaster . 
  given this i am not optimistic about future integration . 
   arguably so has every european democracy i do n't think all european democracies have worked equally well over the last several hundred years and would point you in the direction of various military coups , civil wars , fascist dictators and one party states that various european countries have had to endure in recent memory . 
  the uk 's history is vastly different from that . 
   london is not dead set on sabotaging every effort to bring about a closer union . 
  something which london is n't , but it should not behave in such a manner somewhere in the future . 
  i think we will likely see that the uk will sabotage every effort to transfer soverignty from the uk and there are many westminster parliamentarians that consider this to be their full-time job . 
  i think the uk will likely accept the other countries can integrate futher , but at a price . 
  the uk eusceptics have been around since maastricht and they are not going away . 
  this does not strike me a good relationship !, 
  if cameron wins the election and begins a renogiation process , i am very interested to know what the dutch government will do . 
  the dutch want the uk to stay in the eu more than almost any other nation . 
  and the dutch themselves are increasinly eusceptic . 
   yes since lisbon treaty but what 's your point ? 
  i was correcting a point made by / u/zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzspaf . 
   meps are directly elected and commission members have to be approved by the european parliament . 
  is that undemocratic ? 
  you will maybe have seen my other points in which i argue that for a democracy to work effectively it needs more than formal institutions . 
  the south east are not a `` peoples '' under international law . 
   but i am always puzzled why you seem to think so highly of sovereignty as means in itself . 
  for me sovereignty should always be a currency , wisely spend to advance freedoms and happiness of a nations citizens . 
  i agree with you that sovereignty is not an end in itself , but a way of ensuring other things and particularly democracy . 
  if you think about it , democracy is also not an end in itself , but a way of ensuring things like prosperity , freedom , happiness and other more obvious `` goods '' . 
   you yourself know , that the uk will have to arrange herself with the eu somehow . 
  even a free-trade deal will put constrains on britain . 
  every other free trade deal with every other nation too , by the way . 
  i agree that a trade deal necessarily undermines soverignty to some extent . 
  my position is not that sovereignty is an absolute though and i recognise that trade is also a `` good '' and that to the extent that soverignty and trade compete with each other a balance must be struck . 
   the geopolitical realities of our shifting world will not just go away . 
  britain will remain a middle-power , unable to chart her destiny fully independent of the great powers . 
  the democratic decisions of the british voters will not grow in weight , just because they are no longer in the eu . 
  china , india , the us , the global multinationals and most of all the eu will all be free to push their own agenda on britain . 
  i do n't have a deterministic view of history . 
  we can not predict the future . 
  five years ago we could not have predicted what russia is doing now . 
  we do not know what powers the eu , china , india etc will have in the future . 
  even if we were sure that the eu , usa , china and india would definitely be the large powers in 20 years time , this is still not a reason for the uk to join the eu rather than the usa - i still would much prefer for the uk to sit between india , usa and the eu and maintain good relations with each . 
   that might very well be , but what are the chances that your quality of government will improve after independence ? 
  not that high i assume . 
  this is the great thing about a national democracy .
