  brexiteers like me are enjoying this intervention for a number of reasons . 
  ( 1 ) blair is very unpopular among almost every demographic in the uk . 
  the remain campaign deliberately did not use him much during the referendum campaign because he was felt to be a net negative . 
  using him now therefore seems a bit desperate and i suspect will shore up support for leave . 
  could they not find someone else ? 
  the fact that they could not find a single bregretful or bremorseful leaver is pretty telling . 
  ( 2 ) the timing of this intervention is as weird as fuck . 
  the house of commons has already approved article 50 notification , there is only the house of commons and the queen to go . 
  to actually stop brexit , he needed to get the house of commons on side before they voted . 
  what is the actual realistic technical way of remaining in the eu once article 50 gets triggered ? 
  ( 3 ) blair called out corbyn . 
  while it is true that corbyn is as useless as fuck , this will just end up with different parts of the left tearing themselves apart like a couple of starved ferrets . 
  meanwhile , tories get on with governing , largely unopposed and doing brexit largely unopposed . 
  ( 4 ) most of the substantive arguments in blair 's speech , like single market , like ftas that the eu already has , like brexit being a complex difficult exercise , like the risk of wto standards , like `` it is better to be in a bloc '' , were already made during the campaign . 
  whether you agree or disagree with those arguments , they were not enough to convince the british public . 
  i do n't know why making them again would change that . 
  there were n't really any new arguments . 
  ( 5 ) the speech contained a hope that the uk should try and stay in a `` reformed europe '' . 
  this seems a bit delusional given that cameron already tried and failed in that attempt , but somehow that was n't mentioned . 
  is blair really expecting may/johnson to say to the eu , `` oh , that whole referendum thing , forget it lol , we actually want to stay , but you have to reform it , but this time we actually mean it , lol , k thanks '' . 
  there just is n't enough popcorn in the world for that . 
  and any speech ( not by blair but by anyone ) calling for a reformed europe is pointless unless you actually set out what you mean by reform . 
  everyone agrees that the eu has to be reformed , nobody can agree how . 
  ( 6 ) so far it seems that no notable politicians or business people have supported blair other than clegg . 
  perhaps more will , but if you really wanted to do a good campaign , you would have lined up your supporters in advance . 
  ( 7 ) blair has already been criticised by some people who were on the remain side ( including britain stronger in europe 's former vice director , lucy thomas ) who have said that they accept the referendum and now it is a question of getting the best deal . 
  there is no such thing as the 48 % anymore , they are now divided between the die-hard remainers and the people that are focused on getting the best deal . 
  meanwhile the leave coalition ( which admittedly had a spectrum of opinion ) has been largely holding together and largely supporting may . 
  you guys are so boring !, 
  the middle of london is where life is . 
  i ca n't see myself ever moving out to the sticks . 
  if anything , i will move closer to trafalgar square . 
   i prefer to create something by using my skills and brain . 
  that is what i do with my desk job  law is very creative . 
  just because you ca n't see it , does not mean it does not exist ... 
   no to allow immigrants to come to your country . 
  i voted to leave the eu . 
  i did not vote to end immigration . 
  we will keep having immigration just like usa , canada and australia do . 
  english language plus jobs means immigration . 
   do you think such insane prices are actually good for the local people ? 
  not everyone can become investment banker , accountant or financial consultant . 
  there are folks with blue collar occupations as well . 
  it has been clear for multiple years that the uk is not building enough houses for its very quickly growing population . 
  that is one of the key policy issues that the uk needs to confront . 
  unfortunately the current government is not focusing on it . 
  building more houses would be a start , but if you want to live near london and you are blue collar , you need to accept that you can not afford to buy a house . 
  i am not really sure what the solution to this is . 
  uk urgently needs to build more houses ... 
  london is the capital of the world . 
  when you buy a property in london , you know that you are competing against saudi oil tycoons or mega-rich indian/chinese/usanians etc. 
  prices are high . 
  there is of course a massive cost to the uk population in hosting the world 's most globalised city . 
  but overall it is a benefit to us ( in my view ) . 
  let 's drink to globalisation !, 
  8 mins walk from sloane square is very good location . 
  this means can commute to the city in 30 mins which is basically perfect for more than a million people . 
  this means that the property can always find tenants . 
  also , close to victoria station ( which means good access to gatwick ) . 
  a taxi to heathrow wo n't be too bad either . 
  amazing location . 
  i half want to buy it , but prefer walking to work myself . 
  this house will go for more than # 600k . 
  the location and style mean it is worth more than that . 
  it will never go down in price . 
   certainly not , you 're completely upright about your opinions . 
  so i do n't think the `` at worst '' phrase is even an option . 
  i am absolutely thrilled and delighted that we can agree . 
  we ca n't predict the actions of a democracy . 
  that is a good thing . 
  the voters ' preferences may change . 
  we just do n't know if the voters will want more fiscal transfers . 
  what we do know is that there have been large uk fiscal transfers for generations . 
  i do n't agree with this proposal . 
  a lot of people voted in the eu referendum exactly because we told them that it was really important and that their vote mattered . 
  i think if we had told them that it did n't matter how they voted , because their vote was not the final decision , turnout would have been much lower . 
  i am not even sure if i would have bothered voting if i had been told that the vote would not be the decision , but simply an opinion poll . 
  i actually do n't know what would happen if a second binding referendum was held three days after the first one . 
  i guess if the first one was n't going to count i would not have voted in it and instead only bothered voting in the second one . 
  i think the public would have found it quite weird if there were two votes within a week on the same question . 
  has any country in the world ever done this ? 
  i am a lawyer not a banker :-), 
  send fish to the city of london plox . 
  also cook them !, 
  i had one bottle which is good , but too expensive :-), 
  the uk is of course leaving the eu . 
  we wo n't be eu citizens soon . 
  you want free movement at your chosen boundaries , i want it at mine . 
  calling my view a `` nationalist '' view makes really no sense . 
  i want the uk to embrace free trade around the globe , reduce tariffs on all countries . 
  my view is the globalist one . 
  you seem to want tariffs on agricultural imports from africa . 
  my conclusion is that your primary reason for voting remain is so that you indians and africans would be discriminated against in favour of europeans . 
  i hope you do n't find this a personal attack . 
  it is simply my conclusion . 
  ( i ) in my own area of expertise , the quality of eu regulation is poor , making advice difficult . 
  this is a subjective opinion , necessarily , but you have not offered any argument to the contrary . 
  ( ii ) single market regulation does not relate to trade deals , but huge amounts of all our regulation full stop . 
  regulation goes to the very heart of how our society is organised and is in my view of course related to democracy . 
  ( iii ) there is good data from some economists on how innovative the eu 's single market is .
