  edit - / r/europe has far better moderation too . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is unbearable . 
  i have so little karma there that i have to wait ten minutes between posting . 
  the eu is rich . 
  if it wanted , it could just move the money to where it needs to be . 
  it just does not want to do that . 
  this is not something i can really help you with i am afraid . 
  i was convinced in the uk 's case that being in the eu undermined our own democracy , which is why i voted leave in june . 
  but the uk has strong institutions which have developed gradually over centuries and which have survived difficulties in the past , so that is why i had more confidence in them than in eu institutions . 
  in greece 's case the answer might be a different one . 
  i agree , as things stand it does not much matter how you vote because you can not make many changes within the eu to how you should be governed . 
  personally i have a lot of confidence in the greek people , but do you have confidence in yourselves ? 
  do you think you would be able to create an effective democracy ? 
  only you can answer this question . 
   as an italian i see it a beacon of hope as a brit i think you are being a bit unrealistic because i do n't think that germany would agree to this . 
  i am also curious to know how long you will wait to find out and what the plan is if germany does not agree . 
   how is the debt going to be paid ? 
  it ca n't . 
  it has to be written off . 
  whether greece stays in the euro or leaves the euro , this has to happen . 
  ( or , i guess , we can just let greece get more and more indebted forever , which seems to be the current plan . ), 
   \u2022 how is greece going to be supported in the first years ? 
  if greece stays in the euro , this is the eurozone 's problem . 
  greece will need support in terms of fiscal transfers from the eurozone core likely permanently . 
  if greece leaves the euro , this is the international community 's problem . 
  ideally greece can get new support from the imf , provided that greece reforms within the context of a new currency which helps greece become competitive . 
  in this circumstance , i would hope that the uk played its part in helping greece , by offering bilateral support etc ,  should greece remain in the eu nonetheless ? 
  i would be surprised if greece is allowed to stay in the eu if it leaves the euro as there is no easy legal mechanism of doing this . 
  i am personally astonished that greeks still want to stay in the eu , but i have not been through your history . 
  i think the relevant question here is `` does being in the eu help you with your democracy ? '', 
  if the answer is yes , then try and stay . 
  if not , then leave . 
  this is a pretty tricky question i guess !, 
   and to be honest ... too late to discuss what should have been done i disagree on this . 
  i think working out what mistakes you made and why you made them ( not just as individuals , but as institutions ) is fundamental part of a self-correcting democracy and without doing this i think it is harder to get things right next time . 
   in general , it seems that free trade is far from the only guiding principle too , so it ca n't be all of the motivation for brexit then . 
  free trade was not my main motivation for brexit , my own motivation was democracy . 
  free trade was a secondary motivation in my own case . 
  but different people have different motivations , of course . 
  actually , during the main bit of the campaign itself ( jan-jun last year , when i was knocking on doors each evening to speak to voters ) i was really struck by the wide variety of different reasons people had for voting leave , some of these with completely different positions from my own . 
  living in a wealthy part of london i live close to lots of far left activists and many of them campaigned for brexit with me . 
  in fact , the wide variety of different reasons people had for voting remain was also really surprising . 
  if everyone in scotland had voted to remain in the eu , the uk would be remaining in the eu . 
  those leave votes in scotland influenced the result . 
  this is very true . 
  and sorry to be tedious here , but this was also something that was said at the time . 
  one of the things that makes me have no confidence in the eu , is that it does not have effective self-correcting mechanisms . 
  mistakes such as this do n't seem to get admitted , which then stops them being corrected . 
  this is partly because european integration is seen as a political good in-and-of-itself that can not be questioned by right-thinking people . 
  you seemed to want to know whether or not he was disappointed . 
  i was telling you . 
  then you seemed to wonder whether or not the his comments made sense . 
  i was telling you that they did . 
  i appreciate that english might not be your first language and that sarcasm can be difficult to detect on the internet , but both from his first comment and his second comment it is clear to me that he is in favour of sanctions . 
  i got all of his comments and they made sense to me . 
   so either the eurozone blinks and agrees to the imf demands ( debt relief , fiscal union etc ) or the imf blinks and other countries agree to another bailout . 
  prediction - imf blinks . 
  if they were n't going to blink , i think they would need to be being more clear now about their position . 
  just in case you still ca n't tell , to me it is very obvious that / u/szkwarek is pleased that uk is in favour of sanctions . 
   it says `` have left '' it does not imply `` should leave '' . 
  back in 2011 , the imf did not say that greece should leave the euro . 
  my own view ( which i was not shy of sharing ) was that it should . 
  i am glad that the imf seems to be moving to my position . 
  now in 2017 , the imf is still not saying that greece should leave the euro , simply that it should have left it in 2011 . 
  ( for the avoidance of doubt , i am still saying that greece should leave the euro . ), 
  my expectation is that in 2023 the imf will publish a report in which it does not say that greece should leave the euro , but simply that it should have left in 2017 . 
  ( i will say that it should leave the euro . ), 
  the fundamental logic has not changed and seems likely it will not change . 
  greece is in a currency union with economies that are more competitive than it , without effective fiscal transfers between those economies . 
  of course he knows , he receives advice from the fco . 
   instead , they do it because they want something in return . 
  bojo wants the eu also to commit to sanctions . 
   stronger together . 
  agreed . 
  hopefully the eu will agree with the uk and the us on the question of sanctions . 
   eu cares what the uk foreign secretary has to say though . 
  especially if he states that the uk has a clear position that does n't depend on the decision from the usa . 
  this was clear when may met trump a couple of weeks ago . 
  may was asked in the press conference about sanctions and she confirmed that the uk position had not changed ( but interestingly she did not make any statement about the us position , differently from the words she used about the us position on nato ) . 
  this made me think that may had not received any assurance from trump on this , despite asking . 
  i still think the us will keep sanctions in place though . 
  it seems like bojo is going slightly further - i think he wants to ensure that the eu remains committed to sanctions whatever the us position . 
  obviously , germany and poland will both want them maintained , some other eu member states might be less firm . 
  the whole point of sanctions is that they work best if as many countries as possible agree to them . 
  this is why when the eu originally put in place sanctions on russia , it did this in conjunction with usa , japan , australia , norway , new zealand and canada , i.e. 
  as much of the democratic west as possible . 
  it would have made less sense for eu just to do sanctions without consulting its allies . 
  brexit does not , of itself , change the efficacy or purpose of sanctions or the ultimate truth that they need to be co-ordinated by the west . 
  uk and eu can not just not talk to each other about them . 
  i bet you reddit gold that they will sneak over that 5 % threshold ... 
  wake me up when you start rationing fun things like rioja and salchicha - that would really cause panic !, 
  i agree that there is only a very small chance of him becoming chancellor . 
  i know what germans are like , in their souls they may have ideas of `` angst '' and be the `` land der dichter und denker '' , but this does not stop them being incredibly conservative . 
  i think they will end up voting for merkel . 
   but if he really does that i guess we 'll find out how big protests and demonstrations in germany can become these days . 
  i guess we will find this out . 
  but how effective have protests ever been against the inexorable logic of eu and eurozone integration ? 
  the only protest that really works is at the ballot box . 
  and what would you be protesting against , but economic reality ? 
  you might as well protest against gravity .
