  the uk is the only country with a land border with ireland . 
  all the other eu countries have passport controls with ireland . 
   uk passport holders wo n't be able to enter the republic eu job market has the irish government made any statement about the ability of uk passport holders to get jobs in ireland ? 
   once you 're in ireland , with an open border to north ireland there 's nothing stopping you from entering the uk proper . 
  the aim is not to stop people entering the uk other than people without visas or terrorists etc. 
  ireland and the uk both share the same concerns here . 
  the aim is to ensure that passport free travel between the uk and ireland continues ( which is what everyone in the uk and ireland wants ) . 
   seems a little pointless considering that , even if a deal were agreed , the additional control measures ca n't legally apply to eu citizens . 
  the concern the uk has is not stopping eu citizens enter the uk . 
  it is stopping them have an automatic right to work in the uk or get benefits in the uk . 
  i find the term hard brexit a bit ridiculous since it means different things to different people . 
  whether or not the type of exit favoured by the government has a parliamentary majority is uncertain . 
  however , what is the alternative ? 
  what type of exit does have a parliamentary majority ? 
  and is that type of exit even available ? 
  before those questions are answered , there is no point parliament blocking the government . 
  what do they propose instead ? 
  we did n't bottle it . 
  we just did n't want it . 
  personally i like the fptp system . 
  noted , thanks . 
  almost all of them could vote . 
  the only ones who could n't vote were the ones out of the uk for more than 15 years . 
  there are n't three million brits living in the eu . 
  majority of brits living in the eu could vote . 
  kind of . 
  in the eu referendum , scots resident in england could also vote ... 
   besides , it 's not like 67.2 % turnout is a bad turnout in this country . 
  and the infyref was more emotional than this one too . 
  i agree that the indyref was more emotional which is one of the reasons why it had a significantly higher turnout . 
  the fact that scots felt much more emotional about one subject than another is interesting . 
  this is one of the reasons why i think we need to consider the two referendums very separately . 
   but you can make one assumption on the speculation about a higher turnout , based on the hard numbers at hand . 
  no , you can not assume that people who do not vote will vote in the same way as people who do vote . 
  they are two very different populations that do not represent each other . 
   but , the point you were making was that the eu referendum was worth less than the indyref . 
  i 'm not saying that one is worth less than another . 
  the results of both should be respected . 
  but anyone really interested in politics is interested in the complete data , which includes not just proportions of people voting , but also turn-out . 
  this is because turn-out does tell us something about how important people think voting in a particular contest is . 
  it just is n't data we can ignore /  you want the bigger margin in the later referendum to be less important than the bigger actual number in the former . 
  i want both referendums to be respected as anything else is undemocratic . 
  it is not the case that either number is more important or trumps another , because in both cases the referendum result will be respected . 
  of course , a majority of scottish people who voted in the eu referendum voted for the uk to remain in the eu , whereas the majority of people who voted in the uk as a whole voted for the uk to leave . 
  that of itself does not tell us that scotland should be independent , because that referendum was not about independence for scotland . 
  i personally am more than happy for scotland to have another referendum on independence ( if that is what the people of scotland want ) . 
  i do n't think the eu referendum is a proxy for an independence referendum though and i do n't think there needs to be a proxy . 
  just wanting a referendum is enough . 
  you just need to read your own post to spot the illogic in it . 
  here you write :  you can not make any assumptions about the people who did n't vote . 
  and here you write :  what one can do is to apply the massive result to this , and make the one assumption that, 
   no , it is not . 
  you can not make any assumptions about the people who did n't vote . 
  i have not made an assumption about them . 
  i have pointed out that they did not vote which is a fact . 
  the act of not voting is not the same as the act of voting . 
  while we can not know for certain what not voting means , the one thing we can say with certainty is that it is not the same as voting , which is the point i am making . 
   what one can do is to apply the massive result to this , and make the one assumption that in all probability , the spread would mimic the result of the actual vote because unlike a poll a referendum does n't need to be weighted . 
  no , you can not do this . 
  the population of people who do vote is not representative of the population of people who do not vote . 
  they tend generally to be far less educated for example . 
  while i agree that using facts can be dumb , i do n't think my use of facts was dumb . 
  however , / u/thecolinous was misleading writing '' * half of us voted to leave the uk two years ago , and two thirds of us voted to stay in the eu . 
  * '' the turnout was significantly different in these referendums . 
  and i do n't think 45 % is half and i do n't think 62 % is two thirds . 
  if a poll with a 1000 people have a margin of error of 3 % , what do you think the margin of error would be for a poll that has millions of people in it ? 
  a standard poll only has a margin of error of 3 % on the assumption that the sample is representative of the population as a whole . 
  clearly , people that vote are not representative of the population as a whole . 
  separately , the very act of bothering to vote in one case but not in another case is revealing and interesting . 
   you should stop using that argument . 
  it 's really , really dumb . 
  just saying . 
  it is n't an argument it is just a fact . 
  a fact ca n't be dumb . 
   it would also be insane - not every country in the world is equally interested in the safety of its products and services or equally diligent in maintaining fair labour standards , let alone willing to prevent dumping . 
  so that 's not going to happen . 
  my suggestion is obviously on the somewhat extreme side , but there are other ways still of putting in place a regime that has fewer barriers than currently . 
  for example , the uk could put in place a regime that allows anything sold anywhere in the world in reliance on iso standards to be sold in the uk , without any tariffs . 
  that would of itself reduce barriers . 
   if you 've been listening to what may was saying this week , you 'd realize that the actually existing uk government would not adopt such a policy . 
  i was listening to may 's speech , she is less deregulatory than i am . 
  but that is not the same as putting up barriers . 
  it also is not a feature of brexit itself , but a feature of how may chooses to govern . 
   heh , so no scots in the foreign office any more ? 
  scots have traditionally been over-represented in the fco for some reason . 
   considering half of us voted to leave the uk two years ago , and two thirds of us voted to stay in the eu . 
  more scots voted to remain in the uk than voted to remain in the eu . 
   even historically the domestic english clothing industry was being outcompeted by the indian one , so they had to resort to other measures to hamper the latter . 
  if india does something more efficiently than the uk , there is no point the uk putting barriers up . 
  this just harms british consumers . 
  british industry should focus on what it is good at ( obviously it is good at some things and not others ) . 
   the discussion is about what is lawful , of course . 
  what is lawful in the uk will depend on how the uk legislates . 
  i am suggesting how it should legislate . 
   it depends on how you spin it , no ? 
  not myself personally , but close to half your fellow british compatriots will be stripped of their european citizenship against their will . 
  this seems pretty dystopian to me . 
  you might not like the uk leaving the eu , but that does not make it `` undemocratic '' . 
  that is what we are discussing , whether or not it is democratic . 
  it clearly is democratic to leave the eu .
