   the greeks have laws regarding rights of the person versus the city-state going back thousands of years , perhaps we should have them draft all our hr legislation if seniority is such a valued commodity . 
  there is not a continuum between the laws of greece today and the laws of the greek city states . 
  besides , i am not arguing that a long tradition in human rights is a reason why a country should draft rights legislation for other countries . 
  i am simply saying that it is one of the reasons why the uk can put in place legislation for itself . 
   you do n't seem to understand that britain 's history with human rights is not exceptional . 
  it 's admirable , certainly but so are those of most other european countries , beginning with france in my personal opinion . 
  and again you slip in a nonsense phrase like `` proud tradition of liberties . '', 
  this is literally meaningless filler . 
  this is a strawman , i 've not said exceptional : i wrote `` proud tradition of liberties . 
  given that you yourself has said that the uk has an admirable history of rights , which is substantially equivalent , i find it very odd that you would argue with me on this point . 
   again , this is just an opinion , and in my view and apparently that of a few others a dismissable one . 
  as a side note , if you do n't know what primacy means just message me and i 'll be happy to explain it for you . 
  as mentioned before , it is against community guidelines to downvote unpopular opinions . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` dismissible '' here . 
  it sounds like something you do n't like . 
  the fact that others also downvoted me too , shows what am echo chamber this place is . 
  i know what `` primacy '' means . 
  it is a concept that has generally been used in relation to eu law rather than judgments of the echr . 
  edit  and that arguement was found wanting . 
  just because you have a right to an opinion does n't mean it has to be heard . 
  as mentioned , please check community guidelines . 
  the purpose of the downvote button is not for you to criticise opinions you disagree with . 
  i believe my country should cooperate when it is in its interests to do so . 
  you think the same . 
  i am not sure why you are trying to pretend their is a difference . 
  i 'm afraid you 're not answering my question . 
   the people in the conversation are almost always going to revert to the same paradigm as to their respective background . 
  this is probably true . 
  most common lawyers hate to think like civil lawyers and vice versa . 
   still , it seems to me that a system like that would be a lot easier to subvert than a fully written and codified one . 
  besides , it does n't even have to be malice or anti-liberalism or whatever that hurts an individual 's right , it can just as easily be bureaucratic inefficiency or stubbornness or an honest mistake and so on . 
  in my mind these are theoretical risks which do n't seem to have occurred . 
  i am reminded of that joke about french functionaires who say things like : `` i know it works in practice , but does it work in theory ? '', 
  in britain if it works in practice we do n't think about the theory . 
   it 's not an either/or situation , the point is to have both ( which in a sense you already have ) . 
  like i said , it 's better because it gives an additional avenue to pursue , in front of an even more independent body than a national court . 
  i think that national courts can be completely independent and i would say that the uk courts are . 
  indeed , if we start to say that national courts are not independet , we are challenging a foundation of democracy and the rule of law . 
  provided that the uk has three levels of judicial appeal , i think that a fourth appeal , to the echr should not be necessary . 
  i do n't think two systems are better than one . 
  why not three systems ? 
  the ideal is to have one good system in my mind . 
   the uk national courts already failed at applying the echr in those cases ( again , unless you believe the european court is on some kind of crusade to make british courts look bad or something ) . 
  i will have a look at this and the cases . 
  however , i am not sure if a difference in opinion between the uk courts and the echr is the same as saying that the uk courts failed . 
  why should the echr be better at applying the law than the uk courts ? 
  i find the proposition that you hold , that when the uk courts and the echr disagree that it is the uk courts who have failed somewhat strange . 
  why not take the alternative view , that the echr has failed ? 
  why is one body of judges better at interpreting the law than another ? 
   it 's a bit annoying as most of the time it 's approached as an intelligent and objective discussion , but always reverts back to the same old pro/contra positions . 
  i 'm not really arguing a pro/con case . 
  i am more arguing a difference case . 
  i 'm not saying that continental europe should adopt the common law !, 
   and a depressing return to weasel words . 
  your kind of arguement belongs in the tabloids - of course britain has a history of liberty and human rights , as well as opression , invasion and slavery , just as any other nation . 
  not all countries have equal traditions of protecting liberty do they ? 
  the uk 's tradition of rights of the individual against the state goes back 800 years . 
  the fact that the uk has a particularly strong tradition is really not a tabloid argument . 
  why do you think that the uk was so instrumental in creating the echr in the first place ? 
  is your position that the uk does not have a proud tradition of liberties ? 
   the results of echr cases can have enormous impact on national policy . 
  i 'm not at all sure you know what you are talking about , but i 'm sure you can find me a lovely poem about it . 
  firstly you say that the echr is going to legislate . 
  then you talk about primacy . 
  it does seem that i know more than you about this area . 
  you 're right that the results of cases can have an enormous impact . 
  this is one of the reasons why the uk should pull out . 
   and yet you still do n't seem able to understand that your own post was at fault for being dismissable . 
  dude , you are downvoting me because of my opinion . 
  this is very normal in r/europe . 
  i gave an opinion . 
  i argued it . 
  i gave a reason . 
   what kind of cooperation do you want your country to do that is n't in your countries interests ? 
  i take it you are not for any co-operation that is n't in your country 's interests then ? 
  do you know what ? 
  we 're the same . 
   in the end , regardless of the subject at hand , this is just about a feeling of belonging and feeling european or not . 
  all your comments are very much anti-eu , or at least you feel like the uk does not belong in the uk . 
  you 're a smart person . 
  you consider that uk apart from the rest of europe and that the uk should protect its interest.i suspect that if a union/federation would be the aim of the anglo-sphere you 'd feel much different about that than the eu . 
  as much as we 'd pretend this to be an argument with an intelligent nature , it 's still emotional on which side you happen to be on . 
  actually i would be anti an anglosphere union . 
  i think the uk should not limit itself to particular blocks but to have good relations with as much of the free , liberal and democratic parts of the world as possible . 
  the uk should have very good relations with much of the anglosphere , though , partly because we share a language and also because in quite a few cases we even share a head of state . 
   between the continent and the uk there is a very obvious distinction in terms of feeling european . 
  two different legal systems that are based on different values , different structures and different views on how society should function . 
  it 's really just a huge conflict that 's illustrated in legal arguments , cultural , even economic . 
  i agree with you . 
  this is one of the reasons why euscepticism is so strong in the uk . 
  the other is that our experience of 20th century history was much more positive . 
   the whole point of the policy is to stimulate/preserve food production capacity . 
  if you do n't farm more there 's no point in handing you money . 
  it is ridiculous to have the policy of stimulating food production . 
  it is also ridiculous to suggest that the uk should , by virtue of having less agriculture , be a net contributor to this crazy system . 
   the echr is relevant to the guardian incident as it reasonably represents a violation of article 10 . 
  that 's the echr angle and that 's why it 's relevant . 
  and the guardian can take the government to court . 
  and they can do that even if the uk pull out of the echr . 
   there are plenty of other people and parties in the ep who disagree with the cap or the way it 's organized or run , but they do n't draw the conclusion that an eu exit is necessary because of it .
