  that is n't true . 
  applying for refuge as a stateless person only applies if no country considers you to be a national of that country . 
  the us still considers him as a us national and wants him to return . 
  no eu country could possibly give him asylum as a stateless person on that basis . 
  the us revoked his passport to stop him being able to travel freely , not to remove his nationality . 
  his country of origin did not revoke his nationality though and he is able to return to the us . 
  therefore he would be unable to apply to the eu for refuge on the grounds of being a stateless person . 
   it 's more akin to the civil service since it started to become political and democratically accountable . 
  when it functioned like a civil service people were bitching it 's more akin to the prime-minister , yet it has no democratic accountability . 
  give me a fuckin ' break . 
  frankly i really do n't mind if the eu wants to have a political head of the commission rather than an apolitical head , as i want the uk to leave the eu . 
  all the main political parties in the uk : labour , conservatives and ukip , are not supporting any candidates for the head of the commission anyway ( [ labour recently confirmed that although they are in the same grouping as the pes , they do not endorse martin schulz ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/01/labour-european-commission-president-martin-schulz ) ) , so the vast majority of voters in the uk will not be voting for a commission president anyway . 
   case and point , most ukip supporters are opposed to scottish independence , believing that the uk has a larger voice in world affairs as one unit . 
  personally i am ambivalent about scottish independence and think there are arguments both for and against it . 
  i am definitely strongly in favour of scotland having the referendum and being in control of their own destiny . 
  i also think scotland can have a voice across the globe as an independent nation ( the scottish brand is a strong brand and could potentially be a stronger one ) . 
  if scotland does decide to stay in the uk , i think the uk should go through constitutional change in any case , because there will still be a `` scottish question '' . 
  my preference would be for devo-max , but its not really about what i want . 
  it is about what scotland wants . 
   that same argument also applies to continued british membership of the european union . 
  i agree that the eu has a lounder voice across the globe than the uk does . 
  but this is n't necessarily of itself a conclusive argument for the uk being in the eu . 
  there is no point having a lounder voice if you do n't agree with what is being said . 
  what the eu says , with its lounder voice , is not necessarily what the uk wants to say . 
   the german currency would rise in value against the euro , destroying germany 's current systemic advantage . 
  the new dmark would rise against the euro , that is true . 
  but germany has always had a strong currency and even in the days of the old dmark germany never had difficulties exporting . 
  any policy that leads to a long term recovery of other economies in europe will be , in the long term and in my view , the economic interests of germany . 
   lets all vote afd !, 
  germany must get out off the eu asap . 
  afd just want out of the euro , but want to stay in the eu . 
  i am hoping afd do very well in the european elections . 
   why is the uk still in the eu ? 
  hopefully we will be leaving as soon as possible . 
   but welsh officials are uneasy with the notion that the selection of the next head of the british government should be linked to the results of the uk parliament elections . 
  welsh officials are n't uneasy about the head of the government in the uk being political . 
  they would be worried about the head of the uk civil service being a political apppointee though . 
  the head of the european commission has a role more akin to the head of the uk civil service than the the uk prime minister . 
  in romania is the head of the civil service a political position ? 
   how long are you going to avoid sanctions in the name of economic gain ? 
  until there are unmarked russian tanks on piccadilly circus ? 
  i think waiting until they get to picadilly circus is a bit punchy . 
  i 'd say we act when they get to belgium ... 
  seriously , in my view we should already have started sanctions . 
  i 'm almost of the view that it makes sense for the uk to begin sanctions against russia unilaterally , even if others do n't bother . 
  i 'm starting to think that the political cost of not putting in place sanctions is greater than the cost to the uk economy of putting them in place . 
  in terms of emmigration from lithuania , in recent years the uk has been the most significant destination . 
  most lithuanians in lithuania will know someone who lives and works in the uk . 
  in terms of immigration to the uk , in recent years lithuania has not been the most significant nation . 
  in terms of total numbers , there are more poles , spaniards and italians etc living in the uk . 
  most brits will not knowingly know any lithuanians ( even though obviously most brits will encounter lithunians fairly regularly in supermarkets and on public transport etc ) . 
  come to think of it , i have a couple of lithuanian colleagues . 
  and we 're going to get scotland doing the same thing if we 're not careful - getting the benefit of british military but not paying for it ... 
  i lived in japan for a couple of years and really found it pretty easy . 
  i 'm not convinced that there really is a european culture that is definable and distinct from the rest of the globe . 
  there are different cultures within europe and there parts of the globe that have close cultures to some parts of europe . 
  maybe you have never met anyone from vietnam or outside europe ? 
  they really are no different from us either . 
  as a brit i feel just as much affinity with a vietnamese , an ethiopian or a peruvian as i feel with an estonian , a croatian or a portuguese . 
  people are just the same the world over . 
  the thing i take away from this photo is that everyone in denmark writes their anti-war slogans in english rather than danish . 
  this is rather astonishing to me . 
   how stupid would an utterance from a british mep have to be before it could no longer be chalked up to `` culture clash '' ? 
  political discourse ( and in particular debate in parliament itself ) in the uk has traditionally been much more oppositional and adversarial than much of continental europe , which has traditionally had a much more consensus style of politics . 
  this is partly because the uk has tended to have two main political parties , without coalitions . 
  what farage said about belgium is very normal by westminster standards . 
   yep , i agree with you entirely . 
  if the british public were too lazy or apathetic to look into what the uk was signing up to , then that 's all on them . 
  i think you 're over-estimating somewhat the ability of the 1977 british public to be able to look into what the uk had signed up to . 
  nowadays with the internet and google we are much more able to research things by ourselves and we can all see with a couple of minutes research that `` ever closer union '' is a preamble to the treaties and do our own research as to what that might mean . 
  it would have been much harder for even the politically-minded and well-informed british public in 1977 to have been able to read the treaty or research what it might mean in practice - this would have meant extensive time and research in reference libraries and so forth . 
  the british public then were therefore much more reliant on the publicity produced by the uk government and the editorials of newspapers and so forth . 
  given the uk government 's own material , it is not really surprising that a lot of people thought we were just signing up to a '' [ common market ] ( http://www.harvard-digital.co.uk/euro/pamphlet.htm ) '' and had no idea of `` ever-closer union '' . 
  i do n't think we can judge the 1977 british public by today 's standards of information accessibility . 
   i 'm watching with interest . 
  being a believer in self-determination , people , is being happy for them regardless of the outcome . 
  if the scots want to be with the uk , good for them , if the scots want to be scotland , good for them . 
  i agree with this . 
  also , given that is is relatively unusual for peoples to be able to make choices for self-determination in a bloodless way ( look at crimea , south sudan , the former yugoslavia ) , it is to be celebrated that the scots have a referendum that is the outcome of a democratic process . 
   the union jack is a powerful symbol throughout the world . 
  hopefully we can keep the union jack even if scotland becomes independent . 
  after all , nobody is proposing to get rid of the union of crowns and qe2 will remain head of both states . 
  the union of crowns is older than the political union and arguably more important , even today . 
  the north east of england had a referendum on devolution a few years ago , but voted against it . 
  wales has had various discussions on devolution , but has very mixed feelings about it . 
   i think the difference is that poland has been at the forefront of calling for sanctions and actions throughout the entire crisis , whereas britain , france , germany , have all been specifically drawing red lines about sterner measures . 
  poland is ( comparatively ) a small economy that has little two way trade with russia aside from energy and russian isolation of poland is an easy accomplishment . 
  the other countries are considerably less threatened and vulnerable to russia ( both economically and physically ) , yet they refuse to consider the possibility on the basis that it would harm their economic interests - frances contracts for battleships , for the uk it 's protecting the city , and for germany it 's merkel 's staunch refusal to change the relationship she established with moscow almost a decade ago . 
  yet poland is calling for sanctions , lithuania and latvia are invoking nato dialogues through art . 
  4 , and tiny czechia is saying there 's a good chance they 'll cancel the deal with russian firms over building nuclear reactors . 
  it 's a shitty situation , and frankly , quite embarrassing for the west . 
  and none of this i really disagree with and it is a serious point and one worth making about the west generally . 
  but if we 're trying to make a serious point about the west generally , it should n't be made by just mentioning the uk and then talking about the uk in ww2 . 
  this just makes the what could have been a serious point seem ridiculous . 
  i understand where you 're coming from and i would also find it acceptable if / u/skypl were simply making some statement criticisng appeasement by the west generally and pointing out that the risks for eastern europe are more serious . 
  that would be a valid point to make . 
  but to single out the uk rather than the rest of the west now , to not acknowledge that poland also has not put any sanctions on russia , and to try and draw some cheap parallel with the uk in ww2 is obviously going to raise eyebrows . 
   no , but british redditers are the ones most commonly against sanctions . 
  that may or may not be true , but it is somewhat irrelevant to the comment from which this discussion stemmed in which / u/skypl is drawing a parallel between the policy of the uk government in 1939 in relation to poland and the current policy of the uk government in relation to ukraine and criticising them both . 
  i 'm sure you will understand why british people find this extremely cheap and offensive ?
