  also , this will not really be for juncker to decide . 
  each member state will think about this in a different way , because they will be impacted in different ways . 
   they might spend in terms of leisure and food , but many of them do n't pay taxes and get a very wide range of health services for free . 
  if the gain is greater than the loss , spain wo n't mind too much . 
  spain is n't the one paying for the healthcare of british pensioners in spain . 
  spain passes the cost back to the uk . 
  separately , there is a question over whether or not spain benefits from the british pensioners . 
  if spain does benefit , then they will likely want to keep them . 
  if spain does not benefit , then of course it should be a question for spanish democracy whether or not the british pensioners should be allowed to live there . 
  we should respect spanish democracy here and allow spanish democracy to make a choice that is right for spain . 
  if british pensioners are not good for spain , then of course spain should not be required to have them !, 
   by this point , the great powers understand their spheres of interest and there would be a mutual understanding about not poking each other . 
  i 'm sure the western europe will manage just fine , the rest of us will just be fed to the wolves . 
  it does n't make sense to link the refugee crisis to sanctions on russia . 
  they are two totally separate questions and countries think about these in different ways . 
  the anglosphere , uk , usa , canada , australia and new zealand for example are united in wanting to sanction russia for its annexation of crimea and actions in ukraine generally . 
  however , the anglosphere does not think it makes sense to transfer refugees from greece and italy to the anglosphere . 
  refugees in italy and greece are safe . 
  the priority is to help those refugees in refugee camps in the middle east . 
  yes , the way greece has been treated must surely send massive alarm-bells to anyone that previously was an euphile . 
  ukip is nothing to do with putin . 
  you 're right , though sovereign debt will be excluded . 
  ( none of the participating states want to make their borrowing more expensive , go figure . ), 
   germany is in the eu . 
  it can not discriminante based on where their workers come from . 
  case closed . 
  this might be case closed for germany and france which want to say in the eu for eternity . 
  not so in the case of the uk , where we will have a referendum . 
   because he thought he 'd get that , and it 'd be politically positive in the uk i find this a bit odd . 
  it is so far down my list of concerns ( when thinking about eu membership as a whole ) as to be entirely trivial . 
  who really cares about it ? 
   thank you for the link ; has this been confirmed as official ? 
  unfortunatey as is typical with this kind of thing , they make announcements without publishing official papers . 
  this paper remains unofficial . 
  essentially the participating member states have two options : - include the current territorial provisions ( and then the uk will sue them ) - not include them ( and then the tax will become pointless because lawyers will easily be able to find ways round it ) there remains a chance that this will die a death . 
  however , it is also incredibly worrying that the european commission is actively working on a proposal that will be very damaging to the uk and the uk has had no ability to influence the discussions ( and has not been present at them ) and that the uk government has not even tried to cover this off during the renegotiation . 
   further , the financial viability of the tax for each country should be taken into account . 
  estonia dropped out because the tax will not be viable for them . 
  other countries are worried about this too , especially slovenia . 
  this statement is a way of giving those countries comfort . 
  ( not that it will help much because the proposals are totally insane and will harm the eu economy even more then it is already being harmed . ), 
  they have not agreed every aspect of the scope and there remains a lot of work to do , but [ the ft has got hold of a paper showing what they have agreed . ] ( http://blogs.ft.com/brusselsblog/files/2015/12/ftt-doc.pdf ) . 
  the ecofin paper confirms that in the case of derivatives , the territorial scope of the tax will follow the commission 's proposal , inculding cumulation of residence , issuance and counterparty principles . 
  those principles mean that a uk branch of a french bank conducting business with a counter-party anywhere in the world will be subject to that tax . 
  this is incredibly worrying for the uk . 
  the very fact that ecofin is writing such papers is an incredibly worrying thing . 
   i think it tends to be socially acceptable to vote even for commies in the large cities of europe , not in most of the uk . 
  voting for anyone to the left of labour / green in the uk is generally seen as quite extreme . 
  this is all pretty interesting for a number of reasons : ( 1 ) estonians are very sensible . 
  ( 2 ) this tax has been delayed and delayed and the participating member states are unable to agree among themselves its scope and implementation . 
  ( 3 ) this tax falls under the remit of the french commissioner ( muscovici ) rather than the british commissioner ( hill ) , though obviously a financial transaction tax impacts financial services . 
  hill 's landmark project has been creating a `` capital markets union '' and with his entire project there is no mention of this tax . 
  it is astonishing that at the exact same time hill is working on a project trying to reduce barriers to capital markets , muscovici is working on a project increasing barriers . 
  ( this is the eu in a nutshell . ), 
  ( 4 ) this tax will have extra-territorial impacts on the non-participating member states . 
  the member states that will be most impacted will be those with the largest financial sectors . 
  uk will be most impacted , but ireland and luxembourg will also be impacted . 
  countries outside the eu will not be impacted ( because they do n't have the same data-sharing requirements , so effectively they wo n't police it ) . 
  ( 5 ) it is astonishing , embarrassing and negligent that the uk did not seek to clarify this in its letter to tusk on the renegotiation . 
  the uk has not been involved in the discussions on the financial transactions tax , which have happened behind closed doors without uk involvement . 
  the uk has known that the participating member states are going ahead with it . 
  the uk knows this tax will harm it . 
  ( 6 ) while i think the uk has a relatively strong case if it brings this to the cjeu , it does not have a water-tight case . 
  the participating member states have presumably all had advice that this tax will not be in breach of the treaties . 
  ( 7 ) the timing of this is going to be interesting . 
  if the detail comes out in june , the uk could begin a legal challenge exactly at the same time as the referendum . 
  however , the judgment will likely not come until after the referendum . 
  i did not really understand this , but found it pretty interesting !, 
  i 'm not moving the goal-posts . 
  i 'm not saying that every single thing should be decided by sub-national democracies , it is entirely clear from all my posts that i think many things should be decided by national democracies . 
  your examples do n't counter that . 
   tell that to all the people who want to emigrate but ca n't get visas - you make it sound very definite . 
  obviously nothing is definite . 
  however , it is already the case that people who want to emigrate to countries like australia need to get visas . 
  this is not a major problem . 
  there is zero public concern for this at all . 
  given that there is zero public concern for this in relation to the rest of the world , why do you think it would be a problem in relation to the continent ? 
   i 'm referring to a brexit ( based largely on the issue of immigration ) . 
  how would the uk withdrawing from the eu not be an issue for uk citizens living on the continent ? 
  of course there 's the possibility of a norway type deal , but then i wonder again why eu members would agree to a one-way deal in which we can move freely but they ca n't . 
  the majority of brits that move overseas do n't go to the continent , they go to the anglosphere , with whom there is no automatic free movement right . 
  given that moving to the anglosphere is not in practice an issue for people , why would it be an issue to move to the continent ? 
   i think that it is not capable to fund it on certain issues . 
  it is capable of funding it . 
  remember , sweden is a net contributor to the eu . 
  sweden has less money to spend on things like reconstructing rivers because of money it gives to the eu . 
   the only real crisis that the eu ( and even then , it 's arguably the french-german leaders who did it ) was the eurocrisis , because they made the euro , and did not expect the trouble that it could give . 
  honestly , the trouble that the euro has given should have been expected . 
  multiple economists warned you that putting different economies in a single currency without a transfer mechanism would cause difficulties . 
  there were extensive discussions in the uk houses of parliament during the 90s , predicting exactly this kind of trouble . 
  margaret thatcher specifically warned the eu . 
  whether you blame the eu for this or blame the member states that agreed to this is neither here nor there . 
  what is clear is that the uk was right to stay out of the euro and keep control of its own monetary policy . 
   migrant-crisis ? 
  a sensitive issue , so it 's mainly a member states issue . 
  it is partly caused by states being incentivised by the system to move migrants onto the next country . 
  you can blame the member states for this or you can blame the eu , it is neither here nor there . 
  what is clear is that the uk was totally right to stay out of schengen and keep control of its own borders . 
   and segregation is suddenly a thing again in the southern us . 
  women ca n't vote in large parts of europe .
