  things have certainly been `` up in the air '' ( to use your expression ) since then , yet investment has not been impacted . 
  i think this might be pulled because it breaches the editorialising titles rule . 
  in my view it would be petter to use the headline that euractiv use rather than a headline of your own choosing . 
  since cameron first raised the question of a referendum , there has been no decline in investment into the uk . 
   any transfers to help greece will have to be in the tens of billions each year which is unrealistic and unfair to taxpayers from the rest of europe . 
  it does n't make sense to think in terms of fairness , it makes sense to think about what will make monetary union function well . 
  this is a pragmatic decision not an ideological one . 
  tax needs to be redistributed for societies to work - it is part of the social contract . 
  i accept that my taxes need to go partly to pay for people that are unable to work . 
  in the same way taxpayers from northern europe need to accept that part of their taxes will need to go south in order for the eurozone to be able to function properly as a single economic entity . 
  this is inevitable and necessary . 
   also why just greece ? 
  the rest of southern europe will ask for their share of free money and then comes growing disunity . 
  taxes should go from the more prosperous areas to the less prosperous areas , and this includes most of sourthern europe . 
  if you are not prepared for this you should n't have joined the euro . 
  there is no point having monetary union if you are not prepared to commit to full economic union . 
  this is what the eurozone countries signed up to after all , economic and monetary union . 
  i think it is worth you checking this , but it sounds wrong to me . 
  membership of cern is separate from membership of the eu and countries that are not members of the eu , like norway , israel and switzerland are members of cern . 
  why would the uk stop being a member of cern just because it was n't in the eu ? 
  why would cern only buy products from eu incorporated companies , but be located outside the eu ? 
  this just does not add up . 
   the eu still a failure while the eu is obviously a failure , this to me does not seem to be a good example of it . 
  this seems to be an example of the commission being forced to respect the will of national parliaments , which to me is an example of success . 
  now i want to learn portugese - very beautiful sounding language in my opinion !, 
  out of interest , why is the italian public against sanctions on russia ? 
  my feeling is that the british public are are for sanctions on russia . 
   i know the owner of a uk based company that has many contracts with cern for the large hadron collider . 
  leaving the eu would be devastating to them and they would have to move to ireland to continue these contracts . 
  given that cern is not in the eu itself , i do n't believe that they would refuse to buy products from a company that is n't in the eu . 
  if they make good products , why would cern stop buying their products ? 
  this makes no sense . 
   having a referendum because it 's the democratic will of the public , and having a referendum on a topic because `` it 's been a while '' are totally different arguments . 
  if you are genuninely interested in hammond 's views on the referendum [ it is probably worth you reading the entire parliamentary debate ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201516/cmhansrd/chan13.pdf ) which took place in westminster yesterday , in which hammond was the main speaker . 
  hammond specifically made the point that the public want a referendum . 
  the reason why they want a referendum is because the eu has changed dramatically since the last time they were specifically consulted on the question ( it is the motivation for their want ) . 
  not really . 
  the eu trades with multiple countries that are not in a political union with it . 
  as mentioned , the eu has a free trade agreement with canada and south korea who are not in political union with the eu . 
   the uk can and does obstruct integration because it sees it as diminishing its influence in europe . 
  same reason it pushed for eastward expansion ( ironic given that 's all kippers ever whine about ) - to dilute the power of france and germany , and slow down integration ( or render it impossible ) . 
  this is not a good example of the uk obstructing integration . 
  - as you know , the fiscal compact was signed without the uk and the other member states are subject to it . 
  there is need for the uk to be a signatory to it . 
  rather than directing your anger towards the uk , which is not a signatory and does not need to be because it is not in the eurozone , you should direct your anger to those countries that signed up to it and are now breaching its provisions . 
  or , in your world , is it only important to sign things and not important to comply with them ? 
   amusing reading that from the `` what we will opt-out from today '' country . 
  the uk is not in the eurozone and is never going to join it . 
  the eurozone countries need to integate without the uk . 
   ok , so what is the way forward ? 
  perpetual transfers ? 
  debt cut and then new debt ? 
  pretty much . 
  most monetary unions have perpetual transfers around the union . 
  in the uk there are perpetual transfers from london to the rest of the uk , particularly to northern ireland . 
  in the usa there are perpetual transfers to the less wealthy states . 
  within many eurozone member states there are already transfers from the prosperous parts to the less prosperous parts ( e.g. 
  from west to east with germany ) . 
  the eurozone needs to do this too , from north to south , otherwise there will be permanent imbalances which will cause continual extensive problems . 
  ultimately it is the same argument , phrased in a different way . 
  yes - nobody thinks that the reu is going to stop wanting to export to the uk . 
  we do n't need to be in political union for that to happen . 
  no , there are n't tariffs on trade in goods with canada and south korea and the eu . 
  there are free trade agreements in place . 
  the uk wo n't have a weak negotiating position anymore than south korea or canada did . 
  no , the uk has not obstructed the eurozone from integrating . 
  the uk wants the eurozone to complete economic union . 
  your governments are going too slowly . 
  the uk does less than half of its international trade with the eurozone . 
  in order to trade with the eurozone it is not necessary to be in the eu , note that there are multiple countries in the world that trade with the eu without complying with eu regulations in relation to domestic trade eg south korea , canada etc. 
  yum . 
  lots of nice portuguese restaurants in london which i now want to go to ... 
  his wife is a famous and impressive scientist and i guess this comment was a reference to his wife . 
  happy portugal day from your oldest allies :-) ) ), 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` core economies '' but unfortunately the economies of the eurozone are diverging rather than integrating , as the neverending crisis with greece shows . 
  it would be great if the eurozone properly integrated and became a real fiscal union , the only way to solve its problems . 
  unfortunately the eurozone is not doing a good job of this . 
  i 've no idea what you mean by `` core economies '' . 
  obviously , the relative size of different economies in the world changes from time to time and with it their relative importance to the uk economy . 
  the longterm trend is for the uk 's trade with reu economies to fall relative to its trade with the rest of the world . 
  there is no need to politically integrate with an economy in order to trade with it in any event . 
  the monarchy and the un do n't involve massive constitutional change in the way that the eu does . 
  very few british people want a referendum on the monarchy or the un , whereas a majority of the british public want a referendum on the eu . 
  i read multiple newspapers . 
  with content online this is incredibly easy . 
  each day i read a lot of the telegraph and the guardian . 
  some days i read bits of the ft too . 
  portugal , ireland and greece have totally different economies from each other . 
  giving patients with different diseases the same medicine obviously leads to different results . 
  i 'd put an outside bet on portugal ... 
  you love the attention , we know you do ... 
  which protests are you talking about ? 
  do you know how the uk welfare system works ? 
  it is non-contributory . 
  you get benefits even if you have never paid in . 
  there is no appetite in the uk to change our system , which we like . 
  did someone mention annoying the french ?!, 
  british here , checking in ... 
   i ca n't help but feel they would 've been a stabilizing force within the area for a host of reasons i could innumerate if you so wish . 
  i 'm not the guy you responded to , but i so wish ...
