  the german government is deliberately antagonising and undermining the greek government . 
  your finmin , schauble continues to use the term `` troika '' in press conferences , knowing that this is very sensitive for the greek people and government . 
  separately , from an economic perspective , the greek government 's position , that austerity has not worked and another solution is necessary , is obviously the correct position . 
  the position of the german government has caused huge poverty and misery for greece , whereas germany has not had to endure this . 
  this is why i am able to sympathise more with vilification of germany by greeks than the other way round . 
  the two positions are not equals . 
   the germans or vice versa or with other countries like spain and portugal involved , is really dangerous and should infuriate any true european who believes that peace will only sustain if we stand as a united continent . 
  for the eurozone to succeed , there must be a fiscal union . 
  if this does not happen , the people to blame are politicians , not the media . 
   the united states , columbia , and sri lanka were n't willing to even do that . 
  those countries do n't share a currency with greece though . 
  you can not have a single currency without a full fiscal union . 
  it is the responsibilty of germans to transfer money to greece so that monetary union can work . 
  germany 's position that there should be no transfer union makes no sense . 
   as a neutral third , do you see that as comparable ( from your sources ) ? 
  i do think they are comparable . 
  [ i think bild 's `` nein '' campaign has been partly about vilifying greeks . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=bild+nein+pictures+greece&amp;rls=com.microsoft:en-gb&amp;biw=1536&amp;bih=729&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=srcavenvporr7abouogqaw&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0cayq_auoaq ) i have also seen many many posts on r/europe from people across europe ( and not just germans ) continually vilifying greeks for being lazy , corrupt and so forth . 
  as someone from a country that does not use the euro , the whole spectacle has been a very revealing one if not an edifying one . 
   the vilification of germany in greece is really starting to grind my gears . 
  how do you feel about the vilification of greece in germany ? 
   the biggest issue with the concept is we once wrote a document that outlined everything britain believes in with regards to human rights . 
  then we called it the european convention on human rights and forced it on the rest of europe . 
  and since that time activist judges have stretched their interpretation of that document beyond breaking point , undermining our parliamentary democracy . 
  the decision over whether or not prisoners have the right to vote is not clearly set out within the convention . 
  perhaps you think that this decision is one for the european court of human rights ? 
  personally i think that the uk parliament is the best body to make this decision . 
  which rights are you worried will be taken away by the british bill of rights ? 
  there is no absolute definitive way that rights should be administered in society . 
  laws are made by men , not gods and the nature of those rights is a question for a democratic government to answer via its parliament . 
  continental europe and mainland europe is the same concept . 
  laws are made by men . 
  it was the uk parliament , elected by the british people in 1997 , that enshrined the echr into uk domestic law formally . 
  if the uk parliament elected by the british people in 2015 want to change this law , obviously they should . 
  the idea that laws can never be changed is a strange one . 
  a decision over how human rights are administered and the nature of those rights is obviously much more complicated than pure numbers . 
  it makes no sense to argue that the concept of muslim human rights is better than the concept of british human rights because there are more muslims than brits . 
  why is the concept of `` british human rights '' any worse than `` european human rights '' ? 
   it 's almost certainly been impliedly repealed , i do n't agree . 
  for implied repeal to apply , another act of parliament would have to contradict it . 
  which act of parliament do you think does this ? 
   also , way less idiots standing still on the left side of the escalator . 
  this is really important to londoners . 
  the paris metro does n't really have long esclators and the tunnels are much less deep , so the same problem does not arise ... 
   cornetto , in italy . 
  i expected a croissant , because it looks like a croissant . 
  you can get plain ones too ( '' * vuoto * '' ) or ones filled with '' * crema * '' . 
  i kind of liked them !, 
  mmmmmmm, 
   is n't that just a picture of the england shoreline ? 
  [ the white cliffs of dover have massive symbolic importance in the english national consciousness . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_cliffs_of_dover ), 
   it 's not still law though it is still law . 
   we are signatories to the european convention on human rights which prohibits the death penalty under any circumstances . 
  this treaty obligation was formalised in 1998 with the human rights act and the crime and disorder act , but the death penalty has been de-facto abolished in the uk since 1969 . 
  the penalty is not mentioned in the part of the treason act 1351 that is still law . 
   imho the most important quote this is totally subjective . 
  others might take an entirely different view of what is important . 
  in my mind you are trying to make the title more sensational than the one the guardian selected , so as to get more clicks . 
  i do n't want r/europe to become a place where all the titles are sensationalist . 
  it would be great if you did not editorialise titles . 
  just use the title that the guardian chose to use . 
  thanks , very interesting . 
   i find amusing that none of the parties are racist or seriously euroesceptics , the founders of podemos were euroesceptic before . 
  while podemos might not be formally eurosceptic , i think they would have difficulty enacting their policies within the existing eu legislative framework . 
  i am also not sure if they would really have much ability to change that framework . 
  so i 'm not really sure what would happen if they got into power . 
  i 'm kind of curious to see . 
  maintaining the balance of power . 
   i think that particular poll inflates ciudadanos numbers a little bit . 
  they had never managed to break the 10 % mark in most of polls , but they are definitely growing . 
  thanks very much for the background , that 's interesting . 
  i guess the trick with opinion polls is never to look at the one interesting headline poll with a surprising score , but instead look at all the polls and particularly the average of polls and the trend of polls . 
  at least , that is the case in uk politics where every now and then there is a poll with a rogue result that gets a lot of people talking , but perhaps does not indicate the true position . 
  there are some parallels in the uk too . 
  for the last 200 years in uk politics , the conservatives have dominated the right . 
  this is one of the reasons why ukip are interesting , nobody has ever really managed to take conservative voters away from the conservative party before ... 
   ciudadanos is definitely on the rise , partly thanks to their increasing presence in the media . 
  18 % is an extraordinary score for ciudadanos . 
  they may have an increased media presence in the spanish media , but so far their presence in the international media is much lower than podemos . 
  perhaps this will change . 
  in general terms , i am very surprised that there is space for two insurgent parties within spain . 
  i would have thought that voters would have joined either podemos or ciudadanos , but it is a bit surprising that both are heavily increasing their vote-share and could be in government next year . 
   if there are jews want to leave france because of our laws and move to israel , let them . 
  they shall never return . 
  what if there are french jews who want to leave france because of anti-semitism ? 
   therefore iam pessimistic for the future of the euro . 
  i am not pessimistic . 
  if we give people a democratic choice , that is not something to be pessimistic about . 
  i would describe this state of being as `` optimistic about the return of national currencies '' . 
   another question would be only a eurzone government or eu government ? 
  i do n't think it makes sense for the non-eurozone countries to be part of a governmental structure that involves fiscal transfers and a shared currency that they do not have . 
  in the uk there is no major political party that wants to join the eurozone . 
  i do not think brits would want to join a common eu government structure of the kind that the eurozone needs . 
  however , i think if the rest of the eurozone did decide to do this , the uk could have a referendum about it too . 
  i would definitely vote not to participate in this project . 
   doing a `` bella figura '' ( good public standing , but it gets lost in the translation ) i think in english this would translate as `` keeping up appearances '' . 
   therefore there shouldnt have been a common currency without a common governement . 
  the people of europe werent ready for that and if you force it on them it would deeply undemocratic . 
  i agree with you .
