  how would that not piss them off ? 
  people in the eu like us , they do n't want us to be poorer . 
  they are in favour of free trade . 
  they know that this law does not make sense and enforcing it would be vindictive and they are not vindictive . 
  yes , we can . 
  it would be stupid not to . 
   also what he was talking about but you have trouble understanding is the legality of the treaties . 
  you can not start to negotiate new trade agreements by your own if you are a member of the eu , uk will leave in two years if everything goes quickly , so until then you can not start negotiation . 
  then , you will have 7-10 year minimum for each trade agreement . 
  5 minutes of research would have told you all of that . 
  no , the uk will start negotiating ftas while it is in the eu . 
   so let me get this straight . 
  the eu represents 45 % of our trade . 
  they will still be our largest trade partner after we leave in the long run our share of trade with the eu will decrease . 
  the eu does not lose out by us making other fta with other countries . 
  why would they be pissed off ? 
   passporting makes a huge difference . 
  it 's what allows london to act as the financial capital of europe . 
  without that , london is fucked london is a global financial centre , not a european financial centre . 
  passporting makes relatively little difference . 
   so now every british that actually has a sense of reality just wants the uk to be poorer ? 
  it 's funny cause uk was warned of all of the economic trouble it would face if it leaves , yet you spin it as if that is remain and / u/romulus _ novus fault . 
  no , british people that do not want us to start negotiating trade deals with other parts of the world want the uk to be poorer . 
  personally i think free trade is a good thing . 
   what part of `` eu members ca n't negotiate their own trade deals '' do you not fucking understand ? 
  we can not begin ftas `` tomorrow '' as doing so would break eu law this law makes sense for eu countries , but it does not make sense for countries that are about to leave the eu . 
   london provides about 1/5 of all the income of the uk , and relies upon passporting . 
  london can not function without it and hence , if it loses it , the uk can not function not really . 
  passporting makes relatively little difference . 
  what makes london successful is london 's massive skills , the english language and the common law . 
   skilled labour from outside the eu can already come here , what the hell are you talking about ? 
  and unskilled eu labour ? 
  people complain about them `` taking our jobs '' , yet they were n't jobs that british people were willing to do anyway . 
  so what then , because the uk can not function with those jobs being filled no , currently unskilled people from the eu take priority over skilled people from the rest of the world . 
  now we can change this which is a wonderful opportunity . 
  we no longer need to discriminate . 
   we are extricating ourselves , unnecessarily and completely idiotically , from a complex political and economic union . 
  that takes time . 
  so much time that we may end up not being able to do so before the 2 year period is up . 
  then we 're stuck on wto rules and no trade agreements no , we do n't need to be stuck on wto rules !, 
  we can begin ftas tomorrow . 
   and of course i do n't want this country to be poorer , hence not wanting us to leave the eu . 
  it 's not a fantastic opportunity , it 's fucking economic suicide eh ? 
  look around the world !, 
  there are hugely successful countries outside the eu !, 
  personally i think we should now have a much fairer immigration policy , where we welcome people based on skills rather than passport !, 
  perhaps you prefer to prioritise unskilled eu people over skilled africans , but personally i think we should now prioritise skilled people . 
  am i right ? 
   with all 20 of the experienced trade negotiators ? 
  or will some of them be dedicated to the brexit aftermath ? 
  we will train more and hire more of course !, 
   activating article 50 means we begin negotiations to leave the eu , not that we immediately leave the eu . 
  we can not start making independent trade deals until we have left the eu . 
  quite obviously , it makes sense for the uk to begin trade negotiations with other countries as soon as possible . 
  i am sure ( however much you hate the uk ) that you do n't want our country to be poorer . 
  trade is a good thing !, 
  i am surprised you want to delay it . 
  we should embrace this fantastic opportunity . 
   frankfurt , dublin , amsterdam , paris , warsaw , barcelona . . are all very interested , many more as well btw . 
  these cities are great holiday destinations , but they are not global financial centres . 
   yes , which is ignoring eu law . 
  we 're bound by eu law until we leave are you seriously suggesting that the uk government should totally sit on its hands rather than beginning trade negotiations with other countries ?!, 
  you really want the uk to be poorer ?!, 
  the whole point of this vote was so that we could be open to the rest of the world and rebalance our trade !, 
  delaying this is pointless and helps nobody . 
   the outflow is already starting . 
  where is it going to ? 
   only in their benefit yeah no , the uk believed that the uk 's suggested changes , of making the eu much less centralised , have power flowing in both directions , would have helped every country . 
   the uk behaved like a petulant , spoilt child in europe , this is just called international relations and democracy . 
  it is n't about friendship . 
   but whatever , we 're better off without eachother i suppose , and we will only be happy to repratriate most of your city and industry to the rest of europe who do understand the need of cooperation . 
  how are you going to take the city ? 
  i do n't think you will be able to . 
   yes , but sweden probably had no such clause in its accession treaty . 
  all the recent eu members on the other hand had an explicit clause obliging them to eventually join . 
  as a matter of law , sweden 's treaty obligations are the same as bulgaria 's . 
  they both have the same explicit clause . 
   once again , how is this statement by the council not very relevant ? 
  it was relevant , because it showed how little influence the uk actually has in the eu . 
  compared to what the uk wanted , this was very little . 
  the uk wanted a radical change . 
   and why was n't it even brought up by the remain campaign ? 
  because it helped the leave campaign . 
   it is an international treaty obligation that can not be subject to a referendum . 
  sweden had a referendum on euro adoption . 
  ( very sensible people , swedes . ), 
   did you even read the statement of the eu council meeting after they spoke with cameron ? 
  i read the entire agreement . 
  however , none of these things relate just to the uk . 
  they all relate either to every member state or to groups of member states . 
   this entire thing has come about because people feel disenfranchised in politics and you expect having your mp ignore your views to help rectify that ? 
  the whole purpose of having a referendum was to allow the public to decide . 
  mps do not need to follow the votes of their constituents , each mp got one vote , the same as each member of the public . 
  are you suggesting that mps that voted remain should , going forwards , vote in parliament for `` leave '' ( if it comes to a parliamentary vote ) if their constituents voted `` leave '' ? 
   and that is not massive ? 
  it is largely symbolic . 
  as a matter of law , it does not really change anything . 
  there have been no ecj cases which would have been decided differently if the uk were not part of `` ever closer union '' in the past . 
   yet it was n't even used by remain , and leave dismissed it as if cameron had achieved nothing . 
  remain did n't use it because they knew it would help leave .
