  the scots language , if it even is a language , is very similar to english though . 
  i ca n't understand everything when they speak , but i can when it is written down . 
  the media circus that is going to start playing out from 1 january is going to be intense . 
  to be honest , most british people could not care less what language people speak . 
  living and working in central london i hear multiple foreign languages every day , half the time i do n't even know what language it is i am hearing . 
  i think the issue is benefits here . 
  i actually do n't think that there are any welsh people left who get benefits and would fail an english language test . 
  but you 're right , if there are any , then we would have to apply this policy to them too . 
  i think the benefits those people get would be the state pension , for elderly people , rather than unemployment benefit , so perhaps that is how the government would get round it . 
  i 'm not saying it is a walk in the park . 
  but europeans who want to learn english do have lots and lots of opportunities already . 
  i 'm not sure if trying to extend those opportunities is the best use of the limited resources of the british government . 
  i can think of other things that i would prioritise . 
  i say this as someone who worked in a different european country , learnt the language and never took benefits from my host country . 
  if you want to do it , you can and i do n't think you need to rely on the taxpayer . 
  this discussion is about europeans though as they are the ones who are entitled to benefits . 
  non-europeans already do n't get benefits . 
  think of all the irish who fought , voluntarily , in ww2 in the british army !, 
  ( but i completely agree with you - that was very much the exception . ), 
  the uk has no official language . 
  this is n't because of the minority languages , but more because most of the uk consitution is done by convention rather than by rules . 
  even the whole mechanism for appointing a prime minister has never been officially adopted , it has just grown out of custom . 
  the use of english in the uk is similar to that , it arose as a custom . 
  there is no need to legislate for it or officially adopt it as an official language because there is no problem with it . 
  in wales , the welsh language does have official status . 
  in britain we give generous benefits to everyone who is british for their entire lives whether or not they have contributed to the system . 
  often , these benefits are greater than what some working people earn . 
  this means that lots of people on benefits have no reason to work and are actually disincentivised from working . 
  in right wing circles we call this `` the benefits trap '' . 
  in my view , britain needs to tackle this urgently , but my view is a minority one . 
  welfare reform ( like reform of most things ) is actually very difficult in the uk . 
  the conservative party do want to reform it , but they do not have a parliamentary majority and have to rely on their coalition partners , the lib dems , to get legislation through . 
  we are now within sight of the general election ( and close to the european elections ) and the lib dems , doing badly in the polls , will never conceed a drastic overhaul of the benefits system . 
  so it just wo n't happen in this parliament . 
  the conservatives know that there is just no way they can win this argument at the moment at home . 
  as you correctly state , the question of benefits for non-british eu nationals is related to this one . 
  currently , as the law stands , an eu national from ruritania can turn up in britain and claim benefits on day one , with no intention of working , because those are the benefits that britons have and to discriminate on the grounds of nationality is contrary to eu law . 
  in almost no other country in the eu could someone do that , because in most countries they have a system of benefits to ruritanians . 
  we can just about get our head round ruritanians coming here to work , but benefits ? 
  you can imagine how uk newspapers deal with that !, 
  the conservatives think that they have a chance of winning this in brussels . 
  even if they do n't win this argument , they get a political advantage because , at a time of austerity most of britain does not think we can extend our generous benfits to everyone . 
  in the long term , perhaps this kind of fight will start to resonate with the british people and they might come round to accepting benefits reform at home , which i think would be a good thing . 
  i do n't think the conservatives are quite there yet , the fight in brussels is currently easier than the fight in westminster . 
  i agree - ireland has great prospects in these sectors . 
   well , i can see how one might get that impression with the internet and all , but with rising energy prices shipping is getting more and more expensive , and purely from a physical standpoint there can only be things like power lines from continental europe , not anywhere else . 
  once britain gets fracking , we will basically be energy independent . 
  or if we get our act together with nuclear in the way france has . 
  it takes uk a long time to do these things though . 
   but yeah , you probably wo n't get many concessions . 
  but i am confident the pro-side will ramp up its information campaign in due time so that wo n't be such an issue . 
  i think we will just have to wait and see on this one . 
  if the proeu side is able to lose a referendum in france and netherlands at the height of believe in the european project then i do think that the referendum in britain is still all to play for . 
  learning english is already very easy . 
  most people will have learnt it at school in their own country . 
  or pretty much most of the internet , music , lots of films etc. 
  it is not as if we are trying to keep the english language a secret . 
  if you want to learn english you are not faced with many obstacles . 
  eu observer [ reports ] ( http://euobserver.com/justice/122370 ) that this issue is one that germany are looking at as well . 
  savannajeff answers the question about why it is a debate in the uk now . 
  the other reason is because the whole of the benefits system in the uk ( which does not work as well as it should ) is being reformed . 
  so there is a lot of scrutiny and discussion around benefits . 
   of course , an actual solution would be to offer language courses as a carrot instead of going purely with the stick , but that 's the tories for you . 
  that is an option . 
  of course , that option has costs and that cost would need to be met either by increasing taxation or by cutting in other areas . 
  my answer was that isd will remove their benefits . 
  what the person whose benefits are removed then choses to do is up to that individual . 
   as it stands more and more taxes are being placed on irish taxpayers e.g. 
  household charge , water charge etc. 
  at the same time cuts are still being made e.g. 
  medical cards and college fees . 
  households are under more financial pressure now since 2008 . 
  whilst there have been many cuts on the economy i have n't seen any investment . 
  yes , as someone with irish blood i feel terrible for you guys . 
  but believe me , you got off lightly and have done brilliantly . 
  look at portugal and greece if you want to know what real austerity looks like . 
  also , the real economy is going to be picking up next year in ireland just as it does in britain . 
  ireland 's economy remains closely linked to britain 's . 
  unemployment is already falling quite a bit in ireland . 
   also while irish a very educated there is huge emigration of college graduates . 
  it 's been described as the ` lost decade ' and in general brain drain . 
  there are no future prospects for young people in ireland . 
  this is true . 
  we ( law firm in london ) have employed many irish law graduates in the last couple of years . 
  they are great . 
  it is great for britain to have them , but a shame that ireland loses them . 
  we 'll let them go back and visit from time to time . 
  this policy is not really aimed at people currently in britain . 
  it is aimed at people that are not currently in britain , but thinking about migrating to britain to take advantage of britain 's welfare system and trying to disuade them from coming . 
  the people that are coming to work will not be disincentivised . 
  also , while britain will not deport them , if people come to britain and do n't get benefits , they might decide that being in britain is not such a good idea of their own accord and return to their own country anyway . 
  also , this is about fairness and what the uk taxpayer can afford . 
  the uk taxpayer already has to pay for unemployed british nationals . 
  can we really afford to pay for unemployed nationals of other member states too ? 
  why ca n't those member states pay themselves ? 
  i think raising questions of starvation is a bit unrealistic to be honest . 
  people throw away huge quantities of food every day . 
  buying basic foodstuffs in supermarkets is actually very cheap . 
  actually , i think ireland 's future is considerably brighter than most of europe . 
  the only reason ireland got itself into a mess in the first place , was because ireland was in the wrong currency and had the wrong interest rate and this lead to the mother of all booms and then the mother of all busts .
