  it also means that ireland has not lost these young people permanently - a lot of irish are going back there . 
  ( 4 ) ireland has a great corporation tax system and business-friendly legislation a great ( and super relaxed ) stock exchange . 
  tl ; dr - what works in ireland might not work elsewhere . 
   16.18 $ for a ticket ? 
  ... damm , that \u00b4 s expensive this would be cheap . 
  generally i find it is # 16 - # 18 in central london . 
  at some places it is # 20 . 
  london is not a cheap place ... 
  this is the kind of stuff that makes me eusceptic . 
  i plain do not think the eu should have any competence in this area . 
  i also do n't believe that this is the way to create good cinema . 
   powerful multilingual european cinema industry that can rival hollywood sounds great to me i love european cinema as much as the next guy , but is the aim of great european cinema to rival hollywood ? 
  in my mind culture is a good in and of itself . 
  great european cinema is desirable whatever the quality of hollywood . 
  the arts are n't really in competition with each other in my mind . 
   a strong eu-financed film industry is a film industry really something that we want the taxpayer to pay for ( at a time of austerity ) ? 
  and is this really something that should be done at eu level rather than at member state or local level ? 
  is this what the eu is for ? 
   same in france , but the full results are known 3 or ( max ) 4 hours after closing time . 
  here it seems it can take up to 7 hours . 
  scotland is extremely rural with small villages in remote places and long winding narrow roads and bad weather conditions and tonnes of tiny islands ... 
  it takes a long time even to transport the ballot papers into the counting centres . 
   is n't it kinda obvious now that this would be a very bad idea ? 
  it is kinda obvious to me . 
  it is kinda obvious to you . 
  but for some reason it is not kinda obvious to everyone . 
  also , as a matter of law it is the case that new member states have to adopt the entire body of eu law and euro membership is part of that . 
  i 'm not sure if the member states would allow scotland an official derogation from the euro . 
  i think if scotland does not commit to euro ( both politically and legally ) spain ( and perhaps others ) might get pissy . 
  however , i guess what scotland might do is just pretend to the eu that it will join the euro and then not . 
  the euro is very unpopular in scotland right now . 
  in the unlikely circulmstance in which ruk agrees to a currency union with iscotland , is the eu really going to be cool with that ? 
  an eu with a eurozone and a poundzone in it ? 
  there will be immediate voices in ireland that they are in the wrong zone and should leave the eurozone and join the poundzone - ireland 's economy is much more linked to the uk economy than it is to the rest of the eu economy . 
  anyway - interesting times . 
  i agree with everything you have written . 
  scotland becoming independent impacts nato . 
  scotland does not want nuclear weapons on its territory and it will be incredibly costly for the rest of the uk to move them to england ( and we really do n't have spare money for this ) . 
  there is a possibility that an independent scotland becomes another ireland - getting the benefits of the uk 's military without paying for it . 
  this will cause a massive argument between ruk and iscotland and cause us to be very inward-looking . 
  we will not be thinking much about baltics during this time . 
  there is a reason why russia is pro-scottish independence and the usa is anti-scottish independence . 
  scottish independence weakens the uk and weakens the west and weakens nato and the people on the front line of this are not in glasgow , they are in riga etc. 
  personally i think the uk has a strong moral and legal obligation to protect the smaller european states ( not just belgium ) , when it can . 
  it is in the uk 's interest to be one of the protectors of the baltics . 
  hopefully if we ever had to deliver on that promise , we would be there for you . 
   but these two parties do not represent their voters , i 'm not sure what you mean by this . 
  no party in any system represents voters exactly . 
  people 's views are complex and do not align completely with any particular party . 
  voting is almost always a compromise . 
   also corruption is more likely . 
  really ? 
  i 'm not sure if that is the case . 
  the uk is not really a very corrupt country . 
   fptp mathematically always leads to to two-party system , which is not that different from one-party in reality ( just look at us ) . 
  two parties are very different from one party !, 
  also , rather than looking at the us , how about looking at the uk , which is not a two-party system currently !, 
  indeed , the number of parties getting elected into government is on the increase with each election . 
   the reasons you gave , could also be used to defend a one-party system , do n't you think ? 
  ;-) not really . 
  there is a world of difference between having a choice in the ballot box and not having a choice . 
  anyway , the uk is n't actually a two-party system . 
  we currently have a coaltion government between conservatives and lib dems and until 2010 had a labour government . 
  that is three parties in government in the last five years . 
  note to the people downvoting me : please do n't downvote people just because they disagree with you about voting systems !, 
  that is crazy behaviour !, 
   i honestly do n't think the eu would have such an issue with a derogation from schengen to maintain the status quo . 
  i expect that the rest of the eu would ultimately accept it , but i also think that they could potentially use it as a bargaining tool . 
  ( there will be bargaining . ), 
   what do you think about the idea of ruk blocking scotland 's admission to the eu if they try to welch on their share of the uk national debt ? 
  if the reason for iscotland welching on their share of the uk debt is ruk not forming a currency union , i will be furious . 
  we in ruk will be immediately poorer and will immediately need more austerity , potentially higher taxation , cuts to welfare spending etc. 
  in this circumstance i think ruk should react strongly . 
  however , i do not think it will come to that . 
  it would be an insane move by iscotland . 
   maybe you 're definition of welcome is different and it requires that people actively invite them to come here , but personally i do n't think that is necessary . 
  actually , no . 
  my definition of opinions being welcome is n't actively inviting people . 
  it is simply not writing abrasive messages about americans when they do post . 
  your post was very abrasive . 
   the current user base is allowed to completely ignore that opinion and even criticise it if they see fit , which it often is given the hugely aggrivating american-centric way in which they will deliver such opinions `` as an american ... '' `` europe needs to buck up the fucking slack , stop lounging around with ridiculous social welfare programmes and top relying on america to pay for their defence ! '', 
  lots of strawmen here . 
  the post in question was n't one of those posts . 
  by all means , criticise those kind of posts by whoever posts them , but let 's not criticise posts that are n't aggravating . 
  all users can criticise opinions . 
  however , your post does not seem to criticise an opinion - if it had i would not have responded . 
  instead it seems to criticise the very idea of americans posting here and then criticises some other random irrelevant opinions . 
   if people want to go and shout about an american perspective on european affairs , nobody is shouting . 
  it was one dude who made a comment . 
   if looking pragmatically solely for self-interest , `` no '' outcome is slightly more advantageous why is that , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
   all opinions are welcome . 
  are they ? 
  in my mind if you write something like :  i 'd really rather not have a bunch of americans barging in and saying ` this is what i think , as an americantm you are n't making americans welcome . 
   who would want to invest in a country that lets itself be cheated of their fair share in international relations ? 
  what do you mean here ? 
  nobody in the ruk is saying that iscotland should not get its fair share of assets . 
  a currency union is not a fair share of assets . 
  in my mind the correct time to make a plan for currency is before a vote on independence . 
  if sterlingisation were not a serious option , they should not have put it in the white paper . 
  i expect that if scotland do vote for independence scotland will create a new currency which it will try and peg to the pound .
