  schauble is correct ( as a matter of law ) that debt relief is impossible for greece under the current treaties . 
  however , this is the same whether or not greece is in the euro . 
  this law obviously will have to be changed as it makes no sense : otherwise the euro will continue to fail . 
  12-18 months is probably generous , however , that does not mean that it is not the most economically sensible thing for greece to do in the medium term . 
   i believe / u/lustschloss was making the converse point , that as the treaties stand , the only way for greece to formally leave the ez is by leaving the eu . 
  technically this is correct , this is currently the only legal way for them to do it . 
  however , that point is a bit simplistic because : - a protocol amending the treaties in relation to greece could be organised quickly and painlessly . 
  indeed , there was scheduled to be an european council summit on 11 july in the event that the eurogroup talks on 10/11 july had failed , for exactly this purpose , to agree a legal mechanism for greece to leave the euro temporarily but remain in the eu . 
  - even in the event that this protocol had not been agreed , greece would still have had ( and still has ) the option to drachmatise in breach of treaty . 
   yes , but you would have to first withdraw from the eu and the emu , and then renegotiate with the eu to let you back in , which would take years , and in greece 's case is all but guaranteed since its economy would implode upon exiting the eurozone . 
  rather than being like the uk or denmark , with a specific * de jure * opt-out , they could just be more like sweden , with a * de facto * opt out . 
  the opinions of economists are mixed as to what would happen to the greek economy on leaving the eurozone . 
  while initially they would have some hard times , in the long run i think it would be far better for them to have their own currency . 
   from the ecb paper withdrawal and expulsion from the eu and the emu have you read this paper ? 
  in my view it is not good evidence for the argument that greece leaving the eurozone would automatically trigger it leaving the eu ( which seems to be your argument ) . 
  note that : ( 1 ) the paper is not the opinion of the ecb , it is simply the opinion of its author , athanassiou , one legal scholar . 
  as such , it is simply his own interpretation of the treaties and has no particular value compared to the opinions of other lawyers or even other non-lawyers . 
  ( 2 ) the conclusions he reaches are extremely tentative ones even on their own terms and focused on the ambigous nature of the treaties themselves when it comes to a euro exit . 
  ( 3 ) even this paper does not argue that a euro exit automatically triggers an eu exit . 
  ( 4 ) it is also worth noting that there is no mechanism whatsoever to remove a member state from the eu against its wishes . 
  thus , if for example greece were to drachmatise , it would certainly be in breach of its legal obligations , but this would not create any legal mechanism whatsoever whereby greece could be forced to leave the euro . 
  i 'm glad that you agree that the eurozone needs reforms . 
  however , there is no point saying that alabama got a pathetic amount . 
  alabama is not going through a crisis , unlike greece . 
  the u.s. has effective fiscal transfers , strong central institutions and a very mobile labour force and far less differences in economic performances between the states . 
  the eurozone needs to make some massive reforms to survive , starting with massive fiscal transfers to greece . 
   and gdp growth % usually moves very slowly / with tiny numbers . 
  the aim of this graph is not to show overall numbers , but to show the incredible divergence in different eurozone economies since the implementation of the euro . 
  the emu project was meant to bring about convergence . 
  instead there has been a devastating divergence . 
  as eurozone economies diverge further , the pain will become more and more pronounced . 
  nato is not soft power it is hard power . 
  the eurozone is devaluing against the swiss franc , the pound and the dollar as we speak . 
  currency fluctuation is a normal part of macro-economics , reflecting underlying economic strength . 
  the only way to help out greece is for it to completely default and create a new currency . 
  if it did that , i would be happy for uk taxpayers money to go towards helping greece . 
  there is no point the uk getting involved in the current programme because it will fail and the uk should not be part of a failed bailout . 
  no , it is not greece 's fault . 
  the euro was poorly designed and needs to become a transfer union if it is going to survive . 
  there needs to be permanent transfers of funds from north to south in the same way that there are permanent transfers from west germany to east germany . 
  obviously , the uk will never be part of the euro , so should not have to pay into the transfer union . 
  the imf traditionally works well by forcing private debt to be restructured and then allowing a country to recover by devaluing it and reforming it . 
  with greece , this formula does not work because greece is in the eurozone so can not devalue . 
  the imf should never have got involved with greece or should have either insisted from the start that the debt was written off . 
  it does not make sense for the uk to pay towards this bailout , because the uk is not in the euro . 
  this is ultimately the fault of the euro . 
  the uk stayed out of the euro to avoid this kind of mess . 
  it would not be fair on the british taxpayer to make them pay for the mistakes of the eurozone . 
  the eurozone taxpayers should pay for the euro . 
  if you do n't want to do that you might as well go back to your old currencies . 
  no , of course it would not be fair . 
  the imf is made up of countries that are mainly not in the euro . 
  the eurozone should be able to solve its problems without the rest of the world having to bail it out . 
  the eurozone is made up of some very rich countries and they should sort out their own currency . 
  yes , agreed . 
  of the many mistakes transferring the debt from the private sector to the taxpayer was a big one . 
  the crazy thing about this was that the eurozone countries with the banks with the most greek debt ( germany and france ) ended up with less debt than they would have had if they had simply bailed out their banks . 
  the taxpayers of a country like italy , whose banks were not holding a lot of greek debt , have effectively bailed out the bad investments of a french bank . 
  this is total insanity . 
  i will kindly offer to bail out this cost from my own pocket :-), 
  the article shows that the current eurozone crisis was not just predictable , it was also predicted . 
  and yet politicians went along with it regardless . 
  there are certainly multiple lessons we should be learning from this . 
   it would be nice if london took a hand in this two so we 'd have a good old three-way instead of just these two , but i 'm sure there 's a good reason blah blah buh blah blah the good reason is that the uk is not in the euro . 
   there 's plenty of mps in the conservative & labour party who would class themselves as sceptics without wanting outright withdrawal and there is also a fair number that want outright withdrawal . 
  oxi, 
   but in my experience , history moves forwards not backwards this depends on which way you are facing . 
   it 's gon na happen - there 's simply no other choice history is not inevitable . 
  the voters might not want a fiscal union . 
  there is another choice , reversion to national currencies . 
   but already there are slight indications of a shift in mood - especially among the highly educated - that will only build momentum and spread . 
  i do n't see any evidence for this whatsoever . 
   the union was created with the intention of maintaining french and german hegemony in europe , it was never designed to keep germany down . 
  it was nato that was designed to keep the russians out , the americans in and the germans down . 
  personally i do n't see that their electorates will give them permission . 
  the electorates now seem even less keen on a fiscal union than they were a couple of years ago , we are moving in the wrong direction . 
  i think attitudes have hardened as a consequence of the current crisis . 
  however , the interesting thing about history is that it is not certain and it is hard to predict the future . 
   the thing is i 'd be 100 % in favour of a fiscal union and damn sovereignty . 
  this is economically necessary for the eurozone to survive . 
  however , it is currently not envisaged by the eu treaties and considerable change would be required to these to create a fiscal union . 
  currently , the political appetite does not seem to be there . 
  the number of politicians in northen eu countries ( that are remotely electable ) arguing for fiscal union is vanishingly small . 
   i understand you are a lawyer in the city and naurgul is a left-leaning greek ... 
  this says nothing about our class , though . 
  or at least , what british people mean when they use the expression `` class '' . 
  also , i do n't think naurgul is the class warfare type and i am certainly not . 
  we do have wildly different political views as i am free market small state libertarian . 
  however , ultimately we both believe , irrespective of our political views , that there is an even more important principle of democracy , which should not be undermined . 
  and this unites us , because the eu is undermining democracy . 
   and norway let 's not blame norway . 
  they are nothing to do with the euro . 
   from war and prosperous for every citizen . 
  most of humanity has this vision . 
  it is not some specific european thing . 
   i need a truckload of popcorn and beer for watching how this will unfold . 
  oh , the irony when class warfare takes second fiddle to ez bashing . 
  much popcorn and beer to be had here , watching the eurozone gradually become an acrimonious mess : what becomes ever more economically necessary , becomes ever more politically impossible . 
  i 'm not understanding the `` class warfare '' reference . 
  in before blue banana,
