  there is n't a demagogic fervour in the uk . 
  i am on a phone now , but google the sky opinion poll from last week which showed that a majority of british voters want to leave the single market . 
  both the leave campaign and the remain campaign argued during the referendum that if the uk voted leave , we would end up outside the single market . 
  that was certainly one of my main reasons for voting leave . 
  there has also been polling showing that a majority of remain voters think that the result of the referendum should be respected . 
  obviously , there are some on the remain side that think that the referendum should be ignored and we should stay in the eu . 
  bring proeuropean does not mean wanting the uk to be part of the eu . 
  most of the 48 % accept the result of the referendum and are n't trying to overturn the result . 
  a lot of them are not adamantly against brexit . 
  no - the average brit does not want the uk to be in the eu . 
  we like european countries and we like europeam people . 
  we just do n't want to be in the eu . 
  we are fine with you continuing with it without us . 
  we will do fine outside it . 
  they can veto `` not to trade at all with the uk '' . 
  on wto terms , there is still going to be lots of trade , just like there is with the usa . 
  i spent my childhood in one of the rural oxfordshire villages . 
  the rain is annoying but it does make things beautiful !, 
  perhaps you do n't care about nato , but i do . 
  if you care about it , this meeting is important . 
  read the article you linked and the actual quotations from the uk government rather than the article 's summary . 
  it is clear that the uk government is saying that scotland 's existing relationship with the pound would change if they became an independent country . 
  is your position that if scotland became an independent country , the uk government should create an entirely new currency union with a new country ? 
  and that the british taxpayer should be on the hook for spending by the scottish government that the uk government had no control over ? 
  this is going to be quite a crucial meeting and may needs to frame it correctly ... 
  if you leave the eurozone , just call up uk . 
  anglo-portuguese alliance is best alliance . 
  we will speak to draghi for you and explain . 
  probably oxford did n't copy venice , but copied that guy 's hometown instead . 
  explains everything . 
  it reminds me of my student days . 
  when punting under the bridge of sighs we would sing `` i 'd rather be at oxford than st john 's '' . 
  ( st john 's is a hated college at cambridge . ), 
  it is actually kind of ironic that brexit seems to be an inspiration for these people , but there do n't seem to be any brits in attendance . 
  i think it is somewhat sad that euscepticism is seen as an extremist position and impossible within mainstream politics within a lot of continental european politics , whereas of itself it is not an extremist position so should not be regarded as such . 
  differently , within the uk , euscepticism has always been a position that was acceptable within mainstream society and mainstream politics . 
  in my mind the continental european position is harmful because it delegitimises a legitimate debate , which is always unhealthy in a democracy . 
  people with legitimate eusceptic opinions are afraid to express them for fear of being considered far right . 
  this also explains why british eusceptics receive such a lot of hostility on this sub : because the only political figures in continental europe talking about leaving the eu are extreme and part of the far right , british eusceptics get associated with that . 
  we are also seen as having done something which empowers and emboldens the european far right . 
  my hope and expectation is that people in the eu will see that leaving the eu is not of itself extremist . 
  the uk is of course a liberal democracy with everything that that entails : free press , independent judiciary , rule of law and so forth . 
  hopefully within other eu countries eusceptics will be able to point to the uk as an example of a liberal democracy that left the eu and that euscepticism does not have to be associated with extremism or the far right . 
  this bridge is beautiful . 
  there are similar bridges of signs in oxford and cambridge , though those stupid oxonians built theirs over a road rather than a river . 
   the government in westminster did say that an independent scotland would not be allowed use sterling . 
  they did n't say that scotland could n't use sterling . 
  obviously , anyone in the world can use sterling . 
  they just said that the uk 's central bank would no longer be a guarantor of last resort for a completely different country which would have complete control of its finances . 
  if both the uk and eu put tariffs ( just via waiting ) then uk gets more money than eu gets because the uk imports more from the eu than the eu imports from the uk . 
   is this on ideological grounds ? 
  yes , ideological grounds . 
   or do you stand to benefit personally/professionally from brexit ? 
  i work as a lawyer in financial services . 
  i personally think that my profession will benefit , but note that a large majority of my colleagues voted remain . 
   i 'm less surprised now by some of your earlier statements vis a vis reshaping uk society under the cover of brexit . 
  to me the reshaping of uk society is a separate question from brexit and , even had the uk voted remain , i would still be a thatcherite . 
  during the referendum campaign a lot of the people i campaigned along side were corbynistas . 
  they also want to reshape uk society , but not in the same way as i do . 
  i agree that she is worth reading , but her whole coverage of brexit was incredibly partisan . 
  no - i was very involved in the campaign , from leafleting , canvassing , data entry to writing articles and participating in debates . 
  but ultimately my vote is just the same as any other . 
  yes - though none of those nato countries are complying with the 2 % . 
  uk is currently the only country in the world that gives 0.7 % of gdp to foreign aid and 2.0 % of gdp to military for nato purposes . 
  it is a real shame that there are n't more countries doing this . 
  services are partially regulated by gats . 
  obviously , the eu could put in place very protectionist legislation relating to the provision in services and i suspect that is fairly likely now that the uk is leaving . 
  one of the main reasons why the uk is leaving is because the eu has very protectionist instincts . 
  the next general election will happen in may 2020 at the latest . 
  brexit timetable is not confirmed and is subject to negotiation and also likely to include transitional provisions . 
  parliament will be able to vote on the new fta and any singapore 2.0 laws . 
  when the british people voted in parties wanting a referendum , when parliament enacted legislation for a referendum , when the british people voted for brexit , they were opening themselves up to the possibility of massive change and uncertainty . 
  they decided to take a huge risk . 
  i am incredibly proud of them . 
  nothing is changed in the immediate future other than tax cuts that were in the tory manifesto . 
  theresa may will have to face the ballot box in a couple of years so will be able to get a mandate . 
  that is a shame . 
  i am glad slovenia is contributing to european security - all nato should play its part . 
  uk has membership of the wto already . 
  uk was a founder member of the wto . 
  eu can only put tariffs on uk that it has on the rest of the world . 
  i agree that ceta style and no tariffs between either is better . 
  she seems to be fairly liked so far ( partly because corbyn is so bad ) ... 
  i want the uk to change the social contract . 
  not every society has the same views about how much welfare there should be . 
  in a democracy we should be able to change these things . 
  it would be illegal for the eu to put tariffs on the uk above those that the wto allows . 
  why would uk starve ? 
  we would just buy food from the rest of the globe . 
  global food prices are cheaper because the eu has tariffs and subsidies . 
  if you actually want to have a constructive conversation - try not to use terms like `` little englander '' . 
  they are designed to offend people . 
  obviously , when one person is trying to offend the other , the discussion becomes much harder . 
  if you want to offend people , that is fine , just do n't bother debating with me . 
  i prefer to debate with people that are not hostile . 
  actually - i have noticed that your posts are littered with offence . 
  i am not sure if you are doing this on purpose or just do it with out realising . 
  in either case , it is not really a good way of debating . 
  no - i think if you want to debate in good faith you should avoid expressions designed to cause offence . 
  you need to learn how to debate without going on about `` little englanders '' .
