  [ but there is certainly a section of europe that is averse to the uk and people who `` do n't like britain very much '' . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1sjqev/uks_new_ambassador_to_spain_brits_in_spain_should/cdyexkb ) i 'm not saying that it is widespread , but that it does exist . 
  you 're right that ukip can not accomplish its goals at the ep , the only place that can accomplish them at westminster . 
  but by sending ukip meps to brussels ( and strasbourg every four weeks ) , the dialogue and position at westminster is forced to change dramatically . 
  already we have seen westminster have to respond to the way we voted ukip in the local elections last year . 
  so voting ukip in the european elections is an indirect way of achieving goals . 
  also , i will have meaningful representation . 
  meps represent all their consituents regardless of how they voted . 
  and i trust the ukip meps to represent my positions . 
  i get a lot more upvotes since i changed my flag . 
  i still sometimes get downvotes which i attribute to nationality though . 
  [ yesterday , for example . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/1sk1ii/tell_me_europe_what_do_you_think_of_your_head_of/cdycsf1 ) this is why i have the eu flag on this sub . 
  well - i am also a libertarian eurosceptic . 
  it is a surprisingly growing political philosophy in the uk . 
  i agree that people do a lot of fucked up shit because they are anonymous . 
  i am cool with that , provided that the shit is not illegal . 
  that is where i think the cut off between anonymity and lack of it should lie . 
  the counter-factual will be interesting in any event ... 
  if the uk gets the referendum then it will have a significant impact not just on the uk but also on the whole eu , whatever the outcome . 
  their issues with the project are utterly fundamental though , not mere details . 
  if it were mere details ( e.g. 
  reform of cap , reduction in budget , renegotiate on things like free movement etc ) then i agree that ukip perhaps should adopt a policy of reform rather than pulling out . 
  the other parties do want to renegotiate on those things . 
  ukip 's fundamental problem is things like sovereignty and constitutional law and the ability for laws to be made by non-uk bodies that impact the uk that the uk can not control . 
  this ability is fundamental to the success of the eu . 
  if you do n't like it , you do n't really have an option to negotiate . 
  your only option is to pull out . 
  i think that privacy is relevant here . 
  i agree that the case is not clear-cut though and that is why it is so interesting for a lawyer  there is currently a massive debate about the right to privacy online generally and this is part of that wider debate . 
  ( think of the outcry on here when it comes to the nsa spying on people 's computer records and so forth . ), 
  i think there should be a right to be able to write things online on a public forum anonymously . 
  think of reddit !, 
  i only post here because it is anonymous . 
  if it were n't anonymous then i would not be able to post my eusceptic views , because my job might be at risk . 
  do you think i have a reasonable expectation of privacy ? 
  how would you feel if a newspaper published my name , age , photo and job information together with my eusceptic comments ? 
  from the perspective of ukip it would be great if either guy verhofstat or martin schulz made it . 
  those guys seem to be very anti-british and very happy to make public statements criticising britain . 
  public opinion of the eu in the uk would go through the floor . 
  they 're not planning on abolishing the eu . 
  they are simply planning on pulling the uk out of it . 
  the eu will continue to exist whether or not the uk is part of it . 
  there is a huge discussion in the uk about what the uk 's relations with the eu and other parts of the world would be like if the uk were to pull out of the eu . 
  people have written books on it and there are many different alternatives arrangements to be considered . 
  i agree that ukip does not address these arguments as well as it could . 
  ukip does not advocate reforming the eu because it does not believe that is a practical reality . 
  also , that policy position is already taken in the uk . 
  the conservatives , labour and the liberal democrats all already argue that the eu needs to be reformed . 
  there is not one political party in the uk that wants things to stay the same with the eu . 
  i also agree that they are shitty people , but i think a right to privacy extends also to shitty people . 
  perhaps it extends especially to shitty people . 
  also there is no accepted definition of `` shitty people '' . 
  some people might think that gays are shitty people . 
  or jews . 
  we should think carefully before allowing newspapers to collate information like names , ages , pictures and job information of people just because they consider them shitty . 
  i think naming and shaming them in a newspaper is pretty different from the situtation if they 'd gone into a town centre . 
  if they 'd gone into a town centre they would be much more aware that they were deliberately exposing themselves . 
  by a newspaper publishing details it is harder to say that they were exposing themselves . 
  also , the number of people who will find out information about them via a newspaper is of an order of magnitude higher . 
  i view this a bit differently from you . 
  even though i do not like the eu , i recognise that the uk did decide to become a member , using a legal process . 
  i therefore do regard the eu as having legitimacy . 
  i am therefore voting for ukip , a party that will seek to withdraw the uk from the eu , using a legal process . 
  i am voting for ukip , for the reasons you state . 
  i am pleased that ukip are trying not to align themselves with the french front national or the dutch party for freedom . 
  i think the turn-out will be better than usual in the uk as there will be a lot of media focus on these elections . 
  i agree with savannajeff that this does not contradict right to free speech . 
  after all , newspapers also have a right to free speech . 
  however , if i were the lawyer arguing against what the newspapers are doing here , i would consider saying that they are invading the privacy and right to a family life of the people they are exposing in this way . 
  i 'm not sure what swedish privacy laws are like and presumably the newspapers took legal advice before going to print . 
  but i think it would still be an interesting case . 
  i thought this article was going to be about something different . 
  they do n't seclude themselves in their homes . 
  they interact with the other 999,999 british people living there . 
  they go to shops especially made for british people and eat in restaurants especially established for british people . 
  a whole section of the spanish economy is aimed at british pensioners in spain , just as there is a whole economy that is spanish young people working in britain . 
  this was an interesting article , but it raised more questions than it answered . 
  she discussed some of the problems europe faces , without really mentioning any solutions , for example :  there will be no funerals if it rediscovers lucidity and courage when confronted by a crisis that is , above all , ethical . 
  europeans have no choice but to continue to believe in europe and its exceptional mixture of unity and diversity . 
  they have to : they need it more than ever . 
  what does this actually mean in practice ? 
  hopefully if it comes down to it the swedish government will learn from the mistakes the irish government made . 
  not guaranteeing the debts of all national banks without knowing the extent of those debts would be a start . 
   you should try calling any kind of customer support from australia !, 
  haha !, 
  i actually think the standard within call centres has gone up massively in the last few years . 
  maybe they ca n't understand your austraylian accent ... 
  thanks for you for response . 
   i do n't think it 's hate against anglophones . 
  it 's more like an aversion to everything that comes from the uk . 
  i think you need to be careful with this attitude . 
  an aversion to everything from the uk is getting close to xenophobia . 
  imagine if i said i was averse to everything that came from italy ? 
   this is a pro-eu sub and the anti-eu bullshit that was spilled by cameron during the last few years made many mainland europeans bitter and angry . 
  i 'm neither justifying nor agreeing with this sentiment even though i can somewhat understand why people do n't like britain that much . 
  this is not a pro-eu sub . 
  this is a european sub . 
  there are europeans that post frequently that are not from eu member states ( norwegians and swiss ) . 
  there are euphiles and there are eusceptics , from both uk and other member states .
