  there is certainly a chance that scotland will vote for independence . 
  in my view we can keep the union jack even if the political union between england and scotland is broken . 
  nobody is proposing that the union of crowns be broken and in some ways the union jack represents the union of crowns . 
  scotland , england , wales and n ireland already have their own flags anyway . 
  imagine how much we would get it we sold off the royal family !, 
  this has to be one of the world 's marketable brands . 
  what is a bit surprising is that britain has not privatised the roads , in the way that some european nations have . 
  i think wanting turkey in the eu is another thing us brits are in a minority on . 
  i do n't see it happening . 
  turks are less keen on it than they were . 
  i do n't see france agreeing to it . 
  questions to which the answer is `` no '' . 
  the legal case of the villagers probably is n't a very strong one . 
  the rule of law is not very strong in romania and it is probably unlikely that a court would be able to review the decision by the government . 
  i was once told by the ministry of finance of ukraine that they preferred not to use the article . 
  i was about to get a bond prospectus stamped off and they insisted i get the article removed . 
  one of my all time favourite youtube videos . 
  ouch, 
  i think they could change it to eureditopeans . 
  that word combines european , redditor and utopia . 
  which i think sums up this sub redit very well , 
  bad times ... 
  you guys are just jealous of global legend qe2 ... 
  au contraire , we love club med in general and il belpaese in particular !, 
  really ?!, 
  you 're missing out !, 
  english people ca n't understand the accent anyway !, 
  what has been very surprising has been that despite your ( in my view accurate ) description of them , the german greens have been a very durable political force . 
  it britain they now have even less power than a decade or so ago . 
  politicians ... 
  i think it is going to be the destiny and tragedy of the british and the french that we 're going to have to stay `` meilleurs ennemis '' , forced to rely on each other militarily because neither of us are big enough on the world stage and no other euopean nation seems to want a military ... 
  scotland can copy ireland 's defence plans . 
  problem solved . 
  agreed . 
  it will have a political consequence even if it does n't have a legal consequence . 
  what is going to be interesting to see is what happens to italy in the post-berlusconi era ( still not sure if that era has arrived ! ) . 
  unfortunately , in many respects italy is still in a state of stagnation and many of my italian friends are very critical of the monti premiership `` il classico governo tecnico '' and now also the letta premiership . 
  there do n't seem to be answers however . 
  the rise of the m5s movement is also very confusing . 
  europeans will never give up on europe . 
  as for the eu , om tne other hand ... 
  europe does ' t need to pay for presseurop . 
  / r/europe does the same job , but to a higher standard for free !, 
  do n't be bossed about catalonia !, 
  i went part of the way to applying for a job within an eu institution earlier this year and therefore had to create one of these . 
  i did not find it very user-friendly , but perhaps that 's just because i was n't used to it . 
  for other non-eu institution jobs i applied for i used my regular cv . 
  the more you insult , the stronger our resolve becomes !, 
  we 're getting out !, 
  if britain leaves the game suddenly changes dramatically . 
  this would cause a major shakeup across the eu . 
  eurosceptic movements in many other countries ( particularly denmark , sweden , netherlands and france ) would really wake up . 
  many on the left are not pro the eu either in the uk , but as you indicate , the right are more anti it than the left are . 
  i think the norwegian position is more common in europe though . 
  cue laughter about british people queueing ... 
  there are normally spending limits on referenda which both sides will have to comply with . 
  the best way to ensure you can use free movement around the globe is to get some useful job skills . 
  if your skills are in demand you will be able to work anywhere ( both inside and outside the eu ) whether or not britain stays in the eu . 
  do n't rely on the government : take control of your own destiny !, 
  it is not the fault of the baby-boomers if the young do n't vote . 
  if the young do n't vote they only have themselves to blame . 
  italy did provide romano prodi and currently mario draghi ... i 'd say italy punches below its weight in europe partly because of its history . 
  other than a brief and unhappy period of empire that italy tries to forget , italy has never really had global ambitions in the way other euopen nations like netherlands , france , britain , spain and portugal have . 
  i think this means that italy is less pushy in brussels than the french and the british are . 
  another reason is political . 
  since the 50s , italy has had many many changes of government at home , so often instead of looking outwards they have looked inwards . 
  personally i am okay with anyone coming . 
  but then , i work in a sector in which other eu nationals , however educated , ca n't really compete ( other than the irish ) . 
  in fact , there are more aussies in my sector than eu nationals . 
  britain is also in a slightly anomlalous position when it comes to free movement . 
  britain has relatively low unemployment , relaxed and liberal labour laws , good benefits and , in the south east at least , a booming economy . 
  plus , almost all eu nationals have some knowledge of english or a desire to learn it . 
  this has all meant that britain has been impacted by free movement much more than many other eu countries and there have been some consequential social problems . 
  in my mind the way to tackle these is via a change to the benefits system thoug . 
  who would do worse out of that deal do you think ? 
  britain or spain ? 
  remember , spain is going through a property crash at the moment . 
  taking a million people out of the demand-side for property would destroy the spanish property market , and be a big risk for spanish banks and also push many spaniards into debt . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  what about all the spaniards working in britain ? 
  immagine the spanish unemployment figures if they were sent back ? 
  it will be interesting to see what happens . 
  britain will not negotiate with the rest of the eu from a position of weakness . 
  the ideal scenario might be for britain to negotiate a position mid-way between norway ( in the common market and the eea ) and switzerland ( who differently from norway has the ability to control immigation ) . 
  currently , britain has a large trade deficit with the eu , that is to say we import from the eu much more than we export to the eu . 
  many eu states ( in particular germany ) will not want to harm their ability to export to britain , so will be keen to negotiate . 
  having said that , divorces are rarely very happy ones . 
  the eu will be particularly worried about giving britain good terms as it could set a precedent . 
  there is bound to be some acrimony . 
  as for eu financial transactions going through london , that is not going to change . 
  big european banks , e.g. 
  deutsche bank and bnp paribas and ubs are going to stay in london . 
  last year , the city of london , the only european global financial centre , contributed more than 20 % of the british economy . 
  think about this : if you take away the city , britain would need to drastically cut spending in many many ways . 
  part of the reason that the city is successful is because talented individuals can earn large sums . 
  many of the people earning those large sums are not actually british nationals , but move to london from around the globe . 
  without the salary they might go elsewhere . 
  there are other questions too . 
  for europe to be relevant it needs to have a global financial centre . 
  maintaining london 's prominence is a question for europe as well as for britain .
