  thanks angela . 
  there is no evidence that he has conspired to commit mutiny . 
  which law do you think he has breached ? 
  to me it seems that they want to protect freedom of speech and liberal values . 
  they are putting their neck on the line to ensure that our hard-won freedoms stay protected . 
  you misunderstand me . 
  whether the uk stays in nato is a political question . 
  whether the uk keeps nukes is a political question . 
  the uk 's military funding is a political question . 
  the fact that the conservatives and labour appear to have different attitudes to these questions is a vote winner for the conservatives . 
  i agree that it is inappropriate for the military to be speaking to the press and i think that the military should and probably will have an internal investigation . 
  but this does not mean that cameron should take action or that corbyn will or should call for action to be taken . 
  if someone had spoken on the record , then things would be different . 
  there wo n't be repercussions . 
  by tomorrow this will not even be a news item . 
  cameron can say the following : `` it is not appropriate for me to comment on anonymous remarks . '', 
  this is exactly the same position that the labour party are taking after all . 
  they are not calling for any further action . 
  if further pressed , he can say '' `` it is the government that is in charge of the country and the military . 
  in order to protect british national security in an increasingly dangerous world it is essential that we continue to maintain our independent nuclear deterrent , our membership of nato and pay 2 % of our budget on our military . 
  the only way to guarantee this is to vote conservative . '', 
  this is a vote winner for the conservatives . 
  he spoke anonymously therefore there can be no pressure upon him to resign . 
  i agree . 
  the uk media have gone insane over this issue , especially guardian and bbc , but even telegraph . 
  i guess this is because the uk does not really consider itself directly involved in this crisis and is enjoying portraying lots of european countries looking crazy and uncoordinated and argumentative . 
  did everyone just join the poundzone without me noticing ? 
  all systems are open to abuse , but if we are looking at overall outcomes it would be wrong to say that direct democracy does not work in switzerland . 
  the fact that switzerland was relatively late to extend the franchise does not mean that direct democracy does not work in switzerland now . 
  switzerland is a very prosperous , free , liberal and peaceful country . 
  their voting system works very well . 
  switzerland has direct democracy and they do n't vote for no taxes . 
  `` no people stay in austria . 
  all people go to germany . '', 
  uk is opting out of quotas , but taking some asylum seekers directly from middle east . 
  england , wales and ireland would have collective mass hysteria if romania or georgia replaced scotland . 
  i think the threat of relegation would force scotland and italy to man up and incentivize romania and georgia . 
  but , never gon na happen because of muh historic 100 years of four nations ... 
  ca n't wait to watch italy beat france :-), 
  no , the uk will opt out of all those things . 
  these things should be decided locally . 
  if you want to start more crazy projects like euro and schengen , do it without us . 
  we will see . 
  personally i think cameron has not been ambitious enough with the renegotiation . 
  i would have expected him to go much further . 
  i will still be voting out : the current crisis is just yet another illustration of the eu not working . 
   now it looks they 'll send them to slovakian border in vamosszabadi . 
  any source out of interest ? 
  very interesting post , thank you . 
   austria will not accept them and i doubt italy would will they build fences though ? 
  or is something else meant by `` not accept '' ? 
   actually , they seem to want to go to germany and sweden for the most part . 
  what i meant is , what happens to the eu then ? 
  if the borders go back up full-time it 's pretty much game over . 
  when they are asylum seekers , it seems that they want to mainly go germany and sweden . 
  however , if they have e.g. 
  slovakian nationality , then they wo n't be asylum seekers any more . 
  they will be eu nationals using their free movement rights and entitled to work anywhere in the eu . 
  in this scenario it makes them a bit more likely to go to the uk because of the language and because it is easy to work in the uk . 
  though obviously some will go to other countries too . 
   yeah , i saw that . 
  i think slovenia will take a harsher stance once the brunt of the refugees reaches them . 
  alternatively sending them to italy and austria might be easier . 
  my understanding is that ireland is going to sign up to quotas anyway . 
   i get that cameron is obviously concerned with british interests first and foremost thankfully . 
  this is the job of the british pm . 
   do i wish he had the dominance in europe instead of the hapless hausfrau merkel right now . 
  as a brit , i do n't really care about this . 
  i do n't think the uk should be telling other countries in europe what to do or trying to dominate . 
  other countries can decide for themselves what they want to do !, 
  we just want to decide what we do . 
   i would n't bet against a brexit in 2017 . 
  i hope so , i am looking forward to voting to leave . 
   you do know that the point of the quota is to relocate refugees from countries like spain , italy and greece , right ? 
  no , the quota proposals do n't relocate refugees from spain . 
  they relocate refugees too spain . 
   and it 's anyone 's guess what happens then . 
  they go to the uk . 
  uk already got a lot of somalian-dutch people this way . 
  the only way the uk can control immigration is to leave the eu . 
   yeah , about that ... 
  i think hr , ro and bg 's appetite for schengen dropped quite fast . 
  from the uk 's perspective joining schengen is about as attractive as joining the euro . 
  where 's the trolling ? 
  the uk has a fence at calais to protect the border with france . 
  this is the same as hungary which has a fence to protect the border with serbia . 
   he got zapped climbing on the train not a fence ... 
  it amounts to basically the same thing . 
  if there was n't a fence , he would n't have climbed on the train . 
  username checks out . 
  it is n't clear to me why quotas and the rest of the eu budget should be linked at all even for the countries without an opt-out . 
  does this include the uk and denmark , who will use their opt outs ?!, 
  if so this is going to be a massive help to the `` leave '' campaign in our referendum . 
  it seems that this man was a syrian refugee . 
  does the hypocrisy of the uk media establishment know no limits ? 
  the uk fence against migrants and refugees causes deaths . 
  so far the hungarian one does n't seem to do that . 
  can you imagine the meltdown the bbc and the guardian would have if a syrian died at the hungarian fence ? 
  i happen to think that the uk is correct to secure its borders . 
  there is no point pretending to be a nation if you ca n't check who is coming in and out of your country .
