  different european countries seem to be on different scales right now . 
  for example , the rhetoric and policies of centre left party in slovakia in relation to immigration is significantly further to the right of the swedish democrats . 
  outside the eu it would make sense not to have freedom of movement with anyone ( other than the irish , for historical , geographical and political reasons ) . 
  all other peoples should be considered on basis of skills and needs of british economy etc. 
  there is no point discriminating on basis of passport . 
  the game showed in the second picture , [ conkers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conkers ) , has not changed at all , hahaha . 
  i would like to go back to belgium soon and see again the last post ceremony at the menin gate . 
  i think every brit who knows about this ceremony is incredibly moved that even after the passage of a century , belgians are still showing respect and gratitude to the thousands of brits and others that died in ypres and flanders fields . 
  i am a die hard eusceptic - junkcer 's implication - that eusceptics are somehow not remembering the past in the way that euphiles are - is of course totally ridiculous . 
  this is the best yet !, 
   i expect the eu to negotiate the deal which is most favorable to eu citizens , just the way you expect the uk to negotiate the most favorable deal . 
  no tariffs . 
  that would work great . 
  if the eu can only hold together by offering the uk bad terms , then this means that there is something fundamentally wrong with the eu !, 
  so not free movement of workers ? 
   the other thing completely missed in the debate is not having freedom of movement screws our services sector . 
  i agree that having an open immigration policy is necessary for our services sector , but this is not quite the same as having freedom of movement . 
  outside the eu or eea there is nothing to stop the uk unilaterally adopting a very open immigration policy . 
  there is certainly no shortage of people wanting to come to the uk . 
  in what respect are south korea fucked ? 
  just a general free trade agreement would be fine . 
   eu is a protectionistic entity to outsiders . ], 
  this is why the uk needs to leave . 
  i do n't care about what colour people are . 
  i prefer immigration based on skills . 
   we are talking of city of london , not entire london the city of london employs directly or indirectly millions of people ... 
  they live around the whole of south east england . 
  most brits like africans and arabs just as much as they like latvians . 
  the migrant crisis has actually not been high in the uk 's news agenda in the last couple of weeks . 
  personally my views on the eu are nothing whatsoever about migration . 
  cap and fisheries are not part of the single market . 
   and frankly , it just underscores how necessary the eu is to contain nationalist practices . 
  you might consider that in your country nationalism needs to be contained . 
  in my country we have no tradition of extremist politics . 
  the far right and far left in the uk have always been beyond the political pale and never been close to power . 
  all countries in the eu blame brussels for decisions . 
  this is not some weird british idiosyncrasy . 
  it is a consequence of legislative power being remote from the people . 
  the uk leaving the eu does n't fuck up the eu . 
   vienna has invited balkan states to a meeting on the migration crisis on wednesday , following the country 's move to limit asylum applicants last week . 
  by not inviting two crucial countries in the west balkan route , greece and germany , austria is basically trolling ... 
   , because shifting the blame to the eu wo n't work anymore this is a very good reason to vote leave . 
  i do n't want my politicians to hide behind brussels . 
  i want them to be forced to take responsibility for their own decisions . 
  this enhances democracy and accountability . 
   do you have any source that these do not require treaty changes ? 
  you are right that these changes would require treaty change . 
  the point i am making is that this treaty change has not yet occurred and we do not know when it will occur or even if it will occur . 
  we know that if it does occur it will take place after the uk referendum . 
  the uk agreement does not , of itself , change the eu treaties . 
  it is not part of eu law . 
  no need for ratification . 
   we would have to be accepted in efta or maybe into united kingdom , we cant go alone : - x that would be random but also kind of cool ... 
   now 12-15 % of the uk 's total tax income will be will be linked to the eu !, 
  the london stock exchange is already merged with the italian stock exchange . 
  this changes very little . 
  cyprus is largely common law . 
  malta is largely civil law . 
  the beleavers campaign is doing a lot better than the remainiacs . 
   i do n't want to be left alone in a union with those ever closer lunatics either . 
  unfortunately i am now suspecting that we will be leaving . 
  if that happens , surely the eu will have to change . 
  surely ? 
  interesting that v4 ended out wanting the uk to stay more than most countries . 
  they kind of see uk as their insurance against a federal eu . 
  orban also sees himself a tiny bit legitimised by cameron . 
  orban does n't get that many leaders from fancy western european countries coming to visit him and do press conferences and so forth , so he was happy cameron visited him . 
  how did you calculate the 34 % number ? 
   cameron today said that majority of tory leadership are pro eu it is n't the tory leadership that choose the next tory leader . 
  it is the tory membership . 
  they are not pro-eu . 
  he loves europe . 
  he does n't think that the eu is good for democracy . 
  europe and the eu are not the same thing . 
  it works well in the uk . 
  it gives the people more control over who represents them locally . 
  it reduces power of a political parties . 
  it also makes coalitions less likely , forcing parties to be clearer on their platforms before the election . 
  i 'm in london and eusceptic . 
  i think that the uk functions well as a modern democracy ( other than the fact that the uk parliaments do n't have control to make a lot of laws , which are regrettably made in brussels ) . 
  the uk is n't changing the fptp system . 
  i personally like fptp and campaigned to keep it . 
  i think home nations sounds like rugby and football and stuff like the olympics . 
  lots of irish people seem to watch the bbc for sport etc and it seems like half the time the bbc sports presenters are specifically cheering when irish people win boxing medals and stuff ... 
  farage is n't in our parliament . 
  he is in the eu parliament . 
  no , cameron will likely leave before the end of the parliament . 
  the next pm will be a tory whether or not the tories get a third term . 
  the people that choose the next pm are the conservative membership . 
  yes , they did have a much tougher set of matches than england for example . 
  towards the end it was starting to look as if it was either ireland or scotland though , so i guess we were never going to get the full set . 
  ( hope you do n't mind us calling you a `` home nation ! ), 
  his chances of becoming pm just increased massively . 
  ( it is n't the eu that chooses our pm thankfully . ), 
  hahaha !, 
  sadly scotland did n't qualify . 
  this is a real shame because the rest of the home nations all qualified ... 
  your best hope for labour is a leave win . 
  this allows labour to start thinking about what policies they actually want to implement . 
  we will start getting a higher calibre of labour politician .
