  the only way to get real reform is for brits to vote to leave . 
  faced with a `` leave '' vote , the eurocrats will finally be forced to really contemplate the massive deficiencies within the eu . 
   well , that 's the issue is n't it ? 
  none of these things are , nor can they i agree that currently infrastructure , housing costs etc are under huge strain . 
  but the extent to which these things are under strain is a consequence partly of decisions made by governments and these will change from time to time . 
   you know which way to vote in the referendum then . 
  i will be voting out , but as mentioned immigration is not really my reason . 
   let 's look at the former yugoslavia . 
  today , slovenia and croatia is a part of the eu and only slovenia is a part of the schengen . 
  so if eu and/or schengen lowers unemployment , you 'd expect it to be much lower in slovenia and a little lower in croatia relative to the rest of yuogoslavia your assumption here is that each constitutent part of the former yugoslavia was roughly equivalent when yugoslavia split up . 
  this assumption is incorrect because at that stage slovenia was already much more economically advanced than the rest of the former yugoslavia . 
   surely not 330,000 + net per annum ? 
  my own personal view is that provided infrastructure , wages , housing costs and social cohesion were all able to keep up , a figure of 330,000 + net per annum is acceptable . 
  however , obviously different people are impacted by immigration in different ways and i appreciate that wealthy people like me benefit more than anyone . 
  there are virtually no immigrants competing for my job for example . 
  i would like parliament to be able to decide each year a total immigration target on an annual basis . 
   what is the reason behind cutting benefits for eu citizens , the group with highest employment rate and lowest `` benefit scrounging '' rate ? 
  cameron 's aim is to reduce immigration into the uk . 
  this aim is because even among immigrants which have high employment rates and so forth , there are still impacts on uk ( infrastructure is strained , housing costs increase , community cohesion is strained and wages of the lowest paid are impacted ) . 
  personally i am relaxed about immigration into the uk and think that overall a high immigration rate is good for the uk . 
  i think cameron 's renegotiation on this point is largely pointless and it will make no difference whatsoever to how i vote in the referendum . 
  obviously , it makes sense for the uk to be able to control immigration and obviously the uk should select immigratants on the basis of skills rather than on the basis of nationality and we need to leave the eu to be able to do this ( and i expect that when we leave the eu this is what we will do ) . 
  however , the discussion around benefits is a total red herring . 
   i thought austria and germany had lower ? 
  germany has lower unemployment than the uk . 
  austrian unemployment has not been so good over the last 12 months or so and there are some concerns about austrian economic prognosis . 
  the economies of france , italy and greece etc can not compete with the might of the german and dutch economies . 
  they need to be able devalue their currencies in order to become more competitive . 
  this would make their exports more attractive and would therefore be a boost to local industry . 
  unfortunately inside the euro this is not possible for them . 
  unemployment is a price to pay for the euro , as of course the british house of commons predicted more than twenty years ago . 
  the euro is one of the main causes of unemployment . 
  in order to bring unemployment in control in countries like france , italy , greece etc , it would be better for them to return to national currencies . 
  i ca n't answer properly as i am going into a meeting , but in relation to military deployments , the house of commons just voted to bomb isis in syria . 
  what were you referring to ? 
  i will respond to your other points tomorrow . 
   given that less than half of the uks exports go into the eu , it is very clear that eu membership does not severely limit the global focus . 
  the correct comparator for the amount of exports that go to the rest of the world is not the amount that go to the eu , but the amount that would go to the rest of the world if we were not in the eu . 
   it does make sense to have close ties to your neighbours . 
  the uk will have close ties to the rest of europe when we leave the eu . 
  the uk is part of nato . 
  we have a very strong entente with france . 
  however , we should also have very strong relations with the rest of the world too and our relations with europe should not be at the expense of other relations . 
   and no , i would argue that the attempt is isolationalist . 
  isolationist is when you are turning your back on the international community of nations . 
  the uk is going to stay a crucial part of nato , the unsc , the g8 , the commonwealth and a range of other international organisations . 
  if that is what you think of as islolationist , so be it . 
  but it is very far from the dictionary definition of isolationist . 
   it can however leave the modern institutions which help that region maintain that reality , which is what you and your crowd are advocating on vaguely alluded to grounds of `` sovereignty '' and `` refugees , '' flying in the face of both major business and human rights interests . 
  no , the eu is not being helpful in relation to refugees . 
  currently the policy of the eu in relation to refugees encourages people smuggling , dangerous journeys and people to walk across multiple countries . 
  fortunately the uk is opting out of this . 
   so you do n't have any and do n't know how to rebut , why am i not surprised . 
  so here 's me_per_capita ) doing your homework for you ) providing you a list_per_capita ) on how europe is economically_per_hour_worked ) you originally asserted that europe is the most profitable place in the world . 
  your links are nothing to do with that . 
  separately , the question is about eu membership . 
   it 's quite something to defend ukip and claim nationalism and bigotry are n't part of the agenda . 
  ukip 's electoral platform was not a nationalist one . 
  even if it were , this would not mean that wanting to leave the eu is nationalist . 
  it is nonsense and offensive nonsense to make these claims , just as it would be nonsense to try and argue that icelanders or the swiss are nationalist for not wanting to join the eu . 
  this just shows that you want to shut down debate . 
   i 'm just going to repeat myself as you 've brought nothing new here and what you are saying is personal politics flying in the face of oft-reported reality : no , i have brought something new . 
  i 've shown that there are global financial centres outside the eu . 
  this is proof that you do n't have to be in the eu to be a global financial centre . 
  rude !!!!!!, 
  ( though it seems like they have invited qe2 to sienna instead ... ), 
   i 'll overlook you playing fast and loose with definitions when i simply said `` europe '' there is no point talking about europe because europe and the eu are not the same thing . 
  the uk is n't leaving europe because it evidently ca n't leave a geographical and historical reality . 
  the question is over whether or not we leave the eu . 
  given that you were the one who made the initial claims , the onus is on you to provide sources . 
   your cause is championed by ukip , the most ultranationalist party the uk has whose most famous refrain is `` we are not bigots . '', 
  have some sense of self-awareness and good grace . 
  ukip are not ultranationalists . 
  even if they were ultranationalists , it is a failure of logic to say that someone who supports the same cause as them is a nationalist . 
  you are simply trying to shut down the debate . 
  just as norwegians who do n't want to join the eu are not nationalists , brits who want the uk to leave the eu are not nationalists . 
   the city is pro-eu . 
  i work in the city . 
  it is not `` pro-eu '' . 
  the city as a global financial centre will flourish outside the eu just like the other global financial centres like hong kong , new york and singapore , all of which use the english language and the anglo-saxon common law . 
   europe remains the most profitable europe is not the profitable region in the world . 
  usa and canada are more profitable . 
  europe is not politically transparent , lobbyists dominate the eu lesislative process . 
  the eu does not have the highest standards of living , switzerland has a higher standard of living and is outside the eu . 
   short-sighted nationalists for their own short-term benefit to the detriment of the rest of us immediately and the country itself in the long term . 
  stop calling me a nationalist , whatever you mean by that . 
  it is an attempt to shut down the debate . 
  wanting the uk to leave the eu is no more nationalistic than norwegians or icelanders who want to keep out of the eu . 
  this is absurd . 
   and linking mr weber 's personal views when they article takes pains to point out that they fly in the face of the city of london as a whole is extremely dishonest of you . 
  the city is divided on the eu . 
  there are city insitutions funding both sides of debate . 
   just do n't be so isolationist . 
  be a little pro-eu . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not isolationsist , it is globalist . 
  the uk has historical connections around the whole globe and the world is increasingly globalised . 
  it makes sense for the uk not to be tied to one small corner of the world . 
   that must be why all the major banks are backing the in campaign this is not true . 
  some major banks ( e.g. 
  [ ubs ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/11986047/ubs-chairman-brexit-will-not-undermine-the-city-of-london.html ) ) are taking a different position .
