  [ what did you mean by this then ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/29gudm/commission_vicepresident_says_uk_exit_would_be/ciksj3w )  ocean  channel yes , but it is just a bigger body of water . 
  the decision about where governance lies should n't really be about the size of a body of water , should it . 
   so what should connect people in countries ? 
  force like in medieval times or maybe idea like national socialism in previous century ? 
  neither of these things . 
  this is a tricky question , but i would say enough common identity and values so that there is cohesion and trust . 
   on its terms or yours ? 
  it wo n't just be one agreement with one entity , will it ? 
  there will be many different agreements with different jurisdictions . 
   and who are you going to agree with ? 
  as much of the liberal , free and democratic world as possible . 
   so , is that it ? 
  no , not at all . 
  from 1999 and six years forward , helle thorning used her husband 's danish tax deduction ( as if he was to consider a danish tax payer ) , yet the couple still claimed he was n't to pay taxes to denmark . 
  from the british perspective i must say i much prefer kinnock to be in denmark rather than in britain ... 
   usa ? 
  of course not . 
  given that you can conclude that someone might have a reason for not wanting to share common governance with other people that is n't xenophobia , it is disingenuous of you to assume that brits who do n't want common governance with the eu are xenophobic . 
  hopefully you will now stop doing this . 
   ocean so ? 
  there is a channel between the uk and the continent . 
   do n't have common problems some problems are global , some are european , some are british , some are specific just to london ... 
  this is not of itself conclusive as to where governance should be . 
   and trade between our countries is n't profiting as much as one we make with germans . 
  this is an argument then for sharing governance with the usa as it would mean more trade . 
   so just xenophobia ? 
  no , not wanting to share common governance with continentals is n't xenophobic . 
  do you want to share common governance with the usa ? 
  or are you a xenophobe ? 
  hope this helps !, 
  the eu is heading towards federalism and most brits do n't want to part of a federal eu because we do n't want to share common governance with continentals . 
  hope that helps !, 
   you do n't need to do n't be part of it too . 
  we do n't need to do n't need to do n't be part of it ... 
   do you think the eu will want to trade with you ? 
  yes , of course , the eu will want to trade with the uk . 
  the eu also benefits from trade with the uk . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market . 
   if the eu continue the integration process and become a world power without recession and unemployment , with a real central bank , united and so on ... while the uk goes into a recession with a skyrocketing unemployment and a political irrelevance , do n't you think the idea of entering the eu would increase ? 
  obviously , under the scenario you describe , the british public would probably be more keen to enter the euro than they currently are . 
  however , this is n't looking very likely , so i 'm not sure if the question arises . 
   in italy 6 years ago around 80 % of the population was happy about the euro , now less than 40 % . 
  i think brits are more attached to the pound ( as a symbol of independence and sovereignty ) than the italians ever were to the lira . 
  we the british people have been in the eu before i ( me ) was born ... not sure why you did n't like that `` we '' ... 
  i still consider myself to be young and part of the future :-) we 've been in the eu project long before i was born . 
  and we 've not learnt to love it !, 
  i am certainly happy to trade german beer for english breakfast and believe that this would be an excellent deal for me !, 
  i am also a secret gemanophile : in many ways it is a tragedy of history that our countries have had two bad wars and then not been as close as we could have been since then . 
  britain also has a lot to learn from germany in many areas : your approach to education and apprenticeships and infrastructure is better than ours . 
  this is partly because we won the war ( and therefore thought that we did not need to change ) whereas you started again . 
  i am also a secret francophile , but for various reasons the uk 's more natural ally could have been germany rather than france and that the english are culturally closer to germans/dutch/flemish than we are to the french . 
  i am half irish though and i look like a celt . 
  celts are a whole different ball game :-) as for benefits in the uk : this is a typical uk discussion and typical slow progress . 
  in principle our system , which is a needs based system and not a contributory system , sounds better . 
  but i think ours does have to change . 
  but this will take a long long time !, 
  i think that the uk benefits from trade with europe and of course we benefit if europe is peaceful and prosperous . 
  however , currently europe is not as prosperous as it should be and this is partly because of the decade of ruin , partly caused by the euro . 
  as for peace and democracy , the uk is a mature democracy and does n't really need to be in the eu to stay peaceful with europe . 
  i can understand why countries in eastern europe and southern europe think of the eu as their guarantor of peace and stability , but north west europe feels very different and that is one of the reasons why the idea of the eu is least popular in the uk , norway , sweden , denmark and the netherlands . 
  many people in these countries think that the eu is going to cause more corruption than their societies would otherwise have . 
  i think germany and france are in someways a special case : but given the uk 's different experience of history it is unsurprising that our attitude to the eu is profoundly different . 
  i am very pro immigration and it sounds like you are too , but neither of is think there should be no limits . 
  you think there should be limits depending on eu membership , i would use a different method . 
  but ultimately we are the same here . 
  your system stops germans being able to marry algerians , australians , argentinians and angolans . 
  do you think those relationships should be difficult ? 
  you are voting for parties which want their to be limits and visas on those relationships . 
  is a world government something you want ? 
  as for your engineering firm considering closing its business in the uk , we were already told this same story when we stayed out of the euro and it turned out not to be true . 
  and , even currently , with all the uncertainty over the uk 's membership of the eu , there are more jobs now in the uk than ever before in uk 's history . 
  the uk is also currently the fastest growing economy in the g7 . 
  so we must be doing something right . 
  i do n't think you should use the expression `` divide and conquer '' to describe the uk 's foreign policy towards the eu . 
  who are we trying to conquer do you think ? 
  who are we trying to divide ? 
  i want the uk to come out of the eu , but what you guys do once we 're gone is entirely your business . 
  i , like you , believe in globalisation . 
  i have lived all over the world and speak several languges and work in international finance . 
  i live in the most globalised city in the world . 
  brexit for me is not about `` splendid isolation '' . 
  the uk in my view should have good links with as much of the free , liberal , democratic world as possible . 
  the good news in the uk is that we no longer have the bnp . 
  they are finished . 
  ukip are very big , but really , we 're not bad guys . 
  we just want to be an independent self-governing nation . 
  is that really a bad thing ? 
  think of all the people in history who have had similar desires , that you would no doubt have supported . 
  you need to be realistic . 
  the uk is not going to be part of the use . 
  in order to create the use , it makes sense for you to campaign for the uk to leave . 
  obviously , cameron 's political rivals will try and capitalise on this situation : that 's politics . 
  obviously , there will be implications : every broadsheet today lead with brexit becoming more likely . 
  the key thing for cameron at the moment is to keep calm and carry on and also to keep his backbenchers onside . 
  i find it odd that you imply i do n't want future generations of brits to be as to work in italy . 
  i am pro-immigration and emigration by people with the right skill set . 
  i do n't want people to have fewer rights within their own country . 
  but having rights in a different country is a completely different thing . 
  presumably you are happy that germans do n't have the same rights as canadians ?
