  but , have you been to the uk recently and met people from the uk ? 
  no political party is in favour of us joining the euro . 
  the two main political parties ( who have been in power for the last century ) both consistently use the word `` never '' in relation to the euro . 
  they do n't even bother with opinion polling for joining the euro anymore , there is no point . 
  joining the euro , even as a discussion , is entirely outside public debate . 
  nobody in public life in britain is arguing for it anymore . 
  for the forseeable future , that battle has been won . 
  business does not speak with one voice in britain . 
  the cbi is pro eu ( they were also very pro euro ) , but [ business for britain gives a very different message ] ( http://businessforbritain.org/ ) . 
  the fate of a small export business based in the north would really depend on its facts . 
  where is it exporting to ? 
  the eu or elsewhere in the world ? 
  does britain manage to get a fta with the eu ? 
  not being in the eu does not seem to stop the norwegians exporting to the eu . 
  a protectionist leaning country like france is already trying to get its hands on british business by trying to get a regulation passed so that euro settlements of financial products have to take place within the eurozone . 
  ( this would obviously be in breach of the treaties . ), 
  so far , the uk has managed to stay one step ahead , and managed to negotiate a [ `` double majority '' voting system ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-13-251_en.htm ) in european banking union . 
  as you say , there is a constant risk that the eurozone will become protectionist and ultimately it might be difficult for the uk to do anything about this . 
  currently we have angela on side , but even angela will not be around forever . 
  this is a reason why i do n't think , in the long term , the uk will be able to manage to stay in the eu but outside the euro . 
  ( it is never going to join the euro . ), 
  / u/vintagegent said it was true that big business would move abroad if the uk did n't join the euro . 
  i was wondering if he were able to find examples of this . 
  give me some examples of business moving out of britain because britain is not in the euro . 
   you just need to lower/reduce all trade restrictions , unilaterally if needed be . 
  and in fact , this outcome would be my strong preference . 
  u/xdey , you sound like a libertarian . 
  nigel farage is also a libertarian ( e.g. 
  would like to make drugs legal in the uk etc ) though unfortunately libertarianism is not very popular in the uk and perhaps because of this ukip has become less libertarian in relation to its policies . 
  given that the regulatory structure that the uk had prior to the financial crisis resulted in an outcome in which banks were bailed out at the expense of the taxpayer ( not an outcome that i think was the right one even in the case of the uk , though i seem to be in a minority here ) , arguably a change in regulation was required . 
  you 're correct , of course , that laws to try and stop banks being bailed out are perhaps not needed and perhaps might not work anyway . 
  certainly , as a lawyer , i query the need for a law here . 
   that and the fact it would kill of a huge bunch of small businesses by cutting off our free trade with europe . 
  nobody is planning on cutting off free trade with europe . 
  [ the eu currently has free trade agreements with half the world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ) . 
  i am sure that all this will be covered extensively in various discussions from now on until the referendum . 
  whether voters understand it ( or really care about it when the exercise their vote ) is quite another question . 
  i for one will definitely be voting against malmstrom next time i get the chance !, 
  ( at least , a vote for ukip is about as close to a vote against malmstrom as i can get ... ), 
   if farage does n't want brussels ' regulations to apply in the uk , then what he 's saying is that the uk should exit the eea and have a free trade agreement with the eu like e.g. , south korea has . 
  yes , this is what he is saying . 
  glass-steagall is a regulatory system separating investment banking from retail banking . 
  nigel farage is not alone wanting this . 
  the current government have legislated for it and [ it is currently going through parliament in the uk ] ( http://services.parliament.uk/bills/2012-13/financialservicesbankingreform.html ) . 
  i 'm in my mid-thirties . 
  all my friends who moved to australia have now moved back to the uk . 
  my australian friends are starting to move back to australia too ... 
  i would n't trust someone who has repeatedly said belgium is n't a `` real country '' or is `` made up '' to be the face of my government or involved in foreign affairs . 
  i would n't do this either , but i will vote for farage at the european elections . 
  farage is never going to be the face of the uk government . 
  a vote for farage increases the possibility of the uk leaving the eu . 
  that 's what i 'm voting for . 
  it 's true that belgium was made up though . 
  as charles de gaulle said , belgium was made up by the british to annoy the french . 
  ;-) ( but all countries are made up if you look back far enough . 
  britain was certainly constructed . ), 
  british doctors move to australia for a few years in their late 20s and then move back ... 
  according to the article she is most concerned with violence . 
   according to malmstrom , extremist groups are those that incite people to commit acts of violence . 
  hopefully she does n't mean political parties like ukip that want radical change using a democratic process . 
  [ opinion polls ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norway%e2%80%93european_union_relations#opinion_polling ) . 
  the tradition for debate and oppositional politicis in westminster grew up in a slightly different tradition from the more consensual style of politics and less adversarial debate that much of continental europe is accustomed to . 
  that 's one of the reasons why brits are happy for nigel to be oppositional in the european parliament , but continental europeans are less keen on it . 
  edit - just read your other comment lower down the page which makes this exact same point . 
  there 's a whole lot to play for , as you say . 
  the eu already has free trade agreements with much of the world . 
  i did n't see anyone complaining about those other free trade agreements . 
  [ the intention from the commission is that it proceeds using the enhanced co-operation mechanism ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/taxation/other_taxes/financial_sector/index_en.htm ) . 
  so far , 11 member states have agreed to this , which is enough to take this forwards . 
  so far , so good , it would only apply to those member states . 
  however , the draft directive that came out in feb 2014 was extremely extra-territorial , causing the uk to challenge it in the cjeu . 
  i believe luxembourg also joined the uk challenge , though ireland was a bit too embarrassed to join and is simply supporting the uk from the sidelines . 
  since then the mood music coming from the commission has been very mixed . 
  various participating member states have sought various exemptions from their own sovereign debt for example and there have also been proposals to remove bonds ( and only apply it to shares etc ) . 
  suffice is to say that the politics is nowhere near agreed on this one and the jury is still out as to what will happen . 
  it did get a specific mention in the german coalition agreement though , which means it is likely back on track . 
   for basic income no countries in the world have basic income though . 
  are no countries civilised ? 
  [ markets in financial instruments directive ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/internal_market/securities/isd/mifid/index_en.htm ) . 
  it basically regulates who banks can sell financial products to and so forth . 
  how do you explain , with your models , treaty change that has happened relatively regularly within the eu , and in particular maastricht , nice and lisbon ? 
  if you read the speech , he consistently mentions the ability of the uk to bring about reform . 
  he also consistently when he refers to what the eu needs to do , uses `` we '' , for example : ( 1 ) `` first we need economic reform that enables the eu to create jobs ... '' ( 2 ) `` and second as the eurozone undertakes the integration required to make the euro work , we need constitutional reforms ... '' ( 3 ) `` the hard truth is that if we want to maintain our way of life in europe we 've got to get more competitive . 
  and that 's going to require some tough steps : living within our means , making our labour markets competitive , expanding free trade . '', 
  ( 4 ) `` we should set ourselves the urgent task of completing the transatlantic trade and investment partnership -- the eu-us free trade agreement . '', 
  ( 5 ) `` we need to stop talking about completing the single market in services , energy and digital , and get on with it . '', 
  ( 6 ) `` if we in the eu are going to solve our competitiveness problem we need to think big . 
  if we are going to create jobs and provide economic security , we need major reform . '', 
  and uk  germany  france . 
  life as it should be ;-), 
  the treaties have already been modified several times . 
  nobody thinks they are now fixed for the rest of eternity . 
  it is a question of when and how , rather than if . 
  this is also my impression . 
  i 'm not a fan of bojo . 
  he is a very good parliamentarian , but he has already been leader of the conservative party once and he lost the 2001 general election . 
  personally , i do n't see him either wanting to be leader or the conservative party choosing him . 
  it is likely that cameron will survive until the next general election , likely in 2015 . 
  if the conservatives get rid of him before then , it will be because the conservatives do very badly ( i.e. 
  well behind labour and ukip ) in the european elections in 2014 .
