  rather than the uk having to leave the eu , it would be better if the eu ended up leaving the uk . 
   the problem is that with the educated leaving the country , it 's pretty hard to grow , especially if they go to western europe to boost the growth there , it is almost impossible that we ever reach we standards of living . 
  agreed - this is the real issue of high levels of immigration within the eu . 
  it is hard for eastern europe to develop when a generation of the brightest and most entrepreneurial people leave for nw europe . 
  the final you gov poll from the sun puts ukip on 13 percent , getting them the sixth seat . 
  i think ukip will get it because there will be a `` shy '' factor among scottish kippers that is n't shown in the polls . 
  if ukip get a seat in scotland , which some polls are predicting , life will really get interesting . 
  what makes you think shang hai will be financial capital ? 
  they do n't speak english . 
  english is going to stay the international language of finance . 
  there are no serious commentators that think that shang hai will become a financial capital . 
  also , i 'm not sure why you liken japan to the eu rather than to the uk . 
  japan is much more similar to the uk than it is to the eu . 
  new zealand and singapore do fine , do n't they ? 
  they 're not the sixth largest economy in the world . 
  not sure why london ca n't . 
  also , which asian city is going to become finance capital of the world ? 
  the only ones with a chance are singapore and hong kong ( both of which use the english language and english legal system ) but neither of them are well-placed as london , which because of geography is one of the few places in the world able to so same day currency trades everywhere . 
  the uk is n't afraid of asia though . 
  the uk can do trade deals and diplomacy with the entire world . 
  in fact it can do them a lot more easily outside the eu . 
  the uk has as much in common with india as it has with italy . 
  i think the statement `` belgians are paedophiles '' is n't racist ( not that i have ever heard anyone make such a statement . ), 
  a racist statement would be something like `` black people should not be able to become lawyers '' or even `` indians smell bad '' or something . 
  given that accusing someone of racism is serious ( and in the uk at least , race is a protected category against discrimination and racially motivated assault and so forth carries a much harsher criminal penalty than non racially aggravated assault ) i think it is important to be accurate about how this word is used . 
  as for belgians - well - we do like to tease you . 
  i think we 're not as mean as the french are ... 
  the source is the facebook page of the victim . 
  he claims that a weapon was used . 
  what is the object of discussion ? 
  surely it is the fact of the assault and the motives that are important . 
  whether the injury sustained was caused by a weapon or a fist is a detail rather than the bigger picture . 
  i do n't think bulgarian or romanian are words that describe ethnicities though . 
  they are nationalities . 
  ukip proposed immigration policy is to treat bulgarians and romanians in the same way as all other nationalities . 
  i agree that the ukip campaign has even unsavoury at times , though i do n't think any more so than that of the other parties and is do n't think it has been racist . 
  however , i would have preferred a less unsavoury campaign . 
  not winning a general election is n't of itself a reason to end a campaign . 
  people vote in general elections because of a range of concerns . 
  also , political campaigns can often take a number of electoral cycles in which the position of the electorate changes gradually . 
  when you wrote `` they do n't need to be in the eu '' and that they should not use their salary on their own campaigns , i thought your implication was that they have less right to the salary than euphile meps , which would be very undemocratic . 
  i apologise for implying that this was your view - i have seen it argued on here before . 
  i think they do need to be in the eu just because there is a large part of the electorate that is eusceptic that needs representation . 
  i 'm glad that you agree that ukip are just as entitled to the mep salary as euphiles are . 
  wanting the uk to leave the eu does not make someone less informed or less educated . 
  it just means you have a different political objective . 
  what do you think ukip should do about allegations of racism then ? 
  personally i think it is a good thing that their candidates represent the various ethnicities of modern britain . 
  i 'm not sure why you think his strategy for leaving the eu is wasteful and flawed . 
  but if you know of a better strategy , i would be interested in hearing it . 
   they do n't need to be in the eu to leave the eu . 
  it is up to the electorate to decide who the meps should be . 
  the electorate want ukip meps . 
  you might not like this system , but it is called democracy . 
  would you prefer that eusceptics had no representation ? 
   no eu salary required . 
  the salary comes from funds which all europeans contribute to . 
  so the salary should go to eusceptics just as much as it goes to euphiles . 
   how does being in the ep accelerate this process ? 
  by changing the debate in westminster . 
  i do n't think you can really claim that ukip are racist if they are actively trying to get people of different races in positions of power . 
  seriously - do you actually believe that farage is a fascist ? 
  all he wants to do is for the uk to leave the eu . 
  ukip use their salaries to campaign for the uk to leave the eu ( which is their primary objective ) . 
  once this is done , the uk can use the money for things like hospitals and paying off debt . 
   historically fascists are not elected by a majority of genuine fascists . 
  they are elected by those that honestly believe who they are voting for presents a better option . 
  [ i do n't think it makes sense to use `` fascist '' and `` ukip '' in the same sentence . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/ukip/10815151/nigel-farage-puts-ethnic-minority-ukip-candidates-centre-stage-in-bid-to-kill-racism-row.html ) this is a party that are trying to promote candidates from ethnic minorities and also trying to promote the uk 's links with the commonwealth . 
   maybe they should ask their electorate what to do with their paycheck if they are so concerned about that . 
  the electorate are not concerned by how ukip meps use their paycheck , which is why , tomorrow when the electorate are asked at the ballot box , so many of them will say ukip . 
   i 've heard ukip talk alot about how many hospitals they could build with all that money that goes to the eu . 
  well then build a hospital . 
  i 'm not understanding this point . 
  obviously not all the money that the uk pays to the eu goes into the hands ukip meps ? 
   they 're profiting from the european institution while harping on about how evil it is . 
  they get the money from the electorate/tax-payer , not the institution . 
  the money does n't just belong to euphiles . 
  it belongs to all europeans , some of whom are eusceptics . 
  you might not like this system , but it is called democracy . 
   if they were so dedicated they would sit in abstention and not get that money in the first place . 
  why ? 
  they should do what their electorate want . 
  their electorate do n't want them to sit in abstention . 
   my understanding is that the uk believes itself to be a country that can have an impact on the larger world . 
  this is n't really what the uk believes . 
  however , given the size of the uk economy , the uk 's soft power and brand , the uk 's position on the unsc and the uk 's nuclear capabilities and military , it is a reasonable belief . 
  the uk is n't a resource state or an appendage or a tax haven ( though as you have pointed out there are various different ways that a small or middle sized country can do fine outside the eu ) . 
  the uk is itself : a trading nation with links across the globe that will do just fine outside the eu . 
  as for the eu being a real power in the world ? 
  well - we will see . 
  i 'd like to see a strong eu , but currently it is n't moving in the right direction . 
   and who 'd be president ? 
  someone from ukip ? 
  ukip have said that they will not enter a group with france 's front national . 
  in that case i am not sure why the independent are reporting `` he believes the attack stemmed from his affiliation with ukip '' , unless they have some source in addition to that facebook post . 
  yes , i have encountered that position before . 
  i 'm not sure how it can be hypocritical though . 
  after all , the paycheck that the eu gives to meps comes from all voters ( be they euphile or eusceptic ) . 
  they decision over who gets the paycheck comes from the voters .
