  that is great . 
  i notice that you did not yet respond to my comment on the concept of equivalence in financial services regulation , 
   they can compete on a different level than farmers in densely populated europe can . 
  if they are better than us , why bother competing ? 
  we should focus on what we are better at . 
   eventually things will balance out there . 
  let the free market decide . 
  exactly this . 
  remove tariffs completely and food will end up being produced in a cheaper way . 
   wonder why they do n't use protectionist measurers themselves . 
  ( but i assume they 're pressured by us to open their markets to our products . ), 
  they are pressurised by us . 
  this is why i strongly hope that the uk removes all tariffs on imports from african countries . 
  free trade for africa is the best way it can emerge from poverty . 
  ( other than of course democracy . ), 
   large portions of agriculture industry is inherited and the owners have been running unsustainable businesses by being propped up by eu subsidies . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  continuing with these subsidies makes no sense whatsoever . 
  i am more that happy for your country to be in the eu and for the eu to exist . 
  i just do n't want the uk to be in the eu . 
   because they thought they would be giving 350m/wk to the nhs . 
  any citation on what voters thought ? 
  did you think that a vote to leave the eu was going to mean this ? 
  i certainly did n't . 
  the murdoch press was divided on brexit . 
  times was for remain , sun was for leave . 
   meanwhile your answer to these criticisms is just going straight to the old `` you must hate britain if you criticise this '' which is surely getting a bit old by now . 
  i have not said you hate the uk , however , i am a bit surprised you think most countries can survive outside the eu , but not the uk . 
   if you do n't , the market definitely does force you to buy shitty food because those calories are the cheapest . 
  this is currently the case , i agree . 
  i therefore propose to make food cheaper , by the uk removing all tariffs and subsidies . 
  to the extent that there are people who are too poor to feed themselves well , i think it is best to deal with that via the benefits system , rather than by tariffs and subsidies . 
   until there is a shortage , then the uk will only be served after those who actually produce food have eaten their fill . 
  what shortage are you thinking about ? 
  the world has got better and better at growing food at exponential rates . 
  food prices continue to fall globally . 
  we are only at the beginning of new technological revolutions making food even cheaper . 
   `` i support free trade '' and `` i support creating barriers for movement with the eu and the introduction of non-tariff barriers with the eu '' are mutually contradictory statements . 
  i do n't support creating non-tariff barriers with the eu . 
  i am essentially happy for anything that can legally be sold in the eu to be sold in the uk . 
   so you think the uk should allow eu citizens to work in the uk without barriers ? 
  i want the uk to increase immigration generally . 
  however , i do n't want to prioritise people on the basis of their nationality . 
  i want to prioritise people based on skills . 
  hahah - thanks for the comment and maybe i should think more carefully about my tone !, 
  the concept of companies being able to sue countries via courts exist in every free trade deal . 
  actually , some economists were pro leave . 
  any specific examples please ? 
  is most of the regulation you work to eu regulation ? 
  any specific examples that you can point me to ? 
  it was clear to me that cameron was bluffing . 
  vote leave specifically said that article 50 should not be triggered immediately and that planning should take place first . 
  i think economists should have modelled for that . 
  however , note that even post referendum predictions ( when it was known that the boe had intervened and that cameron had not triggered article 50 ) still made big mistakes in their predictions . 
  i think we will just about manage . 
  there are lots of countries in the world outside the eu that seem to cope . 
  which were stupid assumptions . 
  if people do n't like free trade , they can vote against it . 
  they include leavers and remainers . 
  if people do like free trade , they can vote for it . 
  they include leavers and remainers . 
  putting down tariffs is a free trade thing we can do now we are leaving the eu , not everyone will like it . 
  similarly , state intervention and state aid and more protectionist measures will be possible too . 
  brexit did not mean that democracy would stop happening and there would be no more choices . 
  i personally am in favour of free trade because i think it helps everyone . 
  i do n't know your views on this . 
  i know lots of people do not like free trade and with trump 's america , i think free traders like me need to argue louder . 
  what point are you trying to make ? 
  i am not saying that the uk did n't have an empire and i am also not saying it has not shaped our culture or was not an important part in our history . 
  that is great , lots of countries to trade with . 
  honestly , if you want to accuse me of obfuscating the truth and you want me to explain why i have n't , it would be helpful if you pointed to the specific example you are referring to . 
  your post seems to be saying two contradictory things ( i ) there is n't infrastructure in place for transport/logistics and ( ii ) that free trade would be a disaster for the uk . 
  they ca n't both be true . 
  unlike trump , i am not a protectionist . 
  the uk is not weak . 
  i 've talked about lots of other things too, 
  there has actually been some interesting comment by some political academics here considering why british people were happy to vote leave without a plan . 
  some people have said that british people are culturally relaxed about uncertainty . 
  others have theorised that brits simply trusted their own institutions ( which have been around for hundreds of years ) . 
  not only is the empire not really in anyone 's mind when it came to brexit , i think even mentioning it seems aimed at trying to annoy brits . 
  i am a bit reminded of some of those posters that went on about hitler to german posters during the eurozone crisis . 
  it seems an insane way to argue ... 
  i disagree . 
  it is clear that you do n't want mentally handicapped people to vote . 
  this is exactly what your plan is . 
  being able to vote is being part of civil society . 
  this is a claim by hilton rather than a claim by the evening standard . 
  i personally do n't find it very credible . 
  i mean , some murdoch papers even were on the remain side . 
  no - i am saying that lots of people on this sub , who tend to be very proeu , were very upset that the uk voted to leave the eu and they react with downvotes . 
  seems someone obvious . 
  i am surprised you disagree . 
  the source is not the evening standard , it is just reporting what someone else said , without claiming that it is true . 
  i would cut all tariffs on all imports from all african countries as a matter of principle . 
  i would let local governments and the free market create infrastructure . 
  i do n't work for an exim business , i am in a sector where i export and import a service . 
  the article is written by a remainer , not someone that voted leave . 
  the fact that uk farmers are not globally competitive is not a reason for us to subsidise them . 
  i do n't get subsidised in my job . 
  i compete .
