   you are forgetting that the government has made it clear that the norway model is out of the question . 
  the uk will neither be part of the eea ( like norway ) nor of the customs union . 
  if you read the link in my earlier post , you would see the answer to this . 
  the reason why there is no hard border between sweden and norway is not because they are both part of the eea but because they have passport free travel , via the schengen agreement . 
  ireland and the uk also have passport free travel between them , via the common travel area . 
   what i do n't understand is how are they going to avoid a hard border between south and north if the uk is going to leave the customs union ? 
  [ read the open europe report on this . 
  ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/intelligence/economic-policy-and-trade/nothing-to-declare-a-plan-for-uk-eu-trade-outside-the-customs-union/ ) the border will be as hard as the sweden / norway border . 
  not hard at all . 
  this is key negotiating objective of the uk and ireland . 
   that was problem was never resolved ( to this day ) , we blocked it and continued blocking it . 
  we never blocked it . 
  we repeatedly encouraged the others to integrate without us . 
  i noticed that this statistic got reported a lot on twitter and the like yesterday . 
  i wanted to know more about the methodology of the analysis ... 
  what are the duties that come with having immigrants ? 
  i thought you were saying immigrants are a benefit . 
  what negatives does your country get from immigrants ? 
  the uk has close connections with countries around the world . 
  this is undeniable . 
  it seems you hate this fact and hate the uk generally , so on that note i will end this conservation !, 
  have a great evening . 
  we already have close ties with you on key security issues and we are likely to have closer trading ties in the future too . 
  and of course we are all close on a range of diplomatic issues . 
  beyond this am not sure if we need to formalise relationships that already work very well . 
  i know , i just read the thread about romania having no friends in europe and how bulgaria and serbia and hungary etc are not good friendship material and then it occurred to me that the uk also currently has no friends in europe and just thought that this could be a great opportunity for a new and surprising entente ... ;-), 
  the swiss value their democracy and partly because of this are not going to part of a federal european union . 
  this kind of depends on the attitude of the negotiating partners and what their interests are . 
  but , again , what kind of concession are you expecting canada to want from the uk that the uk wo n't also want to give canada ? 
  the fact that culture does not align exactly with nations does not mean that there is not a correlation . 
  in the uk 's case , for example , countries that we are most culturally similar to not in the same continent as us ( other than ireland ) . 
  your belief in regional cultures but not national cultures seems really artificial . 
   there is a pretty good reason why the uk killed it dead multiple times uk wanted multi-speed europe . 
   with who though ? 
  help us sort out some stuff and you and we can be our own nordics . 
  i have probably mentioned to you before that i used to live in italy and it is still a country that is very close to my heart and i have a lot of italian friends in the uk as well as italy . 
  lots of italians do n't have confidence in italy , which is sad . 
  sometimes you need to hear it from outsiders - i personally still have huge confidence in italy , it still has an extraordinary potential and culture . 
  ok , you have screwed up some things in the last few years , but you are not finished . 
  the uk screwed up stuff in its history too . 
  let 's hope that the next generation is a fine one for the italian people and nation . 
   we have as much of a shared identity as the american founders had the american founders were overwhelmingly from the uk 's constitutional and democratic tradition . 
   the establishment of a federal and democratic european union choose either federal or democratic . 
  you ca n't have both . 
  that is after all the whole point of free trade . 
  both sides benefit from it . 
  this kind of thing proves that however much the french talk about outre-rhin , outre-pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es or outre-alpes , what they are really interested in is outre-manche , 
  yeah , in the last 20 years the italian brand has got weaker for example and the uk brand has got stronger . 
   what is `` made in the uk '' , i wonder . 
  this is what i am wondering too . 
  uk is best at stuff like financial and professional services . 
  it does n't really have a label ... 
   wont get free trade with other nations without concessions either the concession that we have to give from being able to freely trade with canada is that canada gets to freely trade with us . 
  i am fine with that concession . 
   even though you benefited a lot from cheap labor that originated from eastern europe . 
  the good news is that outside the eu we can still have immigration into the uk and benefit from what immigrants bring us . 
   it 's all of us together . 
  i am glad you are keen on countries working together . 
  this is why i am confident that the uk and the eu will have a great collaboration and free trade after brexit . 
  foolishly i was not consulted . 
  however , i can happily confirm that brexit will be good both for the uk economy and also the eu economy . 
   the city is really wonderful these days . 
  i agree . 
  i am fortunate enough to live just south of the city and work just north of it and walk through it twice each day . 
  i never tire of the funny little hidden away churches and squares and various buildings for historic guilds with the various ancient names of roads etc ( ave maria lane - paternoster square - old jewry - old bailey - cheapside ) all mixed in with things like the gherkin and the other glass towers . 
  this mixture of old and new is also a metaphor for the uk in my view . 
  it demonstrates a kind of continuous stability and also continuous reinvention . 
  i 'm not talking about a majority , but about a result which keeps merkel wearing the trousers . 
  i have been saying for a while that schulz is hype . 
  i might be wrong , but i am sticking by this . 
  my sense is that currently germans are feeling pretty conservative . 
  keep calm and vote for mutti . 
  i agree it is a shame , but countries like new zealand and singapore have governments that are really focused on ease of business . 
  we should copy some of their stuff . 
  those countries have already said they want to carry on existing arrangements with the uk . 
  however , if they are unhappy with current arrangements and want more trade , that sounds great to me . 
  uk will copy and paste the eu 's ftas with other countries . 
  mexico , switzerland , south korea and canada all are happy with that approach . 
  airbnb is what everyone does these days !, 
  get a part time job maybe ? 
  [ latest data up to feb 2017 is recorded here . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/amp.ft.com/content/d916f05e-fe89-11e6-8d8e-a5e3738f9ae4 ), 
   well , i do n't need to work for a bank to understand that without banking passport , london will be less attractive than it used to . 
  heck , it will completly reshape the european financial sector , leaving london out of it . 
  most financial services work does not rely on the mifid passport . 
   now maybe you can enlight me and explain me why dublin could n't become european 's next banking hub if you 're so aware on the subject . 
  dublin does not have the concentration of professional services and financial services expertise and does not really have a chance of getting them . 
   like what ? 
  what has the uk besides the city ? 
  agriculture and industry are in a bad shape , productivity and r&d are very low in the uk . 
  global language , soft power , strong democracy and rule of law , diplomatic and trading relations around the globe . 
   china would probably love it tho . 
  who else ? 
  japan ? 
  what make you think they want fta deals with you to beguin with ? 
  most countries want free trade as it makes them richer . 
   are just going to outsource what was left from britain 's industry and agriculture we started outsourcing our argriculture in the 1760s . 
  who cares ? 
  we become richer if we focus on our competitive advantage , which is not agriculture in the uk 's case . 
  what is the point of competing in agriculture ?
