  the difference in my mind is between anglo-saxon ideals and continental ideals . 
  it is illiberal for the government / police / criminal justice system to concern themselves with what people wear . 
  no , i am for equality before the law . 
  normal operation of british justice . 
   yup , hopefully this wo n't come here . 
  i fear it will . 
  actually , i do n't think we will get an equivalent law in the uk . 
  there does n't seem to be a mood among legislators ( or potential legislators ) in favour of this kind of thing . 
   i do n't want our values to include face covering , ever . 
  i think you 'll probably be fine . 
  :-) i also would n't want to be required to cover my face . 
  and just as this liberty that we currently have , to choose to walk freely in our own country dressed as we please is important , so it is also important that others can choose to dress in a different way . 
   for parts of the uk , parts of southern europe and bits of turkey it 's real . 
  nowhere in the uk is face-covering catching on generally . 
  it is only popular among muslim women . 
  nobody else is doing it . 
  since the majority of society in the uk is not muslim women , i am not sure why you are worried . 
   surely since we both agree that a faceless society is not desirable , it 's better for everyone if this is made clear , in law , lest people complain in years to come if it does become popular ? 
  no , just because something is not desirable , that does n't mean that there should be a law about it . 
  for example , i do n't think it is desirable that people can drink so much alcohol that they vomit . 
  but i would n't legislate against this , because ultimately that would be illiberal . 
   what 's wrong with codifying/solidifying our values ? 
  because values are subject to change , whereas it is harder to change laws . 
  if we need to legislate to protect a particular value , it probably is n't a popular value any more . 
  take a walk outside and look around you . 
  how many people can you see with covered faces ? 
  have a think about whether or not this is a real problem . 
   so you would just accept the face-covering movement . 
  there is n't a movement , so this whole argument strikes me as a ridiculous concern about a non-problem . 
  if there were a movement , i would argue against it , but not legislate against it . 
   this is why liberalism fails . 
  you seem to want it at all costs . 
  at any cost . 
  actually , i deliberately used the word `` liberty '' rather than `` liberalism '' . 
  liberalism is simply the value system which allows us to live in liberty . 
   france has a history of banning this stuff though . 
  they 've long had an ultra-secular culture . 
  if christians were wearing full head gear they would ban that too . 
  they do have a history of banning stuff . 
  however , the fact that they would apply the ban to christians too is not the issue . 
  the central issue for me is liberalism . 
  as a liberal , i prefer to live in a society where as little stuff as possible is banned , whether in the name of secularism or in any other name . 
   so if you thought it was catching on ; would you understand the desire of e.g. 
  the french government to ensure new arrivals and current citizens have safeguards in place , ensuring that certain desirable cultural values are kept ? 
  because ultimately liberty is too important a thing to give away . 
  liberty is of itself the supreme cultural value . 
  that 's why it really does n't make sense to take away people 's liberty in the name of cultural values . 
   wider society already enforces what we wear . 
  i do n't mind about social pressures , because ultimately i still have a choice about compliance . 
  there is a huge difference between a social pressure and a legal obligation . 
   in most cases you can get away with not following those rules , but do n't expect to get a job . 
  personally i would consider employing someone who wore a niqab for certain types of work but not other types of work . 
   france has the latter . 
  in the uk we have people who want freedom except for muslims . 
  france and the uk both have some illiberal crazies that want to stop people wearing particular clothes . 
  the uk and france are the same in this respect . 
  the difference is that france now has legislation stopping people wear niqabs in public , whereas the uk does n't . 
  of the two positions , the uk 's liberal position is the one i much prefer . 
  because she has already been found guilty of a crime , that 's why . 
  a bad day for liberalism . 
   so you 'd be happy if , on the rare chance , wearing a face covering caught on in the uk ; if you walked around and could n't see anyone 's face ? 
  you would desire this ? 
  a society of faceless people ? 
  no , i would n't be happy about this . 
  but i do n't think it is going to catch on . 
  i 'm more worried by the idea that the state thinks it can tell people what they can wear and will fine/imprison people that disagree with it . 
   do you agree with numberplates on cars ? 
  yes . 
   what about passport numbers ? 
  yes . 
   the whole body of legislation in the uk was formed with the expectation of of western norms . 
  legislation in the uk has a very different legal tradition from legislation in continental europe . 
  legislation in the uk stems from a belief that the individual should be protected from the excesses of the state . 
  forcing the individual to wear particular clothes is contrary to legislative tradition in the uk . 
   the act of doing the exact opposite of social , in the public . 
  and the implications of such anti-social behavior . 
  what are the implications ? 
  have you ever lived in areas where people wear niqabs ? 
  i have and i could n't see any implications that will be solved by this piece of legislation . 
   companies are not people . 
  companies have legal personality ( in that they can enter contracts , be sued , be guilty of corporate manslaughter and so forth ), 
   also there was a guy that fled prison in one to disguise his identity : and then he got caught again . 
  policy should not be made on the basis of one fugitive from justice who then did n't even manage to flee justice . 
   and i think that their right to wear what they want does not trump my right to the same courtesy that all other willing individual participants of social interaction have given me upon entering a public space . 
  this is why i do n't like `` rights '' based legislation . 
  everything ultimately comes down to competing rights . 
  a discussion of rights alone can not conclusively answer this kind of question . 
  however , ultimately , as a liberal and a believer in tolerance i am always surprised that some people think that their own `` right '' not to have to see someone wear a niqab is more important that someone else 's right to wear one . 
  it strikes me as profoundly illiberal . 
   i remember reading story on bbc about woman who got her face melted with acid by some other woman in jihab on the street given that in this case the relevant woman was prosecuted , it shows that law enforcement does work in relation to niqabs . 
   the law is not free to pursue people wearing masks . 
  it 's a massive hindrance if people regularly wear masks in public . 
  yes , but purpose of legislation is to respond to particular needs . 
  if there is n't a particular need to pursue people wearing niqabs , then there should n't be legislation preventing people from wearing them . 
  that 's why the onus is on you to show this evidence of there being a need . 
   why do we ensure that they can only wear miniature/blunt kirpans , when a fuller expression of their faith should mean they wear a full sized one ? 
  i 've actually no idea of what the legislation is here . 
  i 'm also not aware of any sikhs who want to wear full-sized knives . 
   it 's obvious that it 's perfect cover . 
  in which case , you should be able to find some citations very easily .
