  however , the uk is doing parallel negotiations in particular with south korea , switzerland , canada , mexico to preserve existing trade agreements and is also doing extensive work with australia , usa and new zealand in relation to new deals . 
  we have simply hired and trained new negotiators . 
   no , it is not , it is just that brexiteers tend to ignore a few important aspects of the law , or else several of the promises ( or most of them ) could n't be made that easily citation of any aspect of law that i have ignored . 
   and that a parallel-negotiation of the divorce and a new trade-deal is simply not possible without bending the law and ignoring the situation . 
  there is no legal impediment to the divorce and new trade deal being negotiated in parallel . 
   same with brexiteers vs. law-professionals . 
  do n't pretend that there is a conflict between being a law professional and being a brexiteer . 
  i am a law professional and a brexiteer . 
  it is entirely possible to want the uk to leave the eu and to campaign to do so and be a law professional . 
  it is not illegal to leave the eu or to not be in the eu . 
  then you should hope that catalonia is able to decide whether or not it becomes independent . 
  that is not the same as hoping it becomes independent . 
  that was the point i was making . 
  a totally unsurprising judgment and this is one of the reasons why english law is going to continue to be a governing law of choice for international finance and the bond market . 
  fortunately in the uk we are a democracy . 
  i know this concept is hard for the eu . 
  my question was not `` do you think they have the right to self-determination '' but `` do you hope they become independent '' . 
  those are two completely different questions . 
  in the uk this is not the case . 
  lawyers do not pick juries . 
  a scottish lawyer can correct me if i am wrong , but until 2015 a scots law governed contract could not be signed in counterparts . 
  like if a contract needed to be signed and the parties were not in the same place the contract needed to be mailed from one to the other . 
  under english law we have always allowed contracts to be signed electronically or for each party to print out the contract itself and sign . 
  happily they changed their rules , to reduce my stress ... 
   inckley point just because french people do n't say the `` h '' does n't mean that they do n't have to write it ... `` hinckley '' . 
  this is debated , but broadly those who argue that the common law make commerce more effective do so because : - common law has greater freedom of contract - common law has greater certainty - common law developed to reflect real situations rather than theory - common law can evolve to reflect changing business circumstances . 
  french judges can create new contract law precedents ? 
  any citation or examples of this ? 
   in my opinion , civil law incentivises politicians to draft laws systematically . 
  [ i think the opposite . 
  in the common law , interpretation of statute is more literal whereas in the civil law it can be more purposive . 
  in my view this makes the common law be more careful when it comes to drafting laws . 
  ] ( http://brooklynworks.brooklaw.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1321&amp;context=bjil ) this was one of the big things that the uk struggled with in the eu . 
  lawyers ( like me ) would argue that it is advantageous to the country as a whole and lawyers , because it makes commerce more effective . 
  the way of drafting contracts in the us is basically the same as the way we draft them in the uk . 
  they copied and pasted from us ;-), 
  yes , as someone who deals a lot with non-common law lawyers , i find the concept of `` consideration '' being the most difficult thing to explain ... 
  it does seem a bit of a weird concept . 
  for us we always find it a bit weird that continental systems have a doctrine of good faith in contract law . 
  this is not something that we feel very comfortable with , 
   the irish \\ common law lawyers probably argue that it 's impossible to do this and common law offers flexibility in that the judges can essentially create new president for unforseen circumstances and thus their system is more flexible . 
  there is a lot of truth in this . 
   also works the other way round . 
  you posess an item when it 's given to you even if you did not pay for it yet . 
  the common law is closer to germanic law here . 
  concepts of delivery and possession are strong indicators of transfers of ownership . 
  probably the same reason that english lawyers are attached to the common law . 
  we think it gives us an advantage commercially . 
  however , if i am wrong here about irish lawyers i would be interested to know ... 
   also , since the vote , opinion polling has suggested that the majority of the country are actually against brexit this is not the case . 
  all irish lawyers i know are pretty attached to the common law . 
   ... most on the continent would n't consider it `` overseas aid '' to pay into infrstructure funds for eg poland . 
  you can use whatever form of words you like , but it is still a use of financial resources being sent overseas to a poorer country . 
  i personally think that it makes sense for this to be spent on the poorest people . 
  i do n't care what words you want to use . 
   it 's nationalism versus globalism . 
  yes , i am a globalist in wanting aid to go to the poorest in the world , rather than rich countries . 
   what i 'm driving at is that you 've chosen the nation-state as the level to stop , which is completely arbitrary the nation state is not arbitrary . 
  it is also not nationalism . 
   i suspect it 's probably to protect european consumers from consuming food produced in countries with less stringent safety and quality standards ( while also promoting countries to adopt european standards ) . 
  [ no , it is protectionism , pure and simple . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/high-duties-keep-food-imports-from-poor-countries-out-of-europe/a-5127705 ) we should end it . 
   fair enough , but then surely england should n't subsidizie the other rich ( by global standards ) countries in the uk . 
  the uk has a currency union . 
  the only way that currency union can work is with massive fiscal transfers within it . 
   the eu already effectively does this . 
  it is better than it used to be , but not good enough . 
  for example , some processed foodstuffs from africa get eu tariffs on them . 
  the great thing about brexit is being able to remove these . 
   so you 'd be okay with an amount of money equivalent to the uk 's net contribution to the eu going to africa instead ? 
  yes , though what would be even better would be for the uk to reduce all tariffs on imports from africa and put in place comprehensive free trade deals with all african countries . 
   it comes down to nationalism versus globalism . 
  i 'm a dirty globalist , so i think the latter is far more noble than the former . 
  i am also a globalist , great . 
  this is why the uk should prioritise the poorest countries in the globe . 
  that is not any country in europe . 
  and that is why the uk 's foreign policy objective is to support membership of the eu for countries like bosnia etc and encourage the eu to continue to trade globally . 
  sounds like we are agreed . 
  yes , each country got a letter . 
  this afternoon the uk government is talking to each single country . 
   but the project was watered-down , if i 'm not wrong . 
  the project has really not had any momentum in recent years at all . 
  i would be surprised if it gets anywhere . 
  ireland will strongly object . 
   i 'm saying both are important , and pulling out of eu programs that help lessen disparities among the european nations is the wrong thing to do . 
  i disagree . 
  i do not see why the uk should pay money to countries that are economically developed . 
  those countries have their own governments to look after themselves , they will develop well economically if they are liberal democracies and open to global trade . 
  the situation with the truly poor in the world is completely different . 
  that is where solidarity is really needed . 
  however , a claim that the uk is not interested in solidarity , when the uk gives generously overseas and is a key player in european security and defence makes no sense . 
  hey thanks for the work of the moderation team ... !, 
  i 'd be surprised by that . 
  i think this is ireland 's own decision designed to protect irish interests . 
   working to elevate all european nations to a common level when it comes to prosperity is one of the pillars of european solidarity . 
  i can understand why some people want to prioritise europeans , but personally i think overseas aid should be based primarily on need . 
  i am not sure why european solidarity is somehow seen as more important than global solidarity . 
  for me it is more important to have solidarity with people that need it the most . 
  france is not going to require visas for british people to enter france . 
  i think this is because a lot of brits do n't mind aid going to the world 's poorest , who are truly needy .
