  in my mind national democracy is important so it is good that the uk stayed out of the euro . 
  english is not an official language in the uk . 
  the uk does not have official languages . 
  it is funny to think that english might have a higher legal status in sweden compared to the uk . 
  ireland is great advice ... maybe the euro will rise against the pound again ... 
  well , i think i am the proverbial man on the street ( or to use the common law concept , the `` man on the clapham omnibus '' ... ) and shared legal traditions is very important to me . 
  however , any shared free movement arrangement which does not include the entire world can be seen as xenophobic to some extent . 
  why is a free movement arrangement between eu countries that does not include africa not seem as xenophobic ? 
  the moment that we say it is acceptable to have borders anywhere in the world , the decision over where to put those borders becomes a question of who we want to include and who we want to exclude . 
  the eu and the anglosphere are just different lists of people , neither having a moral superiority . 
  yeah , dutchies are probably our closest friends on the continent , but even you do n't get us . 
  this is kind of why we need our anglobros . 
  competing with whom ? 
  nobody is suggesting that uk 's economy gets combined with canz , just as the uk 's economy is not combined with france 's . 
  why would it be xenophobic to have a cultural or economic preference for links to canzuk rather than eu ? 
  recruitment consultants generally charge employers not employees . 
  where are you looking for work ? 
  have you tried london ? 
  where are you planning on moving to otherwise ? 
  you have a degree in it and you do n't have work ? 
  this astonishes me ... 
  there are many many it jobs going in the uk ... maybe change your recruitment consultant ? 
  what is your degree field ? 
  not really . 
  you can vote for politicians that want do n't want anything to do with the ecb or imf etc. 
  in the uk we can ignore the ecb ... 
  it is a good time to come to the uk . 
  we have labour shortages in a lot of fields . 
  hahahaha how do you say `` uber meta '' in italiano ? 
   better a happy seperation than an unhappy marriage , right ? 
  agreed . 
  would you rather have a good neighbour or a bad tenant . . ? 
   no free movement of people would result in no free movement of goods , services and capital . 
  yes , i think it makes sense for the uk to leave the eu and create a new separate arrangement with the reu and individually negotiate a new trading arrangement . 
   but let 's do not exaggerate exaggerate = / = esagerare . 
  a better translation of * esagerare * is `` go to far '' . 
   but did i do wrong here ? 
  i did n't downvote you , but maybe mentioning `` switzerland '' was pretty unrealistic ? 
   would this affect those of us fortunate enough to not be british citizens ? 
  you ... ;-(, 
   i see most british people here saying they would pick this over eu ( if there would be a choice ) . 
  why ? 
  why do you guys think it will be better than the eu ? 
  honest question . 
  if i were designing from scratch an immigration policy for the uk , i would not favour any nation in the world other than ireland . 
  all other immigrants , from anywhere in the world whatsoever , i think should be considered on their merits ( points based system ) . 
  however , given a choice between free movement between canzuk and eu i would personally choose canzuk . 
  nothing against europeans , i just personally think anglobros are more similar to brits and they also have a similar standard of living to brits . 
  i think brits just trust anglos in a way that we do not completely trust europeans ( hence for really important things like defence and national security , our arrangements are with the 5 eyes and not with the eu ) . 
  we also happily share a head of state , a legal system , a language , a common heritage and we have many other shared cultural references . 
  separately , the concept of free movement within the eu is tied up partly with the eu project as a whole , which is bit by bit moving towards a federal eu state - `` ever closer union '' . 
  this will end up impacting british democracy . 
  i do n't see that kind of risk with an informal arrangement with anglos . 
   still the imf as a whole considers austerity the wrong policy prescription nowadays . 
  the imf were ambivalent about austerity even at the start , differently from the other legs of the institutions-formerly-known-as-the-troika-tm . 
  the purpose of the imf has been to rescue countries , not to rescue currencies . 
  in a classical imf rescue there is a restructuring of sovereign debt to put it on a sustainable footing , together with a currency devaluation ( rather than an internal-austerity-lead devaluation ) and this rescues the country . 
  in the case of greece there was really neither of these things . 
  for greece to remain in the eurozone , the imf 's rescue options for greece became incredibly limited to what the other eurozone institutions would conceed and that was just austerity . 
  i do n't think this is really an imf problem any more , the imf will become relevant in the case of a grexit . 
  if greece stays in the eurozone . 
  the problem is not technocratic , but political . 
  that 's why i think syriza need to continue to insist on negotiating with eurozone elected leaders , rather than technocrats . 
   i wonder if it 'd theoretically give french or german a new shot at being the language of the eu . 
  lol . 
  there would not be enough popcorn in the world to watch that debate ... 
  i think we know that lots of people like to come to the uk to work and visit . 
  i 'm personally not convinced that the uk makes a great retirement destination , given the high prices , the weather and so forth ... 
   although i think it would disproportionately benefit the uk as australia and new zealand are already popular tourist and retirement destination . 
  i think professionally many aussies and kiwis consider uk experience as an advantage for career progression in their home markets , whereas brits do n't think of the reverse to be true . 
  so perhaps it would balance out ... 
   call an englishman scottish and you wo n't hear the end of it . 
  actually , call an englishman scottish and he will be like , hey , that 's cute , actually i am not scottish as it happens . 
  but call a scotsman english and you might not get such a polite response !, 
   if you support this you must support the uk leaving the eu , which is more likely to happen than the eu allowing this while the uk remains a member of the eu , where can i sign ? 
   soulless technocrats the people responsible for creating technocrats with power are governments . 
  if you do n't like technocrats , you need to elect a government that takes power from technocrats and you need to do this via the ballot box , not by violence outside the ecb . 
  it seems odd to protest about the ecb . 
  the ecb are basically just technocrats , who have gone to the very edge of their legal mandate ( and arguably beyond ) to try and bring growth and jobs to the eurozone . 
  there is nothing further that the ecb can do . 
  with full-retard quantitative easing now in the pipeline , they are about to use their last available non-standard monetary policy tool left in their tool-box . 
  if you do n't like capitalism or do n't like austerity , the people to protest against are politicians and the best form of protesting is by voting . 
  i just can not get into my head why some people think violence outside the ecb is the answer to any question whatsoever . 
  this is worse than cyprus . 
  the currency controls in relation to cyprus were in the context of an agreement between cyprus and the rest of the eurozone , in the context of keeping cyprus in the euro at all costs . 
  in relation to greece , the discussion of currency controls is in the context of a continued stand-off between greece and the rest of the eurozone . 
  this is playing with fire ... 
  oh , very sorry to hear that you do n't have a reforming , business friendly government ... 
  thanks , this is interesting . 
  it might be the case that uber are in breach of current regulations . 
  in this circumstance , hopefully the government considers reforming the regulations . 
  it is always a shame when regulation inhibits new ideas ... 
  yeah , with brits we do n't even really understand the correct name for our country or our crazy constitutional arrangements and anachronisms that caused it all ... 
  i 'm really not someone that wanted the banks to be bailed out . 
  i think the uk should have done what iceland did and have a referendum on it . 
  however , i do n't think that generally in europe the banks were bailed out because bankers breached laws and this is why bankers have not been taken to court . 
  also , i do n't think we can equalize the behaviour of bankers with that of governments . 
  governments are uniquely capable of legislating and to the extent that bankers operated within the law in a regime that was not fit for purpose , that is ultimately the fault of governments . 
  similarly , to the extent that governements join currency unions , that have a no bail-out clause within them , ultimately leading to tragic consequences for many europeans as we are currently witnessing , this also strikes me as a fault of governments . 
  fortunately we still live in democracies , so that when our governments make mistakes we can get rid of them and elect new ones .
