  we voted on it . 
   their opportunities to live , work , and relate themselves with other europeans will be drastically reduced . 
  and so ? 
  italians are not more special than indonesians . 
  poles are not more special than peruvians . 
  lithuanians are not more special than liberians . 
   they could have drafted a proposal and asked for feedback from the government . 
  multiple people in various leave organisations did draft roadmaps and so forth . 
  there are many examples floating round the internet . 
  but they only have value as an academic exercise . 
  they do n't commit the government . 
   it could be that those were not actually lies , but warnings . 
  they all counted on cameron triggering art . 
  50 the very next morning . 
  those warnings might still come to pass when you eventually trigger it in march . 
  but , triggering article 50 without the uk government having a plan would have been a mistake . 
  naturally , the british people expect the government to put in place a plan first , and that is what it is doing . 
   in these past few months my salary has lost more than 10 % of its value , in something i had no voice on . 
  in the end , this is what matters to me , and you 'll excuse me for not being happy about the result . 
  your salary has only lost that much value if you do n't buy anything in sterling . 
  also , why on earth would you have a voice in the uk referendum on eu membership ? 
  i ca n't vote on the upcoming italian referendum . 
   that 's quite wrong - a britain that remained part of the eu would have objectively fewer trade barriers in place than a brexited britain will have . 
  not really , it depends of the policy of the uk government . 
  the uk government , out of the eu , could put in place a policy saying , for example that `` everything sold legally anywhere in the world can also be sold legally in the uk '' . 
  this would be a reduction in barriers . 
   i assume he divided it into leave , remain & nonvoters , and then combined the last two camps . 
  which is of course a dishonest way of looking at non-voters . 
  they ca n't be added to either the remain or leave category . 
  [ this is the full text of amber rudd 's speech ] ( https://www.politicshome.com/news/uk/home-affairs/immigration/news/79575/read-amber-rudds-full-2016-tory-conference-speech ) . 
  it is n't on any spectrum with the holocaust . 
   what about the other 63 % ? 
  where were they ? 
  why did n't they vote ? 
  your maths is wrong . 
  the turnout in the referendum was 72 % ( though likely to have been slightly higher due to the way voter registration works ) . 
  so it is not true to say that 63 % of voters did not vote . 
  it is n't to do with `` believe '' it is to do with there being a lack of evidence . 
  donations to political parties in the uk are , like in most countries , highly regulated . 
  there is no evidence that russians are behind political parties in the uk . 
   i do n't know if another holocaust will ever happen , but brexit looks like it wants to be a contender . 
  no , it does not look anything like the holocaust . 
  please try and get a grip on reality . 
   it is proven that russians fund a lot of far-right eurosceptic parties . 
  however , russians are not behind any political parties in the uk and were not behind the leave campaign in the uk . 
  alternative investment fund managers directive is hated over here . 
   and he spent it on the campaign group beleave , to sway young voters , apparently . 
  he actually had a very good campaign . 
  as someone who donated money to voteleave and met him a couple of times , i think it was money well-spent . 
   god how i hate the idea that brexit will make the uk part of a `` true global community '' . 
  i love this idea . 
   prepared to see trade barriers go back up uk is putting up any trade barriers . 
   you 'll be aware that undemocratic consequences have been achieved through democratic means . 
  yes , but the uk leaving the eu is not an example of this . 
  if the uk did not leave the eu after the referendum , that would be undemocratic . 
   i do n't think it 's inconceivable to say that the brexit result has also been heavily influenced by emotions , rather than facts . 
  at its heart the referendum question what about where we want sovereignty to lie . 
  this question is not one which can be answered by a fact . 
  it is simply a preference . 
  you may want brussels to have ultimate sovereignty , i may prefer it to be westminster . 
  neither of us here reached that view through facts . 
   i feel that leaving the eu is on `` the wrong side of history '' as it undoes decades of integration . 
  i think it is on the right side of history . 
  it reinforces the idea that in case of a disagreement between government and people it is the people that prevail . 
  it reinforces the idea that a government must be answerable to people . 
  this enhances democracy . 
   i have no doubts , however , that someday the next generations will realise the mistake of their ancestors . 
  i find this a bit unlikely if we look at the actual examples of countries that have rejected eu membership . 
  the current generation of norwegians and swedes have no regrets that previous generations of norwegians and swedes rejected the eu . 
  i do n't think the uk will be different from them . 
   the leave campaign should have come up with a plan , together with the government , to draft an outline of the uk negotiating stance . 
  the people responsible for taking executive actions in our democracy is the government , elected by the people . 
  the government are answerable to the people in an election , not the leave campaign . 
  the leave campaign have not been elected to represent us and have no authority or ability to execute any plan . 
  the reason why the leave campaign did not put in place a detailed plan was because to do so would have been dishonest - it would have implied that they had the ability to do something ( execute a plan ) that they had no ability to do . 
  what is good is that the government includes people from both the leave side and the remain side and are putting together a plan . 
  the conservatives are being sensible here . 
  they are no longer talking about leavers and remainers , because we have already had the referendum and decided a course of action . 
  the entire government now believes in `` leave '' , because that is the instruction that the people have given them . 
   instead , leavers sold the poeple lies and an illusion . 
  no - the remain side made lots of lies . 
  remember the punishment budget ? 
  article 50 being triggered the next day ? 
  cameron not resigning ? 
  the recession ? 
  all of these things turned out to be lies . 
   some of us would like to live in a world where people are considered at least as free as money or wares , it 's a good principle . 
  virtually nobody wants to live in a world where there are no immigration restrictions at all . 
  the relevant question is simply what level of immigration restrictions there should be . 
  thanks . 
  i guess i was aware that there were a list of alternates , but wondered if there was a specific process about what would happen if none of the named alternates were still available to take up the seat ( could quite easily happen a couple of years after the election if people had different jobs etc ) . 
  i assume that in this circumstance the relevant party could just name someone , but have n't checked . 
   britain basically gave us and the eu the middle finger and now most of us want to see them fail or get punished by the eu . 
  i love germany and the rest of europe . 
  i voted to leave the eu . 
  i understand that some people in continental europe feel pretty upset by this , but in the long run it is better for everyone . 
  for a while you might want to see us fail or get punished , but in the long-run that feeling will go away , i predict . 
  the things that you used to like about the uk have not changed . 
  we are the same people that we were before the referendum . 
   i 'd be amazed if you could find anyone who voted leave to no longer be represented by ukip in the european parliament .
