  i see think think this can be a purely geman-polish arrangement . 
  no need for anyone else to be involved . 
   sounds weird he did not talk about this with poland first ... 
  it is good to keep the poles on their toes about this kind of thing , no ? 
  there 's no fun if you check with them first and we know that they will be cool about it . 
  they love us really !, 
   do you have any data to back your last point ? 
  i doubt that . 
  [ yes , here is the data from eurostat . 
  ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=lfsi_emp_q&amp;lang=en ) between q1 2012 and q12014 ( most recent figures ) the uk created 1.123 million jobs . 
  in the same period the eu as a whole ( including the uk ) created 0.141 million jobs . 
  if you remove the uk figures from the eu total it shows that the rest of the eu lost almost a million jobs in the last two years while the uk gained more than a million jobs . 
  pretty frightening stuff , no ? 
   economic situation in continetal europe clearly shows that transfer of industry to china caused huge economic problems . 
  china can do industry cheaper than europe can . 
  it is much harder for china to do services cheaper than europe can . 
  do you want to let me know what makes you think that the uk and the usa governments are deliberately publishing false economic data ? 
   it 's probably not worth the effort of getting rid of constitutional monarchs , but if anyone was starting a state from scratch these days , they 'd not use the hereditary principle to select their head of state . 
  i agree with you in relation to new states . 
  however , in relation to existing states changing a system that works to create another system that wo n't necessarily be better is also inherently a bit stupid . 
  why not ? 
  the uk is solving its unemployment problem by creating far more jobs in the services sector , and many people from the rest of europe are moving to the uk to work in services . 
   there \u00b4 s also the possibility of manipulation of the indicators by the governments , meaning that situation in the real economy can be worst than that portrayed by the numbers . 
  conspiracy much ? 
  services is the future , no ? 
  as the world gets richer , the amount of money that people spend on services relative to other products increases . 
  how would you have voted in that referendum ? 
   manufacturers will leave anyways because they produce for the common market and not just for a tiny island nation . 
  the tiny island nation is the rest of the eu 's largest export market - and has a significant trade surpluss with the rest of the eu . 
  i expect you will want to keep being able to export to the uk . 
   you are on your way to a sweatshop economy , but that is what your leaders want anyways . 
  as you know , in the last two years this sweatshop economy in the uk created significantly more new jobs than the economies of germany , italy , france , netherlands , spain , portugal , greece , belgium , luxembourg , sweden , denmark , finland , poland , slovakia , czech , hungary , romania , bulgaria , croatioa , lativia , lithuania , estonia , malta , ireland , austria and cyprus added together , which is why in their hundreds of thousands people left the rest of the eu to come and work in the uk . 
  this kind of thing is why you are so frightened of the uk leaving . 
  which multinationals ? 
  the same ones that said that they would leave if we did n't join the euro ? 
  referring to the continent as europe has just been how the english language has worked for centuries . 
  i do n't think this does imply superiority . 
  these things that it is so hard to put your finger on sound more like your own inferiority complex to me . 
  ok - why do you think the uk is arrogant ? 
  wanting to leave the eu is not arrogant . 
  as is clear from my comment , it is just one factor among many others . 
  there is n't any arrogance about europe thanks . 
  it is pretty interesting seeing those comments of yours . 
  seems like you hate britain . 
  which country are you from ? 
  currently it looks like the eurozone economy is the one that is tanking , not the british economy . 
  companies base offices in jurisdictions for a whole host of reasons : tax rate , legal system , employment regulations , labour costs , location of materials , location of customers , price of real estate etc. 
  the uk will stay a great destination for companies . 
  i do n't think multinationals would stampede to leave the uk . 
  there are lots of multinationals in other countries not in the eu , like japan , south korea , singapore , hong kong , australia , new zealand , canada , switzerland ... 
  if those countries can do great outside the eu , so can the uk . 
  i 'm not sure if i am really the right person to ask , but here are my thoughts . 
  i think the implementation of the euro was wrong , as i think it was an attempt to use economics to create a political europe that was not there . 
  i think in retrospect this was the wrong order . 
  i think it would have made more sense to create the political europe first , and to do this more slowly , with the direct consent of the people , via referendums . 
  i think the political requirements for the euro to exist include mainly : ( 1 ) a commitment by the south to reform labour laws , cut deficits and so forth . 
  they need to be committed to this with oversight from outside . 
  ( 2 ) a commitment by the north to making vast ( and probably permanent ) transfers of money to the south , and essentially guarantee the debts of the south . 
  i think without these two commitments and consent to these commitments from the people via referendums , i would not have created the euro . 
  i think in the case of the uk , the reality is ( for a range of historical reasons ) you would never have got the consent of the people , so i do not think the uk would ever have been part of it . 
  i also think it would have been hard to get the swedes and danes on board . 
  i think this creates a very difficult tension within the eu - i therefore think those non-euro states should have left the union ( and perhaps got some kind of associate status ) . 
  i think it would have been possible to get the consent from the peoples of most other states , but i think in the case of the netherlands , germany and austria they might not have given their consent to permanent transfers of wealth . 
  i also am not sure how the french would have voted . 
  perhaps i am asking too much ? 
  however , i think that the current situation will not be able to continue for ever . 
  we already got some somewhat extreme results in some european elections and those of the member states . 
  i think if the crisis is not resolved soon the politics will start to get very difficult . 
  why are they so desperate to leave france and get to the uk ? 
  are things that bad over there these days ? 
  so your parents have russian citizenship and you want to bring them to the uk ? 
  i think you need to take estonia to the echr and not the uk . 
  it is not the uk 's fault that estonia does not give them citizenship . 
  happy with the choice ? 
  though their government is worried by the high levels of emigration . 
  some went back . 
  huge numbers will never go back . 
  i should n't have used `` more '' with reference to italy . 
  tho the person i was responding to was suggesting a fund which would have involved transfers from the uk to italy ( uk is a massive receiver of italian graduates ) . 
  i think this is extremely unlikely . 
   we 're hoping for this since we joined the euro !, 
  i think you are answering the question . 
  how has growth been since the euro in portugal and how has it been before the euro ? 
   as long as europe stays stagnant , so will we . 
  not all of europe is stagnant : uk , switzerland , sweden , norway , poland are doing great . 
  ( not in the euro . ), 
  now i feel bad ;-( maybe the uk should give a bilateral fund to portugal , but only because of the anglo-portuguese alliance . 
  we definitely wo n't give anything more to italy , spain or greece ... 
  i do n't know much about physics , but i think you should keep trying in the energy/shale gas sector . 
  however , i think you can also work in a different sector in the meantime ( and this will help you earn and avoid a cv gap ) and consider changing location to do that . 
  ( i know it sounds hard to move without a job or money , but many people do this - arriving in london with just a suitcase and broken english - finding work relatively quickly ) . 
  the job figures are very good indeed - more than a million new jobs created in the last two years in the uk ( more than the rest of the eu put together ) . 
  perhaps move to a different area ( geographically and professionally ) ? 
   they would if we stopped `` producing '' excess college graduates , then you would need to shove money to get the `` brain '' that your economy needs to grow . 
  we can just get them from somewhere else , like australia , new zealand , india , china ... 
  there is n't a shortage of people wanting to move to the uk . 
   the rest should be paid by a euro fund where countries that receive `` brains '' should at least pay for the education of them . 
  northern europe is never going to pay for this . 
  we already think the eu budget is too big and want to cut it . 
   but how do you do that when germany needs one interest rate , and southern europe needs another ?
