   they 're not a good thing for france specifically . 
  decisions that are too important for a country 's future ( we definitely without a doubt benefit from being in the eu ) should n't be made by the public which is massively ignorant and painfully stupid . 
  democracy should have its limits in my opinion . 
  why is france specific here ? 
  did you think , for example , that scotland should not have had a referendum on independence ? 
  what , really , is the difference ? 
  if we think that the public are competent to vote in elections , personally i think the public are competentent also to vote on important decisions . 
  elections are after all important decisions . 
  what 's wrong with a referendum on leaving the eu ? 
  that strikes me as a good thing , however you would choose to vote . 
  i guess it comes down to whether or not you think that referendums are a good thing or not . 
  from recent experience in the uk ( e.g. 
  scottish independence referendum ) i think they are a good thing . 
   i think the large quintile is intentional to catch all the areas , some places probably have much higher unemployment than another place very place close by . 
  the rate is per constituency . 
  the fifth quintile includes constituencies that have a rate of 4.2 % and a rate of 12.2 % . 
  there is an incredibly large economic disparity between places with 4.2 % unemployment rate and places with a 12.2 % unemployment rate and giving them the same colour is therefore somewhat misleading . 
  not a very helpful map as the 4.2 to 12.2 quintile is too big a range ... 
   about that . 
  was n't one of the british arguments again eu army that rest of eu would n't want to intervene in case of invaded falklands ? 
  no , this is not a british reason for being against an eu army . 
  britain 's position is that a united eu army is not needed , would involve a massive transfer of sovereignty , there is no single eu foreign policy and so forth . 
  i think your analysis is correct . 
  post-colonial legacies are for individual nations to sort ... 
  godfrey bloom 's comments were very controversial in the uk . 
  he was forced to apologize for them and ultimately they caused ukip to remove him . 
  did godfrey bloom make the news in germany ? 
  i would have thought that any germans who knew about godfrey bloom would be sufficiently well aware of uk politics generally to know thay ukip are not far right . 
   would n't all of nato step in on the side of britain though ? 
  it would n't be a nato concern as the falklands are not in the north atlantic , but i suspect most of the uk 's allies would support the uk in some or other way . 
   if you 're from a country without a significant populist right-wing force in politics you 're not used to the way these people speak and it 's easy to overestimate their radicalism . 
  which country ? 
  there are few european countries that do n't have populist right wing forces in politics of some or other flavour . 
  i do n't think ukip even sound very radical in their rhetoric ... 
   margaret thatcher said that the falklands are `` british sovereign territory '' [ british soverign territory is a different thing from the uk . 
  the falklands are under the sovereignty of the uk without being part of it . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_overseas_territories ), 
  technically the falklands are not part of the uk . 
  they are a british overseas territory . 
  the do n't vote in uk elections or pay taxes to the uk and the uk government has no control over their laws . 
  the uk just looks after their defence . 
  the uk position is that they have a right of self-determination . 
   in terms of party policies it certainly is not part of any '' extreme `` right , it can however appear so from a non-british perspective . 
  i do n't think any non-british person who actually looked closely at ukip policies would be able to conclude that it is `` extreme '' right . 
  so i am not sure what you mean by `` appear '' here ... 
   even in the eurozone it is largely due to oil prices actually . 
  at least at this moment . 
  the ecb might be basing its decision on a judgement of future developments . 
  [ my reading of various speeches from ecb has been that current low inflation in the eurozone is significantly more worrying than just temporary lower oil prices ... ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/key/date/2015/html/sp150212.en.html ), 
   `` according to me '' ?? 
  so you deny that there is ? 
  no , i do n't deny that there is a far right in existence . 
  i 'm not the one that indicates that there is only a populist right . 
  i 'm just showing you that even you do n't believe the b/s you write . 
   as if there was another right . 
  according to you there is also the far right . 
  i think most of the french overseas territories are technically `` outermost regions '' of the eu and thus fully part of a member state and therefore article 42 ( 7 ) of the lisbon treaty would apply to them in the same way it applies to france generally . 
  i 'm not sure about the dutch regions . 
  i also think that of these territories , the only one really at risk has always been the falklands , so i do n't think politically the netherlands and france have much to gain from this . 
  in the event of an argentine invasion i hope that the uk could handle it alone , but i think that dutch , french and other allies would likely provide assistance / intelligence etc if the uk needed it , outside the context of a formal treaty ... 
   i 'd imagine it would n't apply but i 'm not entirely sure of the status of the falklands islands within the eu . 
  the terms of 42 ( 7 ) lisbon are considerably weaker than v nato in terms of conferring an obligation . 
  the falkands are completely outside the definition of member state , so i think entirely unaffected by 42 ( 7 ) lisbon . 
   good stuff , thanks gents . 
  more than welcome , though i am at the stage now where i am wondering if there is more that the uk should be doing . 
   i lived in the aftershocks and even that was freaking weird . 
  you western europeans really have no idea how shitty life can honestly be in a relatively modern country . 
  it was no africa level of poverty , but it was a shame to the european continent :p if you can call me a western european , does that mean i can call you an eastern european ?!, 
  surely we ca n't all be central europeans now ... 
  i 'd be interested in anything you write about the weird post-soviet aftershocks , so feel free to write them !, 
   it was no africa level of poverty , but it was a shame to the european continent :p personally i do n't think we should think of things being a greater or lesser shame because they happen in europe or africa ... 
  many of the awful regimes in other parts of the world are still a shame to this day ... :-(, 
   there 's a polish movie i watched called `` mis '' , basically a pisstake on soviet times , but half the jokes were incomprehensible to me as a foreigner and it took people that lived through communism ( or whose parents had ) to explain the jokes and how it created such a bizarre and crazy world . 
  i agree that for people that have essentially lived most of their lives in the democratic west the only way of trying to understand the reality life the other side of the iron curtain is through things like literature and film and crazy left over architecture and the crazy anecdotes that we can encounter through friends or on reddit etc. 
  [ anyway , that 's what i gather thru reading the lats and the lits on reddit ... ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2xvv9n/lithuanian_politics_stirring_the_pot/cp3yai0 ), 
   what assholes !, 
  they could not instead send troops to ukraine or mali , rather than again going to fuck the shit up at the other end of the world ? 
  the uk has sent `` military advisors '' to ukraine . 
  they are part of the populist right , but and are broadly fiscally similar to labour and the conservatives . 
  there is almost no far-right in the uk . 
  edit - why the downvotes ? 
  do people think there is a far-right in the uk ? 
  [ it has been widely reported that support for the far-right in the uk is at historical low . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/jan/14/support-british-far-right-groups-20-year-low-bnp-edl ) the far-right in the uk have zero electoral impact and zero electoral power . 
   i really think that any statistic , be it gnp per capita or ppp , is unreliable , because back in communist times , it was unacceptable for any economic entity to not hit its target ... he had to contact anyone who reported losses and tell them that they had to correct their numbers . 
  every time i read anything about soviet / warsaw pact life my mind is just blown away . 
  i just ca n't even imagine living in that kind of craziness , it sounds like a novel rather than real life . 
  in addition to sounding extremely cruel , it all sounds just fundamentally weird . 
   could someone explain what the differences are between deflation in the uk and deflation in the eurozone ? 
  if the uk falls into long-term deflation , then that is bad for the uk too and people will start getting very worried about it . 
  from what i can gather most economists think that the uk is not at risk of this , mainly because the current inflation rate is to with external factors like global oil and food prices , which have a `` once off '' impact , rather than because of some underlying economic concern . 
  i think inflation has been lower in the eurozone for longer , and is not just attributable to oil and food prices , which is why the ecb has launched its qe programme . 
   is this just bias , or is there actually some fundamental difference here ( such as uk having more control over currency or something ) ? 
  i think there are other fundamental differences , for example the uk now has low inflation at a time of low unemployment and high economic growth , whereas many parts of the eurozone now have deflation at a time of high unemployment and low economic growth ( i.e. 
  stagflation ) , so there is arguably less risk that consumption will go down in the uk . 
  the bank of england 's mandate is also different from the ecb 's mandate : the bank of england 's goal of price stability does not overide the uk governments economic objectives for growth and employment in the same way that the ecb 's mandate does . 
  the uk also has other economic levers at its disposal , like maintaining a higher budget deficit or allowing the value of the pound to rise and fall or change interest rates in a way that eurozone member states ca n't . 
  edit - i 'm not an economist , so perhaps others can correct me or offer better analysis !, 
  no , nato v says :  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them ** in europe or north america ** shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  any such armed attack and all measures taken as a result thereof shall immediately be reported to the security council .
