   p.s. 
  downvoting me wont change a damn thing about globalization and the fact that no person in the west has a legitimate claim on wealth . 
  these points might be true , but they are a strawman . 
  the have absolutely nothing to do with the original post . 
  your block capitals is a somewhat agressive suggestion that the original poster feels some sense of entitlement . 
  there is nothing in the original post to suggest that . 
   the eu finds itself in front of the choice between federation and non-existence ? 
  i do n't think this is really the choice . 
  the choice , in my mind , is a federal eu without the uk or non-federal eu with the uk . 
  under normal circumstances i would be supporting portugal over germany , what with portugal being the underdogs and [ england and portugal being allies since the fourteenth century ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-portuguese_alliance ) however , my brother made the very good point that the presence of a certain cristiano nullifies all other considerations and should be more than enough to make us support the germans ... 
  we do say it sometimes , but it is considered an americanism . 
  even the way you use `` yeah '' rather than `` yes '' is a bit of an americanism in my mind ... 
  i 'm not seeing the brits on this thread get singaporean ... singaporean english sounds more usanian than most other eastern hemisphere forms of english . 
  personally i do n't like the sound of it ... 
  i would never say `` on the weekend '' or `` in the hospital '' . 
  this is instant give away of americanism as far as i am concerned ... 
  in british english , read chemistry and study chemistry are not exactly the same . 
  read chemistry means study it at undergraduate level . 
  study chemistry is generic at any level . 
  top three guesses : 1 . 
  english ( england ) 2 . 
  english ( scotland ) 3 . 
  english ( wales ) guesses for your native first language : 1 . 
  english 2 . 
  german 3 . 
  hungarian this is accurate for me . 
  i could kind of tell during the test which answers worked for which dialects etc. ... 
   i agree that it 's not ideal , but in my opinion it 's a side-effect of meps being able to vote with their conscience rather than party whipping or politicking . 
  in the uk , mps frequently vote on matters of conscience and are not whipped . 
  however , these votes are not secret . 
  ( i 'm not sure what you mean by `` politicking '' here . ), 
  even if you think that meps should not be whipped into supporting a particular candidate ( and i see some merit in this view ) surely you think that it is in the public interest to know how meps vote on this matter and that this vastly trumps any need for secrecy ? 
   so basically you do n't have a point or opinion on it at all and just felt like stating the obvious ? 
  no , i do have a point . 
  i was responding to someone who implied that cameron and juncker had equivalent democratic legitimacy . 
  my point is that they do n't have equivalent democratic legitimacy . 
  this is a point . 
  i agree , this should be obvious , but i was responding to a poster who did n't appear to have recognised it . 
  it still is n't clear to me whether or not you agree with my point . 
   `` an argument for picking juncker would be that people had heard of him . '', 
  but how many people heard of him does n't matter a damn thing ? 
  you 're totally opinion-less on that ? 
  all right . 
  of course , someone elected on the basis that more people have heard of him has greater democratic legitimacy than someone who fewer people have heard of him . 
  i am surprised that you seem to disagree with this point . 
  when elected representatives have plausible deniability to the electorate because of secret votes , that is a bad thing not a good thing . 
   i think it 's a matter of the lesser of evils for the labour party . 
  i ca n't see them opposing him if it came down to a vote . 
  unfortunately the vote is a secret one , so we wo n't ever know for certain . 
  i can see them opposing him . 
  this is the labour party who is suddently losing support to ukip and who face losing the next general election . 
  i expect we will suddenly start seeing increased euscepticism in the labour party . 
   i 'm not so sure that turnout should necessarily really factor in to the decision . 
  the turnout is relevant factor because democratic legitimacy comes partly through electorate participation . 
  someone elected with a higher turnout therefore has , other things being equal , greater democratic legitimacy than someone elected on a lower turnout . 
  i therefore think this should be a factor . 
   most people think that the way the eu works is the same as it was 10/15/20 years ago . 
  the fact that other than you , me and a few other anoraks on here nobody understands how the eu works is an argument for fewer powers for the eu rather than more though . 
   if there 's absolutely no tiping point for you then why come in and use it as an argument to differentiate cameron & junckers position in their respective parliaments ? 
  my view is that cameron has greater democratic legitimacy in his parliament than juncker , by virtue of the greater turn-out and the fact that the voters in the uk parliament at the time of voting knew who cameron was . 
  i 'm not sure why you think that this view requires me to say there is some kind of tipping point . 
  a tipping point for what exactly ? 
   the first proposal should be more or less a formality , but what happens after that is definitely at the council 's discretion . 
  i understand that this might be what you want , but it does n't have any relation to what is currently written in the treaty . 
  when you write `` should '' here , you seem to mean `` i would like '' . 
  and i might therefore just as well write `` should n't '' . 
   because the council has to take parliament 's reaction/opinion in to account . 
  parliament just has to elect or not . 
  the council has no formal requirement to take into account the parliament 's recation or opinion . 
  as a matter of political reality it will . 
  however , i might just as well argue that the council is free to propose who it wants . 
  the parliament is limited in only considering who the council proposes . 
   not really . 
  not endorsing him is different from opposing him . 
  almost every thing in the labour party statement about opposing juncker applies equally to schulz though . 
  not endorsing schulz was quite a significant step by the labour party . 
  i expect that politically they would want to oppose schulz , given the mood in the country and the arguments ukip would make if they supported him . 
   it should air things that are in the public interest , not just what 's interesting to the public . 
  the public interest and what the public are interested in are both factors . 
  however , i am not sure that broadcasting the debates between the spiztzenkandidaten is really in the public interest . 
  now we can have endless discussions about what defines `` a people '' or is there an international definition you can cite ? 
  endless discussions do take place about this . 
  however , the fact that there is not an international definition that everyone accepts , does not invalidate the concept that a people should have a right to self-determination . 
   all right give me a damn percentage then . 
  how much is needed ? 
  dude , a lot of political science and law does not involve exact definitions and exact percentages i 'm afraid . 
  this is not maths of physics . 
  concepts like democracy are up for debate . 
  there is a sliding scale of democratic legitimacy and a whole area of grey between the black and white . 
  just because i take the view that public interest is important as to the question of democratic legitimacy , this does n't mean that i need to give you a `` damn percentage '' . 
   how old are the mandates of the respective heads of government and state represented in the european council ? 
  cameron , for instance , was elected more than 4 years ago . 
  some are older than others , and i agree this is a relevant factor . 
  however , the fact that the european parliament has a newer mandate is indicative rather than conclusive as to democratic legitimacy . 
   actually , i think it is a purely pragmatic reason for picking juncker - while there was barely any coverage of the spitzenkandidaten - or indeed much competition for the role of spitzenkandidat in the respective parties - if a spitzenkandidat is chosen as commission president then there will be competition and coverage in 2018/2019 . 
  i understand this argument , but i do n't think it is necessarily the case that there will be more competition and coverage in 2018/2019 . 
  and i do n't take the view that it would necessarily be a good thing either . 
  so this `` pragmatic '' argument only makes sense if your starting position is that greater integration is a good thing . 
  that 's not my starting position . 
   ( also apologies for spamming replies to you , you 're one of the very few offering proper debate on the subject on the other side of the argument to me ) hahaha !,
