  a country can prosper outside the eu and outside the euro . 
  the uk does fine with the pound . 
  so does sweden with the krona . 
  beer ? 
  if ukip top the poll then it is champagne for everyone round here . 
  switzerland seems to do fine outside the union and with the franc ? 
  why not france too ? 
  agreed , i was just translating the word protestwahl rather than saying it was a protestwahl . 
  uk tv also did n't broadcast the debate for president . 
  but then , nobody in the uk is interested in who the commission president is / what she does etc. 
  so maybe this is normal ? 
  the very good news is that the far right will likely lose their two meps in the uk . 
  the really interesting thing in my mind is what ump do now . 
  i guess they are assuming that they do n't need to do anything but sit back and get into the second round at the next presidential elections and then defeat fn in the final ( like the chirac / j-m le pen final from way back when ) ? 
  or will they become more eusceptic ? 
  it is a kick in the ass , but maybe it is n't asking for more reforms from the proeu parties . 
  maybe it is asking for fewer reforms ? 
  in english we say `` protest vote '' for this concept . 
  many thanks for the detailed answer . 
  a somewhat similar thing is about to happen outremanche to your meilleurs ennemis , if ukip win big . 
  there will be significant implications for labour , conservatives and lib dems . 
  uk politics is ironically becoming more european !, 
  many thanks . 
  what are the implications of this for french domestic politics ? 
  how has hollande explained this awful result for him ? 
  is this a prediction ? 
  or is this an exit poll ? 
  racist ?!, 
  what do you mean ? 
  uk has said that they ca n't release any data until all the polls across the eu have closed . 
  uk tv coverage begins at 22:00 ( central european time ) . 
  there is an interesting uk political outcome of these elections in that if the liberal democrats do very badly ( behind the greens or no seats ) then nick clegg the deputy prime minister might be forced to resign . 
  thanks very much . 
  any predictions for what will happen in romania ? 
  haha !, 
  those lazy germans not wanting to vote in the evenings ;-) i heard that they can start the announcements at 22:00 british summer time ( 23:00 central european time ) so i guess that is when all the polls have closed . 
  unofficial so far , but it sounds like turnout is higher in the uk than in previous years . 
  not surprising given that europe is a big political issue for us right now, 
  even for a uk national ? 
  have the polls closed already ? 
  edit - thanks to those who responded . 
  in the uk polls never close before 22:00 . 
  i guess because we always have elections on a day when most people are working :-), 
  britain 's labour party is not proeuro and is not pro socialism . 
  this is one of the reasons the uk did not join the euro . 
  we wanted to stay in control of our own monetary policy . 
  many thanks for the response . 
  when i wrote `` anti-euro '' i was more referring to the single currency in particular , rather than euscepticism generally . 
  i was curious to know if wanting the lira back had any real backing in italy or not . 
  serious question : why are people voting for him then ? 
  how strong is anti-euro feeling in italy ? 
  which is the biggest piazza in italy ? 
  or is piazza del duomo in milano bigger ? 
  i guess the vatican piazza can get 100s of thousands ... :-), 
  i guess we will find out tonight how significant this story is !, 
  i know better than to make predictions about italian politics . 
  i think the correct translation would be `` folk thing '' . 
  we already have the word `` folk '' in english which is actually a nice word and , as a germanic word , speaks directly to our hearts much more than `` people '' . 
  it should n't be too hard to learn danish !, 
  the school has a lot of freedom about what history they want to teach and many make different choices . 
  if the uk government finds it difficult to control the history that is taught in british schools , how is the eu going to manage this ? 
  i think your idea is interesting , but i do n't see it being realistic . 
  in the uk for example there is no national history curriculum and individual schools have a lot of freedom to teach whatever history periods from whatever nations they like . 
  in my view the consequence of the huge amount of crazies is that there will be a left/right central alliance that will push through everything . 
  the eusceptics will effectively be the opposition . 
  and tomorrow the number of crazy as fuck meps is going to increase considerably !, 
  our non-eu trade is low partly because we do not have the power to put in place free trade agreements with other countries . 
  the uk 's trade with the rest of the world is growing much quicker than its trade with the eu though . 
  the commonwealth 's economy overtook the eu 's last year . 
  because of the euro , the south of the will remain with terrible economic problems permanently . 
  the uk in the eu is shacked to a corpse . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market . 
  the eu does not want to damage this . 
  if the eu believes in trade , it will want to keep trading with the uk . 
  if the eu is a massive protectionist racket , it is n't in the uk 's interests to stay in anyway . 
  dude , exporting ridiculously little to the eu is an example of why the uk can easily leave the eu . 
  if it is a ridiculously little amount , we wo n't miss those exports . 
  having a trade dwficit with the eu is exactly why the uk has a balance of power . 
  a trade war between the uk and the eu hurts you just as much as it hurts us . 
  anyway , if the eu is so protectionist that it would refuse to trade with us if we left , that is a good reason to leave in my mind . 
  your threats will just make us more keen not to be in a union with you . 
  this is not implied . 
  also , the uk imports a lot from the eu . 
  which is a key reason why the eu will not want tariffs on its exports to the uk . 
  no worries man . 
  i think the whole of the thread , that europe is controlled by the us , is a bit of silly topic anyway !, 
  this really is not something i was pretending . 
  great . 
  this makes it more likely that ukip won a seat . 
  what makes you think there will be tariffs ? 
  this really depends on what gets negotiated and tariffs are not in anyone 's interests . 
  while it is true that we will have to comply with eu regulation when we export to the eu , crucially we wo n't when it comes to domestic trade . 
  we have to comply with us regulations when we export there . 
  that 's called trading . 
  he did n't say he liked putin . 
  what is backward about wanting to leave the eu ? 
  i am educated . 
  i do n't think far right is a relative concept though . 
  it is generally used to describe political positions . 
  not political positions compared to other parties .
