  i would love to live in arizona or new mexico or nevada - i find the nature and scenery of those states extraordinary . 
  it is actually quite different from now . 
  currently the bank of england backstops all uk banks , this would no longer be the case in relation to scottish banks . 
  without a central bank , it is hard to have a banking system . 
  the uk regulators of scottish banks might also not want to regulate scottish banks ( like rbs and lloyds ) and this might force them to either move to the uk or dramatically downsize . 
  there is n't really a union if the rest of the uk does n't agree to it . 
  it is just scotland using a different country 's currency , without the benefit of a central bank and so forth . 
  of course that 's not his point . 
  his point is that the comparison makes no sense . 
  the polls have not moved in your favour at all during 2014 , they have stayed somewhat static . 
  also the eu election results showed ukip in wales doing about as well as it did in england . 
  it wo n't be ukip that achieve a brexit . 
  ukip were just a vehicle to bring that goal closer . 
  it will be the conservatives that end up scoring the goal . 
  with the olympics in rio , it is a bit uncertain as to whether the top european athletes will really be focused on amsterdam ... 
  it 's odd that there are so many more demonstrations in paris than london ... 
  if my memory is correct , this is the best ever european championships by the brits with only the french keeping us close . 
  very poor by the ruskies and somewhat poor by the germans , spaniards ... 
  i 'd exprect that theme parks are one of those industries where there is almost no such thing as bad publicity ... 
  we spent years bumping along the bottom in the 60s and 70s . 
  in recent decades , the uk has outperformed the eurozone taken as a whole . 
  wages are low , but this is the quid pro quo for very good job figures . 
  i 'm looking forward to you dumping that poodle hollande and electing someone who eats red meat . 
  however , you are never going to be able to control your monetary policy ( and thus sovereignty ) in the eurozone . 
  getting the ecb to change policy in the immediate future just means you win that battle but lose the war . 
  france is key though . 
  spain and italy are not really ever going to stand up to germany . 
  it is all about france . 
  do n't hate me , but as a brit , i have to say i am loving this new franco-german tension , which this thread demonstrates . 
  this cooling between france and germany , which is likely to continue , is a wonderful political opportunity for britain . 
  haha !, 
  in seriousness , to the extent that there is continued different economic performance between the uk and the eu , there will be political implications that impact both sides of the channel . 
  obviously , it is n't certain how long recovery will continue to be strong in the uk ( trade balance is very bad , debt is still high , it is hard to rein in public spending , wages are n't really increasing ) but most economists are predicting above 3 percent growth in the uk for 2014 and then well above two percent again in 2015 . 
  the job figures are the most interesting ones though in my view . 
  uk growth continued to be strong in q2 2014 , differently from most of the rest of the eu . 
  job figures for the uk , which got released yesterday , were also very impressive : unemployment continues to fall fast , there are more jobs in the uk than ever before and in several sectors there are shortages of workers . 
  this difference in economic performance between the uk and the rest of the eu will have political implications . 
  - more chance of the conservative government getting elected again next year , with a mandate to renegotiate the eu treaties and have a referendum - more immigration from the rest of the eu to the uk - calls from the rest of the eu to copy the uk 's quantitive easing programme - potentially increased euscepticism within the uk : what is the point of being in a political and economic union with a stagnating continent ? 
  much of the rest of the world is growing , the commonwealth and the anglosphere are growing strongly . 
  it might not seem like it always , but technically they are in the same country ... 
  we 're also a country split in two , so that 's not an excuse !, 
  which university did you study at ? 
  my experience of studying at a top uk university was that there was no cheating at all . 
  partly cheating would not really have been possible , as the exams test creativity and original thinking rather than memory . 
  also , the exams are very heavily invigilated . 
   good , maybe the ecb will be able to do something now i expect they will wait until the end of the year to see if their negative interest rates make any difference , plus their announcement about the purchase of asset-backed securities . 
  however , there are a number of legal hurdles before they can do quantitive easing , uk/usa style . 
   starting to really hate the euro . 
  this was why we did n't join ... 
  please do n't editorialise titles . 
  i 'm afraid that the poster you are responding to is getting upvoted , while you are being downvoted . 
  i guess as anti-semitism increases in europe , so it also does in r/europe . 
  bad times . 
  in general i do not agree with names being changed - in general history is what it is and there is sometimes something orwellian in the desire to change language to describe the world we want rather than the world we have . 
  however , in this exceptional case it does make sense . 
  america consistently has good policies towards employment . 
  this is one of the reasons why the uk needs to leave the eu . 
  we are shackled to a corpse . 
  the rest of the world is growing . 
  in many ways that would have been a sensible thing to do . 
  the arguments would have been constant and bitter , but in someways better than what we currently have ... 
  the isle of man has a weird deal . 
  it is geographically equidistant ( more or less ) from england , ireland , scotland and wales . 
  it is also culturally equidistant from them . 
  the old left are more motivated by being anti-western rather than pro-russian . 
  the enemy of the old left remains the usa , nato , capitalism and so forth . 
  the enemy of the enemy of the old left remains the old left 's friend : nothing has really changed since the 70s . 
  dude , i 'm not sure about that . 
  terry wogan more than makes up for that potato famine and the corn law thing . 
  and now we have to watch graham norton too . 
  what did we do to deserve him ? 
  i agree with this analysis . 
  we think of you as being dirigiste , a bit pompous , too intellectual and philosophical and theoretical , often very rude . 
  however , we still love you , we just show our love in an unusual way . 
  also , the reality of geopolitics and the equal size of our militaries and our positions on the unsc means that we will be counterbalances to each other and serious allies ( in a way that we wo n't be with germany ) for a long while yet . 
  vive l'entente !, 
  [ next year we will celebrate 200 years of uninterrupted peace with the french . 
  however , because of the previous 800 years , we 're still not quite friends . 
  however , france is the only country in the world that we really respect . 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ), 
  i 'm not sure if there really is a north west europe neighbourhood , but if there were one we would be in it . 
  we have complicated love/hate relationships with ireland and france , though both these relationships are much better now than they used to be.we have less complicated relationships with belgium and the netherlands and we get along with them pretty well . 
  denmark , norway and sweden are a bit outside of our direct neighbourhood : we like them but they have their own thing going on and we do n't pretend to be part of it . 
  within the uk itself it is already complicated enough with scotland having an independence referendum next month ... 
   and for many other is illegal keep inflation at 0.00 when the ecb target is 2 % . 
  nobody thinks this is illegal . 
  a lower eur against the gbp is good for me as from tomorrow i am on holiday in spain . 
  :-) the more that brits on holiday spend in the eurozone is good for the eurozone too . 
  the eurozone sovereign debt crisis was not caused by the us . 
  it would have happened sooner or later anyway . 
  also , the us has much better growth than the eu and much better employment figures and came out of their recession a lot quicker than the eu did . 
  i 'd rather drink beer with a german though :-), 
  boris is comparing gdp in dollar equivalent . 
  thus , inflation figures are not relevant . 
  gdp is a measure that takes into account inflation . 
  amazon is a very efficient website with very cheap prices . 
  united kingdom, 
  no , i 've not read it either . 
  i do n't think westminster is pretty really . 
  it has become iconic , but i always thought that was because of what it represented rather than what it looked like .
