  scotland is massively important for catalonia - this is the reason why the catalans and the rspaniards were watching scotland so closely . 
  [ i just read el pais - there is wall-to-wall coverage of scotland ] ( http://elpais.com/ ) . 
  there is much less coverage in the french and italian press . 
  the domino theory / revolutionary wave theory in international politics has occurred several times in europe and you guys are basically the next domino ... 
  i hope that you do get a referendum . 
  as a brit , watching the relatively easy process that scotland has had in getting the referendum and the lack of significant constitutional obstacles to a referendum taking place , i do think that spain can do a bit better here . 
  however , i strongly hope there can be a legal solution . 
  if one is n't reached soonish , i have no idea what will happen . 
   the eu has been a ginormous economic boon for the irish economy . 
  this also comes down to my other point : if the eu has been helpful to ireland , how come it has not worked out so well for greece and portugal ? 
  the longer that there are very different and divergent economies within the eu and eurozone , the harder it is to make the case that the eu and eurozone is the reason for success ( or failure ) of states . 
   illegal to treat the investors differently , according to eu law . 
  i 'm talking about the savings of depositors being treated differently from the investments of bondholders . 
  this is n't just allowed by eu law , it is positively encouraged in the form of [ specific legislation requiring states to guarantee the savings of depositors ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/pdf/?uri=celex:32014l0049&amp;from=en ) . 
  no such legislation exists in relation to professional investors who invest in high denomination tradeable securities : indeed , the whole pattern of new legislation is specifically designed to ensure that bondholders have to bail in banks rather than be bailed out by the state . 
   the eu has been a ginormous economic boon for the irish economy . 
  had ireland left the eu to fix this ... the damage would have been massively more than it has been . 
  ireland is kind of a special weird case !, 
  ireland has done great recently , but it is hard to know if this is because of the eu or not . 
  as mentioned earlier in my original post on this thread , ireland has a lot going for it that is unconnected to the eu ( language , highly educated workforce , good legal system , business-friendly tax system ) ... what was astonishing about ireland was that it was relatively slow to boom , when the rest of its anglophone peers succeeded . 
  how well would ireland be doing if it were n't in the eu ? 
  ( ireland 's peers : hong kong , singapore , new zealand ... are all doing great too and they are not in the eu . ), 
   as i said earlier it is indeed a complex issue . 
  we may have been better to let them go bust . 
  but there are a hell of a lot more unknowns and risks involved that you set out . 
  i fear that the fallout of taking option may have been just as damaging . 
  we will never know . 
  this is kind of the nature of all history and economics . 
  we will never know . 
  but i do n't think my argument is without merit . 
   i thought everyone hates the tories lots of people vote for them ... opinion polls for a while have been close between labour and tories . 
   `` here , take a metric system and a civil code '' . 
  metric system is kinda helpful , but we do fine with miles and pints ... 
  the civil code ? 
  i think the common law is much more practical . 
   i have a spanish co-worker who voted against independence because she did not want to be forced to leave the country . 
  everytime i speak to the electorate i start to question democracy ... :-), 
   it would have been completely illegal for a start . 
  illegal by whom ? 
  the state has no legal obligation to bail-out bondholders . 
  the banks had contractual obligations to pay back bondholders , but insolvency laws deal with that . 
   if ireland were iceland they could have done the same . 
  no offence but that is what you are saying . 
  actually - i 'm not saying that . 
  i 'm saying that as a matter of economics , ireland could have done an iceland and would have emerged better had it done that . 
  but it would have meant leaving the euro . 
  as a matter of politics , ireland did not want to leave the euro . 
  this is a case of politics trumping economics ( this has been the whole story of the euro ) . 
  actually , the main difference with iceland is that they have their own currency and thus could devalue . 
  granted , ireland could not do that inside the eurozone . 
  however , had ireland decided not to prioritise professional bondholders over irish taxpayers , and had let the irish banks go under in the same way that iceland did , and had at the same time devalued the irish punt , i am sure that ireland 's economy would have recovered as fast as the icelandic one and also not have suffered unemployment to the same extent . 
  did you give your mum the chocolate ? 
  is she happy ? 
  the uk is still in the eu though . 
  as long as the uk is in the eu , the eu can not become federal . 
  if you want a federal eu , you need to start supporting a brexit . 
   it would have a federal structure . 
  you ca n't govern a country with 30 + different languages and cultures without a federal structure . 
  you also ca n't do it if the people in it do n't want a federal structure . 
   i 'm opposed to the rebate , but i do n't think we should eg . 
  prevent the free flow of goods to the uk until they stop it . 
  i 'm opposed to the cap , but i do n't think we should eg prevent the free flow of goods to france until they stop it . 
   you 're stalling , you know very well what i mean . 
  but suppose scotland demands a rebate as long as the nuclear subs they do n't want are there , or when the financial sector gets a tax break that benefits london much more than scotland . 
  i think if scotland does not want the nuclear subs there and elects a political party that campaigns to get a rebate in relation to them , then the rest of the uk has to take that extremely seriously . 
  however , ultimately i do n't think that the uk would be worth preserving if the scots have this position . 
  nuclear weapons are a necessary part of european security and at a time that russia has annexed crimea i do n't think the ruk ( or europe ) can risk scotland destabilising this . 
  if scotland 's position were to get nuclear subs out of scotland ( i do n't think this would ever be their position ) i think we 'd need to take the subs into england ( at massive cost to the ruk tax payer ... ) and end the union . 
   or when the financial sector gets a tax break that benefits london much more than scotland i 'm someone that lives in london and is more than happy for some of my taxes to be spent on the deprived parts of scotland and the other deprived parts of the uk . 
  i do not favour a system that means i have to give more money to scotland than i have to give to deprived parts of wales and northern ireland . 
   in fact , the rebate takes money out of the pockets of other member states to buy off uk 's queasyness . 
  the cap takes money from the other member states to buy off french queasyness . 
  given the way the french are turning to the front national , have already vetoed the european constitution , are hugely angry at the euro in light of their economy , there is no way that the cap is going away . 
  the rebate just makes the uk and france be net contributors to roughly the same amount ,, 
   a federal eu may not be on the cards in the foreseeable future , but i think that the scottish debate has brought up arguments for the continued membership of the uk in the eu . 
  the independence movement got 45 % of the vote in scotland without even knowing what currency they would have . 
  this makes me think the brexit campaign to leave the eu is very winnable . 
  after all , we know what currency we are going to have . 
  this campaign can have a better plan than the scottish independence campaign . 
   but in the long term the idea of `` better together '' makes a case for the continued integration and eventual federalisation of the eu i 'm not sure about that . 
  scotland voted to stay in the uk , knowing that the position of the uk in the eu is uncertain . 
  scotland have affirmed the uk , knowing that the uk is the single biggest obstacle to a federal europe . 
  ireland is not a tax haven , it just has a competitive tax rate , which favours business . 
  if more places have favourable tax rates , businesses do better everywhere . 
  there is not a finite number of businesses in the world . 
   a hypothetical unified europe would have a federal structure the last 24 hours have , in my view , made this hypothesis less likely . 
   \u2022 round 30 contributors ( which a lot inactive ones ) apologies - i was a contributor who did not actually contribute . 
  personally i found the stickied threads on here easier to follow in terms of discussions . 
  i guess i was also watching tv in the uk at the same time with various friends and calling/texting others during the night as the stories came through , so i had enough info !, 
  but i think this was a good experiment so thanks very much ,, 
   i was also always confused by the talks about oil . 
  sure , you could use it and there could actually be a lot more there than the scientists are estimating . 
  oil prices are very changing . 
  that is the key risk . 
   you expect that the rest of the eu should not instate a particular policy because it 's not to your liking . 
  that 's a dictatorial attitude . 
  you 're opposed to the rebate . 
  do you think the rest of the eu should not instate the revate because it 's not to your liking ? 
  that 's a dictatorial attitude . 
   how would you like scotland to refuse to play ball with uk policies unless they got to scrap any law they did n't like ?
