  wages vary much less ( in like for like professions ) . 
  moscovici 's appointment does seem to have united opinion in germany though . 
  i do n't expect moscovici to be able to make much impact at all on budgets and austerity . 
  it looks like the study was restricted to the price of goods , rather than other kinds of prices e.g. 
  services/wages/real estate . 
  if the euro creates unified pricing for goods but not a similar unified pricing for other things then that would be very interesting . 
  it would also be interesting to understand how much of the unified pricing was related to currency and how much to the single market , by , for example , seing if there was more unification of prices between members of the single market that had different currencies than there was between countries that were n't part of the single market . 
  perhaps the study did have some detail on this - i only skimmed the study itself but could n't see it !, 
  maybe try craig 's list ? 
  if that is a thing that still exists ... 
   well , a separatist resurgence , opposed to the national state . 
  you know similar to what 's going on between scotland and the uk right now . 
  the uk is not a `` nation state '' in the conventional sense , it is a state made up of different nations . 
  if scotland becomes an independent nation it will be a conventional nation state . 
  the scottish independence movement is both nationalist and separatist . 
  the main political force behind scottish independence for generations has been the scottish national party . 
  cool story bro , but are you sure this is the correct sub for this type of post ? 
  ireland and the uk have a common travel area . 
  while this is mostly an informal arrangement , if you look at clause 3 of the memorandum of understanding between ireland and the uk , they do try and adopt consistent policies in relation to granting visas and so forth :  the two governments commit to co-operating to the fullest extent possible to align the list of nationals who are visa required for travel to the two countries . 
  in addition both countries are reviewing the standards for the consideration and determination of applications by visa nationals to visit either country and to explore the viability of a `` common travel area visit visa '' including the possibility of a pilot project . 
  i agree . 
  the mainstream media is simply less powerful a force than it used to be in the days before the internet and social media . 
  people no longer trust mainstream media in the way they used to . 
  also , one of the unfortunate consequences of the word racist being overused in circumstances where there is n't any racism is that people have become cynical about all allegations of racism , starting to doubt the allegations even where they are justified . 
  agreed . 
  brits love good trolling !, 
   and it 's coming to a point where people in catalonia are saying : we do n't need madrid 's aproval to do what we want . 
  and a vast majority of the spanish population is against the referendum . 
  if this is the case , things will end badly . 
  it makes me think that we are fortunate in the uk , not having to worry about boring things like constitutions ... 
  i am sure that everyone in catalonia and of course the rest of spain too will be watching what happens in scotland closely . 
   the european union 's new economic sanctions against russia will come into force on friday , an eu diplomat told reuters on thursday . 
  i hate to be picky , but i thought the sanctions come into force the day after publication ? 
  when i checked this morning they had not been published . 
  ergo they wo n't come into force tomorrow ... 
   what does worry me is some of the blatantly stupid nationalist rhetoric . 
  `` when we 're independent , the first thing we 'll do is demand england underwrites all our debt in a currency union !, 
  if it does n't , we 'll just default !, 
  scotland will be greece before 2020 if we go down that route , and this is what 's preventing me from voting yes even though i want to . 
  and , unsurprisingly , with the growth of scottish nationalism there comes the growth of english nationalism . 
  there was never going to be one without the other . 
  if scotland refuses to pay its share of the debt , the english response will not be pretty . 
  i 'm glad you 're not voting `` yes '' . 
   they could nationalise it , seize the assets . 
  the assets are considerably smaller than the liabilities . 
  it is already nationalised ... 
  if iscotland took on the liabilities , that would be a big help to the ruk taxpayer . 
   have to keep the border folk happy i suppose . 
  unfortunately if we upset those border folk , we will both know about it in ways that we do not like ... 
   just thinking eu citizens in ireland would n't necessarily have the right to free travel in the uk . 
  i would expect that eu citizens in ireland would have the right to free travel in the uk , but not the right to work/benefits etc. 
  i 'd expect that irish citizens would continue to have all the same rights in the uk as they currently have ( i.e. 
  including to vote in general elections , stand for parliament etc ) . 
  i would also have thought that ireland would probably be keen not to put in place border controls with the uk either . 
   100 % without doubt we 'd join then as border controls would be needed with the uk . 
  why would border controls be needed with the uk just because the uk left the eu ? 
  it would really depend on the relationship that was put in place between the uk and the eu post brexit . 
   err , we wanted to join , and still do . 
  had to opt out due to the uk border . 
  for the forseeable future that uk border is n't going away is it though ? 
  and the uk is not going to join schengen . 
   the bank is now 81 % state ( taxpayer ) owned . 
  what do you want to happen to rbs after independence ? 
  in seriousness ? 
  the ruk tax-payer is not going to want to be majority shareholder in a bank which is incorporated in a different jurisdiction and regulated by whichever regulator the scottish government creates , which the ruk government does not control . 
  is your plan that the scottish government buys the ruk government 's share of rbs ? 
  in my mind this is the only way for rbs to stay in scotland . 
   later ... rbs perplexed as to why all their scottish based customers are transferring their money to other banks . 
  to which banks ? 
  other banks based in ruk ? 
  i 'm afraid that even when the uk leaves the eu you 're still not going to be joining schengen ... 
   the constitution disallow it . 
  that 's the real problem . 
  i 'm sure this has been explained to me before , but is this a * real * problem ? 
  how hard would it really be to change the constitution ? 
  when will the changes be made ? 
   well at this point we 're both just speculating . 
  agreed . 
  that 's kinda the point of the internet in my view !, 
  what is the point of a comment without some kind of theory or supposition or speculation ?!, 
   the difference is then the direction of that expansionism . 
  perhaps because of the containment on an island , the british expanded via colonialism . 
  perhaps because of the containment on the continent ( with often enough equally strong or stronger neighboring countries ) , germany expanded ... well , in the known way . 
  i think there is quite a bit of truth in that . 
  also , do n't forget our feelings about feelings about the french which is another thing we share !, 
  but i think euphiles are also more likely to vote . 
  the majority of non-voters are more apathetic ( and are less likely to be either euphile or eusceptic ) . 
   i always secretly believed this !, 
  wonder how accurate this is . 
  this view is an interesting one because it is shared by ( i ) de gauliists who think that the uk are a kind of us endorsed anglo-saxon neo-conservative neo-liberal trojan horse trying to sabbotage the eu from the inside and ( ii ) the increasingly common french eusceptics and single-currency-sceptics who think that a brexit is the best way of bringing down the entire eu . 
  52 % does not surprise me . 
   i 'm not sure if they will be in a national election for scotland , but obviously i can not know that for sure . 
  the last scottish government elections took place in 2011 , before the ukip boom which started in 2012 . 
  obviously , the next scottish government elections will be hugely impacted by what happens next thursday and this will apply to all the other parties in scotland as well as to ukip . 
  all bets are off ...  only about 1 in 10 people voted for them , in a very low turnout eu election . 
  while turnout was low in the eu elections in scotland , this tends if anything to support my point that ruk euscepticism is not something that makes has been that big of an issue in the context of the independence referendum . 
  if scottish people really did n't like ruk euscepticism , then turnout in the eu elections in scotland would have been higher . 
  ukip got 10.5 % of the vote . 
  in the vast majority of proportionate election systems in the world this would give them electoral representation , though obviously in a perfectly proportionate system they would get 10.5 % of the seats instead of 16.7 % of the seats . 
  in proportionate systems where there are few seats ( like scotland in the ep , which are somewhat unusual in electoral terms ) the smaller parties always end up not getting seats ( as happened in scotland with the greens and the lib dems ) and the larger parties therefore end up getting over-represented ( as happened in scotland with snp , labour , conservatives and ukip ) .
