  no need to deny this any more , 
   really , you do n't think ukip can win the next election ? 
  absolutely not . 
  unless the uk government decided to stay in the eu or something . 
  if the uk does leave the eu then basically ukip stay where they are . 
   upset them to the point of leaving because the workload was ridiculous . 
  from what i understand , many many teachers have left the profession lately . 
  this has been a long-term trend in the uk , but there have not been more leaving since gove 's reforms . 
   i think secretly even farage never hoped to win this referendum , a narrow loss would have been much more beneficial for him politically as well . 
  he would be perfectly happy keeping his seat in european parliament , where he does n't really do anything except sprouting populist nonsense without any responsibility whatsoever . 
  the good news is that soon farage wo n't be in any parliament , 
   it 's sad that the uk i 've loved and admired so much ( i basically grew up watching almost all significant english movies and television , like monty python ) has come to this . 
  we actually have not changed !, 
  you will still love us in the long run and , believe it or not , we will still love belgium !, 
  in the long run you will thank us . 
  national democracy remains the best way of governing people . 
  we just restored that ideal in the most dramatic way possible . 
  it is a wonderful time to be alive . 
   eh , i do n't know the details of his reforms , but i sure as shit know that it 's upset a lot of teachers . 
  this was the aim . 
  education is about consumers of education , not providers of education . 
   thatcher campaigned heavily to get gb in to the common market because of the economic benefits , so you are both correct and wrong . 
  yeah , then she changed her mind ... 
   you guys wan na til your fellow europeans on gove 's education reform ? 
  take education policy out of the hands of government and allow schools to decide what they want to teach . 
  allow parents to set up schools . 
  encourage an academic approach to learning with a focus on people from poor and disadvantaged backgrounds getting the kind of education that has been reserved for very wealthy people . 
   oh yes our probation service is now much improved i 'm sure pos have universally lauded grayling and gove for the sterling work they have done . 
  gove and grayling basically had opposite views from each other . 
   since it is unlikely that they will rework all regulation within two years , they likely will have to incooperate eu law into their own law . 
  yes , this is likely . 
  then , gradually , in a measured way our law makers and policy makers will decide whether or not to keep it the same or change it , as part of the normal democratic process . 
  this is exciting . 
   yeah , who needs experts ... what bit about gove 's education reforms do n't you like ? 
  personally i think a giving schools the option to focus on rigorous and academic education is a great thing . 
   do n't forget that you joined exactly because of how not very well you did outside . 
  thatcher was the reason for the uk 's good economic performance not the eu . 
   i 'm sure the teachers and those in the justice sector will be overjoyed this man wants to run the country !, 
  i 'm struggling to think of a more hated politician in uk politics ... actually , the justice reforms have been widely applauded by almost everyone involved in prisons . 
  as for the education reforms , they are loved by parents ( whose opinions are more important than those of teachers ) . 
  following uk politics now is basically a full time job . 
  this is just incredible . 
  nobody knows what is happening in either the conservative party or the labour party . 
  in a way every single bit of tension that the uk built up over the last 40 years as part of eu membership is now exploding . 
  to me all this is helpful and cathartic , 
  which countries that the eu has a free trade deal with have a stronger negotiating position than the uk ? 
  the uk leaving the eu is a massive new consumer economy . 
  any country that has a lot to export is going to want a deal with us rather than to miss out . 
  the only people that want to play hardball are the eu , which will not work out great for them . 
   is n't that a recipe for disaster ? 
  you 're basically copy/pasting deals that were assumed to be beneficial inside the eu . 
  except that 's bound to change , so you 'll be dealing on sub-optimal terms . 
  or were your deals always designed with out-of-the-eu future in mind ? 
  no , they will be copied and pasted for a limited period , as in keep the status quo for five years , giving the uk time to regroup . 
   i was wondering the same thing . 
  how can you let something that big happen without a proper majority !, 
  uk has no tradition of super majorities in its constitution or legal framework . 
   makes absolutely no sense whatsoever to not repeal the act immediately when the two years are up . 
  actually , it will likely not be fully repealed , but amended ( in relation to existing law ) . 
   based on what you told me , i 'm not expecting much improvement until the new year . 
  please tell me i 'm wrong ? 
  i think we will see improvement in the next few days as the uk political climate starts to calm . 
  already our government is starting to work on plans . 
   so the uk lost trade agreements with most of the world , even if they are fast do reintroduced individually , it will still take a very long time . 
  especially considering the uk is now at a `` weaker '' position , so the other nation might want a bigger slice than originally and drive a ( relatively ) hard bargain . 
  the current agreements will firstly just be copied and pasted . 
  i am confident about free trade and excited about new opportunuties, 
   switzerland always gets brought up as the ultimate example of how good referendums can work , yet you ought to realize that switzerland was also the country that - in a referendum - voted for the ban of certain mosque towers ( even though they 're ugly and polluting to the landscape , but that aside ) . 
  i personally do n't like a ban on minarets , however i also do n't like a ban on burkas . 
  i 'm a liberal . 
  one of these bans came from a referendum ( switzerland ) and one came from representative democracy ( france ) . 
   a lot of power gets shifted towards the media in the weeks and months leading up to a plebescite , with the smear campaign in the uk being a prime example of it . 
  fortunately in the uk we have a free press with media on both sides of the divide . 
  calling for brexit were telegraph , mail , sun , express , spectator ; while calling for bremain were guardian , ft , mirror , economist ... 
   no one has any idea which government will end up in control of the uk a conservative government will end up in control , with a plan to leave the eu . 
   international speculation ( meaning everyone outside the uk who is looking on ) does n't think the uk will really be stupid enough to hit article 50 , especially because most of what the conservative leaders have said lately has been utter bullshit or somehow part of a petty feud . 
  remember , outside the uk , people do n't know how the uk will work and do n't really feel the public sentiment ( i do n't - can you really predict who 'll do what ? ) . 
  ergo everyone assumes the uk will do the reasonable thing . 
  i 'm sorry to tell you but the uk will leave the eu . 
  this is in the long-term interest of the uk . 
  you need to accept this . 
   as i said years ago already : citizens in majority could n't hope to give a good answer to such complicated questions . 
  in that sense the brexit referendum was a major mistake , notwithstanding the outcome of the entire thing . 
  personally i do trust the electorate to decide how they should be governed , so from my perspective the referendum was a major success . 
  the country which has most referendums in the world is a massive success . 
  we can not just ignore switzerland . 
   but any deal outside the eea terms of freedom of movement means either no single market or a lot of dissapointed leave voters . 
  personally i strongly hope that we do not go for the eea as it currently stands . 
  however , i think it is misleading for you to write `` no single market '' , because obviously there is a whole range of ways of accessing or being part of the single market . 
  it is not black and white . 
   if youve pissed off the people who voted for you within days of winning or painted yourself into a corner like boris it kinda looks like a failure . 
  boris is likely to become prime minister . 
  this does n't look like a failure to me . 
   would n't it be better for the eu if britain left as soon as possible ? 
  the uk sticking around for an undisclosed amount of time seems like a recipe for prolonged market uncertainty . 
  instability ? 
  the uk should not trigger article 50 until the government creates a plan . 
  the uk government does not yet have a plan . 
  from the uk 's perspective it makes sense to wait for a few months ( and , at the same time , begin informal conversations with the rest of the world ) . 
  from the eu 's perspective it is best if we leave immediately .
