  [ i belive you 're right in this . 
  the former british foreign secretary , william hague , wrote about this today . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/greece/11721838/greece-does-not-mark-the-end-of-the-euro-debacle-merely-the-beginning.html ), 
  the private investors ended up with less than the nominal value of the debt , but more than the market value of the debt . 
  many speculative investors bought this debt at the market value and were able therefore to make huge sums of money by swapping it at the `` haircut '' level . 
  the cut should have been far greater in 2012 . 
   there can never be a common solution that does n't involve an immediate debt relief , and the european negotiators have to understand this , and should have understood it months ago . 
  they should have done debt relief years ago ( when the debt was held by banks , the ones who made the poor investment decisions ) , not months ago ( when the debt is held by the eurozone taxpayer ) . 
  however , you are right that immediate debt relief is the economically sensible thing to do . 
  unfortunately it is politically impossible . 
  at this time of crisis , let 's remember the benefits of the euro . 
  the benefits of the euro are diverse and are felt on different scales , from individuals and businesses to whole economies . 
  they include : - more choice and stable prices for consumers and citizens - greater security and more opportunities for businesses and markets - improved economic stability and growth - more integrated financial markets - a stronger presence for the eu in the global economy - a tangible sign of a european identity many of these benefits are interconnected . 
  for example , economic stability is good for a member state 's economy as it allows the government to plan for the future . 
  but economic stability also benefits businesses because it reduces uncertainty and encourages companies to invest . 
  this , in turn , benefits citizens who see more employment and better-quality jobs . 
   grexit is assurted assurted ? 
  ass ` urted ? 
  ass hurted ? 
  butthurt ? 
   i have to say , it 's been fun to see your posts slide down to trucidator levels of nonsense over the last couple of days . 
  what 's nonsense about my posts . 
  i 've been saying that the eurozone was terribly designed for years . 
  i 've been proved right . 
   punishing citizens for the sin of debt , no matter the consequences . 
  it 's the only possible explanation . 
  yes , that 's what it seems like to me too . 
  it has become some kind of weird morality tale , in which the `` lazy '' and the `` feckless '' must be punished and be seen to be punished . 
  ( it does n't seem to be about being practical any more . ), 
   i suppose it 's going to take a few years of growing problems to get to the debt writeoff too , unless greece decides to take the initiative instead of taking hits passively . 
  ironically , instead of preventing the `` moral hazard '' of letting the eurozone fund states indirectly , that will likely hasten it , as the rising interest rates on the bonds of spain and italy will force the ecb to guarantee the esm with unlimited credit , or the eurozone goes boom . 
  do we have two years ? 
  we have known for the last five years that the greek debt has to be written off . 
  it would have made a lot more sense to write it off five years ago , at a time it was held by banks , who had made poor investments . 
  now it is mostly held by eurozone taxpayers . 
  perhaps today an agreement will be reached in which greece just signs anything that the reurozone demands , so that greece gets further loans to pay off its current loans , meanwhile none of the fundamental problems really get solved and this farce continues for a few more years . 
  the voters are not going to take this for ever . 
  sooner or later they will get their revenge . 
   that depends . 
  if the goal of the eu is to cause as much suffering as possible , then it is . 
  if their goal is to find a solution where greece recovers , the debt is as much repaid as possible and they do n't look like spiteful incompetents who 'd rather let a country go bankrupt than admit their policies failed , then every minute counts . 
  based on your observations of the last couple of weeks , what do you think the goal seems to be ? 
  separately , whatever the goal might be , it is fairly clear what the outcome is . 
   it 's all getting a bit silly now is n't it , pity people are suffering for it . 
  it is a real shame , the greeks must now suffer and be seen to suffer , to keep everyone else on the straight and narrow . 
   that sounds really dumb on france 's part sounds about right to me ;-), 
   good to see we 've started by downvoting this non-approved opinion piece by those nasty british euroskeptics !, 
  why they would be critical of our euroway of destiny , is beyond reason !!!, 
  how dare they question our perfect currency union !, 
  those nasty british eusceptics ( of which i am proud to be a member ! ), 
  are actually on your side !, 
  when we warned you that the currency union would not work without a fiscal union , we were trying to stop a tragedy !, 
  over the next year , the same british eusceptics are going to be making a lot more warnings to you . 
  i wonder if the european continent will listen this time , or whether we will just be downvoted !, 
  i do n't agree . 
  all uk citizens will retain their uk citizenship , which is the most fundamental thing . 
  older people and poorer people . 
  the ipsos mori had a smaller sample size than usual . 
  given the uk general election result , perhaps it is best not to look too closely at opinion polls in the uk !, 
  personally i think that what is going on in greece is bound to impact the uk . 
  for starters , we continually get a lot of media coverage of how badly the greek crisis is being handled by europe . 
  for brits , eu membership has been less of an emotional experience and more of a practical experience than some eu countries . 
  if the eu no longer seems to work practically , why would we stay in it , especially when they treat greece so badly . 
  however , i think the indirect consequences will make more of an impact . 
  the uk is currently trying to renegotiate the uk 's position in the eu . 
  the greek crisis is going to change the way that reu thinks about the eu generally : but it is hard to predict the outcome . 
  perhaps it might make more people worry about losing the uk and agree with the uk that a flexible eu is essential and that one size does not fit all . 
  or perhaps the eu will not have time to think about the uk 's concerns , making a brexit more likely . 
  we had the opposite : literature and science much more than art and music . 
  thanks - this was n't something i knew about . 
   i genuinely ca n't see the uk opting to being outside the eu without retaining strong links to the single market ( be it the norway option or the swiss approach ) , including freedom of movement . 
  being inside the single market is not the same as eu citizenship . 
  swiss citizens are not eu citizens . 
  the eu is about to enter a period of flux . 
  the greek referendum necessitates it . 
  this is going to impact the brexit referendum in some surprising ways ... 
  no , it is virtually inconceivable that british citizens will keep eu citizenship in the event of a brexit . 
  eu citizenship is a function of being a citizen of a member state . 
   now , if the owner of the channel spoke live about his support of the yes , i would 100 % be fine with it . 
  but when you are trying to manipulate the people for your own ends using dozens of your employees , i must take a stand . 
  ultimately , for media organisations to be able to function , they need employees . 
  a media organisation is just a collection of individuals who , in an ideal world have freely chosen to collaborate with others . 
  the problem in my mind is not that there were media organisations arguing for `` yes '' , but that there did n't seem to be media organisations arguing for `` no '' . 
  generally in free countries media organisations have a plurality of opinions . 
   `` but shall be responsible for such abuses of this freedom as shall be defined by law . 
  if you are using the free speech arguement , which i do not agree with , then you have to accept the above sentence . 
  and the media did nothing less than abuse their power to manipulate people into voting yes . 
  as a lawyer i do accept that people should operate within the law  however , i do n't know anything about greek law to be able to comment on whether or not greek tv broke the law . 
  separately , whatever the law is in relation to free speech and the media , there is a question of what the law should be . 
  in my mind with the media the freeer the better . 
   if they want to make this a union , they should at least work towards it . 
  adjusting a wholly unfair debt repayment scheme is the least they can do . 
  i do n't know if they really do want to make it into a union . 
  their actions suggest that they do n't . 
   will the troika continue to stubbornly resist and stroke itself to the idea that they can never do wrong a lot of european politicians are now in a corner . 
  politically , it is now incredibly hard for them to give any concessions to greece whatsoever . 
  stay tuned !, 
  wow that escalated quickly . 
   if anything the scaremongering pissed people off leading to the results we all saw . 
  the interventions from eu officials and others helped too i think .
