  the obligation to pay taxes in the uk falls away long before the 15 years are up ... 
   im talking about trade agreements silly . 
  we dont have a trade agreement with the us ( yet , its called ttip ) , us companies just have to abide by eu regulations and pay eu tariffs when selling in the uk and the same for uk companies wanting to sell in the us . 
  the uk trades with the whole globe . 
  there are many countries we trade with whose laws and regulations we do not influence . 
  it really wo n't be a disaster if we ca n't influence european laws and regulations . 
  much more importantly , they wo n't be able to influence british laws and regulations . 
   im aware that echr isnt an eu institution , i didnt mention the echr i mentioned human rights . 
  in what respect has brussels stepped in on uk human rights ? 
   why ? 
  please explain your `` reality of the situation '' to me . 
  in my mind the eurozone will be forced to integrate further as the ongoing crisis necessitates it and this is where the bulk of eu decisions will be made . 
  the uk will never join the euro and will therefore permantly be left outside they key group of countries where most of the decisions will be made . 
  do you think that the uk really can take a leading role in the eu from outside the euro ? 
  that just strikes me as surprising . 
   you would rather he let the eu continue its course of ever closer union i do n't think that there is anything that farage can do to stop `` ever closer union '' . 
   rather than reforming and atleast trying to help the uk better its position ? 
  i think the uk will better its position by leaving the eu . 
   isil is not a recognized state , not is the uk at war with them or in a military coalition against them . 
  / u/trucidator is a lawyer , maybe he can shed some light . 
  i only just saw this . 
  the law of treason is far outside my specialist area , the relevant legislation is very old and i do n't think it has been tested before the courts recently . 
  i would also expect that it might be easier to use a terrorism offence and therefore that those offences would be the first choice of the government , if they could be used . 
  however [ this link is to those bits of the treason act 1351 that remain in force . ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/aep/edw3stat5/25/2/section/ii ) . 
  i think the relevant provision would be '' * if a man do levy war against our lord the king in his realm , or be adherent to the king 's enemies in his realm , giving to them aid and comfort in the realm , or elsewhere * '' . 
  as a starter , it looks like treason is covers behaviour that is considerably wider than war . 
  the government would need to argue that as a matter of law joining isil counted as `` being adherent to the queen 's enemies '' which is a bit easier than being at war with the uk . 
  i would have thought that the fact that the uk parliament voted for airstrikes against isil ( in a motion that specifically mentioned the threat of isil to uk security ) and that the uk government is now taking military action against isil in the firm of airstrikes means that there is now a fairly strong case that isil are one of the queen 's enemies . 
  there is i guess some question about what `` be adherent '' means , but i again i would have thought that joining isil or going to iraq deliberately to fight for them might fall within this . 
  i do n't think this would be an easy case for the government to win and if i were a lawyer advising the jihadists i think the arguments i would use would be that the archaic language of the treason act is now so uncertain as to render any trial unfair . 
  or i would try and argue on the relevant facts that any adherence could n't be proved . 
  it is pretty hard to know how the courts would react to this . 
   this is the point i usually communicate to people when talking about this . 
  farage 's attendance rate is 15 % and is 722/751 best for attendance in the parliament . 
  if i only showed up for 15 % of my work days i 'd expect far worse consequences than what ukip/efdd are facing as someone who employs nigel farage ( i.e. 
  part of the electorate that voted for ukip ) he is doing exactly what i want him to do . 
  i do n't want him in brussels : i want him out campaigning for a brexit . 
   http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/migration_and_migrant_population_statistics i 'm afraid your link does not seem to work for me ...  4 to 1 might be a bit much but there is a lot more non-eea migrants in the uk than eea migrants . 
  i 'm not so much interested in the current levels of people in the uk ( which is not something that anyone is really planning on doing anything about ) but the rate of immigration at the moment , i.e. 
  the numbers that came in the last 12 months or so etc. 
  it would surprise me if that figure were 4:1 . 
   the swiss have done much better with a direct democracy for centuries than the surrounding countries without one . 
  it is kind of an interesting question to see how countries which do not have a tradition of direct democracy would cope if they implemented a swiss style direct democracy . 
  personally , i think that if you give more responsibility to the electorate , they will start to behave in a more responsible way . 
   but , thanks to medieval british voting laws , you ca n't vote in your national elections . 
  hence the middle finger from westminster ... brits living abroad get to vote in uk elections for 15 years after moving abroad . 
  what is the medieval part of that ? 
   and the general spanish real estate market ca n't fall any further , anyway : those properties are not anywhere near where the locals live ... 
  when the uk leaves the eu , if spain were to tell 1,000,000 brits that they have to leave spain ( obviously this is never going to happen so this is all an exercise in imagination ) then i can not see how that would not cause spanish property to fall even further . 
  i just ca n't see that many empty properties coming onto the market without the market price of property falling . 
   asked which current world leader he most admired , farage replied : `` as an operator , but not as a human being , i would say putin . '', 
  -- guilty as charged . 
  you 're selectively quoting . 
  as you know , in that same interview farage went on to say : `` not that i approve of him politically . 
  how many journalists in jail now ? '', 
   but you forget that , without any family ties , it 's quite a hassle to obtain a working permit in an eu state . 
  and that counts very every country outside of the eu . 
  it depends from state to state . 
  there are n't loads of brits working elsewhere in the eu anyway - as you know , most of the eu has lower pay and higher unemployment than the uk and most brits do not have great language skills . 
  ( i write as someone who spent years working in italy . ), 
   after installing these agreements , europe has seen an unprecedented spike in mobility figures . 
  i therefore pretty much seeing it as a key factor . 
  yes , there has been quite a bit of mobility , but this mobility has not been great for every country as some countries have lost a lot of their workforce . 
  i expect there will still be mobility into the uk . 
   not to mention the free movement of capital and goods . 
  just ask the city boys what they think about that . 
  i am a city boy . 
  i am cool with coming to a new arrangement . 
  i saw his interview and was astonished by the way he used the ebola discussions as a reason for the uk to stay in the eu . 
  ebola is specifically a west african crisis , that the whole world needs to consider . 
  it really is n't a good example of a european issue . 
  if other european countries are going to stop speaking to the uk about ebola if we leave the eu then they really are n't the kind of countries we want to be in a union with anyway ... 
   i do n't particularly care what they do . 
  i care what the facts and figures about the uk say . 
  those routinely put eu migration as an unequivocal net benefit to the uk . 
  that does n't mean , though , that we could n't change this policy to have a points based system which would n't have a higher net benefit . 
   actually do n't think there is much need to change . 
  i 'm saying that if there is change it should start there . 
  obviously , the benefit that the uk gets from commonwealth immigration depends on the relevant country ...  as it stands there is far more commonwealth migration than eu migration . 
  something like a 4:1 ratio as well . 
  are your figures here up-to-date ? 
  where are they from ? 
   but we would hurt ourselves because being part of the eu allows the uk to extert some influence over how the trade agreement works and the various regulations that need to be implemented in order to be part of it . 
  if we left we would end up just being dictated too with absolutely zero influence over it . 
  we currently have zero influence over usa regulations and yet they are one of our largest export markets . 
  are you arguing that we join the usa so that we have some influence ? 
   secondly the british government has time and again shown its reluctance and lack of caring for human rights and our environment whereas the eu has had to step in and actually force westminster to change its damaging/illegal policies . 
  you 'll have probably seen the headlines brussels dictates to westminster which omit the various reasons why what westminster has been doing is fucking stupid and or illegal . 
  given the way you are conflating human rights and the european court of human rights with the eu i am just going to have to assume here that you do n't know what you are talking about . 
   thirdly the eu was first and foremost created as a tool and a framework to necessitate peaceful progression on a continent that has seen the start of 2 world wars . 
  this is still relevant today , as a resurgent nationalistic russia is increasing its aggressiveness towards eastern european countries we can not and must not abandon them now . 
  economic warfare is just one of russias tools and leaving the eu would mean leaving our supposed allies out in the cold . 
  as mentioned , the uk is not planning on stopping trading with the eu and is certaintly not going to pull out of nato . 
  military alliances with european countries will obviously continue . 
   i want to see britain take a leading role in the eus development and perhaps we could actually start to help and become a constructive member of the union rather than throwing our toys out the pram and whining when we dont get our way . 
  do you want britain to join the euro ? 
  outside the euro the uk can not really take a leading role in the eu . 
  that 's the reality of the situtation . 
   there is nothing ` obvious ' about such a new relationship . 
  there have been multiple signs that brussels is not going to grant some kind of ` eu-light ' status .
