  the renegotiation will be definition be multilateral , between all governements . 
  the government that you elected will be how you deal with it [ and your government has already indicated that it will renegotiate with the uk ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0df74c62-ff99-11e3-8a35-00144feab7de.html#axzz37q9ksdhu ) . 
  i 'm not sure if you voted for juncker , be he is also apparently committed to renegotiating the uk 's relationship with the eu , including protections for the uk because it will never join the euro etc. 
  hopefully your government will also give you a chance to vote on the new deal , so that you yourself have a direct say . 
   well then complain about your ballots , as i said , they were different in every country . 
  do you know which countries had the names of the spitzenkandidaten on the ballots ? 
  i would be interested to know this . 
   it 's not a preconceived belief that you then check against each case . 
  you check the differences between each case and then decide to make an argument out of them . 
  actually , among other things , things like participation levels , understanding of the system and knowledge of the names of the leaders are of fundamental importance . 
  these things did not just become important in relation to this argument . 
   not much to think about once you 're there . 
  the fact of having names on the ballot changes the campaign prior to the voting itself . 
   this is a pointless discussion because as i said again and again , your arguments could be easily used to make similar points about national elections . 
  and i have demonstrated clear differences from national elections : ( i ) participation levels , ( ii ) understanding of the system , ( iii ) having heard of the person leading the parties . 
   your answer to all this is simply to draw a line where convenient to support your bias . 
  i 'm really not wanting to draw a line . 
  i recognise that this is a difference in degree , rather than a difference in kind . 
  this does not mean that there is n't a difference . 
   i ca n't see how having junker 's name of the ballot , when no one heard of them , would make a difference . 
  i think seeing the name of someone on a ballot paper encourages voters to think about that person . 
  i know it makes me think about it . 
   again there 's plenty to criticise as in any democratic process . 
  ultimately , people have the right to vote , and information is available . 
  yes , but i think my point stands , that the current eu voting system , which is not widely understood , is not a good argument for claiming that the eu voter voted for juncker . 
   when pratically all european governments ( 46 without the uk ) do one thing and only the uk and belarus government do the other thing that deserves an explanation that actually takes these ( namely 46 plus 2 ) points into account . 
  it is worth remembering that those 46 goverments include russia . 
  in my mind , the fact that russia , a state that just annexed crimea and has poor regard for democracy and rule of law , is happy to be in the echr , is indicative of how powerful a system it is . 
  also , i 'm not sure if you have been to the uk or belarus , but i do n't think comparisons between the uk ( in relation to human rights ) and belarus are really very helpful . 
   the tories ' aim however is to weaken ( `` reform '' ) the institutional framework on this continent to increase their own power to set the european agenda . 
  i 'm not sure if you are talking about the eu here or the echr . 
  so it is hard to argue specifically with you . 
   cameron is n't interested in anybody 's `` sovereignty '' , what he envisions is a concerto of a handful of strongmen sitting together and deciding the fate of 700 hundred or so million people . 
  are you talking about the eu or the echr ? 
  both of these bodies were designed by a handful of strongmen sitting together . 
  i would be in favour of the voter being able to get involved in reforming them though . 
  and do you know what ? 
  so is cameron . 
  that 's why he wants the uk public to be able to vote on a new deal with the eu in a refederendum . 
  personally i hope that other countries can vote too . 
   insofar he 's not far apart from putin . 
  actually , both are convinced that 's this is simply how the world is - claiming anything else is just propaganda , they think . 
  you want something ? 
  win merkel , neutralize hollande and/or renzi - and everybody , parties , parliaments , press , civil society , eu institutions , any country with less than 40 million people will just magically fall into line . 
  why ? 
  because that 's simply how the world is run . 
  cameron 's und putin 's whole perception of the world is similar - this is why both tend to resort to conspiracy theories when things happen that simply do n't fit into that worldview . 
  i really do n't think it makes sense to compare cameron and putin . 
  putin just annexed crimea and has scant regard for democracy . 
  cameron has to operate in a mature democracy : he will be up for election in less than 12 months time . 
   the same argument applies to the geneva conventions ? 
  implementation is one thing , actively wanting to be free of the constraints is another . 
  the uk could put in place a regime that respects the liberties of the individual against the state . 
  being constrained by the echr is not , of itself , a good thing . 
  the constraints should be judged on their own merits . 
   he means that the uk government will attempt to protect the city of london in any sanctions to the point of blocking them . 
  which it has in the past , but is unsurprising given that london is essentially the uk 's economic cornerstone . 
  there was an interesting discussion on this sub a few months ago comparing the different attitudes of eu member states towards sanctions . 
  [ there was also an interesting article on openeurope about it . 
  ] ( http://www.openeurope.org.uk/article/page/en/live?id=19876 ) the uk is on the hawkish side against russia ( and has historically been so ) . 
  my understanding is that at the time sanctions were first being discussed , the uk government did not block any sanctions . 
  obviously , it is hard to know which governments did block them , given that these discussions were in private . 
   your argument was : `` european voters have not heard of juncker . '', 
  who cares if it 's on the ballot if they have n't heard of them until they 're about to vote . 
  the name being on the ballot paper is not , i think , irrelevant , but i agree with you , it is only part of the story . 
  however , many brits have heard of their own individual mp . 
  the case with juncker is that people have not heard of him and his name was not on the ballot paper . 
   you probably do , he probably does n't : obviously , even in the uk not everyone understands the system . 
  my own sister , who has extreme special needs and learning difficulties and can hardly talk , obviously does not understand the system . 
  however , a majority of people in the uk understand that the consequence of their vote will shape the government of the uk and the way in which it shapes it . 
  i do n't think the same can be said of the uk . 
   your courts are good but even the bests courts are fallible . 
  are n't british people historically famous for their distrust of the government ? 
  all courts are fallible , which is why there should be an appeal system . 
  in the uk , there is the decision of the high court , that can be appealed to the court of appeal , that can be appealed to the supreme court . 
  there has to be a final court , and of course that final court can get things wrong . 
  however , this problem applies just as much to the echr as it does to the uk supreme court . 
   and again , all those ordinary british people that won their echr cases against the uk gov would probably disagree that you courts are always perfectly capable of administering the justice . 
  yes , those ordinary people that win cases might think that the uk courts are not capable of administering justice . 
  this does not mean that those people are correct though . 
  they include , for example , massey , someone convicted of sexual abuse against children , [ who was awarded damages ] ( http://hudoc.echr.coe.int/sites/eng/pages/search.aspx?i=001-67470# { `` itemid '' :[ `` 001-67470 '' ] } ) because his trial took a long time to come to court . 
  i 'm afraid this does not fill me with confidence about the echr compared to the uk supreme court . 
   and again , your judiciary is n't even properly independent of the legislature what is important is that the judiciary act indendently of the legislature in the administration of justice . 
  the uk does achieve this , even if , as a matter of formality the judiciary might not theoretically be entirely independent . 
  i guess this is just another example of informal mechanisms working in the uk . 
   i think the decision regarding veils was a very bad one , i agree . 
  no one said the echr was perfect . 
  certainly the us supreme court has had it 's share of bad decisions , yet few argue for it 's abolition . 
  i 'm not arguing for the echr 's abolition , but for the uk to pull out of its jurisdiction and put in place a regime that will take into account parliamentary sovereignty in the uk . 
   well , you might argue that the court preventing the state from stripping a criminal of a right endangers other people but that is a very roundabout and flimsy justification for me . 
  better 100 guilty escape than 1 innocent person suffer . 
  is n't your legal system based on the same principle ? 
  ultimately , in a justice system , we have to trust the decisions of a court with a final say . 
  we both agree with this principle , both recognising that it is not perfect and sometimes innocent people will lose out . 
  you think that the echr will do that job best . 
  i am not convinced by that . 
   i always try to upvote you , because you do always argue properly for your positions , but unfortunately , this is reddit , sigh ... 
  many thanks !, 
  i do appreciate that . 
  unfortunately eusceptic posters like me get many many downvotes .
