  thanks , we have voted to leave it and will be leaving soon . 
   before they can form a government of them by them and for them ? 
  they already have a government of them for them and by them . 
  the people forced the government to change its mind about brexit . 
  the government is for the people , not the other way round . 
  in a democracy , when the people and the government disagree about something then it is the government that must change . 
   the people ( tm ) do n't seem to have very many friends left , do they ? 
  the people do n't need friends , they need a government of them by them and for them . 
  edit - dear / r/europe - just a friendly reminder to stop downvoting eusceptics . 
  it is completely contrary to the rediquette and demonstrates an inability to argue . 
  we do n't want to be in a circlejerk , do we ? 
  we want to be the kind of sub where we can debate with people who have different views from us without downvoting them . 
  many thanks in advance . 
   and even now there 's still widespread political consensus for some sort of integration there is currently no consensus about this in uk politics ( other than do all the really trivial stuff like erasmus ... ), 
   in these kind of situations help to avoid brexit kind of situations brexit situations wo n't be avoided in future i do n't think . 
  even though the uk has a particular history which meant that it was likely to be the first country to abandon the eu , the eu remains very unstable partly because other countries ' histories limit their ability to move towards a european federation . 
  i think you 'd need to ask islanders that question . 
  perhaps it is because they are so far away that they want to feel more connected . 
   is this some kind of deep meaning so close yet so far ? 
  the idea of being an island nation , close to the continent yet distinct from it and being protected by the white cliffs of dover is a profoundly strong part of our national identity . 
  it has been incredibly important in our history and culture . 
  stop calling me a nativist , it is designed to offend . 
  i am a globalist . 
  trident is part of the security package defending eastern europe from the russians . 
  you might not value it but eastern europe does . 
  what makes countries rich is being governed well . 
  this normally happens with a liberal democracy . 
  the idea that new zealand will become poor in the future makes no sense . 
  i would consider privatising the bbc ( or at least not requiring non-users to pay for it ) . 
   so it 's not really about sovereignty , it 's about money , got it . 
  money is about sovereignty . 
  but , the uk , inside the eu also does not have the power to enact laws that do not have a financial aspect which are contrary to eu law . 
  that is of course to do with sovereignty . 
   also : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union . 
  an opt-out it not the same as the uk being granted an exception by the eu . 
  the uk simply never agreed to something in the first place . 
  there was no granting from the eu involved . 
   people do n't have that much agency in a mass . 
  in a sense you are simply saying that those people in germany and france that want to be in the eu are being brainwashed by their euphile media . 
  i profoundly disagree with this view . 
  of course , people are somewhat influenced by media , but that is why it is a good thing that in this internet age we are all just a click of a button away from multiple different opinions . 
  ( in the last couple of hours for example i have read many different opinions here on / r/europe from many different sources ) . 
   media was far from robust during the brexit campaign . 
  the reporting ranged from brexit being the best thing since sliced bread to `` eu needs reform and everyone is right to be angry at them but let 's not leave just yet , eh ? '' . 
  you are right that few people expressed the view that the eu did not need any reform . 
  that is partly because that view would not have won any votes and also because almost nobody holds that view , you included . 
  ( personally i find the `` need to reform '' form of words a bit pointless because it is meaningless until you say what reforms are needed . ), 
  however , in terms of whether the uk should remain or leave , there were newspapers and other media expressing both views , which is what you would expect in liberal democracy with a free press . 
  i know it is hard for you , but some people just do not want their country to be in the eu . 
  no point trying to blame the media . 
  ( we should of course all be grateful that we live in liberal democracies with independent , plural and robust media where newspapers can have differing opinions from governments . ), 
   i do n't think there ever was a problem of sovereignty or democracy . 
  inside the eu , the uk can not reduce tariffs on agricultural imports from africa even if it wants to . 
  there is of course a sovereignty aspect to this . 
  there is also ( of course ) a sovereignty question for scotland in relation to any future referendum on independence . 
   has an outsider i spent my entire life hearing about all the exceptions the uk government was granted by the eu . 
  it just gets me a bit on the wrong side when `` guts '' arguments are used . 
  the uk was only ever granted one exception ( the rebate ) . 
  on the euro , that was not an exception granted by the eu , it was simply the case that the uk never agreed to adopt the common currency and the uk was the one that granted the eu the right to use the common currency . 
  ironically , on the question of the euro the uk did not use primarily its guts , but primarily used its head . 
  it was the eu that put in place a whole currency using arguments that made no logical sense . 
  obviously , if you want to build a country it is a logical step , provided that you do not care about a generation of high unemployment and low growth in some parts of the eu . 
   i just think that if you went back in time and told scotland in 2014 that the uk was leaving the eu not many would believe you , even if the situation was has uncertain has you claim . 
  the brexit result was pretty much a surprise for people on both sides of the table . 
  for years the polling within the uk has shown many people have wanted to leave the eu . 
  for years many people in the uk have wanted a referendum on eu membership . 
  the result seems surprising because it was historic , but remember that there were many polls showing leave ahead in the lead up to the referendum and - the uk had been moving further away from the eu since the maastricht treaty . 
   but i also understand that the uk has something to gain from it has well , just because brexit is happening does n't mean all trade deals have to be severely readjusted . 
  a period of adaptation would most likely be the case . 
  i agree , even if scotland were independent , the uk would want a close relationship with it and for their to be free trade and so forth , just as the uk wants to have with ireland . 
  but , if scotland is in the eu scotland would not be able to sign a free trade agreement with the uk . 
  there is uncertainty over the future relationship between the uk and the eu ( just ask ireland how concerning that is - it would be doubly concerning for scotland , which does not even know which currency it would be using on independence ) . 
   i agree to disagree , gut feelings have rarely worked well in the past in terms of political and sociological decisions . 
  i just think using arguments like `` they are our friends '' should n't be a deciding factor in these cases . 
  the question is essentially about who you want to share a country with and who you want to share your democracy with and where you want sovereignty to lie . 
  i do n't think that feelings can be ignored in these kind of decisions . 
   meaning it could go either way , not that it was a certain leave . 
  obviously , it could have gone either way , but i was pointing out that those scots who decided to vote to stay in the uk in 2014 did so knowing that there was a significant chance that the uk would leave the eu . 
   you ca n't use this argument to justify anything , no ( fair ) election has ever had a 100 % support . 
  i am not using it to justify something , i am using it to show that the situation is complex . 
   disagree , it 's actually easier for scotland to get in the eu if there 's no uk to veto such approach . 
  if it 's economically better it 's another story , nobody can say for certain ( same has with brexit ) . 
  the uk would never have vetoed scotland 's entry into the eu . 
  remember , the uk government specifically passed legislation allowing a referendum on scottish independence and would have respected the outcome . 
  the situation was completely different to what is currently happening with spain . 
  the point is that the uk is by far scotland 's largest trade partner , but , now that it is going to leave the eu it is likely to pursue a different path from the eu and scotland will be forced to choose between the uk and the eu . 
  had the uk voted to remain in the eu , that choice would have been less stark . 
   the tories were n't expected to win 2015 outright and the referendum pledge was viewed as something that would be negotiated away in a coalition agreement . 
  actually , the referendum pledge was not going to be negotiated away in a coalition . 
  cameron said multiple times in advance of the general election that it was a red line . 
   that prefer to use the heart and guts for important issues . 
  the decision over where we want the heart of our democracy to lie , with whom we want to suffer common governance , is not something only our heads can tell us . 
  it would be a mistake not to use our hearts . 
   uk will be outcompeted by future superstates , unless it wants to sacrifice some independence , or as you like to call it `` sovereignty '' . 
  not really , singapore or new zealand seem to manage fine . 
   yes , you have too many bigots living in your country . 
  it is not bigoted to want the uk to leave the eu any more than it is bigoted to want scotland to leave the uk . 
  neither position is of itself bigoted . 
   much of us were against scottish referendum because it would mean they would be leaving the eu , now we want them to have independence so they can stay in the eu . 
  supporting a right to vote on independence based on whether or not a state would end up in the eu seems nonsense to me .
