  there are particularly strong italian influences . 
   the greens , lib dems & labour do n't want an eu referendum . 
  that is literally the whole point of ukip . 
  the greens do want an eu referendum . 
   what i do n't understand is why uk is not in the schengen and receives so many eastern europeans immigrants . 
  or it is in the shengen and i just got it wrong ? 
  the uk is not in the schengen-zone ( essentially crossing borders without passports ) but it is in the free movement-of-workers-zone . 
   i 've got a lot of respect for / u/trucidator . 
  too kind ... ;-)  i disagree with him on almost everything . 
  we can write walls of text to each other for ages arguing point by point and still not agree . 
  i seem to recall ( perhaps it was you ? ), 
  that we did end up reaching agreement on the extent to which muslims in general in the uk have a responsibility to deal with islamic-extremism ? 
   there 's a few of them here . 
  / u/trucidator is pretty good anti-eu person to talk to about this as he always has sources , even if i do n't agree with his opinions . 
  you 're too kind !, 
   / r/ukipparty is the ukip subreddit , i 'm sure if you wanted it from the horse 's mouth they 'd be happy to oblige . 
  it would be a mistake to think of ukip as the place to go for euscepticism in the uk . 
  ukip is simply a very good pressure group . 
  in the event that the tories win the general election , and we are faced with a re-negotiation and a refernedum , the political landscape in the uk will look quite different . 
   what do you think about the potential loss of the right to live and work in any eu country ? 
  brits seem to manage to live and work in plenty of countries round the world that are not in the eu . 
  the three most popular destinations for brits are not in the eu in fact . 
  this shows that you do n't need to be in a political structure to be able to go abroad . 
  you just need to have the right skills . 
   with the benefit of hindsight , it would have made sense to never bail out greece in the first place . 
  greece would probably have been better off defaulting early on and the eurozone could have bailed out greece 's creditors instead . 
  i agree , that would have worked out better than what we currently have ... 
   i 'm not entirely sure they really are anti-eu , i think anti-immigration is more what a lot of those people believe . 
  i will vote ukip . 
  i am very pro-immigration but think that the uk should leave the eu . 
   fiscal transfers require a centralization of authority on fiscal policies , ie the eu needs to be able to tell member states how to spend their money - so basically federalization . 
  no , this is only needed for the eurozone . 
  it is not needed for the non eurozone countries in the eu . 
   fiscal transfers of sufficient size are not going to happen . 
  in that case there is n't much point having a common currency in my mind !, 
  either you do it right or you do n't do it !, 
   some apparantly do n't want to deviate from the current path : from what i 've read , prof. sylvester eiffinger for example seems to have a pro-austerity point of view . 
  i have n't heard him talk of debt write-off or fiscal transfers . 
  instead , he hammers on rapid and thorough reform of greece with a general emphasis on proper taxation and the labour market . 
  personally i agree with the position that there does need to be an emphasis on taxation reform and labour market reform in greece . 
  however , i do n't think this is sufficient . 
  i do n't think it is possible to turn greece into the netherlands rapidly . 
  there are too many factors at play . 
  so i think fiscal transfers / debt write-offs are necessary . 
  the uk has had a common currency for 100s of years , with similar labour laws and taxation systems all over it , but there are still massive fiscal transfers around the uk . 
   all economists everywhere is not true : that might go for the anglosphere ( as in , almost exclusively ) , but there seems to be close to a 70/30 split over here at least . 
  i ca n't say for certain what german economists as a whole seem to think , but it is my impression that they are n't near unanimous as well . 
  if you are aware of any economists in netherlands that are seriously proposing an alternative solution for the eurozone , i 'd be interested to read about them !, 
   push further integration & the uk will keep feeling more & more ostracised trough whatever comes with it , be it possible financial regulations to cover the ez that may touch london or any other increased power that the eu gets over it 's members . 
  which financial regulation are you talking about that may touch london ? 
  for the eurozone to be successful , there is n't a need for financial regulation touching london . 
  there is a need for the ecb to have a different manadate , for fiscal tranfers , for strong central eurozone institutions and so forth . 
  it is up to the eurozone to create these things and without them the eurozone will continue to lurch from crisis to crisis , with a generation of jobless youth and low growth . 
  there is no point holding back on the needed changes just because of the uk . 
  the eurozone needs to get on with the necessary changes right now , because of the situtation in greece . 
  the uk is not the problem here . 
  the eurozone 's lack of political will is the problem . 
  you need to elect new politicians that are in favour of massive fiscal transfers . 
   it would suggest that there is only one obvious solution ( as there seems to be so much consensus on the subject ) , but the sheer fact that there is only debate about one certain direction that the eurozone should turn to makes me suspicious . 
  if you can suggest a better solution for the eurozone than the one suggested by the bank of england , do please suggest it !, 
  however , it is not just anglo-saxon economists who propose this . 
  it is all economists everywhere . 
  it would be crazy for the eurozone to ignore the correct message of the bank of england , just because they do n't like the messager or have some weird conspiracy theory or are suspicous !, 
   the problem is that at the same time said `` anglo-saxons '' & a few others would n't want a part in that . 
  this is not a problem . 
  the eurozone can be successful without the uk being part of it . 
  it is n't the anglo-saxons stopping the eurozone from being successful . 
  it is the eurozone 's structure . 
  what is needed is a change in the structure . 
   it could be extremely helpful if the imf is holding a gun to both heads , the ez states and greece . 
  some outside pressure might help merkel domestically - she could claim she was forced to accept a haircut . 
  and if greece has to make further concessions , it might go down better with the voters . 
  with the benefit of hindsight , it would have made sense at the start for the imf to have been on the opposite side of the table from the ecb and the european commission , not on the same side . 
   however , i ca n't see how there would be a third financial package after a haircut . 
  and i ca n't see how greece would do without . 
  depending on how big the haircut to the european creditors is , there would n't need to be a financial package from europe . 
  there could be an imf financial package . 
  however , in the long run , what is needed is obviously fiscal transfers and we do n't seem much nearer to that . 
   well you either consciously or subconsciously made the same apparant mistake as juncker , i.e. 
  speaking of the ` anglo-saxons ' . 
  you literally say that ` the anglo-saxons ' have consistently argued that the eurozone needs to change its structure . 
  when i used the term `` anglo-saxons '' i mean the uk government , the us government and the bank of england . 
  [ these have consistently argued for a change in structure to the eurozone : here is the bofe position for example . 
  ] ( http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/documents/speeches/2015/speech794.pdf ) i 'm not talking about the eu itself . 
  i 'm talking about what is needed to make the eurozone successful . 
   and with finlands centre right party in talks with the finnish eurosceptics over forming a coalition . 
  [ finland is collateralised ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-//ep//text+wq+e-2014-010777+0+doc+xml+v0//en ) ( who knows how legally or politically effective this would really be in practice ! ), 
  so theoretically they are less disincentivised than some from a default ... 
  its going to be interesting to see how the european creditors react to this kind of suggestion , especially if the imf ups the pressure . 
   all of them ? 
  you know the answer . 
  i 've no idea what point you are making here . 
   there 's little reason not to support a multilateral partial haircut if it might lead to an end of this never ending crisis . 
  by multilateral haircut , obviously the imf itself would not be one of those parties to get a haircut . 
  it would be the eu creditors . 
  the imf itself expects to get repaid in full . 
  i think the imf are correct on this . 
  it 's not the anglo-saxons that make the eurozone fragile , it is the eurozone 's internal structure . 
  the anglo-saxons have consistently argued that the eurozone , in order to survive , needs to change its structure . 
  fiscal transfers are needed .
