  scotland and ruk imposing taxes on each other would be bad for both scotland and ruk , which is why i would be very surprised if it ever happened . 
  ( absolutely nobody in scotland is calling for it . ), 
   except that if scotland is not in the eu she will still be politically and economically dependent on the uk wtf ? 
  in some respects , ireland remains politically and economically dependent on the uk now . 
  but when uk joined the eu it wanted ireland to join too . 
  just like it will want scotland to join . 
  there is no way uk is vetoing scotish membership of the eu . 
   i think they will try to go for the euro as soon as posible . 
  i do not think they will exit out of shengen or the `` poundzone '' rather again for reasons of practicality , scottish popular opinion is very against joining the euro . 
  so it would be very surprising if they joined it as soon as they could . 
   small economy , after a political shock , it will be attacked by vultures trying to get a foothold before the political environment gets a grip on the situation . 
  i would try to protect my self from my neighbors . 
  at the end of the day , they are n't scottish companies that pay scottish laborers and scottish taxes . 
  i would like to respond , but it is n't clear to me what policy you are proposing here . 
  are you saying it would benefit scotland if scotland but taxes on products scotland imports from the rest of the uk ? 
  this would just mean that those products would cost more ... 
  thanks . 
  it sounds like the position is still changing on referendums . 
  but wo n't the indivisibility of the spanish state remain an obstacle in terms of the constitution ? 
  do you consider it likely that spain might consent to catalonia having ( legally ) a referendum on indepence in the way that scotland 's referendum is legal ? 
   step 2 , tax the empire , i assume most medium sized companies are local and foreign companies could hamper their growth potential fyi - the empire was always the british empire , never the english empire . 
  there is no circumstances in which it would make sense for scotland to impose import duties on ruk products . 
  ruk is scotland 's largest trading partner . 
  but i agree , they ought to do a business friendly tax code , like ireland . 
   we shall see how the waters settle after the referendum it is likely that `` no '' will win the day in the referendum , so therefore the question will not even arise . 
  if scotland does decide to vote for independence , it will definitely be in ruk 's interests for scotland to be in the eu . 
  there is a small risk that another member state ( perhaps spain ) vetoes spanish membership , but i think this is very unlikely . 
  the terms of scottish membership are the really interesting question here . 
  will scotland have to give up its share of the uk rebate ? 
  will scotland get an opt out of schengen ? 
  will scotland get an opt out of the de jure obligation to join the euro ? 
  will ruk agree to scotland being formally within the poundzone ? 
  these are the real questions . 
   what would they ever do , they 're going to regres to medieval ways in no time . 
  england is going to veto scotish admission anyway . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about do you ? 
  there is absolutely zero chance of ruk vetoing scotland 's membership of the eu . 
   the opposition party 's , psoe , main campaign is changing the constitution . 
  that 's a huge percentage of the rest of spain , and a huge percentage of catalonia . 
  thanks . 
  i thought that even under the psoe 's proposed constitutional changes a catalan independence vote would still be unconstitutional ? 
  thanks . 
  from what i can gather , the most pro-eu part of the uk is london and then the south east . 
   scotland is very pro-europe so scottish independence will make the anti-eu sentiment in the rest of the uk stronger . 
  source ? 
  i thought scots were only marginally more pro-eu than the english . 
   you are correct , this is all established in the vienna convention on succession of states in respect of treaties ( pdf ) . 
  i do n't think the vienna convention applies here ( other than being , arguably , a codification of customary international law ) as none of the relevant parties ( uk , spain , eu ) are signatories, 
   would the ruk be willing to share a currency with scotland similar to how the ecb is shared among the ez ? 
  personally i think that in the end , ruk would accept a currency union with scotland . 
  there would be lots of complaints and arguments , but i think in the end rukers ( i suppose i ca n't say english here ... ) are pragmatic and it is likely that poundzone would be a sensible solution . 
  there are other possible solutions too though - like the quasi poundzone that uk and ireland had for a while . 
  if ruk and scotland do negotiate a currency union , with the bank of england being shared by ruk and scotland then it would need to be very tightly managed . 
  if the bank of england was ultimately responsible for the liabilities of scottish banks and perhaps also scottish sovereign debt , then scotland and ruk would need to agree a policy on budgets and deficit levels ( a bit like the eurozone now has with the fiscal compact , though probably even tighter and more managed ) . 
  and , really , what is the point of scotland disolving the union england only to enter immediately into another union with england in which once again england controls what scotland spends ? 
  its not very exciting !, 
  personally if i were scottish i would want full on independence norwegian style and be able to spend exactly what i wanted . 
  but i do n't think the majority of scots want this . 
  britain 's peer has always been france and france 's peer has always been britain . 
  britain and france in the long term just want to be at eye level with each other . 
  obviously there have always been and there always will be ebbs and flows in international relations and sometimes britain will have the upper hand and sometimes france will . 
  but this game has being going on for roughly a millennium so if uk leaves the eu a few years before france does , it 's no big deal . 
  i am sure in the long run we will maintain the balance of power . 
  britain and france are not really peers with switzerland or the us or china or russia and we know that . 
  germany is close to being a peer of britain and france and perhaps we might let germany in the club but definitely not this century . 
  as for the world stage , i am just way less confident than you are about predicting what will happen in the future . 
  there are just too many unknown unknows . 
   re 6 : obviously every existing member could veto any new accession , even rspain scotland 's or ruk catalonia 's . 
  not that i think this is likely , just for completeness ' sake . 
  agreed - they will have a legal right which they wo n't exercise . 
   re 7 : i believe scotland could probably get a schengen opt-out but i doubt that the newer members that are obliged to introduce the euro or already have done so would feel any need to give special treatment to even newer members in that regard . 
  agreed . 
  that 's why i wrote ( 8 ) . 
  i think scotland would much prefer a de jure opt out , but a de facto opt out would just about be acceptable to them . 
  obviously , the position with scotland being in the poundzone is whole other question !, 
  all spain needs is a right of veto and i am pretty sure they will get that . 
  in that case hopefully britain and france can both together leave the eu ... that way the germans will not be inconsiderate towards us ;-), 
  i 'd say the justinian code had a relatively minor impact on the english common law . 
  ( fyi scotland has a different legal system from england . ), 
  zero ... 
   however , catalans are entitled to campaign peacefully and democratically to have the constitution changed which is what those in favour of independence have done up to now ( to their credit ) . 
  i agree that this reflects well on catalonia . 
  the fact that the rest of spain have said that they will not consider changing the constitution ( under any circumstances , ever ) reflects very poorly on the rest of spain though . 
   according to spiegel online ( german ) , it is indeed the first time in its history that the german constitutional court hands a case over to the ecj . 
  and this does make this a truly fascinating case from the point of view of a constitutional lawyer . 
   only vaguely negative towards the scottish attempt was the idea that spain would try to block it . 
  spain does n't want to block scotland 's membership of the eu . 
  it just wants the right to be able to block it , so that it can use it as a threat against catalonia ... 
  my prediction for this legal advice is : ( 1 ) the starting point will be customary international law on succession of states . 
  ( 2 ) customary international law distinguishes between ( i ) the case of the break up of ussr ( in which russia was viewed as a `` continuator '' state , taking on the former ussr 's treaty obligations and rights while other successor states such as ukraine were viewed as new states , not taking on the former ussr 's treaty obligations and rights ) and ( ii ) the case of the break up of yugoslavia , in which all the successor states were viewed as new states , even serbia which wanted to be viewed as a continuator state . 
  ( 3 ) assuming the uk breaks up into ( a ) scotland and ( b ) ruk , while spain breaks into ( a ) catalonia and ( b ) rspain , in both cases ( a ) will be viewed as a new state , while ( b ) will be viewed as a continuator state . 
  that is to say the model that will be followed will be the break up of the ussr rather than the break up of yugoslavia , on the basis of size of population and size of territory . 
  the consequence of this is that ruk and rspain will maintain the treaty rights and obligations that uk and spain had , while scotland and catalonia will start again from scratch . 
  ( 4 ) the consequence of this will be that neither scotland or catalonia would automatically be members of the eu while both ruk and rspain would . 
  ( 5 ) both catalonia and scotland already apply eu law on their territories and their citizens are already eu citizens . 
  therefore the accession arrangements could be entirely different from the accession arrangements of other acceding states ( e.g. 
  macedonia and serbia ) . 
  rather than a lengthy process of accession , the process could be an extremely speedy one . 
  it would be possible , for example , to time scotland becoming a member of the eu with scotland becoming independent from ruk , so in practice there would be no time in which scotland would not be part of the eu . 
  ( 6 ) in order to become member states , every other existing member state would have to accept catalonia and scotland into the eu .
