   why is this controversial ? 
  switzerland backed out of the treaty , so why ca n't we break off the rest of the treaty ? 
  we can . 
  though is it in our interests to put up barriers to trade between the eu and switzerland ? 
  just because we can do something , does n't mean that it makes sense to do it . 
   so the uk will probably try to put pressure on the other eu countries during the negotiations of how the eu should react to this , they might even publicly threaten with veto to gain leverage in the negotiations or earn points with the domestic electorate , but when it comes down to it they will probably not use their veto power . 
  i agree with your analysis , the uk will try initially to build a coalition of the willing , most likely with the dutch , the swedes and the danes . 
  however , if that coalition fails , it is likely that david cameron will be put under a lot of pressure to threaten the veto and potentially even use it . 
  david cameron has already showed that he is willing to use the veto to protect uk interests . 
  any other sources for the use of the guillotine clause requiring unanimity ? 
  there was some discussion yesterday on this sub of it not requiring unanimity . 
  if unanimity is required , this is great news . 
  it is definitely not in the uk 's national interest to put in place barriers to trade with switzerland so hopefully the uk will veto the guillotine . 
  good times . 
  yeah , redrawing national borders in europe ? 
  that sounds problem-free / s. 
  of course ww1 was not a success . 
  but there was nothing the uk could do to stop the war . 
  what could the uk have done differently ? 
  anyway , my point still stands . 
  if you consider 300 years of history , british foreign policy in europe has been mostly successful . 
  the euro was successful in the early 2000s when credit was cheap . 
  but the mark of a successful currency is not what happens in good times , but what happens in bad times . 
  there are many historic examples of orderly breakups of currency union in history . 
  for example of the uk/ireland currency union break up . 
  or the czech/slovack currency union break-up . 
  these break ups did n't lead to war or violence or poverty . 
  we might well see scotland / england end a currency union in the near future and again it could be perfectly orderly . . 
  i do n't think the eu has caused peace in europe . 
  instead i think it has mainly been caused by ( 1 ) nato ( 2 ) democracy ( 3 ) increased trade in europe and ( 4 ) memories of ww2 . 
  the idea that the end of the eurozone would cause war strikes me as peculiar scaremongering . 
  i agree that the primary responsibility for the problems in cyprus and greece are with the cypriot and greek political class . 
  however , the problems were inevitable and they were widely predicted before the euro came in to being . 
  if greece had had its own currency , the current problems would be less a severe and there would be less unemployment and human misery . 
   rarely does a limit in immigration stem from a rational reason , but i suppose you are right . 
  i suppose some of the reasons to oppose entirely free borders might be to ensure that high standards of welfare can be maintained , to ensure social cohesion , to limit crime and to ensure known criminals/terrorists ca n't enter a country and so forth . 
  these things strike me as rational ( at least in theory ) . 
  what happens in practice might be a bit different . 
   but what can we/they do ? 
  skilled labour is always in demand abroad . 
  they ca n't turn the country into a prison ... again . 
  it does like options are very limited here and perhaps there is no hope . 
  i suppose the only options are ( 1 ) to make bulgaria ( etc ) a better option or ( 2 ) to make uk ( etc ) a worse option for them : ( 1 ) poverty in bulgaria and romania is ( and here i am going to simplify massively ) caused by very high levels of corruption and poor government structures . 
  bulgarians have very low confidence in government institutions . 
  my bulgarian friends ( okay , my sample size here is three people and they are people who have chosen to live in the uk ... ) do not see this changing . 
  there was an intial hope that after 1989 bulgaria would move become more like a western democracy ( like poland , czech , slovakia and to a lesser extent hungary have managed ) but it seems like in the last decade there have been no improvements . 
  perhaps high levels of skilled people leaving will focus the minds of bulgaria into improving the situation , but i am not hopeful . 
  to reform fundamentally , a real hero is needed and i do n't think anyone in s.e. 
  european politics is really up to it ? 
  can the eu really do much here ? 
  ( 2 ) it is on balance in britain 's interests to welcome highly skilled people to britain and we have done better than most countries at finding these people jobs . 
  but one of the reasons why we need bulgarian doctors ( and it professionals etc ) is because britain does not train enough british people to do those things . 
  instead there are high numbers of british people on benefits with no skills who are a huge drain on britain . 
  while i personally am happy that we welcome highly skilled immigrants , our primary obligation as a nation ought to be to ensure that british people have the skills needed , rather than relying on immigrants to do jobs we ca n't or wo n't do . 
  but , realistically , changing britain to make british people do the jobs they do n't do is quite a monumental task . 
  neither cameron or miliband are up to it . 
  ( we need another thatcher to reform fundamentally ... ) i suppose one solution might be quotas , swiss-style . 
  but this ( in my mind would be a taping over the problem rather than really addressing it ) . 
  also , as a libertarian i always applaud when individuals make choices ( like moving from one place to another place for a better life ) . 
  i 've done this myself after all . 
   we 're all xenophobic , one way or the other . 
  i think if we say that everyone is xenophobic , then the word sort of becomes meaningless though . 
  also , is the desire to limit immigration necessarily a xenophobic one ? 
  there may be rational reasons for seeking to limit immigration that do n't stem from a fear or hatred of others . 
   yeah . 
  it is not racist , because this is n't tied to a specific race , it 's xenophobic , because it is tied to the fact that immigrants are foreigners . 
  there is no country in the world that has completely open borders though , all countries have some restrictions . 
  every country in the eu limits immigration in some way to countries outside the eu . 
  by your own definition portugal and the eu are xenophobic . 
   i 'm not sure if whether the smaller , more old people friendly , cities in the uk are that attractive to southern europeans , but i think only they or some statistics could really prove it one way or the other . 
  do you know any southern european pensioners ? 
  i know a whole load . 
  as a class , they tend not to have good english and tend to be very involved in their local communities . 
  as much as i like the yorkshire dales , you wo n't find many portuguese people moving there to retire . 
  of course , there are southern europeans who are retired in the uk . 
  but they tend to be people that moved to the uk to work and then stayed on . 
   what i mean is that there is a trait in uk politics or thinking which aims for the dissolution of the eu . 
  as i said , the uk has always tried to prevent the emergence of a major power on the continent . 
  that is a strategy that dates back to the napoleonic wars or earlier . 
  in the post-war period , the uk first tried to hamper the eu by founding a competing organisation , efta , and then joined to prevent eu integration from the inside . 
  you 're right that uk 's long-term foreign policy objective is for there to be a balance of power in europe . 
  ( this policy has been mostly successful if you consider the last 300 years . ), 
  there might be some people who would prefer for the eu to disband completely , but this is a very minority view , even among ukip ( and i write as a ukip member ) . 
  most people in the uk who would prefer uk to withdraw from the eu do not really have strong views on what the eu does when the uk leaves ( though of course everyone acknowledges that a brexit is bound to have some impact on reu ) . 
   a member of the house of lords even sponsored a competition for the best proposal for dissolving the euro . 
  and clearly a breakup of the ezone would result in a breakup of the eu . 
  a clean and orderly breakup of the euro would not necessarily result in the end of the eu . 
  look at afd in germany , they are arguing for germany to come out of the euro but stay in the eu . 
  the view that the euro has brought huge problems to europe ( and particularly greece and cyprus ) really is n't just a uk view . 
  this view is widely shared . 
   but i 'm not so sure a southern european pensioner would be attracted to the climate they 've lived their whole life in . 
  but a pensioner living in malaga is hardly going to upsticks any move to manchester , are they ? 
  but the other way round ... 
   it is a problem ... and increasingly more of one without any obvious solutions . 
  bulgarian friends of mine living in london say that bulgaria is basically finished . 
  ( i ca n't tell if they are just being bleak and dramatic or this is a real sentiment ) . 
  emmigration in europe is much more of a problem than immigration is . 
  when talented british people move out of britain to work elsewhere , our economy is not too badly affected as that trend is compensated by immigration . 
  in countries like bulgaria and romania , the lack of doctors and so forth is now causing real problems . 
   what about those who want the union to be disbanded ?
