  not really . 
  the uk has not had a strong industrial base for years ( and does not really need one ) . 
   but do n't worry , it 's already happening . 
  inflation in the uk is currently at 0.9 % , below the bank of england 's target . 
   i refuse to believe that nothing has happened . 
  you lose 20 % to 30 % of the trading value of your currency , something , somewhere , somehow fell apart catastrophically , that 's guarantied , yet there 's no such news anywhere about anything . 
  the last time sterling fell dramatically a period of strong economic growth followed . 
  there is no reason why things should be any different this time round . 
  personally i voted and campaigned for leave and was sure that there would be no harmful economic consequences . 
  i am not surprised that there has n't been any . 
  this will also be a three-line whipped vote , so in fact your original post is still relevant ... 
   wait a second , did n't you leave the eu cause things were going terribly bad in your country ? 
  no , we left the eu because things are going terribly badly in the eu . 
   i 'm not sure the tories could call a general election and survive it . 
  right now it 's mid term , and i bet they 've lost a huge portion their remain crowd - this is not enough to hold up against labour or the lib dems . 
  tories would gain seats rather than lose them . 
  the uk has democracy . 
  getting rid of common law or writing down a constitution is not needed by the uk right now . 
  some important constitutional principles are not written in any law . 
  that is why i prefer unwritten to uncodified . 
  but , both terms are used . 
  username checks out, 
  fair enough . 
  personally i am not sure if the eu will really be able to get it together to do another renegotiation as the fundamental problems they have with agreeing anything still seem to there . 
  however , we do live in unpredictable times and the only certainties are death and taxes ... 
  yes it can . 
  but that takes time and i do n't think that anyone wants too much delay . 
   would be interesting to see the eu offer may something she could sell to the british public , an improved renegotiation ? 
  i think this is more about the fact that merkel secretly agreed with the uk 's position here ... uk does now have more leverage , but i think that leverage should be used on the way out rather than as a back-door-to-remain . 
  it would be insane if we closed it . 
  ( the only thing to be aware of is that we would be profiting from the brain drain of other countries and this may raise some more complex issues ... ), 
  and , if you are still involved with politics ( i seem to recall you were involved with the german pirates , but politically felt your natural home was somewhere between the sdp and the fdp ... ) i hope you are enjoying it and staying on the right track !, 
  history turns out not to have ended . 
  there is no ultimate and inevitable destination for humanity in general or europe in particular . 
  this makes politics seem even more important and interesting - it can really change things . 
  thanks . 
  also , do n't you owe me a beer ?!, 
  or perhaps it is me that owes the beer . 
  either way , i recall that when i first started posting on this sub at the end of 2013 , i asked you which was more important to you - eu federalising or the uk staying in the eu . 
  i did n't think that you could have both of these , but you refused to choose , saying that both were equally important . 
  now it seems that the choice is made for you . 
  perhaps you may get one of your wishes , perhaps neither . 
  i am also a geek ( when it comes to law ... ) ;-)  it is basically a set of rules that slowly becomes law . 
  the idea that a judge can `` find '' law is something to think about . 
  the judge do not create law , as the law was already there , the judge just notices that said law exist . 
  this is one of the premises of the common law . 
  the uk 's legal and constitutional system being out-of-step with most legal and constitutional systems in the eu . 
  this is one of the reasons why the uk did not fit comfortably into the eu way of doing things and why i voted `` leave '' . 
  out of interest is this how it works in germany ? 
  or elsewhere ? 
  do you think it works well ? 
   would n't it be time to finally write a constitution in uk . 
  no thanks . 
  i want the uk 's constitution to be flexible and evolve gradually over time . 
  i think this is the best way to respond to events . 
   is there a discussion about this in uk or do you have any thoughts about it ? 
  there is almost no discussion about this and it does not appear that there is any popular appetite for a written constitution at all . 
   it can not be compelled but it can be restricted to the extent that it would need to repeal any restrictive law that it wished to ignore . 
  this is not an example of parliament being restricted . 
   so you would therefore support parliament removing any and all laws that hinder the brexit process ? 
  we will wait the final judgment of the supreme court , but likely the only obstacle will be the absence of an express parliamentary authority . 
  that is to say , one new law will need to be created and none will need to removed to trigger article 50 . 
  it will make sense for the eca to be repealed on exit . 
   is n't it the case that a huge swathe of existing uk law exists by way of our eu membership obligations ? 
  hence we are in a position where these laws need to be re-ratified , or newly created in order to simply remain in a situation where we have sufficient laws to protect the existing rights of citizens . 
  the government has already declared that it will enact legislation to avoid legal vacuums as part of a great repeal bill . 
  this position is a sensible one . 
  actually i do n't think people thought that the government would ignore the result , given that the government sent a leaflet to every household in the land saying that it would abide by the result . 
   that would probably make the brits keen to reform their old system . 
  as dicey , our most famous constitutional theorist once said '' * in the evolution of our constitution there shall be no resting place * '' . 
  there is no need to make any kind of dramatic reform , though perhaps another evolutionary step will occur if the house of lords are difficult ... ;-), 
   i ca n't see why intentionally lying to the public to pursue your own agenda ( like the daily mail does on a regular basis ) should be ok . 
  i am not convinced that there is a good way of regulating this without giving undue control to the government . 
  i do n't know enough about afd or fn to comment about whether or not they are extreme as i do n't know enough about their ideologies , traditions or policies . 
  from what i have read it seems that afd are becoming more extreme , while fn are becoming less extreme , but my picture is very incomplete . 
   they 're the british version of fn , afd and the scores of other ultra-nationalist parties ceiling up around europe . 
  of course they 're extremist . 
  when judging whether or not a political party is extreme , it is helpful to look at its ideology and policy positions . 
  ukip 's are not extreme . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not extreme . 
  wanting to reduce immigration is not extreme . 
  calling them ultra-nationalist makes no sense . 
  this was my fear , but in recent days several hol spokespeople have indicated that they will not try and hold up / stop the article 50 process . 
  we will have to see though . 
   i 'm not trying to be rude or anything . 
  but just give me a para that you think would chime with me , what is wrong now/before ? 
  the eu legislative system is confusing and opaque and has little buy-in from citizens , who feel much closer to their own parliaments . 
  but the eu legislative system has huge power in many areas directly impacting the lives of citizens . 
  this leads politicians in member states to blame the eu for various things . 
  now that the uk is leaving the eu , uk politicians will be forced to take responsibility and will not be able to blame the eu any more . 
  this is good for democracy . 
  the most important principle of the uk 's unwritten constitution is that parliament is sovereign and can not therefore be legally compelled to do anything . 
  personally i support this principle and thus , even though i voted for brexit , i think a political compulsion is more important than a legal compulsion . 
   are n't there still anti-brexit forces in the uk political landscape ? 
  yes , that is one of the consequences of living in a democracy - people have different views . 
  but the pro-brexit forces will win this one as they won the referendum and control the government . 
  ant -- brexit forces can delay this , but they can not stop it . 
  if hol try to stop this , the government 's options are ( i ) fill the hol with new tory peers supporting the government or ( ii ) call a new general election with a manifesto commitment to leave the eu , triggering the [ salisbury convention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salisbury_convention ) . 
  i am not sure if the hol are really up for the fight though . 
   i suspect that , similar to the netherlands , they introduced the concept of a referendum without actually changing their constitution ( or whatever document the uk has ) .
