  i agree with you that greece needs to fundamentally change institutions , but i think it has a better chance of doing this outside the euro ( though it will happen in an uncertain way ) . 
  as for strangling the economy : how much has the economy shrunk over the last five years ? 
  how high is unemployment ? 
  how many of the brightest and best young greeks left greece to go to the uk , germany , usa etc ? 
  to me it seems that they have been strangled . 
  inside the eurozone , whatever government the greeks vote for , they are stuck with the memorandum imposed by the troika . 
  effectively , there is no point in them having national elections , external parties decide their policies . 
  this is a terrible humiliation for a proud people : outside the euro that can start to reclaim their national democracy . 
  ( this was the main criticism of the euro by the uk maastricht rebels in the 1990s - in the end it would destroy national democracy . ), 
  the euro is managing to kill itself . 
  all we need to do is watch . 
  ultimately it is for the people to decide . 
  i might be in the minority , but the correct way of making a decision like this is to ask the people . 
  it is n't the uk and the usa that designed the euro . 
  it is the eu . 
  the uk and the usa are the ones saying that the eurozone needs to become a real monetary union , with pooled debts and fiscal transfers . 
  it 's not the uk and the usa 's fault that despite the emergency the eurozone still refuses . 
  they 'll find out . 
  let 's trust the people . 
  women have the same votes in switzerland as men . 
  they can get rid of the debt , have a different monetary policy and drastically depreciate their currency . 
  it is not a sufficient solution , but it is now a necessary one . 
  of course , even better would be eurobonds and a transfer union , which was what syriza seemed to want . 
  unfortunately the german taxpayer seems not to understand that this is necessary for a monetary union to work . 
  yeah , i agree that it is an emergency in greece . 
  i was thinking it is kind of an interesting comparison ... 
  wow - uk talks about a referendum for like a decade and we still do n't know the date of it !, 
  greece sorts it all out in a week !, 
  that would have been better for greece had they defaulted five years ago . 
  if anything a transfer union has moved further away as the views of the populations of the creditor nations seem to have entrenched ... 
  the politicians and experts did not do a good job with the greek economy over the last few years . 
  i agree . 
  ultimately a nation needs to think about the long term and for this reason they should vote no . 
  it seems unlikely that in the medium term the eu will become the fiscal union it needs to be . 
  there is no point greece waiting for it . 
  they have already waited five years . 
  outside of the eurozone they can have a new currency and devalue . 
  ultimately they need gifts not loans from the eurozone and those gifts are not coming . 
  it is great that the greeks can decide their future . 
  the eu needs more referendums , not fewer . 
  agreed , very good move . 
  involve the people and let them own it . 
  it works great in switzerland . 
  it worked great in scotland with their referendum . 
  greece can certainly use it right now . 
  i would vote you for mod . 
   as an economist i have to use a lot of latin words like per capita , pro rata , de facto , de jure , cum div , ex div etc. 
  as a lawyer i am using a lot of latin words too ... 
   if italy leaves the eu , we will get the blame of collapsing the entire thing for decades with luck , you 'll be able to blame the uk and greece for collapsing it . 
   so it was n't just simply a kick the can extension , it was an agreement to do it and 5 months to settle the details . 
  not quite . 
  greece is still basically bankrupt . 
  every single agreement that does not involve writing off debts is kicking a can . 
  the debt repayment schedule continues , the greek economy is back in recession . 
  even if they had agreed the five month extension , they would still be needing to meet again in five months time , with pretty much exactly the same problems are there are now . 
  if what is happening in calais were happening in dover , the uk media would be in a frenzy and would not rest until a politician did something . 
  already the uk media are in a frenzy and it is not even taking place in the uk . 
  this sort of shows the difference between our countries ... 
  yes , i think that 's the misunderstanding . 
  the army in the uk are involved in all kinds of relatively mundane things : e.g. 
  they did a lot of the security for the olympics . 
  i do n't think people think of them as being sinister ... 
  a five month extension makes no sense . 
  it would just mean we all have exactly the same arguments in five months time , with the greek economy in an even worse state than it currently is . 
   how can we change the law if half european countries veto it 'cause they prefer the status quo ? 
  if you do n't like an eu law , the options are to get an opt out in advance ( e.g. 
  uk with the euro , deficit limits , schengen etc ) . 
  another good option is to leave the eu completely . 
  then you can make your own laws . 
  yes , the risk of doing a deal with syriza for the troika is that it will incentivise the radical left elsewhere in the eu and particularly spain . 
  this is why syriza must be humiliated and be seen to be humiliated . 
  to kill off podemos . 
  i actually think he is doing a relatively good job at moderating this sub . 
  i 've been reasonably impressed . 
  the midlands are not white . 
  white places in the uk are the lake district , the south west , parts of the north west , northern ireland and quite a bit of scotland and wales . 
  i 'm comparing the reasons why lithuanians want to go to live in the uk compared to the reasons why the calais migrants want to go and live in the uk . 
  the reasons are broadly similar . 
  why do you think lithuanians want to go and live in the uk ? 
   i just hope renzi will remove sanctions on russia . 
  renzi wo n't do this . 
  renzi is just not the type of guy who will ever stand up to europe or play hardball . 
   us too . 
  ( we all knew cameron was the big winner of the danish election ) britain < 3 denmark . 
  i am old enough to remember the 1992 danish referendum on maastricht . 
  i was a child and during dinner my father insisted that we listed to the news on the radio ( my mother normally wanted the radio off ) . 
  my father cheered when it was announced that denmark voted `` no '' . 
  this vote gave massive confidence to the british eusceptics . 
  there was a beheading in the uk of a service man by an islamic extremist a couple of years ago . 
  france has a bigger islamic population than the uk . 
   honest question : what is wrong with french society , that you have so many terrorists ? 
  obviously muslims in other countries are even less likely to become terrorists than french muslims . 
  i seriously ask , what 's wrong with france , that drives so many of you to become terrorists ? 
  actually i do n't think that there is really a significant statistical difference between france and the uk in this regard . 
   do they want to get hated more and more ? 
  the people that do these attacks obviously do want more division . 
   attentat in saint-quentin-fallavier ( near lyon ) , france so rather than now writing in english and then translating into french , you are now just writing sentences with random french and english words all mixed up ? 
  french eusceptics ... 
  if i were french i expect i would vote for debout la france . 
  ( i do n't know loads and loads about them though ! ),
