  this means a presentation of all available facts ( other than in exceptional mitigating circumstances ) . 
  here , the identity of the co-pilot is a relevant fact . 
   http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/04/eu-ecb-courts-idusl5n0w61h320150304 i 'm aware of this ruling . 
  there is a separate point that it is extremely concerning that the ecb even brought the case in the first place . 
   trying to = / = did . 
  also who are `` they '' ? 
  they is the european commission . 
  the uk is fighting this in the courts . 
   the current opinion is not `` we have the better deal '' , it 's `` let 's wait and see '' . 
  out of interest , is there any polling on this ? 
  [ looking at the wikipedia article on the subject the most recent poll from august of 2014 showed that by an overwhelming majority norwegians were in favour of not joining the eu . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norway%e2%80%93european_union_relations ) to me , this does not indicate `` let 's wait and see '' . 
  is there any other recent polling that is n't on here ? 
   using that to say `` they have a better deal and we should do the same '' is not taking reality into account . 
  whether norwegians have a better deal or not is a matter of opinion . 
  opinion polling seems to indicate that norwegians think it is better . 
  i agree with them , but as mentioned , i think that the uk should negotiate an individual relationship with the reu . 
   not in germany . 
  this story is global . 
  there is no way it does not get released somewhere and then become well known . 
  thanks - you are probably right . 
  if this is the case , the pilot , who would have have said this , presumably knowing that it might not be true and death was likely for all , would have acted heroically . 
  but i suppose this is speculation . 
  had history been different , then perhaps norwegians would have a different view now . 
  however , i think we should base our view of what norwegians want on the basis of actual history rather than alternative history . 
  i might just as well argue that had brits not joined the eu in the first place , we would not be thinking about joining now . 
   i 'm saying that open europe at best says leaving wo n't be good for the uk . 
  no , this is not what it says . 
  the report puts best case scenario as a boost to gdp . 
  the central prediction is that a brexit would not significantly impact gdp . 
  i think it would be worth you reading the report . 
  the name is going to be released anyway , by the media . 
  also , in the interests of justice , his name should be released . 
  i know it sucks to be his family , but that does not outweigh the wider interest . 
  one thing i am not understanding : if the crew were banging on the door , would n't the passengers know that something was wrong ? 
   yes but if we were n't in the eu it 'd be in the eu 's interest which is a far larger opponent . 
  at the very least they 'd allow germany to take the gloves off in this regard . 
  i think you are somewhat overestimating the ability of frankfurt to become a global financial centre in the way that london is . 
  spending a weekend in frankfurt is a revealing experience !, 
  the eurozone is already butthurt that the uk is not in it and two thirds of meps already consider finance to be a kind of anglo-saxon conspiracy . 
  they are already somewhat interested in taking finance from london . 
  this is not a reason to stay in the eu . 
  if your definition of eurosecpticism is that the eu should focus on trade rather than become a federal superstate , then openeurope is eusceptic . 
  however , i do n't think this is the conventional definition of euscepticsm . 
  also , i still find your argument a bit odd . 
  essentially you are saying that we should disregard openeurope 's economic arguments about a brexit even though you acknowledge that openeurope supports the economic parts of the eu . 
   why on earth would the eu care about moving what london does ? 
  they already care , which is one of the reasons the ecb took the uk to court over clearing houses being able to be located in the uk , why they are trying to put in place a ftt which would disproportionately impact the uk and why they have legislated against bankers bonuses , which disproportionately impacts the uk . 
  separately , as you know , countries within the eu already compete with each other in all kinds of ways , hence different tax regimes and so forth . 
  germany specifically has tried to gain market share in the finance industry for frankfurt . 
  this is in the german interest whether or not the uk is in the eu . 
  openeurope is not a eusceptic propaganda machine . 
  what makes you say that they are ? 
  have you read their report ? 
  i think you would find it interesting . 
   what exactly do you think the uk would get out of any negotiation ? 
  an opt out of payments ? 
  an opt out of eu laws ? 
  greater influence on what happens in the eu ? 
  and end to freedom of movement ? 
  if you are really interested in these questions , i would recommoned you read the open europe report in full , which discusses them in considerable depth . 
  what the uk gets out of the negotiations , obviously depends on where those negotiations end up , and that is uncertain . 
  i 'm happy to tell you my own preferences and what i think is realistic if that 's what you are interested in . 
   going into efta/eea does n't affect trade : that stays that same , and a significant , even disproportionate , amount of that eu trade is with ireland . 
  agreed . 
   the eu is also the uk 's biggest import market , accounting for half of the uk 's import trade . 
  yes , i have made the point that the reu exports a huge amount to the uk . 
  this strengthens the uk 's bargaining position . 
   going from being an eu member to an efta/eea member does n't get the uk out of its dues to the eu , whatever the tories and ukip might believe . 
  it does reduce those dues . 
  i am not arguing that the uk should join the efta or the eea , i think the uk should negotiate a new position . 
  however , i think that the eea or efta arrangement would suit the uk better than eu membership ( in the same way as these arrangements are preferred by the swiss and norwegian people ) . 
   the uk will go from having input on eu law and the ability to negotiate opt-outs to having zero ability to do either . 
  this really depends on the field of law in fact and if you read the report you will see that it is considerably more nuanced than your summary suggests . 
  as mentioned , i would prefer the eea or efta option to eu membership , but think that the uk can negotiate something different . 
   what 's left is freedom of movement , and if that goes then your ' a huge number of peple move from the eurozone to the uk to live every day ' point goes away too . 
  not really . 
  i think that the uk should continue to welcome many migrants from across the globe , without being part of free movement . 
  ( this is something that many countries in the world do , like usa , australia and canada . ), 
   you 'll also see a significant drop in fdi as the uk further marginalises itself . 
  the uk is not going to be marginalised any more than switzerland is marginalised . 
  as i am sure you know switzerland , canada , hong kong etc all receive huge fdi without being in the eu . 
   of course , being irish , that 's to our direct benefit , as we 'll probably be the primary recipient , which might help compensate for the damage a uk exit would do to our economy . 
  almost nobody in ireland wants a brexit and everyone in ireland would like , if the uk left the eu , for a new relationship to be negotiated to ensure trade can continue . 
  i agree with them on getting the new relationship . 
   they are turning people more and more xenophobic though . 
  actually , i do n't think there is any evidence whatsoever that brits are becoming more xenophobic . 
  i note that a recent world attitude survey indicated that brits are among the least racist peoples on the planet . 
  certainly , compared to a lot of continental europe ( try italy and spain ! ), 
  brits are considerably less racist or xenophobic . 
  i think this is one of the key reasons why the uk is such popular destination for people from all over the world . 
  that and the very good jobs market . 
  gdp at market prices , the metric used by eurostat . 
   if the uk is outside the eu , do you really think the eu as a whole really gives that much of a damn about accommodating the uk ? 
  it 'll be efta/eea , or bugger off . 
  the uk is the reu 's largest export market . 
  a huge number of peple move from the eurozone to the uk to live every day . 
  on a range of diplomatic , military and trading matters it will be in the interests of the reu to have a relationship with the uk . 
   britain first are the most dangerous movement of the lot . 
  their facebook propaganda division is doing quite well after all , and they 've now supposedly organised their own paramilitary `` protection squadron '' for nigel farage out of their ex-servicemen contingent and a few surplus military vehicles .
