  my point stands , does n't it ? 
  why would i do that job when it just does n't interest me ? 
  there 's no point putting up the salary to try and attract me , when someone else from a different country , equally capable , will do it for less money . 
   the calculation was that the enlarged eu would just grind to a halt due to cumbersome decision making processes . 
  and in a way it was the correct calculation to make . 
  the uk wanted a wider europe rather than a deeper europe . 
   i recall recent articles about how many bureaucrats in brussels earn more than major world leaders . 
  how much they get paid should n't really be a function of how tough the requirements are/how qualified the people are . 
  it should be a function of how much is needed to pay them in order to attract them . 
  in my view ( and given the incredibly high levels of unemployment in much of europe ) they could be paid a lot less ( and still they would do the same job ) . 
  i 'm not sure why they need to be paid more than people doing similar jobs in germany or the uk etc. 
  london bankers are regulated . 
  what is stopping frankfurt doing it already ? 
  london welcomes competition from frankfurt . 
   this is an interesting argument . 
  would n't it be fair to open our borders to third world farm produce in order to help poor countries earn export revenue ? 
  it is n't that simple . 
  it is basically the all-out-free-market-globalization argument . 
  who is the winner of globalization ? 
  the industrial nations !, 
  farming countries are the losers . 
  there is a reason why , according to the morgenthau plan , germany was supposed to be converted into an agrarian nation after the war . 
  deprived of its industry , the country would have sunk into poverty , like any agrarian nation invariably will . 
  by selling cabbages and potatoes you just ca n't earn the kind of revenues that will pay for all the imports a country needs . 
  i 'm afraid i disagree with you here . 
  there is a huge amount of academic literature on how the cap damages developing nations . 
  the eu ends up exporting food to africa , because the eu , which subsidises food , is able to undercut africa , which can not afford to subsidise it . 
  differently an african farmer is unable to export to the eu because the eu places tariffs and also subsidises its own famers . 
  of course african famers with less efficient technology struggle to compete against french farmers . 
  but asking the uk to pay french farmers to give the french an even better advantage is a bitter pill . 
   hence , it is a poisoned gift that will impoverish the third world even further . 
  an all free for farm produce will start a race for the lowest price benefiting the consumers in rich countries and driving small farmer in poor countries into ruin . 
  having driven the farmers off their land into urban slums or emigration , the international corporations will exploit the land to produce food for the rich while the poor go hungry . 
  currently the third world has a very bad agricultural sector . 
  if we should be subsidising agriculture somewhere , it should be kenya and ethiopia and not france and italy . 
  those third world famers would like to be able to access our markets , believe me . 
  it is shameful that we exclude them . 
   no , i 'm afraid that 's not a good idea . 
  food is not a commodity like any other . 
  food security can only be achieved by keeping food business local . 
  in industrial countries that means subsidies . 
  not really . 
  new zealand does fine without subsidies . 
  nobody thinks new zealand does n't have food security . 
   we really have no recourse to that other than violence . 
  there 's always voting for a different government next time you have elections , no ? 
   situation in crimea is nothing like catalonia or scotland : there 's no independence movement , but a movement to join russia . 
  just saying . 
  there are common elements though . 
  the concept of self-determination of a people has relevance in both situations . 
   you can also change written-down constitutions . 
  yes , of course . 
  though with a little more difficulty and generally by way of a defined process that is necessarily cumbersome . 
  however , i agree that in the case of the uk and germany the very different constituional arrangements do n't make a great deal of difference to most people ... 
  the differences are mainly interesting to lawyers and historians . 
   shall we send our pm to moscow ? 
  this will certainly make things complicated for us ... 
  there is currently an interesting debate in the uk about why the uk entered ww1 and whether the uk should have stayed out and just watched a war between ger & aut v rus & fra . 
  the german invasion of belgium changed attitudes in the uk to the war over night , both among the common people and also in parliament . 
  prior to german invasion of belgium , the brits were not keen on getting involved . 
  however , even without the case of belgium , the uk would have had to have got involved anyway . 
  had germany and austria beaten france and russia ( as probably they would have ) the uk would have ended up in a very difficult position on the edge of a hostile continent . 
   the uk would have ended up in a very difficult position on the edge of a hostile continent . 
  not much changes i guess . 
   that brings us back to the point where the uk does n't have a written constitution . 
  that would scare the hell out of me if that was the case in germany but it 's obviously working reasonably well . 
  the reason why it works well in the uk is because it can change gradually and has been evolving for hundreds of years . 
  i think in a country like germany a written constitution works well . 
  but in the uk there is n't really a need for one . 
   ca n't the uk prime minister send troops into battle ? 
  that 's illegal in germany , only parliament is allowed to do that . 
  traditionally in the uk the power to declare war has rested with the executive rather than the legislature . 
  it looks like this situation is changing - once the legislature voted not to go to war in syria , the executive was forced to accept that . 
  ( this change is still debated though . ), 
   wait , the british parliament ca n't get rid of the guy they elected prime minister ? 
  they can do a vote of no confidence . 
  as a matter of convention in the uk , if there is a vote of no confidence then the pm asks the queen to dissolve parliament . 
  ( as with much of uk constitutional law , none of this is written down anyway , it is just a custom . ), 
  this current parliament is a bit different , because the government have fixed the term , taking the power away from the pm . 
  however , that legislation could be amended reverting to the old position . 
   cap will stay , but the regional funds will become more important . 
  france has also become a net contributor . 
  so , the uk 's objection to funding french farmers is no longer valid . 
  both uk and france are net contributors though and of course both should be . 
  and given that their economies are roughly a similar size , their net contributions should be roughly a similar size . 
  this is achieved by the rebate . 
  without the rebate the uk would be paying billions more than france . 
  would this be fair ? 
   all industrialized countries subsidize their agriculture ( us , japan , etc. ), 
  because farming can not be industrialized like a factory without destroying nature . 
  they do it to different extents though and it does reflect a political choice and one which is damaging for agriculture in the third world ( which is less able to export agriculture to us ) . 
  if france wants to subsidise agriculture , should n't france pay for it ? 
   the funds for subsidizing farming come from industry . 
  in the common market , these funds need to come from the eu more than from national budgets . 
  if a country like , like for example , hungary opens its markets to british goods , then britain needs to make a contribution to subsidizing hungarian farming . 
  that is the deal of the common market . 
  if you do n't accept your part of the deal , then hungary should be allowed to impose import duties on british goods so that it can subsidize its farmers from those import duties . 
  the uk does subsidise hungarian farming . 
  hungary does not contribute to the uk rebate . 
  the more funds that go to hungary , the smaller the size of the uk rebate .
