  the fact that the uk , 100 years after the easter uprising , is now moving away from ireland is good for both uk and ireland . 
  if you think that the only cause of eu turbulence is the uk , well , i am sure you will be happy that we have left . 
   i honestly think the eu needs to seriously invest in its own propaganda division yeah , of all the things that the eu needs right now , paying for a new propaganda division is exactly it . 
   a claim that because i agree that there are some `` cultural elements '' you can simply dismiss any other points that you do n't like under that cover . 
  the only other points you have made is that part of the reason for low turnout is low ability to impact something ( which i have not disputed ) . 
  i find it surprising that you have not accepted that another reason for low participation is low understanding of and low connection with the eu parliament . 
   the simple act of voting is not democracy . 
  sounds like you are agreeing with me . 
  this has been my point all along . 
  just because the eu has the trappings of democracy ( i , e , you can vote for the eu parliament , that does not make it democratic ) . 
   well , first , a good deal of those have come true basically none of them have come true . 
  the economy is doing fine , inflation is on target , so are jobs so is economic growth . 
   is it heroic to leap blindly into the dark , taking everyone with you ? 
  not everyone is coming with us . 
  the irish are staying in the eu , without us . 
  good luck with that , it is going to be quite a ride !, 
   the problem is not the nhs . 
  the problem is how your governments decided that the nhs should run . 
  neither spain nor france have public health systems that function exactly like how the uk 's nhs does . 
  i am suggesting that the uk considers copying another country 's system . 
   democracy do n't stop being democracy because some people disagree . 
  i am not saying that the eu does not have an effective democracy because people disagree . 
  i am saying it does not have an effective democracy because the people do not want to share a common governance and do not see themselves as sharing a destiny . 
  do n't hold back . 
  tell us what you really think . 
  we can already see countries like the netherlands and france which have very good health services which are not organised like the nhs . 
  we should certainly consider them . 
   that is a breach of eu law . 
  the eu sued germany and lost something does not make sense here ... 
   italy might leave the euro-zone , as many italians are very critical of the currency ( as they should , seeing how the euro brings them many disadvantages ) . 
  but leaving the eu completely , i do not see that . 
  if italy were to leave the eurozone , all other bets are off . 
  it would be bigger than brexit , almost as big as the beatles . 
  the nhs ( unfortunately ) is hugely wasteful . 
  personally i think at this stage the uk should ( rather than treat the nhs like a kind of sacred religion ) look at other health care systems ( e.g. 
  france and the netherlands ) which work very well but are organised completely differently from ours . 
   perceived the fact that the same thing can be perceived in different ways by different people , means that there are cultural elements to a democracy . 
  different cultures interact with the same political entity in very different ways . 
   what on earth does that have to do with the result ? 
  i am sure you were overjoyed by the democratic exercise . 
  the result was of course a further bonus . 
   i 'm absolutely certain you do n't see the irony there . 
  surely you saw all the crazy scare stories of the remain side and felt repelled by them ? 
  i can tell that you in your heart have a massive admiration for the way the british people stood up to brussels . 
   every country can make any law they want unless it goes directly against the european values . 
  that is not quite true . 
  because of the doctrine of primacy of eu law , if a national law is passed in breach of eu law then the national law is disapplied . 
   e.g. 
  quite a lot of spanish moved to london but most of them told me that they want to return as soon as it gets better . 
  i got the impression that they never intended to stay long . 
  this has also been my impression of spaniards moving to london . 
  however , the data does indicate that a lot stay here for a long time . 
  the fact that many spaniards feel that they have no future in spain is obviously very sad and hopefully spain can sort out its problems soon . 
   then once everything is settled and eu is basically one giant healthy economy lol, 
   i am struck at how differently european integration is perceived over there compared to over here the difference between uk 's attitudes and ireland 's attitudes to eu are not really that surprising . 
  ireland is partly defining itself by differentiating itself from the uk . 
  personally i think that the uk leaving the eu will be good for ireland 's internal democratic debate . 
   so i think that 's perhaps a more general feature of those countries . 
  ultimately you are agreeing with me here . 
  you are accepting that voter turnout and democratic participation is not simply linked to power of an institution , there are other things that are relevant too . 
   which suggests the whole thing has been a mass exercise in blind choice . 
  no , it has been a hugely positive thing , the largest ever democratic exercise in the uk . 
  on the day of the referendum i organised a lift for a disabled man to the polling station who had not voted for decades !, 
  is n't that wonderful and exciting ? 
  how can you not feel joyous about that ? 
  the british people , presented with all kinds of ridiculous scare stories , in the privacy of the polling booth with a large turnout , quietly reflected on the last 40 years of eu membership , and decided that they would instruct the government to change its policy . 
  and the government has been forced to listen to them . 
   completely ignoring that the eu has only intervened three times with the law-making process in the entire history of uk 's membership . 
  the ability of the uk to change laws while it is in the eu is very limited indeed . 
  this three times figure has no bearing in reality as the lack of an ability to change laws has been a continuous feature of eu membership . 
  yes , it is interesting that it did work our in west germany . 
  however , the specific circumstances there and then were very unique . 
  i do n't want any more money to go to the nhs . 
  not really . 
  i love foreigners and i voted to leave . 
   i am not sure how anyone is able to justify a party like the snp gaining over 50 seats with under 2 million votes , while a party like ukip gets over 4 million votes but only one seat . 
  under this system , millions of votes every year are essentially useless . 
  ukip achieved their policy objective of brexit . 
  snp did not achieve their policy objective of independence . 
  i voted against the change to the electoral system because i like fptp . 
  thanks , nice pic , 
   time is a factor that you never take into account . 
  i am taking it into account . 
  it is possible that with time that a true democracy will be created in europe . 
  it will be an interesting thing to watch . 
  but personally i would rather watch from the sidelines than get involved . 
  the risks are of course massive . 
  you risk tearing down the current european democracies ( many of which function well ) and replacing them with something that is not really democratic . 
  no , it is not an illusion , but it is complex and it requires more than simply people being able to vote for other people who have power for it to work . 
   people tailor their voting effort to the extent they 're affected by the result . 
  i think it is actually much more complex than that . 
  for instance , it is hard to argue that the people of slovakia are less impacted by the eu parliament than the people of ireland , yet the turnout figures in eu elections differ massively . 
  there are clearly other elements at play . 
  i agree that being impacted by the result affects voter behaviour , but i think that connection and understanding of an institution matters massively too . 
   i suppose that is indeed the ultimate development of focus group led democracy . 
  ultimately , as we are now seeing in the uk 's case , it is the people that have made the decision . 
  they do not want the eu political structures it seems ... 
   i picture you as sitting on your country resort in a tweed jacket , maybe in front of an open fire . 
  unfortunately i live in central london and we ca n't have nice things like open fires here , but thanks very much all the same , 
   then why did the same people not vote ukip in the uk parliament ?
