   run on controlling the borders ( which they ca n't ) and keeping the single market ( which they ca n't ) just to clarify , the leave campaign 's position was to leave the single market ( which is also my position ) . 
   they are for unilateral free trade ? 
  do you think the british businesses and workers would be ok with that ? 
  i am a british worker in a british business and i think it is a fantastic idea and one of the reasons why i voted leave . 
  obviously , there are some protectionists in the uk too , but i think the free trade philosophy is a strong one still . 
  let 's hope free trade prevails . 
   a brexit that achieves the aims of the leave camp would mean ( at least ) a customs border . 
  no , this is not the case . 
  during the entire referendum campaign the leave campaign consistently argued for there not to be a border with ireland . 
  it was scaremongering by the remain campaign saying that there would be a border . 
   i would argue that not suspending freedom of movement and adherance to eu laws is just as antidemocratic as not engaging article 50 at all . 
  for the millionth time , free movement and passport free travel across borders are not the same thing . 
  free movement means the right to work or live in another country . 
  crossing a border without checks is not the same as this . 
   your former pm had promised to trigger article 50 as soon as possible after a leave vote . 
  this was one of the lies of the remain campaign . 
  luckily the british people knew that they were being lied to so ignored it . 
   i doubt most leavers or british people in general or the british government would agree with you though , it strikes me as a somewhat fringe view that wo n't influence what actually happens in practice . 
  the new uk secretary of state for international trade has a similar view to me . 
  so , i think my view does have a chance . 
   yes , but i 'm talking about free at point of access . 
  if they lose the ehic then the pensioners themselves will have to pay for private health insurance or face really big hospital bills . 
  australia is different as either the pensioners there have claimed citizenships or they 're workers who have retired there . 
  actually , there are many brits in australia who are retired and do n't have citizenship and did not work in australia . 
  they take out insurance . 
  hospital bills in spain are actually not that big . 
  and , in any case , for a lot of stuff those pensioners can fly back to the uk if they need something more significant . 
   the whole point of freedom of movement is right of residence . 
  if freedom of movement is scrapped , then there 's no right of residence in spain and if the people in question ca n't obtain citizenship ( one of the requirements is having lived in spain for 10 years ) then they may well be facing leaving . 
  why on earth would spain want to expel them ? 
  it has shown zero inclination to this . 
  and , even if spain did want to expel them in your fantasy world , we should of course respect the democratic decision of spain . 
   and a member who is going to wait for the right moment to finally jump ship , likely at our expense . 
  it will be great for both the uk and the eu if the uk leaves at the right moment . 
  we all gain from this . 
   if those pensioners are n't kicked out why on earth would they be kicked out ? 
  has spain said a single thing to indicate that they will be kicked out ? 
   if those pensioners are n't kicked out , they 'll stop having free healthcare under ehic ... and they only retain coverage by ehic if we 're part of the free travel agreement . 
  there is no such thing as free healthcare , someone has to pay for it . 
  however , the pensioners in australia seem to manage , i 'm not sure why you think that the pensioners in spain wo n't manage . 
   theresa may have damn well put them in government , they 're in the exactly right positions to implement brexit . 
  theresa may 's government includes some people who campaigned for brexit and others that campaigned for bremain . 
  obviously , the people who implement brexit are not just the people that campaigned for brexit , but the government as a whole , taking into account the fact that though leave won , they won by a relatively narrow margin . 
  it is also the case that some of the most high profile people on the leave side , such as michael gove and gisela stuart , are not in the government . 
  it is also the case that at the time of the referendum campaign , the government was lead by david cameron and he had said that he would not resign if he lost the referendum . 
  the people in the leave campaign were not in a position to predict the composition of the government subsequent to the referendum during the campaign . 
   democracy according to little englanders . 
  no , i am a globalist and believe in a global uk . 
  you just want to try and insult people on the internet . 
   yes , but they 'll either have an australian parent/grandparent , or they will have negotiated work visas . 
  that 's fine . 
   in the same way that nobody is sure that eu workers currently in the uk will be able to stay , there 's no guarantee that uk workers in the eu will be able to stay . 
  the vast majority of brits in the eu are not workers , but pensioners . 
  obviously , spain may decide to expel them and we should of course respect spanish democracy . 
  however , i think it would be surprising if spain did decide to expel them ,  brits abroad face a big potential headache , and depending on their situation , no guarantee that they 'll be able to stay where they are . 
  the reality is that they will be fine , just like the brits around the rest of the world are fine . 
   it was a nationalistic campaign of pure populism with zero plans to implement it from a leadership who never expected to win the people whose job it is to implement brexit is the government , not the people that campaigned for brexit . 
  the people that campaigned for brexit do not have the power to implement it . 
   it 's already damaged your nation economically , politically the time to judge it is not in the immediate aftermath . 
  however , i think it has already started to help us economically and politically . 
   and potentially led to the secession of several constituent states all for zero end-gain . 
  it has not lead to the secession of northern ireland or scotland . 
  both of these nations already had extremely significant secessionist movements . 
  however , i think that on balance both of them will stay in the uk . 
  personally i am not afraid of secession though - ultimately we should allow people to decide how they want to be governed . 
  if the people of northern ireland or scotland do not want to be in the uk any more , we should of course welcome any vote that they have on the question . 
   i imagine they 'd rather not pack up shop and have to go back to the uk . 
  this is not the same as free movement though . 
  british people do not have free movement with australia , but there are more than a million brits living there . 
   if you 're seriously trying to argue that leave was n't a populist campaign based on nationalist nonsense then you 're truly lost . 
  no , it was an optimistic vision based on globalism and democracy . 
  it is a wonderful outcome and we should all celebrate it . 
  it will be great for both the uk and europe . 
   they are all slaves !, 
  they are people who have chosen to live overseas . 
  just as british people who live in australia do n't automatically want free movement with australia , the british people who live in spain do n't automatically want free movement with spain . 
  they just want their own individual ability to live where they are living , which is obviously a totally different thing to free movement . 
   the 1.3 million british citizens in eu countries seem to want free movement . 
  there is no evidence of this . 
   if she has to choose between enacting brexit and a border , she has a mandate for brexit . 
  brexit does not mean a border . 
   that would be great for ireland , but surely every eu member will then use ireland as a transit route to get its goods into the uk ? 
  not really . 
  i do n't think that there should be tariffs or duties for goods transported via france or belgium etc either . 
   or do you think that everything coming from the eu should be tariff free to import into the uk , even if the eu is using wto rates for uk exports ? 
  yes . 
  i am a believer in free trade , even on a unilateral basis . 
   how would you assess tariffs and duties ? 
  i do n't think the uk should have any additional tariffs or duties on anything coming via ireland . 
   why not ? 
  you 'd just take trucks from roi without looking at their contents ? 
  yes, 
   but unless the uk joins the eu customs union , which would mean they ca n't negotiate trade agreements , there have to be customs checks . 
  not on the uk side of the border there do n't have to be . 
   because to curb immigration , you have to control the border . 
  not really . 
  there is a difference between having a legal right to live and work in the uk to having a legal right to cross the border into the uk . 
  for italy i prefer either `` exit '' or `` uscita '' . 
   i told a brit that and he came up with ` beleave ' for my country . 
  so it can apparently always get worse .
