  i do n't know if i can work tomorrow !, 
  this evening i am going to do my best to bring up the british alcohol total up to the level of the german one ... 
   if the uk leaves the eu , i would assume that they would as they would immediately become illegal immigrants . 
  not really . 
  an illegal immigrant is someone who comes into a country illegally . 
  uk nationals who moved to the reu under current law would not become `` illegal immigrants '' by mere virtue of a brexit . 
  each reu country would likely be free to decide what to do about the current brits there . 
  however , it would surprise me if many or any were sent back . 
   predictions are closer to 5 . 
  we 'll see soon enough . 
  if they do get 5 % , that will be a massive achievement for them . 
   is voting compulsory in the uk like we have over here in australia ? 
  personally i prefer voting being a right rather than an obligation . 
  i think legislating to require people to vote intrudes on civil liberties unnecessarily . 
   true . 
  a specific day that is n't a weekend is a bit weird , though . 
  you could set a date , maybe ? 
  honestly , i do n't see why having elections on a thursday is any different from setting a date . 
  thursdays have dates too , this one being may 7th ...  * my mother just did exactly this five minutes ago . 
  despite the fact i 'm cooking . 
  honestly , tell her to go and vote now . 
  she has several hours to do it . 
  people that are too busy to vote because they are making tea , are likely to be too busy on weekends too ... ;-), 
   i feel like british politics has an old , obscure and kinda silly rule fetish sometimes . 
  voting on thursdays is no more silly than voting on sundays ... 
  there 's no point changing this . . 
   why are polling stations open so late ? 
  are there people still voting at 10pm ? 
  yes , some people vote at 10:00 pm . 
   also , why on a thursday ? 
  most people are probably at work all day . 
  ummm did you read your first question ? 
  the polls are open from 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. 
  almost nobody works those hours . 
  also , you can vote by mail . 
   also according to our constitution , article 41 , paragraph 2 : all religious organisations are equal before the law and separated from the state that 's interesting . 
  the uk does not have a constitution and the church and the state are not separate . 
  the head of the church of england is also head of the state . 
  the uk does not formally remove the influence of the church , it does it informally . 
  i think doing things informally works better sometimes :-), 
   but clegg said the same thing about working with the tories 5 years ago . 
  no , this is not true . 
  prior to the 2010 election , clegg specifically said that whoever had the largest mandate should get the first chance to form a government . 
  ( given polling , it was fairly clear this would be the tories . ), 
   and then of course there is guilt by association with other eurosceptic parties like the fn ( who , i think , we do n't have to argue with are decidedly shitty ) . 
  the fn certainly have very shitty origins and they differ from ukip ( who are very new ) . 
  ukip were keen not to be associated with fn in the european parliament and are not in the same group as them . 
  personally i think ukip should have stayed out of any european parliament groupings . 
  there are n't really any other parties in the eu that want to leave the eu in quite the same way as ukip do . 
   german afd has the same problem currently . 
  here , the wing around lucke ( right-wing , eurosceptic and national-conservative ) is currently losing to the brown openly racist npd copycat wing . 
  this is kind of a shame for afd . 
  it is somewhat surprising that afd are n't able to capitalise on the eurozone crisis and what is going on with greece and the demise of the fdp ... 
  if the conservatives win the election in the uk ( big if ) then this will have an impact on german politics in my view . 
  the discussion of a renegotiation will have to be something that angela takes seriously . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , germany will consider it a disaster . 
  however , if labour win the election , it will be business as usual in europe . 
   but i do n't remember / u/trucidator being racist or the like . 
  to the contrary , you can often find them to be very polite even in the face of open hostility . 
  thanks , this is very kind and appreciated . 
   ( i recall farage blaming a bad flood on gay people or something on those lines ) . 
  this was n't farage . 
  it was a ukip councillor who was then expelled . 
  ukip has had a problem with unsavoury views of some of its membership . 
  this is unsurprising and something that always happens with insurgent parties . 
  ukip have got much better at tackling this and expel people extremely quickly when this happens . 
   ( not in the least because of them doing what in germany would be called `` fishing on the right fringes '' ) i think german politics is a bit different from uk politics , just because of our different histories . 
  the uk has never had a successful far-right or fascist political party . 
  there might be some people in the uk with racist views , but they are a small minority . 
   well they 're sitting at 8-9 ? % in the opinion polls , but if they get any more than a single seat , maybe two , it 'd be an upset . 
  [ no , they 're arround 5 % in the polls . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_2015_united_kingdom_general_election ), 
   i 'm just slightly disappointed they 've not had nearly the effect on the left that ukip has on the right . 
  if they get a good share of the vote tonight they will impact the left . 
  however , it is likely that ukip will get more than double the share of the vote that the greens get . 
   an openly racist , anti-gay marriage party . 
  they want to legalise discrimination against gay people please , stop coming out with bullshit . 
   meanwhile , 55 % are in favour of a second independence referendum if the uk votes to leave the european union in 2017 . 
  thanks . 
  that just shows that people are in favour of another referendum . 
  it does n't show how they would vote in such a referendum . 
   but if you changed the question to say `` would you vote for independence if the uk was going to leave the eu '' then about 80 % of people supported independence . 
  any citation on this ? 
  i 'm not aware of this ever having been polled . 
   different hate crimes are recorded for statistical reasons - for some reason `` islamophobia '' and `` anti-semitism '' were n't specified ( probably just went under `` racism '' ) . 
  that 's all he 'd change . 
  a change in law is not required to change the way different hate crimes are recorded . 
  we certainly would !, 
   classifying something as a `` hate crime '' is just a sentencing buff . 
  assault will get you punishment y , being a hate crime makes it 2y . 
  this is already the law in the uk . 
  milliband wants to change the law . 
  it is n't clear how . 
   i tactically voted lib dem to try and stop the snp who would you have voted for if tactical voting had not been a consideration ? 
   i think you 're doing a solid job of interpreting a fluff piece that was only ever intended only to attract people to the polling stations . 
  if milliband is not planning on changing the law here , i find it surprising that he stated clearly that he does plan to change it . 
  this is n't my interpretation . 
  these are the clear words he used . 
  if he is not planning on changing the law , he should not be pretending he is . 
   why do the polls close that late though ?
