   maple syrup is quite rare and expensive in romania anyway , doubt it would matter . 
  you guys are missing out !, 
   explain , what is that way ? 
  poland has a free press and free elections and the free right to peacefully protest . 
  these things will ultimately be the things that ensure poland 's democracy is maintained . 
  actions by the eu will have negative consequences . 
  no , i think the way to work on it is different from the one you think is the way to work on it . 
   stop calling us turkey while you are at it . 
  what do you want to be called ? 
   prague , czech republic , united kingdom '' . 
  lol . 
   ah so \u00e4\u00f6\u00fc\u00f5\u017e\u0161 are not real letters either ? 
  we are still talking about what czech gets called in the english language , right ?!, 
  the english language is a whore when it comes to adopting other words , but it does not like accents on letters ... 
   explicitly choosing an english name with a sound that is n't in english would be pretty dumb , though . 
  honestly , the whole concept of czech people trying to decide on the english language seems weird to me . 
  i mean , it is the same as brits saying that our aim is for britain to be called britchia in the czech language . 
  i just do n't think it us up for us to decide what the czech language does ... 
  yeah same as us . 
  informally we say holland , formally we say the netherlands . 
   our name does n't make sense anymore though . 
  netherland is the real deal . 
  blame the english . 
  if the czechs believe they can change their country 's name in english i am not sure why you do n't think you can ... , 
   they also need to make it clear what ca n't be achieved outside of the eu . 
  for example ? 
   we gon na call it gnep ( glorious northern european paradise ) with milk , honey , hookers and blow . 
  and then let 's see who does not want to join us ;-) we 're in western europe not northern europe , 
   somehow , the alternative `` well , then let us do something to improve the situation then . '', 
  has been knocked out and dragged under the table . 
  if you oppose change you also oppose improvement . 
  if a change is going to improve something , then it should be supported . 
  however , we should not make decisions just on the basis of intentions , we should also consider likely outcomes . 
   do you think that the eu will capitulate and give us everything we want , when they have their own agenda and points to score in the negotiations ? 
  we wo n't get away with free access without paying fees and allowing free movement of labour . 
  they might be quite pissy . 
  however , obviously the uk should not pay fees to the eu , that would be insane . 
  paying fees for free trade makes no sense . 
  however , the eu is not able to come to decisions effectively . 
  look at how badly they handle every serious decision . 
   it works both ways . 
  but that 's not what we 're talking about . 
  i utterly fail to see any connection between polish government allegedly violating democracy and stuff in their own country and uk 's legislative development . 
  those are two separate things . 
  no , the polish government is part of the co-decision process for eu laws , which are directly applicable in the uk . 
  that is why it is relevant . 
  the two things are connected . 
  while the uk and poland are both in the eu , poland has an ability to influence laws that take effect in the uk . 
  this is not good for the uk . 
   in this case i only wish the eu had some authority to actually take direct steps to protect the civil rights of its citizens . 
  it seems pretty obvious that pis is circumventing the polish constitution and also attacking the freedom of press in poland among other things . 
  while i am not going to pretend that i am happy about what pis is doing , i do n't think that what the eu is doing makes sense . 
  for one thing , they should be doing the same in hungary . 
  by treating hungary differently , this looks really politicised . 
  also , the outcome is not going to make poles less likely to vote pis . 
  if anything , the outcome is going to further entrench opinion . 
  i do n't believe that democracy can easily be imposed from the outside , it develops best on the inside , in an organic way . 
  also , in terms of freedom of the press you are wrong . 
  poland has a free press . 
  no newspapers are being shut down . 
  any newspaper can say what it likes . 
   you think we 're going to swan into a free trade deal when the eu has to send a message that dissent is n't taken lightly ? 
  different eu countries will be impacted in very different ways . 
  however , the uk 's economy is doing much better than the eu 's economy and is better placed to re-orientate its trade . 
   is n't the notion of not doing business with eu countries having alleged issues with democracy a bit hypocrite ? 
  the uk should keep doing business with the eu of course . 
  however , it should regain control over its own laws . 
   and we will be down for quite some time . 
  no we wo n't . 
  we wo n't be down at all . 
  have confidence in your country . 
   holy shite people are really salty about poles and brits protecting their independence . 
  all the downvotes , that makes me sure that i am right . 
  i am not understanding the downvotes ... from the british perspective there are two alternatives : - either the eu parliament is correct ( in which case poland is a very unattractive partner for the uk right now , and we should think carefully about staying in a union with poland ) , or - the eu parliament is incorrect ( in which case the eu as a whole is a very unattractive partners for the uk right now ) . 
  in either case , this kind of thing should encourage us to leave the eu . 
   spain will be a-ok with it and have already declared as much . 
  what spain would n't want is a scottish departure before a brexit . 
  do you have that citation out of interest ? 
   what legislation ? 
  eu referendum act 2015, 
   do they include postal votes from british people outside of the uk ? 
  ( most british people outside the uk are not in europe . ), 
  nato will still be there to protect europe from russia . 
   i 'd much rather stay in and push for reform , and a looser union . 
  we tried that for 40 years and it did n't work . 
  now is the time to pull out and let them federalise fully . 
  hopefully the uk and denmark stay strong allies . 
  uk does not get a vote on schengen related matters , quite rightly . 
  yes , in terms of personal space anglos are close to scandies/baltics , though celts are a bit more southern ... 
   yes , but we 're all still waiting for all you to finally leave and stop whining about it . 
  i believe many mainland europeans are increasingly pro-brexit , just like you lot are . 
  yes , i agree that it will be good for both the uk and the rest of the eu . 
  it will force the eu to make some badly needed reforms . 
   we 'll invite scotland back in after you go . 
  who is we ? 
  good luck with getting spain to do that . 
   what cameron needs to do is admit that the referendum was a dumb idea and cancel it . 
  he does n't have the power to do that . 
  parliament has already passed the legislation . 
  only parliament can now change it .
