  the uk did loan money to greece via the imf . 
   there 's absolutely nothing wrong of making greece to pay back the debt to ez members , and the taxpayers , screw the imf debt , as long as they pay us , their fellow european citizens . 
  the imf debt should be paid first as the creditors their involve many very poor countries . 
  while the imf must take some blame for the failed rescue , most of the blame is with the commission and the ecb . 
  the imf has been the most practical institution , recognising that the eurozone should budge . 
   they may have been mistreated but greeks are not innocent either , and must pay their debts to the fullest , and i hope eu ministers wont nudge and give in . 
  if you really believed in a united states of europe , you would want to pool existing debt . 
  why have national debt when you can have union debt ? 
   the ww 1 and 2 should 've shown europeans that united europe would give us lasting peace in the region tormented by war for thousands and thousands of years . 
  and yes i see governments of greece and uk as an enemy of that ideology and dream . 
  i am also pro peace in europe . 
  to pretend that the governments of greece and the uk are an enemy of lasting peace in europe is nonsense . 
   the scots are in favor of much more liberal positions than the rest of the uk . 
  [ not really . 
  social attitude surveys have always put england and scotland very close . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scotland/scottish-politics/11242539/scotland-and-england-how-different-are-they-really.html ) on things like same sex marriage there are n't really differences of views on things like same sex marriage or taxation . 
   you only ever have to prove it if for example , opening a bank account or moving house , it is n't like you need to scan the damn thing to get on the tube or to open your front door . 
  given that in your earlier post you wrote :  the idea of having a card which would prove your legal entitlement to be here in your pocket . 
  it seems like you think it is something that should be carried more often . 
  if it only needs to be used when opening a bank account or moving house , why have it at all ?!, 
  these are not frequent events for most people . 
   france has marine le pen , netherlands has geert wilders . 
  they are not in government . 
  the dutch and french governments are blocking it . 
   my passport is most certainly british , and i want to join schengen . 
  most do n't want to . 
  it seems like you are happy for the uk not to be able to keep out illegal immigrants . 
   i think it 's a benefit but a lot of people , especially in britain do n't , so my point still stands . 
  this way we both get the benefits we want . 
  you get your benefit ( the euro ) and the uk gets its benefit ( the pound ) . 
  this strikes me as a sensible system . 
  everyone gets benefits that they want . 
   apart from schengen what has ireland not joined in on ? 
  and schengen is kind irrelevant since we only have 1 border and that 's with a country that also did n't agree to it . 
  i 'm just going to repeat my question . 
  has ireland joined in anything that it does not think is a benefit ? 
  what things ? 
   but ironically the same people who hate immigration get rather upset at the idea of having a card which would prove your legal entitlement to be here in your pocket . 
  i love immigration , but do n't want id cards . 
  it is not culturally british to have to prove your id as you go about your daily business . 
   bulgaria , romania and croatia will one day join it though the french and the dutch are currently doing everything possible to delay this and stop it . 
   i see hell freezing over and the sky raining fire before the uk government does anything so pro-eu as joining . 
  the british people do n't want to join schengen . 
   what happened to `` stay as it is '' and `` push for further integration '' . 
  these are n't positons that most people in the uk want . 
  if you want them , you should have campaigned for them earlier . 
  it is not the job of the conservative party to campaign for things that you believe in . 
  it is your job . 
   i think you misunderstood . 
  i certainly do think they are all benefits . 
  you said that the uk wants all the benefits but nothing else . 
  if you think that the euro is a benefit , then it makes no sense to also say that the uk wants all the benefits . 
  these statements contradict each other . 
   i was implying that the uk wants to get as much benefit from the eu without joining in like everyone else . 
  why join in with something if it is not in the uk 's national interest ? 
  ireland is n't joining in stuff that is not in the irish national interest . 
   you 've clearly never been in the lines at heathrow for eu citizens vs the lines at say , charles de gaulle for eu citizens ( not including flights arriving from britain ) if you think it is no more hassle . 
  i 've been to both . 
  there is a far higher volume of traffic to heathrow compared to charles de gaulle . 
  the length of the lines are a function primarily of the staff numbers / other systems , rather than documents needed to be checked . 
  i go though the electronic passport gate in heathrow , which is generally quick . 
   also , a drivers licence costs # 40 or so , a passport costs # 90 or so . 
  most schengeners also have passports , id cards and driving licences . 
  so you 're not really looking at the total costs correctly ... 
  in the uk we do n't have id cards . 
   you already have a driver 's license actually , i do n't ;-)  , why should you have to pay another # 90 for a different document to go to paris when nobody else in the eu aside from the irish needs to ? 
  you 're wrong here . 
  it is n't just the uk and ireland outside schengen . 
  bulgaria , romania and croatia are also outside it . 
  the reason , as already mentioned , is so that the uk can control its borders . 
  this is something that the schengen area does not seem capable of doing . 
   it 's going through teething problems . 
  got ta love british understatement . 
  this is hardly just a teething problem . 
  it is a poorly designed currency going through an existential crisis with massive implications for national democracy . 
   that option should exist though . 
  i thought this was supposedly democracy ? 
  there is nothing to stop you starting a political party that wants to join the euro and join schengen and then offer that to the british people in a referendum . 
  if you want that option to exist , you should stand for parliament and make it exist . 
  it 's not the job of others to do this for you . 
  the schengen area does not seem to be capable of doing this . 
  if they could , there would not be camps of immigrants in calais . 
  is the schengen area really so inefficient that they ca n't control borders without us ? 
  they include some very wealthy countries with good public administrations . 
  if they ca n't do it without us , why would they be able to do it with us . 
  if you want the uk to join schengen , you must accept that you are also choosing for the uk to lose a lot of control of whether or not illegal immigrants can get into the uk . 
  you need to be honest here . 
  this is what the consequences would be . 
   a driver 's license they glance at just to check the name , or a much more costly passport which has to have a lengthy verification process ? 
  almost everyone in the eu has a passport anyway , so cost does not come into it . 
  the process of checking a drivers licence in an airport is not more onerous than checking passport . 
  brits have more in common with new zealanders than they do with latvians . 
  i like latvians as much as the next guy , but it makes no sense to say we have so much more in common with them than we do with new zealanders . 
   will fight tooth and nail against a united states of europe . 
  same here - i am with you guys in spirit !, 
  i agree with what your flair says . 
  the way that the eu has treated greece has been terrible . 
  brits when they vote on eu membership should be under no illusions : today greece , tomorrow the uk . 
   they want all the benefits of the eu but nothing else ? 
  do you think that the euro and schengen and stability mechanisms and justice competence are not benefits ?
