  while they are n't the nicest of bedfellows , i tend to think they are n't the equivalent of frances fn , but correct me if i am missing something . 
  my preference would ( perhaps ) be for ukip to become non-inscrit and not align themselves with any european political party . 
  i tend to think that ukip 's objectives are somewhat unique . 
   no meaningful alliance than . 
  good , let them stay that way . 
  it would be political suicide for ukip to align themselves in an official way with france 's fn . 
   labour should have snuck in a referendum in 2006 when things were going great . 
  the referendums being talked about at that time were on the uk 's membership of the euro , the european constitution and then the lisbon treaty . 
  fearing the inevitable `` no '' vote from the british public , the labour government chickened out on all of these . 
  not really a surprise in the aftermath of - ( 1 ) clegg v farage debates , which farage comprehensively won , - ( 2 ) maria miller expenses scandal and cameron handling it badly , - ( 3 ) continued weakness/lack of vision on europe from the labour party . 
  yeah , ireland also gets a free ride off britain and nato generally too . 
  though i guess ireland thinks its geography means it is safe ... 
  normal politics then ? 
  politicians saying things to win votes ? 
  prior to converting to catholicism , he was a practising christian and talked frequently about his religious faith . 
  it was religion that brought blair into politics in the first place . 
  he prayed before deciding to go to war in iraq . 
  or what about gordon brown , arguing for more religion in public life ? 
  or margaret thatcher , saying the prayer of st francis when she was first elected prime minister , on live tv ? 
  the only recent pm who has not been religious has been major . 
   never noticed a pm doing that before for as long as i cab remember . 
  can you remember tony blair ? 
  [ in the english language , the word `` europe '' can be used to mean the european continental mainland as distinct from britain and ireland ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/europe ) . 
  brits have always used language in this way . 
   a friend is a friend . 
  serbia and russia , best bros forever , etc. 
  serbia , russia , and the uk hard left are best bros forever . 
  no , i 'm not sure what the uk hard left are playing at either ... 
   are you really that naive ? 
  of course they want to shape the public opinion especially in the western countries . 
  i do n't think that comments in the guardian forum shapes public opinion though . 
  they might have this desire , but it would surprise me if this was their method . 
  it 's partly because our press is just very adversarial and agressive in all respects , more so than our continental peers . 
  while this does result in us talking down the french , you 're not the only victims of our harsh press : it also talks down our own ( our royals , our politicians , our celebrities and our chavs ) more than some other presses seem to . 
  german wages ( taken as a while ) are already higher than the eurozone . 
  germany makes things more efficiently than everywhere else though . 
   it 's a tired and tested method of shaping public opinion . 
  do you think the russians do , though , in the guardian ? 
   the way to fix that is to have prices rise in germany ( inflation ) . 
  so low inflation in germany is bad . 
  it 's not really possible to have inflation in germany but not elsewhere in the eurozone though . 
  russia is the greatest and was correct to annex crimea . 
  [ russia today - if you 're reading this , please send a cheque to the trucidator bahama holiday fund . ], 
  am i doing it right ? 
  do i look legit ? 
  thanks man . 
  i take an interest in sovereign debt . 
   edit : ironically enough , the elevator stopped and i noticed a seminar was going on regarding not only this exact issue , but this exact case i 'm talking about , focusing on sovereign immunity and why countries waive it when issuing sovereign debt . 
  caught the tail end of than . 
  very interesting . 
  this is a very live-issue on sovereign debt . 
  there are questions about whether or not the waiver of sovereign immunity really works anyway . 
  i 've also noticed that some sovereigns want to amend their ( existing ) conditions to remove the waiver ... 
   then again , maybe they pay people who are already active on social media . 
  why would you do this if they are already active ( and doing it for free ) . 
  i 'm active on social media - can i get paid for this ? 
   they 'd pay them because they want to shift opinions . 
  personally i would not consider this to be a good way of spending money as i do n't think it would have any impact . 
  who cares what the komments say in the guardian ? 
   that risk is quite real in other countries with lower interest rates too . 
  in my view the risk is a bit more significant in greece than elsewhere . 
  i think the greek political situation is a risky one and the fact that there are very extreme political parties in greece in parliamen ( e.g. 
  golden dawn ) is certainly something i would consider before investing . 
  in most countries there is n't an opposition with significant support that talks openly about `` odious debt '' . 
   beats a total default . 
  those are efforts to pay at least something back , not efforts to get out of paying it . 
  agreed , but from the perspective of an investor ( who has the option of investing elsewhere without this risk , e.g. 
  germany ) , this is a serious consideration . 
  funnily enough , these ` guardian readers ' always sound exactly like russian state media , maybe they are just real life genuine russian people with genuine real life russian sympathies ? 
  ( personally it would surprise me if anyone in an official position in russia really cared enough about the comments section in the guardian to pay someone to write comments . 
  why pay someone when people do this kind of stuff for free ?! ), 
   yes , all the articles about russia are filled with astroturfers . 
  you can tell , because the astroturfers have russian names and only comment on articles about russia ... why `` astroturfer '' ? 
  do you just mean `` people sympathetic to russia who may be russian '' ? 
  there is , however , reason to worry about deflation elsewhere in europe ... 
   every single article by the guardian on any russian issue has tons of pro-russian comments which are heavily voted up , which seems awfully suspicious . 
  i 'm not surprised by this at all . 
  a lot of guardian readers are very pro-russia and were always very pro-ussr back in the day . 
  a lot of guardian readers were very upset that communism fell in eastern europe and wish that the uk were socialist . 
  also a lot of guardian readers are extremely anti the us and also very anti the west generally . 
  so when it comes to a clash between the us/west on the one hand and russia on the other hand , they will always support russia . 
  i do n't think this is `` astro-turfing '' , it is just the opinion of the guardian readers . 
  plenty of my ( oxbridge , middle-class , affluent , cosmopolitan ) friends are pro-russian and think that the outcome with crimea is a good one . 
  i find myself in a minority . 
  difficult times for cameron !, 
  he has called those people that want the uk to leave the eu as extremists , but also called those people that do n't want to renegotiate our relationship with europe as extremists too . 
  the queen is the head of the commonwealth , so she does tie things together in a sense . 
  brits are obsessed by france as you say . 
  when we criticise you in our newspapers it 's not because we hate you , but because we love you . 
  i know , we have a strange way of showing love . 
  i also agree that the netherlands and belgium are in our western european club in some respects . 
  not sure about the germans though - those guys are too central european . 
  in which case you have a lot of persuading to do !, 
  this depends on the country , does n't it ? 
  the uk has lots of people from outside the eu who live here for years ... 
  what do you mean by `` committing to the eu '' ? 
  how much more commitment does the uk have to give ? 
  joining the euro ? 
  giving up the rebate on the cap ? 
  joining schengen ?
