  different people have different preferences . 
  personally i am in favour of a liberal , free markets , global-looking , free trading uk and will vote for that . 
   only if you assume you can elect politicians who are fundamentally different to the ones currently in charge . 
  while it is true that the labour party currently look unelectable , if you look at british electoral history there are regular changes of government , with different policy positions . 
   can any lay person find out if an action is strictly legal or illegal , only with freely available sources , in the british or us legal system ? 
  this really depends what the question is . 
  some parts of law are highly technical , others are very simple . 
  but this is the case both with the common law and the civil law . 
   even companies tend to have to have a whole department to ensure legal compliance . 
  again , this is the case both in common law and civil law jurisdictions . 
   can any lay person find out if an action is strictly legal or illegal , only with freely available sources , in the british or us legal system ? 
  the common law is called the common law exactly because judges , when first deciding cases , looked at what people actually were doing . 
  the common law is intuitive . 
  whenever judges decide new cases , they always have regard to market practice , business efficiency and the view of the reasonable man . 
   the only reason common law is preferred is because it 's easy to abuse . 
  and , tbh , we need an international court system based on civil law to handle multinational issues anyway , as companies tend to refuse to ignore their moral responsibility , qnd only focus on profit but both parties to a contact , both the lender and the borrower , freely chose to use the common law . 
  they ca n't both abuse it !, 
  their interests are opposed !, 
  also , we do n't need an international court system for international issues . 
  if there is a french company , borrowing money from an international consortium of banks then they can use the english courts . 
   the uk could stay in the eu and opt for flexible solidarity for eu migrants in the uk . 
  no thanks , best to leave . 
   sounds like a paradies for the worker ... obviously , if the british people do not like the legislation and regulation that governs them , they can change the government . 
  this is how democracies are meant to function . 
   in that case , they 're fighting a fake political fight . 
  they are not fighting a political fight at all . 
  the conservatives are very united . 
   you do n't seem to understand the differences , so let me spell it out for you : in common law , courts are bound by laws and precedence . 
  in civil law , courts are only bound by laws . 
  i am a lawyer . 
  i do understand the difference between common law and civil law . 
   and surprisingly , it 's civil law where databases of every case related to any other case or law are usually available for free ( check dejure , for example ) , not common law . 
  i am not sure how familiar you are with common law , but it is very easy to find precedents . 
  [ for example , here . 
  ] ( http://www.bailii.org/ )  the simple reason is purely the ability to bend the law by paying out whenever a company fears a precedence case , and only continuing the case wherever they know the precedence will go in their favor . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what you are trying to say here . 
  however , both parties to international financial contracts prefer the common law because it is so certain . 
  ( i am guessing that you do not work in international finance . ), 
   i 'm sure you 've asked many norwegians . 
  or indeed 48 % of the british people . 
  the british government asked the british people and the british people responded . 
  what do you mean by the third point ( deficit spending ) ? 
  is this guy some kind of expert ? 
   erm , that 's an easy one : fisheries . 
  the fishies are quite literally the single reason why norway is in the eea rather than the eu . 
  there are multiple other reasons . 
  norwegians look with horror at the eu project as a whole and do not want to be part of it , just like british people . 
   it 's absolutely amazing that the conservative party is still leading the polls after the brexit mess . 
  the pm resigned after losing a referendum that he called and somehow his party is still winning ? 
  the conservatives are leading the polls because of brexit . 
  the british people wanted brexit and now a conservative government is carrying out their wishes . 
   what do delaware , panama , london , hong kong have in common ? 
  low taxes or easy to avoid taxes , a legal system that 's based on precedence and so hard to navigate that any process can end any way if you have enough money because you 'll always find precedence , and no banking regulation . 
  i 'm not sure how much you know about london , but the tax system of london is the same as the tax system of the rest of the uk . 
  as for the common law , it is easy to navigate which why international finance uses it . 
  obviously , there is a lot of banking regulation covering the uk . 
  here let me define them : soft : join the eea . 
  nothing much changes , except the european parliament no longer has to put up with ukip . 
  in recent weeks i have seen hardly any senior politicians , commentators or industry bodies recommending that the uk joins the eea . 
  it simply does not appear to be an option , particularly within the conservative party . 
  if there is a war between hard and soft brexit within the conservative party ( as claimed by the parent poster ) , eea is not one of those options . 
  i 'd be interested to know what your actual plan for the italian economy was . 
   here , the increasing violence against foreigners in uk recently ( racially or non-racially motivated ) . 
  while all violence and criminal activity is serious , i 'm not sure if the data actually shows that there is an increase . 
   they 're divided between hard and soft brexit , aka the new leave and remain . 
  the terms soft and hard brexit are widely used but never precisely defined . 
  because of this i think that any division is more apparent than real , unlike the division between leave and remain . 
  other than a tiny minority of hardcore remainers ( not more than ten ) the tory parliamentary party is in favour of the government 's plan to leave the eu , a remarkable show of unity given that this has been something on which they have been divided for decades . 
  the divisions now are simply of degree or of tactics , which are far less serious . 
  there is no problem of comprehension here . 
  i am pointing out to you that some people prefer eea membership to eu membership and why they do . 
  i 'm not sure how else you would explain what norwegians want . 
   the norwegians did not go driving buses around quoting figures ( pulled out of their rear ) based on a lie this is irrelevant to my point which is that they prefer being in the eea to the eu . 
   having to pay the eu to access its market , while implementing its laws , and not having a say in how the whole thing is run is politically/practically a worse position to be in . 
  this actually depends on your values . 
  the eea involves less payment than the eu involves and also does not relate to every eu law and also does not stop norway signing ftas with other countries or involvement in many other aspects of the eu , e.g. 
  agriculture , fisheries , foreign policy . 
   but i see you are trying to twist it as an insult in order to deflect from the great irony and the incredible stupidity that brexit leading to an eea type membership would be i have been completely clear that i do n't think that the uk should be in the eea . 
  however , i am not the one that is insulting people that do want to be in the eea ( norwegians ) . 
  you are the one doing that . 
   its a politically retarded step , but i suppose we are entering the age of political retardation , so sigh as i have already made clear , i do n't think the uk should be in the eea . 
  i do agree , though , with the majority of norwegians , that it is a better deal than the eu . 
  are you calling the majority of norwegians politically retarded ? 
   the tories practically imploded after the brexit vote . 
  actually , the tories would have imploded had there been a `` remain '' vote . 
  but now the tories are pretty united . 
  support for the tories did n't really drop after the vote . 
   i do n't understand that much . 
  eea is eu without having a say , basically . 
  we already know that norwegians prefer eea to eu , so it should not come as a massive surprise that the uk would also prefer it . 
  as i am sure you know , the eu is not simply a single market , it is other things too and i do n't like those other things . 
  ( i also do n't think the single market is right for the uk and hope we do n't stay in it . ), 
  yes , i prefer eea membership to eu membership , but this does not mean i like eea membership . 
  extremely worrying reports , if true . 
  hopefully the french government will be able to close down this camp as soon as possible . 
  labour party are screwed ... 
   by shifting the terms of the debate like this , johnson and may are setting up the scene for yet another british negotiating `` victory '' in brussels , even if an entirely meaningless one . 
  it was n't johnson and may that shifted the debate like this . 
  the remain campaign deliberately confused `` access to the single market '' with `` membership of the single market '' during the campaign . 
  my strong preference is that the uk is not a member of the single market , though of course something like eea membership would suit the uk better than eu membership and technically the referendum was simply about eu membership .
