   although i can not see the ecj overturning the supreme court there is no question of overturning because the ecj and the supreme court are not asking the same question . 
   i imagine the reason is that most people want stability in times like this , hence both the referendum interest drop and tories polling very high i think referendum interest dropping is to do with stability , as you say . 
  i think support for the tories being high is not really directly about stability , but more about corbyn being awful and ukip voters returning home to the tories now that the tories are going to do brexit . 
   rocking the boat even more is not an appealing prospect at this time . 
  this gives a bit of a dilemma for brexit supporting unionists like me . 
  if may gets through brexit relatively unscathed , there is a chance that support for scottish independence grows , because an argument could be made that the huge upheaval that scottish independence would bring about would be doable . 
  if theresa may is clever ( and unfortunately i suspect she is n't ) she will do the following on brexit : - give scotland total policy and regulatory control of things like agriculture and fishing ( that scotland would not have in the eu ) - bring uk out of the single market ( the reason why sturgeon is campaigning for the uk staying in the single market is exactly because she knows that it decreases the risks of scottish independence in the eyes of voters ) . 
  over time , if the uk is out of the single market , regulatory divergence will occur between the uk and the eu . 
  it is also interesting to watch ireland in this regard . 
  ireland is the country in the eu which has most to lose from a brexit . 
  how ireland finds being in the eu without the uk will be an indicator for scotland . 
  this is basically fakenews in my view . 
  the media want a narrative that there is some kind of continuum of political excitement and surprise from brexit to trump to this referendum in italy , whereas there is n't really much connection between these things . 
  at this point a `` no '' vote in italy is expected and already priced in . 
   she announced that an indyref2 bill would be put out for consultation , which does n't actually mean the snp are pursuing another referendum . 
  if she did n't want people to talk about indyref2 , it seems odd that she put a bill out for consultation . 
  the whole point about a consultation is to invite views . 
  obviously , unionists are going to give their views . 
  sturgeon , had she wanted , could have closed down the debate by saying that she would not be putting out any bill on indyref2 . 
  the union between england and scotland is nothing like the union with ireland . 
  learn some history !, 
   an indy ref which last time inspired tons of political engagement just seems like an opportunity to tire everyone out at this point ( people always say this or that lead to political engagement but the indy ref really did , i think you had to be there to get it ) i was n't in scotland much during the time of indyref1 , but i do still kind of get how it was both so tiring and so engaging . 
  i saw the impact on my own scottish friends , relatives and colleagues , on those living down here and up there . 
  i found it tiring and engaging even from my own perspective , following it closely from down here and being emotionally invested myself . 
  so i sort of get how it must have been like that but quadrupled for people up there . 
  so it does not really surprise me that appetite for the debate again at the moment is relatively low . 
   such an imperialist mindset should have died out when your great grandparents died . 
  where is the imperialism ? 
  history is the explanation of why we do n't have a common culture . 
  you ca n't just force a common culture on people . 
   the only people who are talking about indyref2 are the unionists nicola sturgeon announced a new independence referendum bill in the snp party conference . 
  that counts as talking about indyref2 . 
   although it is worth noting that there 's very little appetite for a second referendum right now , even amongst yes voters . 
  this is the key interesting statistic , i agree . 
  history . 
   do n't get it , the majority of scots voted no to brexit , but now they want to go against their self interest ? 
  i get it . 
  being in the eu as an independent country with the rest of the uk also in the eu is a completely different proposition from being in the eu as an independent country without the rest of the uk being in it . 
  a majority of scots voted for the uk to remain in the eu . 
  but the picture as a whole is complex , because there were scots who voted for the uk to remain in the eu , but given the choice between being in a union with the uk and one with the eu will choose the former . 
  there are also scots who want independence from the uk and not to be in the eu . 
  one of the reasons why i voted for brexit was because it would , in the long run , make scottish independence less likely . 
   guess what , it 's possible that they will not even take part of this deal because they think the eurozone is too hard on greece and is acting against current economic dogma . 
  obviously , the imf should refuse to take part in this deal - it is not fair on the international community . 
  i fear that they will take part in it though . 
  #buildamotorwayandmakeirelandpayforit , 
  no , they get most of their funding from the uk . 
   if women are n't allowed to leave their home without covering their face then that 's a problem , one we should not accodomate . 
  we need to recognise that it is not just a question of `` allowed '' . 
  some women choose to wear the burka . 
   in a union , we 're part of a group that defends itself . 
  in an arrangement of sovereign countries being protected by a couple of countries then we are protectorates or vassals of said countries you can call the arrangement for your defence `` union '' if that is a word you prefer . 
  or you can call it `` vassal '' . 
  or you can call it `` nato '' . 
  i do n't much mind your choice of word , but the concept is still the same . 
  others are paying for your defence . 
   not your decision to make , it 's ours . 
  if we want to share our sovereignty that 's our business . 
  i completely agree - ultimately this is a question for you to make . 
  i am simply describing an alternative vision that i think could work , in response to / u/gerritt8500 - who specifically posed instead of the eu . 
   more realistically , you should recognise that portugal has no real threats outside of spain being a dick i do recognise this . 
  portugal won the geographic lottery in some respects . 
  you 're not an island , but you 're the next best thing . 
   ultimately the extent to which portugal wants to bother spending more on defence to help others is a question for portuguese . 
   you think we 'd prefer to be british and french vassals ? 
  in what sense would you be a vassal under this vision ? 
  i personally would be more than happy for a portuguese government within a democratic portugal to make every decision pertaining to portugal . 
  i would also be delighted if portugal were keen to join the uk , france , estonia , poland , greece and usa in looking after european security by portugal paying more towards defence , but i recognise that a lot of portuguese people do n't want to pay for european defence . 
  there is no way to force you , we just have to accept it . 
   if they 're actually the ones who self appropriated themselves the english word `` ice '' . 
  you are right . 
  iceland the supermarket should sue iceland the country and force it to change its name . 
   they wussed out because , like i said , they had a rather weak hand . 
  they could have still played their hand better even last year at the time of varoufakis , but i agree with you that the best time to play their good cards was in 2010 . 
  their hands are terrible right now and they are playing them even worse . 
   the eu after all give grants and aids to various sectors . 
  is n't that wonderful ? 
  free money !, 
   i am shocked that the sun is actually honest about it . 
  the requirements for transparency in elections and referendums in the uk are very high . 
  the sun has no choice here . 
   i 'm wondering what vision these people have for europe in place of the eu . 
  british vision of europe is : - free trade - strong national parliaments ( the source of our democracies ) and sovereign states - uk and france committed to defending european democracies within a nato context i think in the long run lots of countries will prefer this vision to the eu . 
   so being anti-current version of the euro = euscepticism ? 
  if you are anti-current version of the euro in the sense that you want to complete emu with a fiscal union , than you are not eusceptic . 
  if you are anti-current version of the euro in the sense that you want a return to national currencies , typically that view would be called eusceptic . 
  maybe they are doing it for the french people living in uk ? 
  i am more than happy for poles to teach french people living in the uk polish . 
  this beata woman ( or whatever the polish pm is called ) should speak directly to fillon . 
  no need for us to be involved . 
  i would personally vote against this kind of thing if i were an mp . 
  ultimately it strikes me as illiberal to tell people what they can or can not wear . 
  i also think that it will have negative consequences ( more women staying at home , police time being wasted ) . 
  this is a nice idea , but given that brits ca n't seem to manage french , i think the polish pm is being somewhat optimistic !, 
   my personal view is that only an orderly dissolution of the euro can avert the big blowout . 
  agreed , but , in your earlier analysis , in which you correctly stated that ( i ) it is impossible to turn italy and greece into germany for cultural reasons and ( ii ) it is impossible to turn germany into a sugar daddy for cultural reasons , you forgot to mention the final cultural impossibility : ( iii ) it is impossible for any mainstream eurozone politician to admit that the eurozone must be dissolved in an orderly way . 
  the sunk costs are too high . 
  they have spent too long calling anyone who expresses any kind of euscepticism racists . 
  it is culturally very difficult to say that the emperor has no clothes . 
  so perhaps we are just left with the big blowout .
