  the uk will negotiate an agreement with the reu i expect . 
   well i did study me some german law , but what do i know . 
  sounds like you did n't finish ? 
   however i do admit that i just assumed your ratification laws would be just as sensible as ours '' \u00a7 1 treaty is herby ratified and law . '' . 
  legal systems are partly a matter of personal preference . 
  i personally prefer the british legal system for britain . 
  legal systems also reflect history , culture and tradition . 
  i find your comment :  but in general common law is weird and should have been replaced many years ago . 
  to be somewhat ignorant !, 
  the common law works extremely well in many areas . 
  commercially , if a french company borrows money from a german and italian set of banks , they will almost always choose to use english law , exactly because of the common law . 
   as long as the uk is a signatory the strasbourg court will believe in it 's own jurisdiction over the uk . 
  no , that 's not quite right . 
  the convention itself does not give the strasbourg court jurisdiction . 
   what do you think a treaty is ? 
  pretty much all international treaties are voluntary , but once you 've signed and ratified them you 're legally bound to follow them . 
  that 's the point of ratification , translating international law into national law . 
  whether ignoring a treaty has diplomatic or legal consequences is another matter , but you are bound to it legally . 
  its a bit more complicated than that . 
  [ it might be worth you reading about monism and dualism briefly . 
  the uk is dualist . 
  germany is monist . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monism_and_dualism_in_international_law ), 
   well , it 's weird that british ratification is pointless and that they would bother with that because it would be much easier to just let the treaty be law on its own . 
  it 's completely superfluous to make another law for that . 
  i 'm just going to have to assume here that not only do you not know much about international law , that you also do n't know much about law or legal systems generally . 
  you might think that the uk legal and constitutional system is a weird one , but personally i think it is a good one . 
  i am more than happy for germany to have a different legal and constitutional system from the uk , it strikes me odd that you seem to be so butthurt about the british system . 
   they are still bound by the convention until they leave . 
  as a technical matter , we bound by the convention until we pull out of it . 
  however , as a matter of reality and politics , this will have no legal consequence . 
  separately , my understanding is that the uk will not be pulling out of the convention , but simply pulling out of the jurisidiction of the strasbourg court , making the uk supreme court final and strasbourg arbitrary and allowing the uk parliament to legislate in contravention of judgments of strasbourg . 
  i 'm just going to have to, 
   human right do n't fall from the sky . 
  they need to be protected and enforced by organizations such as the echr . 
  no , i would prefer in britain that they are protected by british legislative bodies and courts thanks . 
   it 's an international treaty that is international law and once ratified is law in the uk . 
  out of interest , have you ever studied international law ? 
  i 'm guessing you have n't . 
  it might interest you to know that the uk has a ` dualist ' approach to international law . 
  the ratification of a treaty by the uk does not give that law effect in the uk . 
  it has to be legislated for specifically by the uk parliament for it to take effect . 
  ( some other countries have different systems whereby the ratification of a treaty automatically incorporates the law into domestic law . 
  these systems are known as ` monist ' systems . ), 
  this is international law 101 . 
   i was n't referring to finance law , i was looking at the bigger picture where a law firm may want to open an office in a eu country ( e.g. 
  dla piper , linklaters , etc offices in poland , romania ) . 
  this is n't to do with the eu . 
  these firms have offices over the whole world . 
  they are global . 
  all sophisticated jurisdictions allow lawyers from overseas to practice . 
  it would really surprise me if the eu continued to allow lawyers from the rest of the world to work there , but not british firms . 
  that would be a bit mad . 
  if we 're measuring by votes , they are the third party of british politics . 
  if we 're measuring by seats , they are the tenth equal party of british politics . 
  i just ca n't think of any measure under which they are fourth . 
   i mean ukip are a 4th party . 
  i do n't think ukip are the fourth party of british politics by any measure ... 
   member states such as germany , france , italy or , even more likely , smaller countries such as poland and romania may want to make it more difficult for london law firms and the uk could do nothing about that as it is no longer an eu member . 
  not really . 
  international finance is governed by english or new york law , not polish , romanian or even german or french law . 
  the uk firms are thus not even really in direct competition with the german or polish firms . 
   you are aware that the echr and the hra are different items and the conflict between them is part of the entire point of this ? 
  it will be interesting to see what the bill says when it arrives , but it is likely that the purpose of the bill will be to break the formal link of the european court of human rights with the uk courts , so they no longer need to take account of its decisions , leaving the european court of human rights as a mere advisory body in the uk . 
  this will give the supreme court the final say on human rights cases , and the uk parliament parliament final say on our human rights laws . 
  quite right too . 
   if you empathize with your clients at all , i am sure you are n't a big fan of regulation either . 
  however , as far as i know , lack of regulation in this sector has contributed to the financial crisis . 
  the regulations introduced in this sector after 2008 seek to address the issues that caused the crisis , at least partially . 
  regulation of itself is neither good nor bad . 
  some of the regulation introduced subsequent to the global financial crisis is good as a matter of policy , but almost all of it is written poorly and is very ambiguous . 
  ( this poorly written regulation gives a lot of work to lawyers , but it is n't good for an economy . ), 
   i am not saying it will be impossible , i am just saying it will get more difficult . 
  have you any idea how many american law firms there are with offices in europe ? 
  the idea that the eu would somehow deliberately make it difficult for uk firms to work there but not american ones strikes me as a bit far-fetched . 
   i do not know what your area of expertise is but if i recall correctly you are a lawyer . 
  financial law . 
   right now if a british law firm wants to open offices in other eu countries it can do so easily and a lot do . 
  they can do this all over the world and they do . 
  very few countries in the world do n't allow foreign lawyers to set up there . 
  this wo n't change if the uk leaves the eu . 
   hell , even as a lawyer the process of having your qualification recognized in another member state is relatively easy , despite legal systems differing so much . 
  almost no lawyers who are english law qualified bother to get their qualification recognised in other jurisdictions because they do n't need to . 
  when i worked in italy it made sense for me to practice as an english lawyer , not as an italian lawyer . 
   if the uk leaves , things will change and , given how dominant london is when it comes to legal services , the temptation to make life harder for british law firms opening offices in member states will be quite big . 
  this will be tough for the eu and will backfire . 
  does the eu really want to be this protectionist ? 
  the uk will welcome lawyers coming from all over the world to work here . 
  it would be surprising if the eu was not this welcoming . 
   i think - you always want to protect your own , you want o encourage local economy at so on . 
  no , i want free trade . 
  i do n't want to support british car markers if german car markers do a better job . 
  i do n't want to support british clothing makers if chinese ones can do it cheaper . 
  i do n't want to support british wine makers when the french do it so much better . 
   the point is uk will never trade with the eu in circumstances as advantageous as it does now , as a member . 
  really ? 
  the eu can choose to make it hard . 
  but this ultimately is not in the eu 's interests . 
  protectionism does not help you in the long run . 
  having an open economy does .
