  the uk should partner as much of the world as possible . 
  the best way for poorer parts of the world to develop is through trade . 
   there are n't many things africa has that the uk buys . 
  this is even more of a reason not to impose tariffs . 
  the red squirrel has a sacred status in british folklore . 
  [ they have an iconic status in children 's literature ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=red+squirrel+beatrix+potter&amp;rls=com.microsoft:en-gb&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cduqsarqfqotcj-vs-vd4mgcfqjnggodpwidtq&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=883 ) so we are culturally programmed to love red squirrels from a young age even though most of us have never seen a red squirrel . 
  is this a thing in other countries too ? 
   campaigning for getting rid of home grown agriculture and being completely reliant on food imports is something that will never fly with people in the uk at this time . 
  the uk already has to import food . 
  the uk has not been self-sufficient for food for 150 years . 
  british people are cool with this . 
  i 'm not campaigning to get rid of agriculture , i just do n't think the taxpayer should subsidise it ( just as i do n't agree with taxpayers subsidising other sectors , be they banks , steel producers , coal miners or any other business ) . 
  however , this should be a decision for national democracy . 
   taking out subsidies from local farmer will only hurt your own country no , it would n't . 
  either the agricultural sector in the uk would become more efficient , or the uk should not have an agricultural sector . 
   they dont grow enough to feed themselves , how would that help them exporting that precious food abroad ? 
  that would only raise prices for home grown foods in local markets . 
  they are not required to sell to the uk . 
  however , if they want to sell to the uk , the uk should not impose tariffs on them . 
   the uk wont impose its own protectionary measures this will be a question for national democracy . 
  i personally would rather vote for a party without protectionist agricultural policies . 
   the uk on its own is a large enough market to risk losing the rest of europe over ? 
  i 've no idea what you mean here , but i expect that the reu will want to keep selling things to the uk . 
   to achieve its technological objectives , africa needs to partner with countries such as the united kingdom that have historical knowledge of the continent . 
  but collective eu policies make it difficult for africa to engage productively with the uk in areas such as agricultural biotechnology . 
  it is a shame that this kind of thing wo n't be further to the forefront of the referendum debate . 
  when the uk leaves the eu , hopefully the uk will stop imposing tariffs on africa and stop subsidising its own agriculture , thereby allowing africa to compete on more of a level playing field . 
  the uk has tried to reform the cap for 50 years , without success . 
  it is time to accept that we can not reform it and put in place our own policies . 
   now we can finally make our own decisions . 
  this . 
  v4 should trust their own democracies and make decisions for themselves . 
  the rest of west , including my country , the uk , does not have some automatic god-given right to a political alliance with slovakia by virtue of us being not as bad as russia . 
  we need to earn that right . 
  we earn it by trusting your national democracy , not by imposing our views on you . 
  the uk 's nuclear deterrent is a fundamental part of nato . 
  we use trident all the time . 
  it is a deterrent . 
  most of the eu , especially those parts of europe that have experienced russian aggression in the recent past , are glad that the uk invests in trident . 
  a country can not just annex another with no consequences . 
  obama is not trying to win votes . 
  he is n't standing again . 
  you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  the sanctions on russia are because russia annexed crimea . 
  they are nothing to do with our nuclear deterrent . 
  they are used all the time . 
  that is what a deterrence is . 
  by your logic france should also give up theirs . 
  they 're not doing nothing . 
  they are a deterrent . 
  we do n't know what the future holds . 
  the uk and france already have an entente and a number of military alliances . 
  this works well on an intergovernmental level . 
  giving control to the european commission would be absurd . 
  thankfully the british people would never consent . 
  the cap is french cherry-picking . 
  no thanks . 
  the uk and france would be insane to give control of nuclear to brussels . 
  the uk wants less integration , not more . 
  europe is n't weak . 
  nato is the strongest alliance in the world . 
  most of europe is in nato . 
  if we got rid of nato or tried to undermine it we would be much weaker . 
  no thanks , uk will never agree to military and foreign policy being given to eu . 
  no thanks . 
  different eu countries have different interests . 
  it fought the last election campaign saying it was going to be fiscally halfway between labour and tories . 
  that was pretty much its only position . 
  it is n't an ideology . 
  unsurprisingly that appealed to very few people . 
  young people might be liberal , but unfortunately the liberal democrat party gave up on liberalism and now how no coherent ideology . 
  france and the u.k. have different economies and different interests when it comes to trade . 
  the u.k. wants trade to focus on things like financial services . 
  france does n't . 
  france also cares about things like local culture . 
  the uk does n't . 
  it does not make sense for the uk and france to have to compromise when it comes to ftas . 
  this makes the whole process incredibly cumbersome and does not get a good outcome . 
  the uk needs to leave the eu to be able to make ftas alone . 
  it 's the eu . 
  it is more important to sign things than to do things . 
  you are partly correct , decisions to build infrastructure are the responsibility of the u.k. government . 
  however , the south east of the uk ( where a disproportionately high number of migrants end up ) is already very crowded and the uk has very restrictive planning laws . 
  also , large infrastructure projects need a lot of planning and an understanding as to whether or not population shifts are permanent . 
  it is hard to predict at this stage whether the 2 million reuropeans who came to the uk in the last 15 years are going to stay or not . 
  even if the economic case can be made and infrastructure could be fixed , it is n't the case that immigration impacts all socio-economic groups in the same way . 
  and there is also an impact on social cohesion . 
  uk will opt out of this . 
  the eu does not have a united interest . 
  just as the eu has not been united over migrants or greece , it wo n't be over the uk . 
  either the eu is open to trade ( in which case it will want to trade with the uk ) or it is protectionist ( in which case we were right to leave ) . 
  france has a trade surplus with the uk . 
  it is in your interests to keep that trade going . 
   without `` patriotism '' ww2 would n't have happened . 
  patriotism is a good thing . 
  it is patriotic struggles that took eastern europe out of the iron curtain . 
  tell that to south korea . 
  they have a fta with the eu . 
  i 'm referencing yes minister . 
   if you want to have access to our market you will still have to pay and agree with lot of our terms .
