  not all countries are equal , all countries are different . 
  they have different economies , cultures , histories , traditions , legal systems , geographic locations , languages , military sizes and so forth . 
  and , even more crucially , they have different peoples who seem to want different things . 
  applying the same rules to different countries obviously will mean they are differently impacted by those same rules . 
  i 'm obviously not saying that the uk is the only special snowflake . 
  i 'm saying that all countries are special snowflakes and we should recognise this . 
   if you get acces to the single market ( 1 ) and cave on fom ( 2 ) and turkey joins ( 3 ) you have no say on imposing restrictions ( this is actually a fact ) and would be swarmed with turkish immigrants , in an ironic twist . 
  uk will not cave on freedom of movement i expect . 
   there is no reason to believe that the u.k. is some special snowflake that would be hurt by turkey joining ( in whatever way ) while the other eu members are not affected by it . 
  if those other eu members are affected , then they should argue that . 
  it is not for the uk to argue on behalf of other eu members . 
  it is for the uk to argue on behalf of the uk . 
  also , quite evidently the uk believes it is a special snowflake . 
  source : last several hundred years of history . 
  it is completely rational for uk to encourage turkey to join the eu : - uk is now leaving the eu so does not need to worry about being the uk being in an eu with turkey - turkey aspiring to join the eu will make turkey aspire to be more democratic ( which is in the uk 's interests ) - turkey will now like the uk more if we are seen to be arguing their case - uk will end up with some kind of trading relationship with the eu ( it will be easier for the uk to deal with as many countries in the same trading relationship , so it makes sense if turkey is also covered ) - the more countries in that are in the eu , the more divided the eu is and unable to deepen further ( it is in the uk 's interests for the eu to be divided ) - people like weber get annoyed and ca n't handle the banter ( this is clearly a positive - they are already at maximum level frustration with the uk because of the referendum and brexit and there is no chance of this changing , therefore there is no downside in continuing to troll them , but there is an upside in the uk because it amuses brits ), 
  score seems too low for croatia . 
  in my experience all croats can speak serbian , bosnian and montenegrin as well as their own language ;-), 
  german christmas markets became a thing here in recent years , but we are still getting used to them !, 
  all polls suggest that most people are happy we are leaving . 
  also , the conservative party are committed to leaving and they are in government . 
  they will also win the next general election . 
   i am sure , i am doubly sure , that turnout would be greater and that the vote to remain would be in the majority if another vote were held . 
  evidence suggests the opposite . 
  a majority of people are happy that we are leaving the eu . 
  us banks are much more highly capitalised than eu banks . 
  it makes more sense for the us to be concerned about eu banks than it makes for the eu to be concerned about us banks . 
  ultimately the eu will lose out if it applies disproportionate capital requirements on us banks . 
  it is wonderful for france that a real anglophile capitalist will be your next president . 
  we will all benefit from this . 
   the finance system is only global as long as the nations give the bank free passporting-rights . 
  uk will give inward ( into the uk ) passporting to as much of the worlds as possible , making the uk economy more open . 
  eu will not give inward passporting to anyone , making the eu more closed . 
  in the long run an open financial system is going to beat a closed financial system . 
  a lot of financing structures do n't require formal passporting to be conducted or can be restructured to make them work without formal passporting . 
   the country and its debt will be held in life support until europe becomes a proper fiscal union , at which point our debt will be dissolved . 
  i agree that if the eu becomes a proper fiscal union , then the situation will be solved . 
  i also agree that the situation can probably carry on for another decade . 
  unfortunately i think that there is a high risk that after a decade the eu will still not be a fiscal union and might not be moving closer to one and if anything the current situation seems to indicate it is becoming less likely . 
  if this happens , greece has basically wasted another decade . 
  ( note that greece has basically already wasted more than six years ... ) how long is greece prepared to wait ? 
   we 've rendered ourselves irrelevant here . 
  this is sad . 
  however , note that the can can not get kicked forever . 
  the situation is not sustainable in the long-term . 
  eventually there will be a resolution of some sort . 
  history is repeating it seems here . 
  i guess the one big difference between the last time we watched this greek tragedy play out is that now the greek government is a lot less powerful and has a lot less leverage . 
  seems like greece will basically sign anything at this point . 
  however , the gap between germany and the imf still seems pretty unbridgeable . 
  just because people can vote in eu elections , this does not mean that the eu passes the democracy test . 
  effectively it does not function as a democracy . 
  thanks very much . 
   i 'm talking about your fellow leavers who voted because they do n't want to participate in the single market i do n't want the uk to be a member of the single market . 
   and if you really believe that london is going to be the financial capital of the eu after brexit the eu is n't going to have a global financial centre . 
  the uk will . 
  finance is not national or even continental . 
  it is global - uk needs to fully embrace global finance and be fully open to the opportunities it brings . 
   uk just voted to leave the biggest trade deal in the world because ` muh independece , muh immigrants stealing jerbs and muh `` fuck the experts '' ' and you expect that country to sign a bunch of trade deals that the same people that voted out will oppose ? 
  i voted to leave the eu and i am very pro free trade . 
  brexit is a wonderful opportunity for the city and the finance industry in the uk . 
  hopefully it will also be good for the eu too , provided that they stop with some of their crazy regulation and protectionism . 
   neena gill and seb dance are legends , well done !, 
  their political careers are now finished . 
   i do n't understand why wo n't pes kick them out . 
  nobody ever gets kicked out of european parliamentary groupings other than the ecr kicking out the afd ... 
   the issue here is asian nations wanted to take advantage of globalism uk will do deals with anyone who wants one . 
  good opportunity for us !, 
   they need to have the same tax levels for the same reason that you and your neighbour need the same tax levels - equality before the law . 
  scotland already has power to change tax levels . 
  scotland has a different legal system from england and wales . 
  of course minority opinions matter - but when it comes to questions of democracy , like whether or not the uk stays in the eu , majority opinions matter more than minority opinions . 
   i do n't see why there should n't be a new vote on that , perhaps people do n't like reality . 
  i agree with that . 
  the choice will be between the new negotiated relationship and no relationship at all . 
  not a choice between the new negotiated relationship and remain . 
   we do n't know that , there is nothing in the treaties to suggest that is the case . 
  article 50 itself suggests that it ca n't be revoked without consent from the rest of the eu member states . 
  if it can be revoked unilaterally by the member state that triggered it , then the provisions under which the negotiation period can only be extended with unanimous approval become pointless ( because in effect the triggering member state could , to lengthen the negotiation period , just revoke it and then trigger it again immediately ) . 
   people were dancing in the streets here when she died . 
  the electorate were voting for her in 1979 , 1983 and 1987 which is somehow much more important than people dancing in the street . 
   we do n't take too kindly to `` brexitards '' or other such stuff from either side . 
  many thanks for this warning . 
   but individually a large proportion did n't individually a larger proportion of people voted for leave than voted remain . 
   the key is to have powers devolved appropriately , with broad structure of the playing field decided by mutual consent and applicable across all regions . 
  as the us does . 
  the us is a federation and the eu is n't . 
  and the uk is leaving the eu . 
  given this , it makes sense for the uk to think about radically rethinking regulation . 
  just copying and pasting eu regulation is not going to make sense for the uk . 
   now take that and apply to the usa ( which , by your reckoning , must be sorely in need of some regulatory competition ) . 
  it 's impossible , of course . 
  usa actually does have regulatory competition . 
  each state has its own power to legislate and its own legal system . 
   imagine if sussex had different regulations from hampshire , what the potential might be ? 
  i am not aware of sussex wanting different regulations from hampshire . 
  however , as a matter of principle there is no reason why different bits of the uk should n't have different regulatory systems from one another in certain respects . 
  certainly , there is no reason why scotland and england need to have exactly the same tax levels . 
  there is also no reason why everything needs to be regulated the same way - e.g. 
  something like agriculture can be regulated in different ways in different parts of the uk depending on the views of local people . 
   however , that does n't mean that he is going to follow you into a race to the bottom .
