  that 's called being a trading nation . 
  france definitely spies on the uk , the us and germany . 
  it would be astonishing if it did n't . 
  it would be good if the eu could defend itself well against russia . 
  currently most eu counties are not taking defence and security seriously . 
  it 's not other people 's time and money . 
  it is time and money that belong to the electorate . 
  if the electorate want that time and money to be used in a particular way , then it is n't a waste . 
  not everyone wants the change that you want . 
  i 'm not sure why you think ukip are abusing the democratic process for their own gain any more than any other mep or mp . 
  it is good that in a democracy when people disagree ( like we are ) they have an election to see what should happen . 
  let 's respect the democratic process . 
  you would be able to access the nhs , but surely you see that there is a difference between use of money that has been subject to a vote and use of money that has not been subject to a vote ? 
  people do vote for farage in the knowledge of what he does with eu funds , which he is just as entitled to as all other meps . 
  this has been covered extensively by the british media . 
  people who vote ukip want out of the eu and are happy for the money that they pay to the eu be used for that purpose . 
  why you think that eusceptics should have less entitlement to public money than euphiles is beyond me . 
  i think you need to think carefully about your position . 
  the way that public money should be spent should be subject to a vote . 
  ukip meps get votes . 
  given that the only countries in the eu that are actually paying for a proper military are uk , france and poland , you will need to check with them before you try and cut ties with the usa . 
  perhaps when the other countries start contributing to the military we will start taking what they say seriously . 
  in the meantime , we would prefer to be coordinated with the us . 
  of course france also spies all around europe . 
  it is a serious nation with a long and proud military and diplomatic tradition . 
  i 'm on a phone so ca n't get a source now . 
  but look at all those small economies doing well : switzerland , south korea , new zealand , norway , canada , hong kong , singapore . 
  they all trade just fine . 
  being in the eu 's large trading block does n't help greece , italy , portugal and spain much , does it ? 
  uk businesses will be fine . 
  the uk is going to keep trading with the eu when we leave . 
  the eu has n't even stopped trading with russia and russia has just annexed crimea . 
  the big difference is that farage has been through an election process and received a mandate from the electorate . 
  you have n't . 
  if you can get the public to vote for you to waste nhs funds , i will not be in much of a position to complain , i will just vote against you . 
  however , it is hard for you to complain about farage when this is evidently what the voting public , who pay the money that he is `` wasting '' , want him to do . 
  i 'm not imposing anything on the rest of the eu . 
  we are having an election in which all views must be respected . 
  i might just as well claim that the rest of the eu is imposing something on me . 
  i might just as well claim that what schulz is doing is waste of eu money and time and that you are doing something immoral by voting for him , because i consider it a waste . 
  you need to remember that your euphile position is no better than my eusceptic position . 
  we both pay we both vote and we both want representation . 
  you do n't have any nukes . 
  the uk and france have nukes . 
  and the uk and france recognise that the relationship with the us is fundamental to western security . 
  both the uk and france are also spying on you too , and both of them are sharing that with the us . 
  the funds that farage gets from being on the fisheries committee are n't being misused . 
  they are being used in the way that the electorate want . 
  it is the electorate that should decide how those fisheries committee funds should be spent . 
  the fisheries committee funds belong to me just as much as they belong to you and i am surprised you have not addressed this argument . 
  i want them to be spent by farage and vote for him . 
  you might want them to be spent in a different way , so you can vote for someone else . 
  you ca n't speak about waste when farage has a clear democratic mandate . 
  farage is participating in the spots . 
  his method of participation is the one i want . 
  the day someone votes for you to fuck over the nhs is the day you get to criticise farage for doing what the voting public want . 
  feel free to stand for election on that ticket . 
  there is nothing to stop this mythical baker from issuing debt that is subject to a lock-up period or that has other transfer restrictions . 
  but no most bakers choose to do this because it costs them a higher premium on the interest they have to pay . 
  the baker is choosing to issue debt that can be bought and sold easily . 
  he has other options available to him too . 
  the htf option is the cheapest . 
  if htf caused a cost to the baker and the investor , they would structure the transaction contractually to avoid htf . 
  i 'm also not sure why you are distinguishing between the investor and the htf trader . 
  this is the same person in the same system . 
  all investors like to be able to sell their investment at any point . 
  all reasons to sell are to do with profit . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to equate access to a public service , with a civic right to vote and be represented . 
  obviously , i agree with you that it is wrong to waste nhs time , but that is not the same as concluding that there should be no eusceptic politicians in existence . 
  the consequence of your opinion , that eusceptics should refrain from voting , is that a portion of the electorate should have no voice . 
  does that not worry you ? 
  that is profoundly undemocratic . 
  also , i still disagree with you about the waste of money . 
  i think the way ukip meps use their allowance is a good use of that money . 
  i have no idea why you think that your choice over how parliament money should be spent is the only valid choice , when both of us pay this money . 
  you are effectively saying you should be able to extract money from me without me having any say over how it should be spent . 
  as for the vote on ivory , i 've not read the legislation that was being voted on . 
  however , the position of ukip , to give no further powers to the eu , is consistent with this vote . 
  agreements on ivory can be intergovernmental . 
  i had understood that a majority of icelanders do n't want to join the eu . 
  also , in what ways are singapore , new zealand and canada disadvantaged by being outside the eu ? 
  whatever problems they have , i think the uk , which has a larger economy than they have , could cope with . 
  but they might lose share of the vote and with that whither and die . 
  personally i would n't vote for them anymore , there would be no point . 
  i 'm not interested in populism ( and not sure what kind of things you mean by this ) . 
  the uk electoral system is very unforgiving to small parties : many of which have very few elected positions and no power . 
  also , nigel is only really interested in the eu . 
  if nigel loses ( or wins ) a referendum , he is finished . 
  obviously , ukip ca n't admit this now . 
  but they are not really a political party . 
  they are just a very good pressure group . 
  iceland seems to manage doing that alone . 
  so does singapore . 
  so does canada . 
  so does new zealand . 
  i expect that the uk will manage . 
   i certainly would n't say in many respects . 
  the eu is pretty much the most lax developed market . 
  it is fairly easy to avoid disclosure in the eu , and almost impossible in other jurisdictions , including the us . 
  that is why japan will allow automatic cross-listings in tokyo of sec issuances , but not eu one passport issuances .
