  lol . 
  how is life on your planet ? 
  i think the starting presumption is that goverments impact economies in general and employment is part of that . 
  of course , there are some things beyond the control of the uk government ( global oil prices , economic situation in other countries etc ) but the majority of factors influencing employment ( employment legislation , tax levels , welfare systems , education systems etc ) are within the scope of government to influence . 
  if we look at things done by the uk government in recent years the following things stand out : - reduction in tax rates for lower income workers - reduction in benefits levels for unemployed - reduction in corporate tax rates the first and second of these things change incentives for employees towards work , the third of these things changes incentives for employers towards work . 
  yeah , i get it in the context of random redditors who maybe do n't know any better . 
  but this is super poor by huffpo , which has aspirations to quality journalism ... 
  the title of this article is incredibly misleading in my opinion . 
  from the article it does not appear that he is saying anything specific about bankers . 
  he seems more to be talking about the troika institutions generally and the european central bank in particular . 
  it is poor journalism to describe this as `` bankers '' . 
  in my mind this keeps the tories in power after the general election . 
  the jobs recovery has been astonishing . 
  the tories have created more than two million jobs . 
  far more people are working in the uk than ever before in uk history and the employment rate is also higher . 
  in many sectors there is a skills shortage . 
  no wonder thousands of people move to the uk every day from the rest of the eu . 
  they come to work and they find work very easily . 
  i expect that a few other countries need to do this kind of thing too : switzerland and sweden , austria and australia ... 
   i like to think her last few days on earth were filled with happy moments because of all the people that sent her their thoughts and their love . 
  that 's what i thought too . 
  nobody wants a three year old little girl to die . 
  but if she is going to die this sounds like the best way to do it : surrounded by family and also the kindness of strangers . 
  obviously , we can not contemplate what the parents and sister are going though . 
  i hope that they can also draw comfort from the many postcards and their belief that the final days and hours were happy ones . 
   central bankers are essential public servants . 
  they are paid by the government similar to how doctors and the police are . 
  the job of central bankers is to decide how much currency to print . 
  for central banks , though , there is a broad spectrum for how politically independent are , how answerable they are , the contents of their mandates and their transparency . 
  for the ecb in particular , there are massive questions about its position in the financial crisis ( mostly not of its own making , but resulting from the treaties ) and its institutional position generally . 
  these include : - the ecb 's mandate of price stability subordinates any other objectives , like growth and employment , ( the bank of england 's mandate in this regard is more flexible ) . 
  does the ecb have the correct mandate ? 
  - the ecb 's position as lender of last resort has been uncertain and is still untested . 
  draghi ultimately gave the `` whatever it takes '' speech in july 2012 , but arguably this was two years too late and should have been explicit in the treaties . 
  - there has been large questions over the extent to which the ecb is legally entitled to do qe of sovereign debt , resulting in a lengthy and expensive court case . 
  this probably lost the eurozone a few years of growth and many jobs . 
  there are still massive questions over how effective qe will be , given that it remains extremely constrained with how it does it ( unlike the bofe or the fed ) . 
  - the ecb 's position as one of the legs of the troika , putting it the same side of the table as the imf , has resulted in the greek bailout programme having twin objectives of rescuing greece and also rescuing the eurozone , and unfortunately at times these objectives have not gone hand in hand . 
  - the ecb answers to the european parliament . 
  because of the way the european parliament operates , this is very weak parliamentary oversight ( compare with , e.g. 
  the bank of england , obliged to write letters to the chancellor ) while in our heads we might want to clearly separate monetary policy ( as a technocratic thing for civil servants ) and fiscal policy ( as a political thing , for politicians ) in practice and particularly in times of crisis the division line gets broken down , particularly for an organisation as complex as the eu , where a single monetary policy impacts different parts of the eu in different ways and where fiscal policy is set by the member states , different economies operate at different levels of efficiency and debt transfers are illegal . 
  another point to consider about the ecb is that while it is an eu body , culturally it is extremely germanic . 
  it is no accident that it is located in germany and modelled on the german central bank and the influence of german delegates in the ecb is extremely large . 
  there are thus multiple criticisms and questions about the ecb . 
  it is a shame they were n't made very well . 
  ok , the first thing i clicked on was `` laws '' and second thing was `` constitution '' and there was nothing there yet . 
  this probably says something about liberland . 
  ( and probably something about me ... ), 
  to be honest , the commission 's summary on its website is not a very accurate summary . 
  [ the reality of the correction is significantly more complicated than that and it is shown under article 4 of the linked regulation . 
  ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/pdf/?uri=celex:32014d0335&amp;from=en ) enlargement related expenditure is carved out of the calculations , as is non-agricultural expenditure related to countries that joined the eu after 2000 , as are tradititional own resources . 
   that 's incorrect . 
  cap expenditure has dropped from 80 % to 40 % since the introduction of the rebate . 
  the rebate calculation is based on total eu contributions , not cap . 
  [ euractive disagrees with you . 
  ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/uk-europe/cameron-locks-loads-overcome-fru-news-528968 ), 
  the rebate is linked to the cap . 
  as the cap reduces , the rebate reduces . 
  i will definitely vote to leave . 
  i think this is possible that the uk votes out . 
  i think a lot depends on what renegotiations happen and also what is going on generally in european and british politics . 
  same here . 
  live in central london and encounter immigrants from all over the world every day . 
  i am positive about immigration . 
  i vote ukip . 
  if you do n't like brexit and grexit , then presumably you hate grexident ? 
  if we get a conservative government in may , the term brexident will appear , i promise . 
  the logical consequence of this is nexident , frexident , hispexident , pruxident , polskident etc. . . 
  it is great that canada are joining the uk and usa in this . 
  anglosphere is best sphere . 
  for spain i prefer hispexit . 
  for the netherlands the term nexit is already in use . 
  for germany i do n't like gexit and as you say , deuexit just looks awful . 
  we could go for teutexit . 
  italy is pretty easily exit ... 
  article written in 2014 about a policy that dates back to 2011 . 
  not very interesting !, 
  flexibility is an easy thing for foreign affairs people to say , but let 's wait until the finmins start to say it ( or rather , do it ) before we get excited . 
   by your logic , there are plenty of other nations that should get rebates . 
  or rather , there should n't be any netcontributors ( therefore no net-recipients ) . 
  not really . 
  it is consistent to believe that some member states should be net-contributors on the basis that they are more wealthy and that the uk should be one of them , but that because the eu budget is disproportionately focused on the cap and agriculture , and the size of various eu member states ' agriculture sectors do n't reflect exactly the size of their economies , there should be various adjustments to the eu budget to iron out unfair outcomes . 
   probably because france pays the lion 's share of the rebate . 
  if we get rid of the cap ( which would be sensible ) then the rebate also disappears . 
   ever heard of the uk rebate ? 
  yes . 
  why are you talkin about it in the context of gibraltar 's tax policies , which is a totally separate thing . 
   why should other eu countries pay more than the uk ? 
  we accepted to give a hand because the uk had the shittiest economy in the eu but that time is over , it 's time to pay like anyone else . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  tax regimes are n't related to the amount of contributions to the eu budget . 
  it seems not . 
  uk - would feel bad if we gave them up . 
  it would be a terrible strategic mistake for the uk . 
  france - the same . 
  the current headline , mentioning the sausage rolls , describes best what occurred . 
  law-breaking is much less accurate , because we do n't know yet if a law was broken . 
  i was thinking uk as we have had a lot of wars with spain , 
  who would podemos ask war reparations from ... ? 
  no - native english people find `` they '' very unnatural as a singular pronoun .
