  conflict with a unified continent has been a historical concern for the uk . 
  i think this is a somewhat farfetched risk . 
  it is rare for democracies to go to war . 
  i think this risk is about on the same level as the risk of a canada v usa war or an australia v new zealand war . 
   \u2022 if there is a way to reform the eu to make it appealing to you , what changes would be required ? 
  i do n't think the reforms i want are remotely realistic , so there is no point wasting time trying to achieve them . 
  you pick your battles . 
   \u2022 do you feel that your concerns also apply to other eu members ? 
  that is , do you think that france and germany should also exit , or do you feel that the concerns are unique to the uk ? 
  other countries should decide for themselves . 
  the motivations that france and germany have for being in the eu are different from those of the uk . 
  the constitutional systems that france and germany have are also different from that of the uk . 
  both of these factors make the uk 's exceptionalism more extreme . 
  however , some of the concerns do also apply to other countries too . 
   he kept on badgering me like a lawyer you should probably stop stalking me , referring to me in your posts , responding to my posts if you do n't want me to respond to you . 
   that is the british view , which is more a reflection of your own mind than of what really happens . 
  consensus building is an intricate process , which implies involvement and not british stand-offishness . 
  the consensus builder can not impose his will , he can only try to find common ground . 
  there is n't always a common good , not everyone has the same interests . 
  this is why countries like greece get very poor deals . 
   the uk made it very clear that it will not have anything to do with a european solution . 
  it actually depends on whether there is a good solution or not . 
  the eu solution involves taking refugees who trek across several countries , making dangerous journeys , giving money to people smugglers , then forcing those migrants into countries they do n't want to go and who do n't want to have them . 
  this is a poor solution in many respects . 
  the uk 's solution , which is fund properly the refugee camps and take refugees directly from the refugess camps is a better one . 
   if you had n't bombed libya germany had the opportunity to vote against this , but for some reason decided not to . 
  if they thought it would lead to poor outcomes , why did n't they ? 
  do you think the uk , france and the other allies should n't have bombed gaddafit ? 
  are you aware that he was about to cause a humanitarian disaster and kill libians in massive numbers ? 
   invaded iraq and destabilized syria while invading iraq was a mistake , this does not mean that it caused the refugee crisis . 
  ultimately the war in syria is not caused by the uk , but assad 's terrible government and the islamic state . 
   europe still has to find common solution because your beggar-thy-neighbor attitude is n't working . 
  i have no idea what you mean by this . 
   at least try to be honest . 
  you do n't care about southern europe as long as you get your money back . 
  but it does make good anti-eu propaganda . 
  i lived for years in southern europe . 
  i care a lot about the way they have been impoverished , their massive unemployment caused by the euro . 
  what money are you talking about ? 
   and as to austerity , osborne has promised the uk 30 years of it . 
  the uk 's deficit will likely be cut during this parliament . 
  austerity in the uk is actually incredibly light and much less extreme than most of the eu 's . 
  a welcome decision by the uk government in my view . 
  the eu financial transactions tax is quietly being shelved . 
  note that in the entire capital markets union proposals there was not one single mention of a financial transactions tax . 
  if the eu really wants a financial transactions tax , this was an astonishing oversight . 
  ( this can be considered a british victory . ), 
  actually , some of the building blocks might be in place by next year . 
  on securitisation , the standardisation stuff is n't actually happening anywhere else in the world yet . 
  the risk retention stuff brings the eu into line with the u.s. 
  may here is effectively saying that she could be a beleaver, 
   i see it sleepwalking out despite the majority wanting to stay . 
  i think the majority want to leave , though we will see how the referendum goes . 
  yes , but it is not a human right . 
  not really . 
  the uk is going to continue to sell things to the eu once we leave and also continue to have regulatory and compliance standards . 
  your area of knowledge will still be useful , even if the regulatory framework changes . 
  the nhs is nothing to do with human rights . 
  the uk is the only country in the world with an nhs method of healthcare . 
  again , cameron did not veto this . 
  the eu financial transactions tax is still proceeding , but not all countries are participating . 
  cameron did not veto it . 
  do some research !, 
  what is your job ? 
  the migrant crisis is n't being covered in a very different way in the uk media compared to most european media , which is not anti-eu . 
  cameron did not veto a bank tax . 
  you can tax banks in your country however you like . 
  why ? 
  lots of euro denominated trading already takes place in new york . 
  i do n't think financial services that france or germany rely on would move to paris or frankfurt . 
  it is n't terribly easy for frankfurt and paris to attract them . 
   there 's no guarantee that norway , switzerland , and turkey would even want to play ball . 
  honestly , i detect a certain arrogance on the part of british people where we seem to think that these countries will follow our lead simply because it 's jolly old britain and we know best . 
  while this is not guaranteed , [ mps from iceland and switzerland are on record suggesting that the uk should take a leading role in efta . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/general-election-2015/politics-blog/11730318/dear-britain-there-is-life-outside-the-eu.html ), 
   why does everyone think i refer to the empire ? 
  you said that the op 's comment was true . 
  the op 's comment referred to the empire . 
   the ps and psd ( now p\u00e0f ) were both on board with this shit idea , and it looks like we 're stuck with them forever in a game of ping-pong . 
  democracy may be a better form of government than some other types , but it can still fucking suck very very hard . 
  it pains me to watch this lack of choice for the portuguese electorate ... 
  beleaver is not yet a thing , but it is going to be a thing soon . 
  apologies in advance . 
   but it 's true.every time you 're doing the same , in hope you will get some long lost relevance back.it 's pathetic , honestly . 
  it is actually a bit rude to try and imply that the uk wants to leave the eu because of the empire . 
  brits have a complex relationship with their colonial past ( as of course to all former colonial powers ) and to write about this in a very flippant way and imply that it is a major factor is somewhat ignorant . 
  it is the intellectual equivalent of saying that germans want to dominate the eu because they did n't succeed with ww2 . 
   easier for you my dear brit , now with our huge debt the new currency would be soooo weak compare to euro ... 
  it is normal for currencies to rise and fall against each other . 
  the pound over the last several years has fluctuated a lot against the euro , as economic conditions have altered . 
  it is helpful for an economy for this to be able to occur !, 
   we pretty much begrudgingly accept this as a given . 
  for frenchies ( same as for us ) it is more important to be respected than to be liked . 
  i agree that there is an open question . 
  however , my expectation is that the final outcome does not materially differ from the current proposal . 
   `` we do n't want uncontrolled immigration '' , `` we want to negotiate trade agreements without interference from the eu '' and `` brussel should not dictate uk laws '' are not good arguments if you want to become a second norway . 
  technically you are correct that in the eea , the uk would not be able to make changes to immigration law . 
  in relation to free trade agreements , you are incorrect as eea countries typically renegotiate their free trade agreements via efta . 
  in terms of laws from brussels , you are somewhat correct . 
  the impact from brussels would be reduced within the eea compared to what it currently is .
