  just to say i think you were an excellent mod and i am really grateful for the times that you specifically answered my questions and helped me out and so forth . 
  thank you very much indeed . 
  i 'm not sure how your post is relevant to my post . 
  i 'm happy for scotland to have another referendum if the circumstances that lead to the last referendum arise again . 
  the uk has global financial services . 
  what do you think that iceland had that made china want to do a fta with them ? 
  why not ? 
  we can tailor the fta with china to the needs of the uk economy . 
  if iceland can have a fta with china , why ca n't the uk ? 
  put down wine . 
  get beer and popcorn . 
  watch show . 
  what are you trying to prove with this article ? 
  china , south korea , japan , canada , usa , singapore , australia . 
  why on earth would you doubt me ? 
  i am entirely sincere . 
   do you believe that the scottish people would have still voted to stay in the uk if they were told that it will exit the eu ? 
  at the time the scottish people voted in their referendum , conservative policy was already for there to be a uk referendum on eu membership . 
  scottish people would have taken this into consideration . 
   it 's perfectly fine to do another referendum if a brexit happens as there 's no reason why scotland should be dragged out of the eu against their will . 
  scotland should of course have a referendum on independence from the uk in the same circumstances in which the last referendum occur ( i.e. 
  snp campaigns for a referendum and gets a majority in the hollyrood elections ) . 
  yes , other parties that also wanted a referendum on the eu , like the greens and ukip , also got increased shares of the vote . 
  uk is close and very easy to find work . 
  that 's all . 
   you do realize that even if the uk leaves the eu , it will still be a case of `` evil eu immigrants '' vs `` all other non-eu immigrants '' in the face of the british media and therefore government and ( inevitably ) public for generations to come , right ? 
  not really . 
  in my mind the key concern for the uk public is `` control '' , rather than nationality and currently there is a feeling that there is no control in relation to eu migrants . 
  i do n't think the uk public really cares whether you are from belgium , bulgaria , brazil or bangladesh provided you come to work - certainly i do n't care . 
   i 'm not going to move to the uk and then look for a job . 
  it is very easy to do this . 
  it is harder to find a job in the uk if you are not here already . 
   at this stage those are mere speculations but even if those turn out to be true ( which i highly doubt ) , it does n't end with one , two or even 20 bureaucratic blockers the residents might have go through . 
  your point , that they will face `` hits '' or `` 20 bureaucratic blockers '' strikes me as more speculative than my point , which is that the uk already has huge numbers of immigrants from outside the eu who do n't seem to endure `` hits '' or at least those `` hits '' do n't stop them coming . 
   ( and sadly the eu citizens living there who will take a few hits one way or another ) . 
  the eventual status of reu citizens living in the uk will likely become similar to the status of australians ( and others from the rest of the world ) living in the uk . 
  australians seem to love being in the uk so i am not sure what `` hits '' they endure . 
  in any case , it does n't seem to stop them wanting to come !, 
   `` imagine farage pushes for enlargement of nhs funds '' . 
  the ukip general election manifesto contained a promise to increase nhs funding . 
  over the last couple of years , ukip has moved from the right to the centre ground of uk politics in relation to their social welfare positions . 
  for example , they campaigned against the conservatives ' `` bedroom tax '' . 
  thanks . 
  i was n't asking for a detailed analysis , but an opinion ( based on general knowledge , interest in economics and politics and so forth ) . 
  fine if you do n't have one , but i do n't think an opinion is necessarily invalid just because there is n't a paper supporting it . 
   with according alignment of taxes and transfers within the eurozone it would work without much problems . 
  it is economically necessary either to complete economic union ( as you describe ) or to end monetary union . 
  neither of these options seems to be politically possible . 
   if the only noticeable difference is having representation , having representation in your own matters is objectively better than not having representation . 
  no , there are multiple other differences . 
  it really depends on how we leave that will impact the nature of those differences . 
  but in any scenario two significant differences are ability to make independent free trade agreements and being outside the political union . 
  whether you value these things more than having representation in the eu is a matter of personal preference . 
  of course it is n't specious . 
  the norwegian foreign minister wants norway to join the eu . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , then the chances of norway joining become more remote . 
  it is entirely rational of him to be worried about this , given his political position . 
  the uk has also not traditionally had referendums , they are something of a recent ( and in my view welcome ) phenomenon . 
  as a matter of uk constitutional law , referendums are not legally binding . 
  however , as a matter of practical reality and politics , they tend to be in effect binding . 
  this has always been his position , no ? 
  the dv and fn positions seem to be specific responses to the uk general election result . 
  out of interest , what is your theory for why the german employment figures ( and i guess also the british ones ) are so much better than the french employment figures ( and i guess also the italian ones ) . 
  so this is now policy of danish dv and the french fn ? 
  unsurprising , given the success of the conservatives in the uk general elections . 
   what exactly is so bad about france that all these people have to flee it 's borders to the uk and only the uk ? 
  in my view these are the main reasons why these migrants would prefer to be in the uk than france : - job market in the uk is better - english language - presence of family members / friends - lack of bureaucracy in the uk compared to france ( especially id cards ) separately , i am not sure why you are being downvoted . 
  the phenomenon of migrants being so desperate to reach the uk so that they will live in a makeshift camp in calais for years , rather than go anywhere else in france or the schengen area to seek asylum / begin to try and make a living is a very interesting one and worth exploring . 
  why do n't you come to the uk to work ? 
  i was pointing out the reductions , opposite of what is happening in france . 
  leaving is a personal preference . 
  there is no objective better or worse . 
  no expertise is needed . 
  you do realise this is not a real invasion right ? 
  also , the irish military and border guards are very closely integrated to the british ones ... 
  they have also invaded the nation of england rather than the nation of scotland as they have not yet reached the nation of scotland . 
  that will come at a later stage . 
  england and scotland are separate nations . 
  an invasion can reach one before another . 
  you get downvoted here if you say that switzerland does ok . 
  in terms of any `` migrant invasion '' ( not my choice of wording ! ), 
  it makes just as much sense to mention the republic of ireland as it makes to mention scotland . 
  these are both places that migrants can travel to without a passport check once they reach england . 
  there also is n't a border between northern ireland and the the republic of ireland . 
  why is it bad for the eu that the uk is not in the euro ? 
  the euro 's problems are not because of the uk . 
  they are because of the poor design and the lack of fiscal union . 
  uk , spain , ireland . 
  please stop downvoting posts you disagree with . 
  the reason why i put forward no arguments is because the post you wrote that i responded to had no arguments in it either , just statements . 
  there are many reasons why norway is best off outside the eu : - can stay out of the failed eurozone - can make its own trade agreements - can stay out of inefficient cfp and cap - outside the political integration agenda . 
  of course the uk 's foreign policy is not illusory . 
  the uk 's current foreign policy is to renegotiate the eu . 
  this is a pretty radical policy and one which you are very interested in indeed . 
  are you downvoting my posts ? 
  if so , please stop doing this . 
  i disagree with you . 
  i think it is better and more efficient for norway not to be in tbe eu and note that norwegians agree with me . 
   did n't tatcher 's resistance to the single currency contribute to her political downfall ? 
  yes , partly .
