  can confirm !, 
  i hear spanish more than i hear english it seems . 
  many many spaniards have moved to the uk in the last year or so . 
  i guess because most spaniards speak english already and also because it is easy to get a job in the uk . 
  a lot of professional spaniards even start out with restaurant/coffee shop work in london in the belief that london is a place where there are always a lot of new opportunities . 
  interesting times . 
   virtually every single country in europe has had its heydays of empire . 
  yes , even sweden . 
  but times have changed a lot since then , no ? 
  before sweden joined the eu was anyone worried about conflict with them ? 
  switzerland , norway and iceland are not in the eu , but are you really worried about a conflict with them that gets ugly and tears people apart ? 
   nothing stops us from trading etc. 
  great britain will be first in the queue to get that free trade agreement with the nordic union signed ... 
   we 've seen what happens when two economic zones try to claim the same territory , as in ukraine . 
  it does n't end peacefully or democratically , it gets ugly and it tears countries apart . 
  i think comparing any hypothetical nordic union to russia is a bit of a stretch . 
  are denmark , norway and sweden really going to be annexing bits of other countries to expand a nordic union ? 
  what kind of `` conflict '' ? 
  opinion polls for the eu elections so show that snp vote share is falling . 
  the question is , will this trend continue ? 
  ukip are not far right . 
  wanting out of the eu does not make you far right . 
  it 's not illegal for parents to read a book to their children . 
  given that that provision was repealed in the uk more than a decade ago , i find it odd that you think russia was copying it . 
  i was a bit surprised that france did not say their piece in at least some english . 
  luckily i speak french though . 
  it is tough for the french that the english language is so dominant . 
  personally i find it a bit odd that people think that the uk needs to be in the eu for a human rights reason . 
  europeans are the same as all other humans , so any fundamental human rights should belong to all humans . 
  because of this i find it odd that people think that rights should sit at a european level rather than a global level or a national one . 
  i mean if canada and new zealand manage fine outside the echr , i suspect that the uk might too . 
  the uk has , after all , a proud and lengthy tradition of liberties and protections under the law . 
  what kind of symbolic resolutions have they voted against ? 
  personally i do n't see the point of a legislature having a vote on something symbolic . 
  you called it the eu human rights court . 
  now you 're saying it is an outside body from the eu . 
  the echr is not a body from the eu . 
  you 're welcome . 
  it sounds like you have no idea what ukip 's policies are . 
  the european court of human rights is nothing to do with the eu , so i find your entire post somewhat ridiculous . 
  i do n't think countries with slavery ahould be allowed in the eu . 
  or countries that have legislation that it very discriminatory against gay people . 
  i really do n't see why the eu needs to make legislation about this . 
  the uk can sort out its own human rights legislation . 
  we really do n't need the eu to do it for us . 
  why do you care so much about opposing ukip , if i may ask ? 
  no , legislation should only be passed where necessary , not just for the sake of it . 
  i 'm not sure what morality has been sacrificed . 
  so ukip vote against giving the eu more powers in relation to descrimination against gays . 
  why is it immoral to believe that this is something that should be decided at member state level ? 
  if you are strongly proeu it might make sense to vote for the lib dems . 
  what is faulty about the principle of wanting to leave the eu ? 
  it is very typically british to believe that all you need to do to vote to say your name and that your word can be relied on ... 
  nothing came of it . 
  and it would n't have been neutral . 
  the only certainty is the lib dem loss . 
  they 're just voting not to give more power to the eu . 
  they believe that the british position on these points should be decided by westminster , not brussels . 
  i expect it is because i am eusceptic . 
  in what way is the uk not paying ? 
  i was talking about the policy ( and thought by your use of the word policy you were also talking about that ) . 
  what scary votes have they done ? 
  each constituency has a separate ballot . 
  actually , i think the last seat is between snp , ukip and the conservatives :-) even more interesting . 
  the yes to a/v campaign refused to let farage campaign for them . 
  very big and amateur mistake . 
  what is racist about ukip 's immigration policy ? 
  unless i am missing something , this opinion poll seems to relate to the general election rather than the european elections ( in which ukip do much better ) . 
  you can start one :-), 
  there 's an error in your logic i think . 
  essentially the difference in positions is 6 percent . 
  as you say , outside the eu our ability to influence the eu will be limited . 
  but is that a bad thing ? 
  our current ability to influence australia , brazil , south africa and hong kong is limited , but why does that matter ? 
  also , even from within the eu our ability to influence is limited . 
  the eu is already planning on imposing the financial transactions tax on the uk despite the uk 's veto and think how long we have tried to reform the cap but to no avail . 
  as for agriculture , the subsidies that scotland gets from the eu are smaller than the ones scotland gives to the eu . 
  if scotland wants to subsidise agriculture , it will be better able to do that out of the eu than in it . 
  it 's the same with exports : scotland also imports from the eu and the eu ( which currently has free trade agreements with countiries like nicaragua , tunisia and albania ) is likely to want to be able to trade freely with the uk , given that the uk is its largest export market . 
  as for tourism , i agree this is an important industry , but i do n't think it needs to suffer outside the eu . 
  [ no , they 're polling on 10 percent , ahead of the lib dems and just behind the tories . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_election,_2014_ ( united_kingdom ) what are your siources ? 
  and we 're now , by voting eusceptic , expressing a desire for negotiations to begin again . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  actually : the uk punches above its weight because of the size of its economy , the english language , historic connections to much of the globe , nuclear weapons and large military , world class universities , presence on the un security council and also the uk 's strong and distinctive soft power ( pop music / royal family / sporting tradition and so forth ) . 
  none of these things are really eu related and i think calling the uk a minnow is a bit misleading . 
  i agree that peoples should put aside petty differences , but that is something for the whole of humanity and not specific to europe . 
  last time they were one percent away . 
  this time , even with an extra one percent they may still miss out . 
  opinion polls does not seem to indicate that they have increased their share of the vote since last time . 
  but we will see . 
  you might not want it , but that is a very different thing from sinking and suffering . 
  many countries survive just fine outside of the eu . 
  i find it odd that people think that the uk could n't . 
  yes , but by voting eusceptic in the eu elections , the brits can indicate their feelings about the eu and force westminster to change its position . 
  yes , just like poor norway , switzerland , lichtenstein , new zealand , australia , canada , japan , singapore , south korea , usa all ca n't survive outside the eu , the uk could n't either . 
  i think is is fairly certain that the lib dems will not get an mep in the east of england . 
  the greens are very unlikely to get one . 
  the most pro are the lib dems . 
  but they will likely lose almost all of their meps .
