  i 'm looking forwards to the european elections , because it is likely that the bnp will not win any seats at all . 
  with that , the bnp will have no electoral representation at all in the uk , making them largely irrelevant . 
  at a time that the far right are on the rise in some parts of europe , it is pleasing that they are on the decline in the uk . 
  knowing other languages does n't really give you a professional advantage in most careers in the uk . 
  that 's why most people in the uk do n't make the effort to learn other languages : they just do n't need to . 
  personally i speak french , spanish and italian and i would like to learn german too . 
  but this is just for personal reasons . 
  if other british people do n't want to learn other languages , i understand their choice . 
  i think you think what he is saying is a clear policy and therefore we should take it seriously . 
  i 'm saying it is n't completely clear and that it is n't a policy . 
  it is a discussion . 
  he has just made some off the cuff remarks . 
  it is really difficult to conclude from what he said what actual policy he wants . 
  you can watch [ the first part of what umunna said here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/10563395/labour-could-create-tough-eu-free-movement-policy-chuka-umunna-hints.html ) . 
  as you can see , this confirms what i have said . 
  there have been years of legal , academic and political debate about free movement of workers and its limitations . 
  you might think this debate is finished . 
  it is n't and nobody thinks it is finished . 
  it is not just britain that debates this , it is debated all over europe . 
  ummuna did not say :  the eu should change its rules to prevent citizens from travelling to other member states in search of work . 
  that is the article 's summary of what he said . 
  what he actually said is :  on low-skill immigration we believe there was too much of it from the eu . 
  there is one important thing about the eu . 
  the founders of the eu had in mind free movement of workers , not free movement of job seekers . 
  undoubtedly we do have to work with our european partners to deal with that . 
  i met with a number of them this week . 
  they are very open to that if we constructively engage with them instead of saying do what we want otherwise we are going to walk off . 
   `` what people intended when they built the eu in the first instance is that people who either had a job or had the skills to get a job would move around the eu . 
  the problem we have at the moment is that you had during our time in office -- and this was where we did make a mistake -- high-skilled people coming from other countries to do low-skilled jobs here . '', 
  the article 's summary of what he said is rather misleading and implies it is much clearer than it actually was . 
  the specific article is not clear . 
  [ as you mentioned , it can mean different things in different languages ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1uvi2r/stop_eu_citizens_travelling_to_uk_in_search_of/cem4x2g ) . 
  there have been years of litigation arguing about what it means . 
  yesterday 's comment is not clear . 
  first he implies that free movement should extend to workers but not job seekers . 
  then he seems to imply it should extend to people who have the skills to get a job . 
  then he seems to think that people with high skills should n't do low-skilled jobs . 
  it is completely unclear what all this might mean . 
  this is amazing . 
  i hate it when i am in europe and ca n't find a kettle . 
  you can have british nationality . 
  i agree with you . 
  i think it is great that low-skilled people come to the uk looking for work that british people do n't want to do . 
  how else do you think i get my house cleaned ? 
  the point i am trying to make is that the treaties are not so clear as they could be and therefore there is some flexibility as to how the policy of free movement should be applied . 
  for example , it is not completely clear that it should apply in relation to welfare/benefits . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the labour party do not intend that the only people who come to britain are people who already have jobs . 
  i would of course prefer shadow ministers not to speak in a rambling and incoherent way . 
  but this does n't mean that they do n't ever speak in a rambling and incoherent way . 
  when they do , we should not pretend that what they are coming out with is some kind of clear policy . 
  i 'm not saying we should dismiss it entirely . 
  but we should reconise it for what it was : an off-the-cuff remark made during a politics discussion programme with a studio audience rather than some kind of formulated policy . 
  actually , [ if you look at the treaties ] ( http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/consolidated_version_of_the_treaty_on_the_functioning_of_the_european_union/title_iv:_free_movement_of_persons,_services_and_capital#chapter_1:_workers ) , the language used is `` worker '' and there has been a lot of eu litigation about what exactly this means . 
  to discuss further refinements to this definition and policy is n't exactly remarkable , though it really is n't clear exactly what he means or intends from his remarks . 
  that 's because what he said was so vague :  `` on low-skill immigration we believe there was too much of it from the eu . 
  there is one important thing about the eu . 
  the founders of the eu had in mind free movement of workers , not free movement of job seekers . 
  undoubtedly we do have to work with our european partners to deal with that . 
  i met with a number of them this week . 
  they are very open to that if we constructively engage with them instead of saying do what we want otherwise we are going to walk off . 
   `` what people intended when they built the eu in the first instance is that people who either had a job or had the skills to get a job would move around the eu . 
  the problem we have at the moment is that you had during our time in office -- and this was where we did make a mistake -- high-skilled people coming from other countries to do low-skilled jobs here . '', 
  that it can hardly be described as a policy . 
  there is n't really anything here to specifically contradict . 
  perhaps you did n't see the tv programme on which this statement occurred ? 
  it was very obvious from the way he spoke that there is no conclusive policy here , he was simply rambling and expressing some rather incoherent thoughts rather than setting out some conclusive position . 
  [ this is a list of wars involving great britain ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_involving_great_britain ) . 
  out of interest , how recent would you say was the last time great britain `` invaded '' continental europe ? 
  perhaps that war between 1939 and 1945 in which europe was trying to unite and great britain invaded in order to stop that happening ? 
  or perhaps those wars between 1803 and 1815 in which , once again , europe wanted to unite but great britain invaded europe to stop it happening ? 
  this is not the position of the labour party . 
  as mentioned earlier , this was an off-the-cuff remark by one politician who evidently does not know what he is talking about . 
  just to be clear , this was said by one politician , live on tv , in response to a question , and obviously he had not prepared his full views on the matter . 
  there is no way that any party in the uk want this as their policy and this headline / article should not be taken out of context . 
  i 'm as eusceptic as they come ( i am a member of ukip ) but i recognise that some immigration to the uk needs to be from people that are looking for work . 
  my view is also that people that come to the uk to look for work should not be given benefits while they look for work . 
  yes - i meant to reply to the comment above yours . 
  the english language is something that makes us feel more european than less i would say . 
  national governments are mostly to blame , after all , national governments chose to join the euro . 
  however , the eu itself is also to blame for designing a system that was bound to cause misery and poverty for many people without need . 
  germany exports cars to greece . 
  greece does not export cars to germany . 
  germany 's economy is much stronger than greece 's . 
  germany needs to start huge fiscal transfers in order to make things work . 
  the reason why the referendum would not be guaranteed even if the law is passed is because the referendum is scheduled for the next parliament , during 2017 ( exact date not confirmed ) . 
  in the uk , our strongest constitutional principle is that no parliament can bind its successor . 
  therefore the next parliament would be able to repeal the referendum bill before it takes place . 
  if the bill is passed now then there will be more political pressure for the referendum to take place , as a future ( e.g. 
  labour ) government will be worried politically about removing the referendum ( as that might be seen to be undemocratic ) . 
  however , as the earlier poster suggested , there is a large chance that this bill wo n't even be passed now . 
  it is all very uncertain . 
   is there a solution ? 
  is there a problem ? 
   do you feel it is wrong , for instance , for the south american countries to have a sense of shared identity simply by virtue of being located on the same continent , and having a shared history ? 
  i think in the case of s. america things are a bit different because it is almost monolingual and cultural differences are much smaller . 
  i think a shared s. american identity is therefore much more natural than a shared european identity . 
  my slight worry about ideas of european identity is that it sometimes seems to have an undercurrent of racial , religious and economic identity , i.e. 
  white , christian and first world . 
  i 'm therefore not always comfortable when the uk has a preference for preferring eu ( i.e. 
  white ) migrants to commonwealth ( i.e.
