  while i agree with you that your own politicians have let you down sometimes , the good thing is that you can easily get rid of them . 
  i also think that if you had your own currency , you would not be able to crazy spend because effectively the international money markets would not be lending to you if you did that . 
  while there has been some largely pointless tinkering around with the cap , it should not exist at all . 
  it is totally pointless and wasteful and distorts markets , removes incentives for efficiency and reduces the abilities of third world producers to compete fairly . 
  the uk should pull out of the eu and then be in control entirely of its own way of managing agriculture . 
   that does not in any way prevent a unified border control and agreement on minimum quota to relieve the southern and eastern members , while allowing the member states to admit more people as they please . 
  the uk has sensibly stayed in control of its own immigration policy . 
  the eu has an insane system whereby refugees pay people smugglers to make dangerous journeys and walk across many safe countries before arriving in germany . 
  then the eu overrode the wishes of some national parliaments to put in place an unworkable relocation policy which of course everyone is igoring . 
  good luck with that . 
   the cap has been reformed , and its scope has been broadened . 
  it 's now a general tool to manage land use , and that includes incentives to preserve open spaces . 
  if the english do n't like their queen getting money from the eu they can take away her goods . 
  what british people want is for her to have her historical entitlements but for those not to be subsidised via the cap . 
  once we leave the eu we will be able to end the madness . 
   or would have to admit that the national vetoes were the thing holding back meaningful reform . 
  this could have been a conclusion that he would have reached , but of course , had he done that he would have had to go to the british people and say `` i am going to give up national vetos '' . 
  he would n't want to risk the anger of the british public . 
  effectively he has been afraid of the real discussion . 
  edit - happy cake day !, 
  local news for local people . 
  nothing to see here !, 
   the thing that angers me the most though is that no-one in portugal voted for this , our politicians just bended over to germany 's and france 's interests when creating the eu . 
  i read a really interesting article once that discussed the amount of time that different european parliaments spent debating the single currency . 
  i read that the portuguese parliament only debated it for a couple of hours before agreeing to it . 
  the uk house of commons debated it for literally hundreds of hours before refusing to join the euro . 
  ( i recently read those debates and they were incredibly interesting . ), 
   we 'd be much worse in some aspects if we were n't in the eu , that 's for sure , but we 'd also be able to control our currency , even if that meant being invaded by british pensioners retiring on 200 $ / month . 
  i think it just depends how much you believe in portual : whether you want to trust your own democracy or whether you prefer to trust the european system ( and the interests of germany and france ) . 
  however , outside the eu you would be able to decide how many british pensioners you wanted to retire to portugal . 
  your own national democracy would be able to make rules about that , depending on your own national interests . 
  in my mind that is a good thing , it effectively empowers the voter . 
   could also be a way to show that alone a european country can not cope switzerland seems to be coping just about . 
   legal capital requirements for banks in 2012 ( basel iii ) . 
  the uk did not block them completely , but it caused the eu to set lower goals than intended by the other eu governments . 
  do you have any source for this one ? 
  my understanding is that british banks are better captialised than their continental counterparts and that the uk rules are more stringent than those of many continental jurisdictions . 
   there is one problem that limits your relations with other countries - the eus monopoly on trade agreements . 
  it is more complex than that . 
  for example , the eu 's free movement of workers rules effectively mean that the uk has to give priority to a latvian worker over an australian worker and this obviously impacts uk-australian relations . 
  while it is theoretically within the gift of the uk to put in place a free movement of workers arrangement with australia , there is in practice a limit to the number of immigrants that the uk can take . 
  thus a consequences of having free movement within the eu is that the uk makes it harder for the natives of other countries to come to the uk , which , in my mind , is the wrong policy . 
  also , the eu is not simply a trade agreement and a single market , things like sanctions etc are an eu competence . 
  to date , the eu and the anglosphere have been broadly on the same page in terms of sanctions against russia and i expect that the uk outside the eu would be sanctioning russia even more heavily than it is today . 
  however , the fact that the uk is constrained by eu membership in terms of global diplomacy is a concern . 
   why did n't the uk conduct talks about trade agreements in all the decades before this power was shifted to the eu very recently ? 
  i think you are incorrect that this has recently become an eu competence . 
  i think it has effectively been a competence of the brussels structures for a long while . 
   you can talk about the uk having `` historical connections '' around the globe as much as you want , the raw numbers show that some of these ties are subpar at best . 
  uk-india trade is a joke ( even belgium exports more to india than you do , germany exports twice as much as you do ) . 
  exports to china are not even a quarter of germany 's . 
  obviously , there is more potential within the eu , you just are n't using it . 
  the correct comparator to how much the uk currently exports to india is not really how much belgium exports , but how much the uk would export if it left the eu . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to just assume that there is more potential for the uk to export more within the eu just because germany does . 
  the uk ca n't turn itself into germany any more than greece can turn itself into germany , our cultures and histories and legal systems and commercial strengths are just too different . 
   exactly the deployment in syria . 
  from what i have noticed , the decision was a lot more reluctant than the decisions just a few years back ( libya for example ) . 
  the fact that parliament voted for deployment is a sign that the uk is not isolationist but prepared to intervene militarily overseas . 
  the fact that this decision was reluctant is in my mind a good thing , not a bad thing . 
  we should never go to war joyously , we should always go to war reluctantly . 
  in particular , the uk should learn from recent experiences with military intervention in the middle east ( especially iraq ) and because of this experience parliament should be very keen to scrutinise heavily the war plans of government . 
  reluctance is a consequence of learning from mistakes , rather than isolationism . 
   it ` needed ' a terror attack in paris to get through with it . 
  ( okay , thats a bit oversimplified ) this again points to not being isolationist . 
  the kind of country that takes seriously the request of a good friend and ally ( uk and france have been peaceful allies for 200 years , had an entente for 100 years , been close miltary allies on a bilateral basis for several years and the french president specifically asked us to intervene in syria ) and uses that request as one of its reasons to go to war is , by definition , not being isolationist . 
   plus , but that 's not exclusive to the uk , a strict opposition against the use of ground forces . 
  i think this is to do with the operation of the war and the nature of war rather than being isolationist . 
   when people like the queen of england gets money from the cap , which is supposed to be keeping people who farm for a living from going out of business , then it should be on everyone 's agenda . 
  oh , of course . 
  yes , but the eu is not reformable . 
  the uk has tried to reform the cap ever since it joined the eec , with very little success . 
  the definition of insane is to keep doing the same thing and expect different results . 
  the uk should pull out of the eu and then decide using our own national democracy and parliament whether or not we want to subsidise our farms . 
  personally i do n't want to subsidise them and would prefer that money to go elsewhere ( nhs or science research etc ) . 
  if other eu countries want to keep subsidising farms , so be it . 
   i 'm not sure . 
  i know immigration will get reformed , hell , i would n't be surprised if eu countries even managed to actually work together on this in the end , but i fear the other stuff will get muddled out by being overshadowed by the other issues , including the pointless ones . 
  it is almost impossible for eu countries to reach agreement on immigration because they are impacted in such different ways . 
  most of eastern eurpope is depopulating and that is causing all kinds of problems . 
  germany has very low birthrate . 
  the uk has a global language and global connections and a strong brand so is inevitably going to be a lot of people 's destination of choice . 
  the uk obviously should be in control of its own immigration numbers and not outsource this control to brussels . 
   he should have at least mentioned them . 
  oh , i quite agree . 
  especially seeing as reform of the common agricultural policy was within the conservatives general election manifesto . 
   when this happens , these aforementioned important subjects wo n't be on the agenda . 
  i disagree . 
  there are plenty of people all over the eu who are fed up with how things are at the moment . 
  immigration into the uk is simply a symptom of a much wider problem . 
  faced with a `` leave '' vote i do n't think people will just carry on as before . 
  they will really wake up . 
   how can you possibly plan for it though ? 
  how many will come next year , for instance ? 
  or over the next ten ? 
  when the uk is back in control of immigration numbers , parliament can set , for example , a target for the next decade and deal with infrastructure and housing accordingly . 
  ( obviously the uk is not really in control of emigration figures , so there is always going to be a need for adjustment . ), 
  however , personally i trust the democratic process to be able to make sensible decisions about immigration and how to manage the consequences of it . 
   if he had addressed issues like the common agricultural policy ( which actually needs reform ) , the eu parliament still being split between brussels and strasbourg i agree that things like cap and the split parliament should have been on his reform plan . 
  the reason why he did not include them was because he knew that the french would veto them and that he would then have to go to the british public and say that the renegotiation had failed . 
  cameron therefore only chose things that he knew he would be able to succeed in , rather than the things that need reform , which , as you say , is mostly a pointless rearrangement of deckchairs on a sinking titanic .
