   i suppose the problem is that the ` government ' and he party that is in government ( and then the supporters of that party ... ) i 'm not so concerned about what the conservative party want generally or what its supporters want . 
  i am concerned about the government as they are the people running the country who are ultimately answerable for their actions . 
  the government was elected with an explicit manifesto commitment of reforming the eu . 
  if this is no longer government policy , then they should kindly inform the electorate . 
  they will come to regret being dishonest and presenting things which clearly are n't reforms as reforms . 
  if cameron and osborne tell the great british public that they have reformed the eu and negotiated that the uk does not have to join the euro ( which is basically what the reforms seem to come down to ) then i do n't think that the great british public will be very impressed . 
   the problem is that the prospect for actual reform seems pretty slim ( and even if you are wildly optimistic , it 's very , very limited reform . . ) so for the government to be able to support its ` in a reformed eu ' position it has to be able to present victories . 
  this is incredibly dishonest and i think the british public will see through it . 
  if the position of the british government is that we should stay in the eu , whether or not it is reformed , they should say so . 
  what they should n't do is pretend that something is a reform when it clearly is n't . 
   22 major polls , only three of which had an `` out '' victory . 
  i 'm not sure that this justifies the claim that polling is mixed . 
  your claim was that :  every poll indicates that there will be a comfortable victory for the `` in '' vote . 
  i think my claim is more accurate . 
  there have been three polls for `` leave '' , one poll which was tied and the `` remain '' polls vary hugely , from uncomfortably close victories to massive victories : in other words , very mixed . 
  ( some of those polls which you call major also have significantly smaller samples than would be standard for a major poll . ), 
  the fact that there are such differences in the polls makes me think that they are only reliable to a limited extent . 
  they are not within the margin of error of each other which means some of them must be systemically wrong . 
  we also saw the opinion polls get the general election very wrong and signifcant moves in polling prior to the scottish referendum . 
   i think it does need to be explicitly stated though . 
  i agree it needs to be explicitly stated , but this should not need to be something that is negotiated . 
  the explicit stating of something that is already the case should not be presented as a victory or a reform , but simply a technical and administrative process . 
   except every poll indicates that there will be a comfortable victory for the `` in '' vote . 
  this is n't really true . 
  polling is mixed but there have been some recent polls saying that leave will win . 
  the fact that the polling is so mixed is also an indication that we should be somewhat sceptical about polling right now . 
  the polls are not within the margin of error of each other which indicates some systemic flaws . 
   we saw it with the scottish independence referendum , and we 'll see it again with the eu referendum : in the face of uncertainty , especially financial uncertainty , brits vote for the status quo . 
  in the couple of years prior to the scottish independence referendum , the `` yes '' campaign increased its share of the vote considerably . 
  45 % of scots voted for independence without knowing what currency they would have , whether they would be in or out of the eu . 
  given this i am not sure that 50 % of brits wo n't vote to leave the eu . 
   is also seeking an `` emergency brake '' mechanism to protect the economic interests of non-euro countries this emergency brake is an incredibly poor mechanism . 
  either a measure is : - harmful to the non-euro countries ( in which case there should be a veto rather than a brake ) , or - not harmful to the non-euro countries ( in which case there should be no brake . 
   mr osborne will say that the new rules must enshrine the `` integrity of the european single market '' and ensure that it is not distorted by eurozone countries rigging the rules in their favour . 
  this is already the position under the existing treaties , though there is no explicit statement . 
  presenting this as a victory is in my mind ridiculous . 
   because they have lots of nazi gold are you for real ? 
  you know how long ago ww2 ended , right ? 
   is a amoral tax haven eh ? 
  switzerland 's tax laws are a question for switzerland . 
  tax is about efficiency , not morality . 
   in the other case , the majority is protecting one very small minority from a larger and more powerful minority there are some women who want to wear the veil . 
   i speak danish to the swedes i meet , they do n't understand shit , but i do n't give a damn . 
  this also happens when you speak danish to danes . 
  they do n't understand it . 
  ;-) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
   because if the regulatory environment is lax enough that banks can misadvertise that badly , then the government is at fault . 
  the advertising and product selling was taking place in the uk and therefore uk regulation from the uk government was at fault here . 
  if you have more debt than financial assets , what would you think people will vote ? 
  i think most people would consider all the forseeable consequences of the referendum , not just the immediate impact on their own balance sheet . 
  that is certainly how i would vote , i have more debt than financial assets but i would not vote for all mortgages to be written off . 
   i expect the majority of the people to benefit from a situation where they lose both their mortgage as well as their savings . 
  i do n't think so because it would destroy the financial system . 
   http://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/racism_one-in-four-swiss-residents-has-xenophobic-attitudes/41271694 this does n't put switzerland in a different category from the rest of western europe . 
   so you state , i think it perfectly illustrates that the filter that is representative democracy has quite a few advantages that direct democracy has not . 
  i disagree . 
  it is worth looking at the impact of direct democracy on switzerland as a whole . 
  things are working out incredibly well for them . 
  as to iceland 's referendum on bailing out the banks , once again i think the icelandic people made the correct decision . 
   banning certain cultural or religious buildings is n't really comparable to banning modes of dress , the reasoning behind the veil ban is drastically different and happens in a quite different legal , cultural and social context . 
  in both cases , the majority is preventing the minority from the minority doing what it wants . 
  whatever the legal reasoning used and the legislative process , banning cultural and religious buildings and banning cultural and religous clothes have very similar outcomes . 
   yes , there are risks associated with that , but the perspective of the depositor in a high street bank is not that the bank gets to play investment banker with his money . 
  his main concern is that the bank not lose it . 
  i think that depositors think about high street banks that are incorporated in and regulated in their own jurisdictions and have been part of the fabric of their national life for generations in a slightly different way from how they think about high interest paying internet based banks incorporated in and regulated overseas . 
  to the extent that people are n't thinking about these different types of bank accounts in different ways , then the governments need to put in place regulation to ensure that depositors only deposit in higher risk accounts after they have been through a red flag check . 
  that escalated quickly . 
   that is your opinion , for sure , ca n't say that it is very well founded ( or ... founded on anything at all so far ) . 
  i 'm not sure if you have ever been to switzerland , but it is well known that on almost every metric they are one of the wealthiest , freeest , happiest most peaceful countries in the world . 
  they have referendums on a whole range of matters regularly . 
  i can not see what the poor outcomes are . 
   i `` plucked '' a single example that shows that minority protection is weakened by direct democracy . 
  it is as such very relevant . 
  you were originally making a case that people in a direct democracy would vote for their mortgages to be cancelled . 
  you example has no bearing on that whatsoever . 
  we also get things like the minaret ban in representative democracies . 
  look at the ban on the face veil in france . 
   ask the swiss how their minaret-referendrum went . 
  in switzerland direct democracy works well . 
  plucking a single example which gave a result you disagreed with does not really make your case . 
  the situation with minarets in switzerland as a result of that referendum is not an outcome that is wildly different from the types of policies which representative government comes up with . 
   the treaty that was signed was to protect the taxpayer , at least the ones using that bank . 
  the aim of the deposit protection scheme is not to protect all taxpayers , but all depositors . 
  not all taxpayers are depositors and not all taxpayers are depositors in overseas high interest accounts . 
   uk already has lowish deficit < 3 % so even if it were using the euro that would change nothing . 
  uk 's deficit is currently 4.9 % of gdp and has been significantly higher than 3 % each year of the gsp . 
  inside the eurozone , austerity in the uk would have been much greater . 
   well guess what uk and ecb print the same amount of money as proportion of gdp . 
  uk began printing money in 2009 . 
  eurozone began printing money in 2015 . 
  this is a dramatic difference . 
  inside the eurozone , the uk could not have begun qi in 2009 . 
   risks exist , but the people responsible for making these risks come true can still be held accountable . 
  if a bank goes down the people that will lose money are either ( i ) the investors/depositors or ( ii ) the taxpayer . 
  i prefer that it should be the former rather than the latter . 
   when is the referendum exactly ? 
  the date has not been scheduled . 
  accordingly to the law that is currently going through parliament , it has to take place before the end of 2017 . 
   as for my original content , i 'm not really referring to fiscal transfer zone within the eurozone , but him wanting to have a say in further integration of other countries , which i find is something he can not demand . 
  what cameron seems to be arguing ( though we have not seen ) is for there to be a `` brake '' on eurozone integration if the non eurozone 's interests are harmed by the eurozone integration .
