   neither of us will be in the eu :( in our case this is fantastic . 
   ok but you 're in coalition with people who 's main arguments were to do with calais and muslims and nothing to do with the eu . 
  i 've no idea what you mean about calais . 
  there is almost nobody in the uk who thinks that the uk should just let everyone from calais into the uk without going through regular immigration procedure . 
  people who voted leave and remain have the same views on calais . 
   leaving aside the impracticalities of vague `` skill sets '' ( can you flesh that out a bit ) . 
  it is n't that vague . 
  multiple countries have immigration policies related to the skills of immigrants . 
  there are many ways of doing this . 
   surely it 's better to have more immigrants from areas that share our values and have higher standards of education and cultural match ? 
  if we only wanted immigrants with higher standards of education , than we should select immigrants on the basis of their education levels ( and not on the basis of nationality ) . 
  equally , if we wanted immigrants which were a cultural match ( not really my own policy ) then we should give priority to the countries which are most culturally similar to the uk ( e.g. 
  aus , nz , ireland , canada and us ) and not the eu . 
   if your point were really true you 'd see the exact same things in other countries that use the same product and there simply is n't the same belief in nonsense or the same desire to leave . 
  different countries have very different political traditions , constitutional systems and histories . 
  the motives that other countries have for being in the eu do not really exist in the uk and the uk fits particularly poorly into the eu exactly because of our history and tradition of parliamentary sovereignty . 
  however , there is substantial euscepticism in various other countries and , brexit is likely to be an existential challenge to the eu . 
  how divided we are , by our common language !, 
   citation is tory party policy being controlling immigration over the single market and repeated surveys showing immigration as a high or the highest priority depending on how it 's broken down recent poll showing still 39 % of country showing immigration as their highest prio you specifically claimed : '' * as said poll after poll recently is coming out saying the main reason was immigration . 
  * '' these citations are not polls demonstrating that . 
   indeed , and to answer in short we should 've controlled non-eu immigration more and pushed for border controls at the european level , i disagree . 
  in my own view the uk should welcome immigrants on the basis of their skill set rather than on the basis of nationality . 
  that policy strikes me as being not only ethically better , but also economically better . 
   strange how the meaning has changed . 
  you are right . 
  in fact , one of the reasons why i find it an unhelpful expression to use is exactly because it means different things to different people . 
   i just found it funny how a lot of the argument was helping out the farmers , and yet it seems to have bitten them on the rear . 
  actually , i think that farmers as a group were mostly in favour of remain . 
  farmers in the uk who think that other british taxpayers should subsidise farmers should be happy to argue their case within the uk 's democratic system . 
  i disagree with them , but that is democracy . 
  you do n't always get what you want . 
   right but the problems of a load of these groups are n't going to be solved by this because as you just said with the bus etc they were being wilfully mislead . 
  i do n't agree with this . 
  if the bus had the net figure on it rather than gross figure , i do n't expect that the result would have been any different . 
  however , what is clear is that both sides were fast and loose with the truth . 
   if i 'm honest the damage is already done even if we reversed everything tomorrow what damage ? 
  the result has been wonderful . 
   can you honestly hand on your heart say that if the campaign had been presented as a bunch of facts in a booklet from an agreed upon set of sources as referendums in nz are then leave would 've won ? 
  i suspect that without the official campaigns , the margin of victory by leave would have been greater . 
  remain after all had by far the most effective resources at their disposal . 
  the eu is just simply not a product that british people like . 
   yes because post-vote polling loads of people are going to say `` i voted to reduce immigration '' . 
  as said poll after poll recently is coming out saying the main reason was immigration . 
  citation ? 
   and yet we now have a `` brexit government '' given that this is what the british people voted for , it is good that the british government is in favour of brexit . 
   openly floating policies like quotas and registrations of foreigners and seeing if they stick . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by registrations of foreigners , but quite obviously every single country in the world has , within government information , lists of citizens and non-citizens , to reflect the different rights and responsibilities of these . 
  the uk does this too . 
   as you say yourself the racists are very fragmented from full edl types to `` ban muslims '' to my a grandmother who reads the daily mail . 
  i did not say this . 
  i do not think most daily mail reading grandmothers are racists . 
   but the arguments of the secondary campaign where we had the breaking point posters and all of that rhetoric , plus how it was n't repudiated by the primary campaign nigel farage 's breaking point poster was in exceptionally poor taste ( and had little connection with the referendum in the uk ) and was criticised by vote leave . 
   hence you can have a campaign where people voting for it thought `` we 'll reduce immigration to zero '' and `` we 'll increase immigration from the commonwealth '' . 
  why are you trying to make some kind of absurd connection between immigration and racism ? 
  you and i both likely favour some controls on immigration , along with the vast majority of humanity . 
  you are no better than a leave voter who wants to reduce immigration . 
  you just want controls to be exercised in a different way . 
   but as said it 's a bit hard to avoid it surely ? 
  it is very easy to argue without using expressions designed to offend . 
  just do n't use them . 
  it is an excuse for avoiding thought . 
   like there 's a faction of racists within the brexit campaign . 
  while there are of course some racists in the uk and these would have tended to vote leave , it is worth noting that this number of people is likely tiny . 
   who the leave campaign appeased by not having a coherent position . 
  the position was to leave the eu , which is a coherent position . 
   even if many of the arguments and the people undeniably are racist and many people were gullible what arguments are racist ? 
  there is nothing racist about voting to leave the eu . 
  while it is true that the 350m figure on the bus was misleading ( as it is a gross figure rather than a net figure ) the figures by the remain campaign ( and notably osborne 's each family will be # 3,500 worse off ) were more misleading . 
   so wait why were people voting brexit if not for a mixture of reasons like 350m for the nhs or reducing immigration as post election polling has said ? 
  polling in the immediate aftermath of the referendum suggested that the main reason that people voted leave was because of the principle that decisions made that impact the people of the uk should be made by people in the uk and subject to democratic accountability in the uk . 
   were the edl and racist groups not strongly in favour of brexit ? 
  which racist groups do you mean other than edl ? 
  while it is likely that edl supporters did mainly vote `` leave '' , it should be pointed out that the edl is a disorganised and chaotic group with no party political organisation , no formally articulated policy positions and is no real threat to democratic life in the uk whatsoever . 
  indeed , it is noteworthy that the far right in the uk is currently at an all time nadir ( and in fact has never had a significant following ) . 
  in short , of the 17.4 m people in the uk who voted leave , a tiny proportion of these would have been edl affiliates or the like . 
   i constantly hear something about the nhs , but do not have an actual understanding of its working principle . . how private or how collaborative is the british health system ? 
  not an expert on this by any means , but the working principle of the nhs is `` free at the point of use '' . 
  the extent to which health care provision should be covered by anything other than general taxation in the uk ( e.g. 
  payment by users or insurance ) is a contentious political issue in the uk . 
  for some reason , the nhs has become a sort of national religion in the uk , such that it is almost political suicide to question it . 
  personally i think that the nhs is much over-rated and there are a variety of other systems in other countries ( including your country ) that the uk could learn from . 
   besides what 's so bad about these words ? 
  perhaps you were not aware , but the expression `` little englander '' is almost always used negatively . 
  it is used to criticise people for being xenophobic or overly nationalistic . 
  now you are aware . 
  when people who supported remain call people who support leave `` little englanders '' it is used as a way of trying to delegitimise euscepticism and to try and shame people into supporting the eu . 
  this is of course a poor way of arguing . 
  we should argue for or against the eu on its merits , rather than try and tarnish the people who want to vote in a particular way . 
  ( i might add that any leave supporters who call remain supporters `` traitors '' are equally guilty . ), 
  one of the low points in the referendum was when cameron accused leave supporters of being `` little englanders '' . 
  it is of course unbecoming of a british prime minister to try and smear the british people in this way . 
  calling leave voters `` little englanders '' also ignores the significant levels of euscepticism that are there in scotland , northern ireland and wales . 
   i have a hard time believing that , but if so it 's a shame the end of family farms in the uk started happening more than two centuries ago . 
  since ww2 they have almost been non-existent . 
  perhaps it was once a shame , but we have all now forgotten them . 
  since that time farms in the uk have been largely like any other business . 
  uk has a very different tradition from france when it comes to agriculture , party because of geography and mostly because of history . 
  uk industrialised and urbanised quickly . 
  uk stopped producing enough food to feed itself around 1760 and from then on has relied on imports . 
  in one of the most politically significant events of the 19th century in the uk , the peel government decided to repeal the corn laws , so that uk producers of grain would no longer be protected .
