  you need to be situated on a piece of irrelevant territory , have mountains and safeguard other countries their gold . 
  while switerland has its own kind of uniqueness , so does the uk , though a different kind of uniqueness than switzerland . 
  switzerland can stay being the rich neutral chocolate country with great direct democracy . 
  the uk can be the island country , with a large economy , strong soft power , a weird consitutional set-up , a weird sense of humour , and a set of diplomatic , military and economic alliances around the globe . 
   belgium tried to be like switzerland once , we got invaded twice . 
  the uk has managed pretty well against invaders over the years . 
  ( not that this is relevant to the brexit discussion in any way at all . ), 
   pouting and withdrawing was a very dumb move on the side of the uk - now shit gets decided over here instead of in brussels or at least between paris , london and berlin . 
  the two main things to be decided in the eu right now are the eurozone crisis and the immigration crisis . 
  the uk has opt-outs of both of these . 
  it was completely sensible for the uk not to be part of these . 
  how the reu deals with the eurozone crisis or the immigration crisis is something that the uk should largely ignore as the uk is able to not participate . 
  i am happy for germany to be deciding what happens in the rest of the eu on this and do n't want the uk to be one of the countries telling greece what its government can or can not do . 
  what i want is for elected representatives in the uk to decide how the uk looks after its own finances and its own borders , which is currently the case . 
  i 'm really not interested in the uk bossing round other european countries . 
   you might come to sign some tpp bs , having your market flooded with items you could never compete against . 
  crushing your job market , your regulations , and so one . 
  this has not happened in norway . 
  why would it happen to the uk ? 
  there are countries in the eu already that have their job market crushed . 
  being in the eu does not guarantee you have a good job market , being outside it does not guarantee you have a bad job market . 
   and that 's just one thing . 
  leaving the eu might be much more detrimental to the uk than it willl be the the eu . 
  as you said , you are a net exporter in the eu , but by leaving it , you might also lose the free trading that comes with it . 
  the uk is not a net exporter to the reu . 
  the uk imports more than it exports . 
   that 's true . 
  but then it comes down to whose opinion people trust more : their paper or their government . 
  if cameron can point to any kind of `` concessions '' from europe then i suspect he 'll have a large part of the telegraph 's core readership eating out of his hand . 
  i do n't think the telegraph core readership is with cameron on this . 
  there will likely be high profile conservatives recomending an `` out '' and those people are much closer in values and beliefs to the telegraph readership . 
   you think your economy has a chance against the biggest countries in this world ? 
  yes . 
  look at switzerland 's economy . 
  or new zealand 's . 
  or south korea 's . 
  they do fine and they 're not in the eu . 
  replace london as world financial center ( would need some strong will but is possible ) there is n't just one global financial centre . 
  global financial centres are currently london and new york and then to a lesser extent singapore and hong kong . 
  i 'm not sure why you think that the us or china are able to stop london being a global financial centre or even if they would really want to . 
  a global financial centre is caused by things like english language , common law , a somewhat certain political and fiscal culture , high salaries , strong financial institutions and a favourable regulatory climate , a concentration of talented individuals and so forth . 
  these things are not set to change . 
   it will be the tabloids vs everyone else : the tories , labour , lib dems , big business , the guardian , times , independent , the economist , ft , etc etc etc : all of them want to avoid brexit the telegraph will likely recommend an out vote as will the spectator . 
   european countries are small in comparaison , and without bonding with each other , we ca n't stand against the brute force of the us or china . 
  the uk does n't need to be afraid of the us or china . 
  what are the terrible things that the us or china is going to do to the uk ? 
  the uk did not go through a period of high unemployment relative the majority of europe . 
  one of the interesting things about the british recession was that unemployment , though it increased , was not a massive disaster . 
  that 's just too kind , thanks very much !, 
  i 'm on holiday in greece at the moment , so enjoying a corner of europe directly rather than via r/europe at the moment !, 
  proof that frisian is the closest language to english :-) the hard k sound became the ch sound in words like church or children or cheese for english and frisian at the same time . 
  thatcher won three elections . 
  every government post thatcher has been thatcherite . 
  no government in the uk wants to reverse her policies . 
  she is a divisive figure because she was a conviction politician . 
  the left also hate her partly because she is a woman ( for some reason the left think that women should n't be right wing ) . 
  london 's position as a financial centre was in relative decline in the postwar period . 
  thatcher 's reforms reversed that . 
  she did n't start the mess . 
  none of the reforms she made caused the mess . 
  it is a good thing for the uk that we have a global financial centre . 
  other countries would be glad to have it . 
  thatcher 's big bang contributed to making london the pre-eminent global financial centre and the massively successful city it is today . 
  absolutely nobody thinks that the deregulatory measures during the bigbang , which made the city far more meritocratic and less of an old-boys ' network than it had been previously . 
  as one of the 100,000 s of city workers from a poor background i really appreciate that . 
  thatcher 's tax reductions were very popular which is why she won three elections and no government has tried to overturn them . 
  it was n't thatcher 's deregulation that lead to the financial crisis . 
  they managed fine with the dmark . 
  look at calais . 
  it is n't roughly equivalent because far more want to get to the uk than want to get to france . 
  if france was not in schengen , france could control its borders . 
  the fact that france is in schengen and the uk is n't means that the illegal immigrants can get into france and not the uk . 
  italy is incentivized to send them northwards . 
  if france stopped illegal entrants into france , there would not be a build up in calais . 
  it is n't moot . 
  i saw the rest of the comment . 
  however , the external borders of schengen are n't working . 
  italy lets them in and then passes them on to france . 
  id cards do n't help . 
  france does not do anything about calais even though the people there have no id cards . 
  there is n't a return date for people that enter illegally . 
  thanks !, 
  i had n't noticed that . 
  interestingly , swedish democrats have tended in the past to be underestimated by opinion polls . 
  there are a lot of parallels between the euro and schengen . 
  having a currency and having control of borders are two fundamental parts of national sovereignty , both of which many eu countries have given up , which the uk has opt outs from . 
  both of these were jewels in the crown of the eu project , which are both now coming under intense pressure . 
  it makese sense to consider the parallels between them . 
   it should be that schengen states fully support all of their own border nations in managing/processing/patrolling the external border . 
  belgians can not pretend anymore that our border does not stretch to lampedusa . 
  it does !, 
  for some reason the schengen-zone got rid of internal borders before agreeing a system of what to do about external borders , when these become stressed . 
  this was about as insane as the eurozone getting rid of national monetary policy before agreeing a system of what to do when particular eurozone nations suffer economic crises without being able to use national monetary policy . 
   the reasoning from the mayor of calais is that the uk should be either in schengen or out of the eu . 
  either of those would prevent migrants getting blocked up in calais . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , there will still be migrants blocked in calais . 
  it is obvious why the uk stays out of schengen and the mayor of calais and everyone else knows why . 
  inside schengen , the uk would not be able to control its borders and thousands of illegal migrants would enter . 
   you are talking about causes for immigrants piling up , i am talking about causes for not dealing with the immigrants piling up . 
  ultimately the calais migrant situation causes significantly more problems in france than the uk ( though of course it does cause some problems in the uk too ) .
