  why would the other member states agree to change many of the eu 's core aspects in order to appease the one most eurosceptic member state ? 
  and this is why i hope britain leaves . 
  britain and the rest of europe want different things , so there is just no point us sticking to a union which will gradually become unhappier . 
  britain leaving is best for everyone involved . 
  britain gets back sovereignty and the rest of europe can move towards a full federation without the uk holding back the process . 
  everyone is a winner . 
  european federalists should welcome a brexit just as much as british `` souverainistes '' . 
   the bonds are issued under english law . 
  no syriza can change that . 
  syriza if in government can refuse to repay them though ( and this is a risk whatever the governing law ) . 
  sovereign debt investors always consider political risk . 
   what high risk ? 
  greece has been shown to be willing and able to kill their own people to pay interest , and if the number do n't work out right now they are getting eu support ( albeit with a side dish of grumbling and preaching ) . 
  there 's not much more they could do . 
  most states in the world are less committed to paying debts . 
  there is a political risk - there is a chance that syrizia get elected and change policy . 
  also , investors have already been leant on once in recent years to bail-in greece . 
  there is a chance that this happens again . 
   why english law ? 
  is this common ? 
  i know most international shipping contracts stipulate that any disputes should be decided under english law , but i 've never heard of a foreign country issuing sovereign bonds where disputes will be judged under english law ( and not even a commonwealth realm like cyprus ! ) . 
  english law and new york law are the legal systems of choice in the international capital markets because they are lender-friendly and have clear insolvency processes . 
  it is actually somewhat common for these laws to be chosen for sovereign debt and particularly emerging markets sovereign debt , with latam choosing new york law and eastern europe and africa choosing english law . 
  investors have a preference for common law systems because : - there is much more certainty and predictability when it comes to judgments of an english court ( compared to , say , a greek court ) . 
  the common law relies on precedent and judges are bound by prior decisions . 
  - english courts come to judgment very quickly . 
  investors hate lengthy litigation processes and by going to the english courts you can avoid this . 
  - the inherent risk of greek-law governed debt is that the greek government might be forced to change the law in the future to require investor bail-ins into sovereign debt and even those dissenting bondholders might have to get a haircut . 
  there is no risk that english law will be changed in this respect . 
  - at the time of the sovereign debt crisis , greece had several bonds in the market which had identical commercial terms with the only difference being the governing law and jurisdiction provisions . 
  the english law governed greek bonds ended up trading at a significant premium to the greek law governed bonds . 
  - all these factors mean that greece can actually raise money at lower interest rates if it choses english law . 
  - note that english law is not foolproof here . 
  all of greece 's assets tend to be located in greece . 
  thus , even if investors can get a judgment in the english courts , there is a risk for investors that the greek courts ( the location of the assets ) do n't enforce the judgment of the english courts ( despite being treaty bound to do so ) . 
  however , if this were to happen greek debt would get a `` d '' rating from the ratings agencies and nobody wants this to happen . 
  hope this is clear !, 
  i 'm not sure if we really are burning political capital . 
  i noticed that [ the joint osborne/schauble ft oped on eu reform ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5265a32e-b5c7-11e3-81cb-00144feabdc0.html#axzz2ypddtd3z ) specifically mentioned completing the free market in services and this is , of itself , a bit of a british coup . 
  to me this indicates that the uk is pushing for this softly behind the scenes , rather than making it the grand stance . 
   the crazy thing is this cherry picking will exclude us from any common services market . 
  admittedly the intransigence in germany against opening up the services market is annoying and damaging to the eu at large . 
  as an eusceptic that exports services to the eu ( among other places ... ) this one did interest me . 
  reading the finer print in the proposal , it seems that mansfield is not arguing for the uk to be totally excluded from the common services market , but suggesting partial access ( though he does point out why this might be difficult to negotiate ) . 
  [ the current government has talked frequently about completing the free market in services ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/extracts-from-the-chancellors-speech-on-europe ) , but they do n't seem to have achieved anything more than the previous government . 
  i 'm not sure what else the uk can do here , other than try and sweet talk angela . 
  britain has already cherrypicked , just as other member states have too . 
  britain has cherrypicked out of the euro and cherrypicked out of schengen and cherrypicked a rebate from the cap and cherrypicked out of various justice and home affairs positions and cherrypicked out of the fiscal compact and is currently cherrypicking out of the financial transactions tax . 
  this is called politics . 
  you can call it cherrypicking or you can call it agreements reflecting the different wants and interests of different peoples . 
  not every country wants the same thing . 
   scroll to page 10 - they pretty much want all the benefits switzerland has ( minus few that they do n't like ( notably : free movement of people ) or do n't care about ) without contributing the the eu budget like switzerland does . 
  i ca n't see how anyone in the eu would be stupid enough to agree on that . 
  authors of this document live in a fairytale . 
  i 'm not sure if you properly read the paper . 
  it is an extensive discussion over what the uk would want and what the uk might get , pointing out the various risks . 
  what the uk would get once it leaves the eu is an open question and a lot of people in the eu have very different views on this . 
  i skim-read it last night and it was an interesting discussion . 
  i 'd need to read it again properly to do it justice . 
  the fact that it was written by a british diplomat ( though the prize givers did not realise this when they awarded the prize ) is particularly interesting , even though he obviously wrote in a personal capacity . 
  the submission purports to come at the question from a neutral perspective , so not really trying to say if is better for britain to be in or out , but simply what britain should do if it does leave and the various risks and uncertainties that would be inherent in this endeavour . 
  this is exactly the right way that the `` better off out '' campaign need to approach this in my mind , by being realistic and not trying to promise anything that the uk can not deliver . 
  certainly they are learning lessons from the scottish `` yes '' campaign . 
  the main points from memory were : ( 1 ) that britain would be able to prosper both inside or outside the eu and therefore the decision to leave or not is really an economic question but a political one . 
  ( 2 ) that britain should use leaving the eu as a way to be more open to the rest of the world , rather than more isolationist . 
  what do you mean by the `` one passport system '' ? 
  do you just mean `` single market '' ? 
  the writer has dealt with this extensively in his blueprint . 
  while you might exclude the scottish from contempt , i 'm not sure why the welsh get a pass ... 
  i agree with what you 're saying , that ideally a constitutional process would be followed towards independence ( like with uk and scotland ) . 
  however , it sounds like spain is not allowing a referendum under any circumstances and not negotiating with the catalan government . 
  in these circumstances , legal and constitutional arguments are no longer really important . 
  yes , there is a chance that this arrangement could work . 
   b-but uk we wuv u < 3 we love you too , we just do n't want to be in a federation with you . 
  you can still love us even after we leave . 
   i believe there is going to be a point at which everyone will agree to stop integrating . 
  britain reached this point 20 years ago though . 
  from the perspective of many in the uk , there is already too much integration and there should be extensive powers returned to the member states . 
  i do n't think the rest of the eu will agree to this , so i think the uk leaving is the best option for everyone . 
  comma fucker , the universal pedant always correcting meaningless trivialities we use the expression `` grammar nazi '' for this kind of a person . 
  of these `` zeitgeist '' is , as you indicate , already an english word !, 
  i 'm not sure if the english language needs a word for `` weltschmerz '' . 
  this concept strikes me as a very germanic idea !, 
  i think people in the anglosphere are not conceptual/philosophical enough for this feeling . 
  we already struggle with the word `` angst '' and think of it as a very german feeling that english people do n't tend to have - i do n't think we need another related word ... 
   the european idea would lose . 
  what good is a political union for if it divides ? 
  when there is someone unhappy , it should strive to make that country agree . 
  but what good is a political union if the countries do n't want the same things ? 
  the uk only wanted a common market , not a federation and common foreign policy and social policy etc , which is where the rest of the eu is going and what germany etc want . 
  it therefore makes sense for us to separate in a sensible and peaceful way and continue to be friends but just not in the same union together . 
  also , the euroarea will not be growing all at the same pace . 
  for example in 2014 , germany will be at a good 1.7 while italy will be at 0.6 . 
  while `` schadenfreude '' was orginally a german word it has now also become an english word through frequent use . 
  it is now in the oxford english dictionary . 
   who gains the most from uk leaving the eu ? 
  everyone . 
  the uk gains sovereignty . 
  the rest of the eu can integrate and become a full federation at a much faster rate without the uk saying no . 
  everyone is a winner .
