  in the case of russia i do n't think anyone believes that they have an effective democracy . 
  the uk should sanction russia primarily because of its actions in ukraine . 
  i agree that the current polish government 's actions towards the judiciary are regrettable . 
  but do you know what ? 
  so were those of the last polish government . 
  if we ignored it then , but intervene now , then we simply demonstrate our own bias rather than a respect for polish democracy . 
  given this we should let poles be the ones that make the decision . 
  while the rule of law is of course fundamental , unfortunately the eu itself and many eu countries have work in progress in that area . 
  while some of the actions of the current polish government have been unfortunate , everything i have read have indicated that they have been of a similar standard to the previous polish government and the behaviour of other eu governments . 
  the only reason that the eu is so angry with poland now is because this government is an eusceptic one . 
  by making eusceptic governments observe a different standard from euphile governments , we are applying the law in an impartial way and undermining the very rule of law you apparently support . 
  far better than intervening in this discriminate manner is to let poles take matters into their own hands , when they next vote . 
   it is telling that you consider your backwards nationalist ideology more important than the rule of law . 
  do n't call my ideology backwards please . 
  your ideology is just as `` nationalistic '' as mine , you just have a different conception of what the nation is . 
  i believe in national democracy exactly because it is the best way of creating a society which observes the rule of law . 
  yours is the utopian vision which puts a project above all else : creating things like the euro that will definitely cause misery and unemployment for many ( though not in your own country ) . 
  this kind of utopia is worse for the rule of law than mine . 
  inevitably it ends up in poor laws being created and then being ignored . 
  it also reduces the ability of a nation to select its own government with its own vision considerably , something that is very regrettable for national democracy . 
  we want all countries to have as high democratic standards as possible : this is not a wish that we just have for europe . 
  and we should be incredibly reluctant to challenge governments in any country in the world that have won free and fair elections . 
  otherwise we are just interfering with their national democracy , and making problems worse . 
  to the extent that the eu imposes any kind of penalty on poland , that would be a regrettable slap in the face at polish democracy . 
  the people who decide who should govern poland are poles , not other countries . 
  that is the whole point of a democracy . 
  even if you believe chamberlain was correct to appease hitler , it is still totally irrelevant to the current polish government . 
  the uk ( and other eu countries ) maintain close diplomatic relations with many countries in the world which have , regrettably , poor democracies . 
  the actions of the polish government fall far below challenging their democracy . 
  poland still has fair and free elections !, 
  if the polish people do n't like this government , they will remove them . 
  that is how things should be . 
  chamberlain was of course wrong to appease hitler , but that has not relevance to the current polish government and whether or not they should be subject to sanctions . 
  hopefully the uk would also block any sanctions on poland . 
  it is not for the uk government to tell poles who should govern them . 
  this is the job of the polish electorate who are sensible enough to make this decision in their own national democracy . 
  poland is in a way a young democracy , having emerged from the iron curtain in living memory . 
  we should support their democracy rather than undermine it by rejecting the government that the polish people have put in place . 
  the uk did know what it was doing staying out of the euro . 
  equally , germany knew what it was doing with the euro . 
  germany has done brilliantly from being in the euro with a bunch of other countries which can not compete effectively with the night of the german industrial power . 
   counting the special ones twice is though i want you to be special too . 
  i want you to be able to vote too . 
  let us make this thing really democratic and bring the voters into the picture . 
  let 's not be afraid of the voters . 
   so beer tonight and a d\u00f6ner on the way home ? 
  yes to the beer ( yum , belgian beer ! ), 
  but where i come from `` eating is cheating '' . 
   but now they also have to face the threat of the uk leaving if they do , and this is where this whole thing gets messy and not as pure as you 're trying to potray it . 
  it is a mistake to think of the uk leaving as a threat . 
  the eu will not be threated by the uk leaving , instead , the eu can integrate much faster without the uk `` bullying '' . 
  if your goverment signs up to changes that you do n't want , without considering your views , then that is a shame . 
  but it is n't the uk 's fault . 
   using the referendum as leverage and this is not how a union can work in the first place . 
  if the union can only work by ignoring the voters then it has some fundamental problems . 
  it is n't cameron 's job to give belgians a referendum on it . 
  it seems to be what you want ? 
  i agree with you , it would be better if you had a vote on it too . 
   he is therefore partially responsible for the votes of the rest of the union to be neglected , because the votes of the british now come with the extra weight of ` we 'll leave if you do n't ' . 
  why does n't belgian government also suggest a referendum ? 
  this would give you more of say in what is happening and would make the situation more equal . 
   of course it 's not , but using unfair techniques to elevate your voters above everyone else is akin to it a vote is not an unfair technique . 
  it is normal in a democracy that the voters decide . 
  i wish you were able to vote on cameron 's changes too . 
  it sounds like you agree with me and would want to vote `` no '' to them . 
  we are on the same side , you and me . 
   it is not right for the uk to use the referendum to push through reforms that a lot of other european countries ( and their voters ) do not want . 
  if other countries and their voters do not want these reforms ( which is of course their right ) , then their governments should feel free to refuse them . 
  alternatively they should check with their voters what they think about the reforms . 
  cameron can not force the belgian government to agree to the changes . 
  if the belgian government and the belgian people do not want the changes , they should of course refuse to agree to them . 
  however , this is not the responsibility of cameron , it is the responsibility of your goverment . 
   yes , but all of them and not just the british ones . 
  it is n't the fault of cameron if the eu ignores the views of belgian voters . 
  i agree with you , they should consider the views of belgian voters too . 
   it is about how this vote is used to push through change that ca n't be achieved on the regular way because there is no majority supporting it . 
  the correct way to make change is to consider the voters . 
  if the british government were thinking about changes but ignoring my vote , that would be a terrible shame . 
  this should be the regular way . 
  thining about the voters is not bullying , it is a better way of making change . 
   trying to renegotiate everything reminding everyone that the vote on you leaving or staying is soon to be happening is using the referendum as a leverage to get your way . 
  the eu is not negotiating with cameron it is negotiating with the british electorate as they will be the ones ultimately making the decision . 
  cameron is simply the one at the negotiating table on behalf of the british electorate . 
  it is right that cameron keeps reminding the eu about the voters and the referendum . 
  for too long the eu has ignored the voters and they should not be ignored . 
  the eu should of course be thinking about the voters . 
   i honestly was amazed by the scottish referendum and hoped this one could go in a similiar matter . 
  but the it is going on is a disgrace , akin to bullying . 
  where is the bullying ? 
  i think of course belgians should be able to vote on the deal too . 
  do n't you also want to be able to vote on it ? 
  however , this if you are not given a vote on it , the people to blame are your own politicians , not british ones . 
   i 'm aware they do n't make the decision , but they do make the threats . 
  why is leaving the eu a threat ? 
  we are not talking about the ussr here , we are talking about the eu . 
  if a country is not satisfied with the arrangements , of course if should voice these loudly . 
  of course , the voters should be involved . 
  it is right that we reconsider whether or not the eu is working for us . 
  it is n't sacred and it should be considered rationally and debated vigorously . 
   it is not the vote that is a threat it 's using the vote in negotitations that is .
