  what does that make you if you are also not slav or balkan ? 
  not everyone can be central european !, 
  there is some truth in what you say , but external devaluation is a way of spreading the pain whereas internal devaluation has more obvious and immediate victims . 
  look at the current unemployment levels of iceland and greece . 
  also , investments in a country are n't primarily made because of a currency : other factors like tax , workforce , proximity to consumers , regulatory and legal regime etc etc are all factors . 
  this is why the uk gets more foreign direct investment than any other european country , despite not being in the eurozone . 
   greece was n't an export nation when they had the drachma either ... 
  it was better at exporting than it currently is , although obviously it is not germany . 
  such a joke that the bbc never links to the underlying data , which is clearly the most interesting thing here :(, 
   the ecb is still not playing with the currency just to increase exports . 
  it tries to avoid deflation . 
  do you have a suggestion for an alternative solution ? 
  i agree with you that the ecb is not deliberately devaluing its currency . 
  however , equally , if greece were not in the eurozone it would also be able to benefit from a currency devaluation without having to devalue the currency artificially . 
  this is what happens in the uk : the fact of having a separate currency means that the pound rises and falls against other currencies partly as a consequence of the performance of the british economy relative to other economies . 
  in fact , by being within the eurozone , greece has a currency which is kept artificially high . 
  outside the eurozone , greece 's currency would fall to its natural level . 
   you ca n't simply compare `` crisis here '' and crisis there '' together . 
  just because two things are not exactly the same , that does not mean you can not usefully compare them . 
  there are essential similarities : being unable to access the money markets and having debt obligations that could not be serviced . 
  these two fundamental ingredients were the same . 
   there own currency would have collapsed and most of their debt would have been foreign owned , in dollars or euros . 
  currently with their debt being in euros it is already foreign owned ( in the sense that greece has no ability to control the money supply ) . 
   that 's a debt spiral . 
  one that could very easily get out of control leaving them in a quite literal black hole . 
  you simply have to compare greece with iceland to see how a country with financial difficulties can emerge from a crisis more easily with a devaluation . 
   and what about internal devaluation ? 
  playing with the currency , up and down , is not how you build a stable economy . 
  the ecb , with its quantitative easing programme , is exactly devaluing the value of the euro compared to global currencies . 
  if you accept that the ecb is correct to devalue the euro , it seems odd that you do n't accept that greece itself does not need to devalue relative to the euro . 
   devaluing currency is not some be-all-end-all fix . 
  it 's just pushing the problems further down the road . 
  that is n't quite true . 
  a currency devaluation helps keep unemployment lower , which is better for social cohesion and stops the creation of a lost generation . 
  this can mean that other necessary reforms become politically easier . 
   the euro is n't what caused the greek crisis . 
  and not being in it would have been far more devastating . 
  greece would without doubt be in a far better position now if it had never joined the euro . 
   my gripe is : creditor a is publicly demanding that creditor b ( simplification ) give up on collecting loan . 
  as a result , creditor a will collect his loan . 
  if creditor a and creditor b both had the same obligations and rights and were broadly interchangeable , then of course they should not expect different treatment . 
  as you say , it is unethical to treat people differently when they should be treated the same . 
  however , in this case creditor a and creditor b are in totally different situations . 
  given these differences , it would be unethical to expect them to be treated the same . 
   should we also go on tour in the uk and talk about prohibitive measures against gsk , aviva , vodafone and countless others ? 
  if that is what is in your country 's interests , of course you should . 
  have a political debate and decide whether or not that it in your country 's interests , using your democratic structures . 
  we should not fear democracy and your government carrying out the will of your people , instead we should embrace it . 
   nobody has to give up money , not even rich countries . 
  it is a decision they can make . 
  i agree they should , but that is a different matter . 
  the eurozone writing off greek debts and putting in place fiscal transfers is not primarily a moral imperative but a practical imperative . 
  it is necessary in order to make the eurozone economically viable . 
   what if there was an option : give out this large amount of money to greece , to get them out of the bind , or give it to these poor sub-saharan countries to quash some of the misery those people live in . 
  what would you choose ? 
  which of those is the morally superior thing to do ? 
  of course , as a uk taxpayer my expectation is that money we send overseas goes to sub-saharan africa rather than greece . 
  but it does not make sense for eurozone taxpayers to engage in quite the same moral discussion , because they have practical currency union concerns which uk tax-payers do not have . 
   after which , they are making it sound like all would be well if the euro countries would just give up some money ( and the imf got part of that money ! ) . 
  make this argument economically as a creditor , if it is the right move , but to come out publicly every time and call for the other creditors to fork out cash , is unethical . 
  come on . 
  the imf is primarily making this argument as a matter of economics . 
  as a matter of economics , the way for greece and the eurozone to succeed is for everyone to accept that it is a transfer union . 
  this is the correct argument to make now . 
  the fact that the imf made mistakes in the past is not a reason for them to continue to make mistakes and does not invalidate correct arguments now . 
   france is walking on the same sharp edge than greece , but we have yet to fall . 
  when we do ( and we will ) france wo n't suffer the same fate as greece . 
  as everyone knows , france is france . 
  france is too big to fail . 
   the imf does have the same position in the deal , economically . 
  not quite . 
  as a matter of law , the imf only ever agrees to go into deals if it is the most senior creditor . 
  thus greece has a legal obligation to repay the imf before repaying the eurozone creditors . 
   they said it all along , after all . 
  how valiant of them , to have others give up money . 
  the imf is the true hero . 
  of course the imf should not have to give up money !, 
  are you seriously expecting poor sub-saharan countries to have to fork out money for greece ? 
  that would be totally unethical . 
  it is clearly and obviously the responsibility of the eurozone . 
  the imf 's big mistake was entering the greek deal in the first place , when they should have known it would not work . 
  however , what they are currently saying is entirely correct and it is a shame that the eu institutions have not yet admitted this . 
   not sure if this would have helped greece out though , as i 'm not sure how much of an exporting country they are . 
  the main reason why they are not a good exporting country is because of the euro . 
  with a devalued currency , only possible outside the euro , their export potential increases dramatically . 
   by publicly calling for the other creditors to offer debt relief , while they will not do so ( although they have the same position in the deal ) is a breach of ethics . 
  the imf does not have the same position in the deal as the ecb and the european commission . 
  the imf represents the global community . 
  the european commission and the ecb represent the eurozone and are thus in a currency union with greece . 
  the responsibility of those in a currency union with greece is not the same as those who are not in a currency union with greece . 
  otherwise , what was the point of being in a currency union in the first place ? 
   people think that `` fiscal transfers '' are bad , and the rich countries would not give their consent . 
  i think , that a good argument is that this opens the market to the richest 500m in the world i agree with you other than to point out that the eurozone is not 500m people . 
  i do n't see why non-eurozone countries would be involved in fiscal transfers related to the eurozone . 
   i did n't spend too long looking ( ... ) , but it appears that westminster fiscal transfers to scotland amount to about # 5 to 10 billion per year . 
  obviously this is affected by economic performance and oil prices on a year to year basis . 
  greece receives about 6 billion euro per year from the eu . 
  the population of greece is about twice that of scotland . 
  the difference is that scotland is economically extremely integrated with the rest of the uk - unemployment rates are broadly similar , salaries are similar , prices are similar , tax rates are similar and so forth . 
  this is why fiscal transfers do n't need to be very high .
