  even if this were true , which i do n't accept , it is not a reason for the uk not to join efta . 
   they wo n't accept that the eu workers have the rights to work in the uk this is not a requirement of efta . 
   they wo n't accept being subject to a supranational ruling court , whether it is the ecj or the efta court . 
  this is not a requirement of efta . 
   yes , but interests can change . 
  this is another uselful thing about the eu - that we 're binded together in an institution which makes it more difficult to turn against it each other , when our interests happen to not allign . 
  provided that the uk stays democratic and supporting free trade , it will be in the interests of the uk for czechia to be democratic and for there to be free trade between the uk and czechia . 
  this has been uk foreign policy for many many years and there is no reason for it to change . 
  obviously , if czechia does not want free trade with us , our interests will not be aligned . 
  we can not force you to want free trade with us , we can simply indicate to you that it is also in your interests . 
   i think that this will mean that in the future , the uk will be a less reliable partner to us . 
  because we 'll know that the uk will ditch us the second when you find it no longer profitable to be on our side . 
  in terms of sides , uk is on the side of the liberal democratic west and staying on this side . 
  we hope you stay on this side too , the more the better for all of us . 
  if you do stay on this side , you are on our side . 
   was it though ? 
  was n't it more about the fact that you knew that in some areas , we might be like-minded , so you 'll have more allies in the eu and also accepting us will make the eu less coherent and less oriented to `` ever closer union '' which is something that the uk never wanted . 
  this was an aim too . 
   from my perspective uk 's foreign policy was always very cold-calculating and strictly rational , not normative based , so i always saw the british support of the 2004 enlargement as primarely self-serving . 
  encouraging cee countries to be democratic and outside of russian influence is a cold , calculating decision . 
  it is overwhelmingly in the uk 's national interest , because it makes the uk more safe and more prosperous . 
  it is also in your interests too . 
  just because something is cold , calculating and self-serving and primarily aimed to help us , does not mean it is n't also sensible and right . 
  the uk 's policy on free trade is like this too . 
  the aim is to make the uk more prosperous , but it helps everyone we trade with too . 
  there is no point pretending that the job of the british government is n't to protect british interests . 
  if the british government are n't thinking about british interests , they are doing it wrong . 
  but this is something to welcome . 
   i know norway and switzerland have said they would oppose it they have not said this . 
   all efta members are members of the schengen area being a member of efta does not require schengen membership . 
   nd eu citizens have the right to live and work in all efta member countries this is not a requirement of efta membership . 
   efta members adopt almost all eu regulations , bar the ones on agriculture and fisheries this is not a requirement of efta membership . 
   efta members are also required to comply with the ruling of the efta court , an organism that performs the same tasks as the ecj . 
  not really - this is not required by efta membership . 
  the efta court rulings do not apply to switzerland . 
   efta members , bar switzerland , also are members of the eea and contribute at a slightly lower rate to the eu budget . 
  i do not think that the uk should join the eea . 
   she has no choice but to get out of the eu , single market , customs union , etc and hope for the best . 
  any other scenario is basically saying '' i was wrong '' all of this is compatible with efta membership . 
  efta membership is compatible with clean brexit . 
   ` leaving the single market is our red line ' . 
  i have no idea what you are quoting from , nobody has said this . 
   could you please elaborate ? 
  is there a specific event that made the uk have a different attitude towards sovereignty ? 
  the world wars ? 
  the world wars were important , but not the only events . 
  essentially the uk is unusual in europe in not having been invaded , experienced totalitarianism or civil war in more than 300 years . 
  the uk also has an unwritten constitution , parliamentary sovereignty , the common law , close links outside of europe and oppositional politics rather than cooperational politics and that also makes it think about sovereignty in a different way . 
   i do n't think brexit will change anything about this though , because the level of understanding of the post-communist states in the we is even worse than the understanding of the uk there is a risk that the eu does not learn from brexit . 
  however , if they do n't , the eu is basically finished . 
  if brexit does not teach the eu some truths , nothing will . 
  i think the idea of a more flexible multi-speed eu is a good start and i am supportive of it . 
  it does recognise that there is a legitimacy to different countries making different choices about how they are governed . 
  in this way , it is a true recognition of different peoples ' cultures and histories . 
  if this idea had been embraced more fully years ago , brexit would probably have been avoided . 
  it is kind of ironic that the uk is getting what it wanted from the eu by voting to leave it  the big problem with the juncker plan is the way that it is being presented : this talk of fast lane and slow lane and the implication that e.g. 
  the countries who integrate more are embracing the eu in a fuller way than those who integrate less , is a mistake . 
  of course , v4 , exactly because of history , is going to be very reluctant to endorse something like this . 
  the only way multi-speed eu can work is if it is completely clear that different speeds are not seen as better or worse and that choosing not to join the euro for example does not make you a second class member . 
  this is going to be difficult , but it is possible . 
  the eu will have to change decades of thinking . 
   this probably left a lot of people surprised and upset , however if people actually had more knowledge about our countries , they would know that these differences were always there . 
  i am not going to pretend to have any expert knowledge of cee , but given that i have always argued in favour of uk exceptionalism coming from uk history , it has n't been difficult for me to understand that other countries might also have exceptionalism based on their own histories . 
  and i guess i have now spent enough time both in real life and online with cee people to understand certain things . 
  to me the main purpose of we embracing cee post communism was primarily to encourage liberal democracies in those countries and ensure that russian influence was minimised . 
  everything else like greater market access was secondary . 
  the development of democracy in cee has mostly been a very successful exercise : most of the people in cee want this form of government after all . 
  this was the uk 's main reason for wanting cee to join the eu . 
  the paradox is now that one of the reasons the uk is leaving the eu is because we started to think that being in the eu undermined our own democracy - and this raises some difficult questions for other countries ' democracies . 
  [ in theresa may 's speech , she explored this idea a little - see the section a message from britain to the rest of europe . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/the-governments-negotiating-objectives-for-exiting-the-eu-pm-speech ) may explained that not only was the uk exceptional , but that other countries were too , and that the eu needed to respond by cherishing that diversity . 
  i think she was completely correct in this bit of the speech , if the eu is not cherishing the diversity of its members , then it is no really respecting their democracies : because part of diversity means different histories and mentalities will mean different political choices . 
  it would be a real shame if eu membership , which we originally thought would enhance democracy in cee , ended up inhibiting it . 
   pretty sure when de gaulle told uk no two times in a row , he really understood what uk was about and that uk will never fit in a continental european system . 
  i agree , de gaulle understood the brits well , having been in exile in london for a few years during ww2 . 
  i think this experience and dealing with churchill were sufficient evidence that the uk was fundamentally not suited to any european french-style * grand projet * . 
   it 's just that the british were head strong and refused to come to terms that continental european politics are not their place . 
  history has n't finished yet . 
  uk joined eu , encouraged every other country in europe to join the eu making the eu totally unworkable and then decided to leave the eu . 
  how do you know we wo n't have the last laugh ? 
  watching you guys argue with eastern europeans , the irish , the greeks etc is going to be pretty entertaining experience for the next few decades . 
   well gibraltar has n't ever indicated it would leave so why would they ? 
  the uk government has continually stated that it supports the right of gibraltarians to determine their own future . 
  we know that it has supported the right of scotland to determine its own future . 
  by not taking the statements of the uk government at their word you are effectively implying some kind of conspiracy theory . 
   gibraltar is n't , it 's a military outpost of immense strategic value . 
  scotland is valuable as well but it 's much harder to say no to . 
  uk has consistently respected the wishes of gibraltarians . 
  i find your suggestion that if gibraltarians wanted shared sovereignty with spain that the uk would stop them a bit fanciful to be honest . 
  not one single uk politician has made any suggestion to this effect for decades . 
   i find it hard to get across to people outside , but it really is a no-brainer here . 
  i completely get that , i was just using understatement for rhetorical effect . 
  i have thought for a while it would make sense for the uk to rejoin efta . 
  which is exactly why if the uk let scotland choose its own destiny , it is even more going to let gibraltar . 
   either a smart way to get rid of the uk , or just a very brazen and public flaunting of the eu leaderships intellectual retardation . 
  it is simply the uk managing to achieve its goal . 
   i tried explaining to you why it 's a problem over here and i do n't really know what else to tell you . 
  you simply ca n't change the character of a society over night . 
  the inability to understand different countries ' different historical experiences and how those experiences impact the present is a big problem with the eu right now . 
  this was one of uk 's main problem with the eu - the eu never seemed to understand or accept that our different experience of twentieth century history meant that we had a different attitude to things like sovereignty and integration .
