  not that there are n't currently some fine labour politicians , but too many of them are just unthinking when it comes to brussels . 
  copying and pasting does n't make for great leaders ... 
  happy cake day !, 
  note that the bbc did not break this story . 
  the first serious journalist to announce it was itv last night . 
  this morning the sunday times also announced it . 
  bbc were third ... 
  honestly , if `` leave '' win , i can not see cameron staying for long . 
  remember , unlike the labour party , the conservative party love to kill losers . 
  the conservative party own rules allow leadership triggers very easily . 
  if cameron is gone this year , i think bojo is pm . 
  even if `` remain '' win , i think bojo has a good chance . 
  the `` leavers '' will ensure that bojo is one of the candidates sent to the membership . 
  the remainers will probably select osborne . 
  i think the grassroots will choose bojo over osborne . 
  until he actually formally announces it i am going to manage my expectations . 
  if he does n't go for `` leave '' i will weep ... 
  this announcement is going to dominate the entire news cycle in the uk for the next 24 hours . 
  this is massive . 
  this is a game changer . 
  it is now starting to look like `` leave '' can win this . 
  yes it is a massive problem that the eu was n't / is n't flexible to the south , especially with all the economic problems the south continues to endure . 
  that is n't the uk 's fault though . 
  the uk wants everyone to benefit from flexibility . 
  i 'm still not getting it . 
  what rules is anyone not following ? 
  i do n't understand your point about `` rule of law '' . 
   i actually really like the dublin accent . 
  dublin accent is much better than your brummie accent !!!, 
  yes , she is right . 
  this tweet is already making news in the uk . 
  i 'm baffled that cameron has made so many people have so many meetings to discuss some largely irrelevant points . 
  i ca n't imagine that any brits will vote differently as a result of the renegotiation . 
  this is the one newsworthy thing to come out of the eu member state head of government meeting so far !, 
  the telegraph rolling blog on the eu head of state meeting last night mentioned a country called slovania . 
  how does that fit into the picture ? 
  the opposite of the bullshit we are getting from cameron ... 
  that would have been so cool !, 
  uk is a villain and not in ee ... , 
   that 's right , the brexit might have an massive positive effect on the eu i agree . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , the uk would want to put in place new innovative regulation . 
  this kind of thinking would be good both for the uk and for the eu . 
  we all benefit . 
  also , douglas carswell is a cool guy with a good mind and real principles . 
   i think most of us here are scratching our heads and asking why he 's gone for such a watered down strange package . 
  it 's a bit of an embarrassment this . 
  what the renegotiated deal changes virtually nothing of substance . 
  i can not think of anyone who was genuinely against the uk 's membership before this deal , but would now be convinced to stay in . 
  however , the renegotiation exercise has not been entirely futile . 
  it has demonstrated the extent to which the uk has influence in the eu and the extent to which the eu can be reformed . 
   cmon you can admit it has a little to do with islam . 
  i 'm am not arguing that there is not an anti-semitic strand that is prevalent among some muslims . 
  i am arguing that in the case of oxford university labour group it does not have anything to do with islam . 
  italians love coming to work in london . 
  i used to live in italy . 
  first question i always got while i lived there was `` ma sei di londra londra ? '', 
  italian friends later told me this was an oblique way of asking if when they later came to visit me they would be able to use the tube or have to get a train ... why do italians love london so much ? 
  i mean i like it too , but they act like it is a kind of heaven on earth ... 
   i now know your politics pretty well i think . 
  moderate left leaning . 
  i consider myself to be broadly on the economic right and a social liberal . 
  gove is part of cameron 's modernising agenda . 
  if he goes `` leave '' , he helps make `` leave '' respectable among that wing of the party . 
  have you read the article ? 
  there is anti-semitism in the british regressive left - particularly student politics . 
  i do n't like it either but it is there . 
  you 're exactly right . 
  this has nothing to do with islam and everything to do with the crazy extreme left that is student politics in the uk . 
  square is better than round . 
  we did it wrong and now ca n't change it . 
  everyone else learnt from our mistake ... 
  this is actually quite a decent graphic !, 
  we can still be friends . 
  yeah , i do n't think we 're really brother nations either . 
  more like friends ... 
  in some ways our geography and history are connected by being maritime , exploring nations . 
  this is kind of a connection ... 
  we secretly respect the french . 
  in the whole world you are our only equal , the only people that understand us ... 
   so it probably would be a major step forward for france . 
  only if france has to adopt german laws . 
  the french do n't surrender that easily . 
  synchronising fiscal and work-related laws would likely be a messy compromise ... 
  if sweden is core , basically every country in the eu is core apart from the uk ... 
  personally i think you ca n't be core if you do n't apply substantially all the acquis ... 
   i wonder why sweden is n't in there already , though . 
  not in the euro and not going to join the euro . 
  sweden is n't core . 
  this made major news in the uk . 
  i 'm not a science kind of guy , but it sounds cool . 
  whether that be at-will employment or pollution . 
  the fact that you disagree with some political parties positions is normal in a democracy . 
  however , part of being in a democracy is that you accept that sometimes the electorate disagree with you . 
   but a lot of legislation proposed here is ineffective and frankly bad - take the recently passed drug legislation , widely considered by all experts and lawyers to be the worst-drafted piece of legislation passed by parliament since the witch hunts . 
  the good thing about that law is that we can easily repeal it if the electorate do n't like it and we can change the government . 
  the process for repealing poor eu laws is far harder . 
   there are also huge economic benefits in having unified legislative standards across the eu , which is n't to say that parliament ca n't make law . 
  i disagree . 
  there is no point having unified legislative standards if they are the wrong standards . 
  there are also huge advantages to regulatory competition .
