  are graduates still often going abroad for work ? 
  do you have a preferred media source ? 
  i read le figaro and le monde on the internet most days , but am looking for something else . 
  is there any appetite in ireland to start paying the money required in taxation for a more significant irish military ? 
  the weather !, 
  very wet this year . 
  also , a lot of our infrastructure is rather old and costly and leads to poor outcomes . 
  our health and education systems are also poor compared to other european countries . 
  but brits are very reluctant to change and improve them . 
  i agree . 
  by being banned , the argument that they are victimised is enhanced . 
  in the uk there has never been any discussion about banning the bnp . 
  however , our voting system means that in practice they end up with almost no political power . 
  they also are currently only getting about one percent of the share of the vote . 
  in practice , mainstream media mostly ignores them . 
  i suppose that the difference between the npd and golden dawn is that it is relatively easy to ignore the npd as they have almost zero political power and almost no elected representatives at any level of government . 
  it is much harder to ignore the golden dawn as they may do pretty well in the european elections . 
  as much as i dislike golden dawn , i think it would be a mistake to ban them from participating in the elections . 
  banning them is likely to lead to further problems . 
  personally i do n't think the west lothian question is relevant here . 
  the uk does n't really have any say over stuff that just affects the eurozone . 
  your argument makes no sense . 
  you need to be more specific . 
  in what ways does environmental legislation affect the eurozone differently from the non-eurozone ? 
  you might just as well say it affects northern europe differently from southern europe as they have different climates . 
  so they should n't both have a say over the policy and instead only northern europe should control it . 
  obviously , it is correct that the uk should not have a say about those things that specifically just affect the eurozone , like monetary policy . 
  but the uk does n't affect these things . 
  the uk has no representation on the ecb . 
  but on things that affect both the eurozone and the non-eurozone ( like environmental legislation ) the uk obviously should get a say . 
  the reason why the uk does not join the euro is because 1 a majority of uk nationals do n't want to and 2 because the uk economy is not really closely aligned to the rest of the eurozone so it would not be an optimal currency area . 
  even in the eurozone , different countries have different levels of employment and different levels of growth and different levels of taxation and so forth . 
  so even in the eurozone , there are conflicts of policy responses . 
  but the uk has no involvement in these things . 
  the areas that the uk does have a say in do n't affect the eurozone and the non eurozone in signicantly different ways . 
  unless you have an actual example ... 
  are you sure you read the article ? 
  in what sense can it be said that london is behind the shady finances here ? 
  many of the most serious crimes in the uk are not some from some new statute . 
  for example , in england murder is not a statutory offence , it is a common law offence that has remained largely the same for the last 400 years . 
  most crimes in the uk , even those that are now statutory , have their roots in the common law . 
  there are some westminster politicians that agree with you and voted to give prisoners the vote . 
  however , a large majority of politicians disagree with you . 
  even the politicians that agreed with you accepted that they are in the minority and that they view of the parliamentary majority should prevail . 
  in retrospect that would have made sense . 
  for whom ? 
  agreed . 
  they will certainly lose their two current seats . 
  when i saw that in this so-called poll , i lost a lot of confidence in the rest of the data . 
  however , i guess there is no data for eu elections anywhere that is more accurate ... 
  i think for your point to be believable , you should be able to give a specific example . 
  in what respects do environmental laws and agricultural laws affect the euro ? 
  if they affect the euro , do n't they affect all the currencies of the eu , including the polish zloty , the british pound , the danish krona etc ? 
  so the non-eurozone should also have a say because they will be affected too . 
  can you give an example of a policy you are thinking of ? 
  in that case it sounds like we are agreed . 
  efforts should be made to ensure that the bbc should be neutral . 
  obviously this does n't impact on how bloggers / tweeters / newspapers should behave . 
  or whether or not we should have a referendum . 
  this is kind of a non-issue in my view . 
  small children learn languages very quickly , generally in the playground rather than the classroom . 
  if the uk education system is n't able to get people fluent in english in short order it is doing something wrong . 
  obviously parents have an obligation to get their kids fluent : eg by exposing them to english language books / tv / social and sports clubs . 
  this does not need to be a problem tho . 
  i agree , it is hard for the bbc to be neutral . 
  this a problem with every single issue that the bbc report on : the middle east , benefits , the environment , schools , hospitals , crime , etc. 
  but saying that the bbc are n't neutral would be a reason not to have the bbc . 
  it is n't a reason not to have elections or a referendum . 
  we have freedom of speech in the uk . 
  the media will of course be very divided on the matter , different parts of the media presenting the various arguments in different ways with vigorous campaigning , as is the case with all referendums . 
  look at the scottish referendum - nobody is saying that coverage should be neutral . 
  only the bbc and public broadcasters are legally required to be neutral . 
  the reason he ca n't do a government bill is because the lib dems do n't want a referendum ( which is pretty ugly given that a referendum was in their manifesto ) . 
  however , if it gets on the statute books , which it should because most mps want it and most of the public want it , then it does n't make any difference whether or not it started as a private members bill . 
  finland is already in the eurozone and has been since the start . 
  denmark and the uk will likely not join ever and definitely not in the forseeable future . 
  cameron is n't using a private members bill . 
  a private member is using a private members bill . 
  normally private members bills do n't get thru the house of commons . 
  this one got massive support in the house of commons . 
  very few mps voted against it . 
  prisoners are n't really a minority though in the ways that things like sexuality , ethnicity etc are . 
  the only thing they share is breaking the law . 
  in the uk too there are checks and balances on the exercise of powers and passing legislation . 
  there is a robust press . 
  regular elections . 
  an opposition in parliament . 
  an upper house that scrutinises legislation . 
  the right to protest against legislation . 
  the uk is certainly a democracy that works effectively . 
  true !, 
  i do n't see the uk government playing that stunt . 
  there would be carnage on the streets . 
   i really have to disagree with you there . 
  cameron , for one , does n't want the uk to leave the eu . 
  he might not want to leave , but he will know that the writing will be on the wall if the british public wants to leave . 
  clearly we would not leave instantaneously , but the way the treaty of the eu is written is that negotiations on leaving would take place after article 50 is triggered , not before . 
  article 50 specifically has a two year period built into it for this purpose . 
  civil servants both in the uk and the eu would begin working on the negotiations pretty much the day after the referendum . 
  it is utterly inconceivable that if the british public votes out in a referendum for the government of the day to ignore that vote .
