   look , let 's get real . 
  the language is called , english , but it 's american . 
  just like portugal lost portuguese to brazil , you lost english . 
  it belongs to the americans . 
  they won the culture war . 
  while the usa does export their culture on a massive scale , i agree , the uk does export culture too . 
  separately , in terms of the cultural and linguistic war , the uk and the usa are on the same side ( just as we were on the other defining conflicts of the twentieth century ) . 
  i agree the uk 's uncodified constitution makes constitutional change easy . 
  this is one of the reasons why i strongly support the uk not having a codified constitution : things can change in a slow and steady evolutionary way , as times and climes change . 
  the constitution is there to serve the people , not put up artificial barriers . 
  however , without being an expert on spanish constitutional law , i tend to agree with you that if spain had had the political will they could have got round the constitutional questions . 
  perhaps it would have taken longer , but if they had shown willing i think that would have changed the attitude of the cats . 
  tl ; dr ( you wrote a post agreeing with me . 
  now i have written another post agreeing with you again . ), 
   we would like a referendum as well , in fact the main independentist coalition has said : if we can get a referendum , we will not declare independece unilaterally . 
  the uk , by giving scotland a referendum , massively trolled spain . 
  the moment the uk agreed to scotland having a referendum , spain should have done a copy and paste of what the uk did . 
  by ignoring the will of a peoples , and putting up legal and constitutional barriers , spain made things worse . 
  we in the uk will have a referendum in a couple of years . 
  i will be voting to leave the eu . 
  i am sure czechs will be looking very closely at this . 
   it would only be true if you would add , that the boy and the bullies agreed before in written form how the voting system works and how members could be outvoted ( like in any democracy ) . 
  obviously , they screwed up by signing the lisbon treaty and not getting an opt out . 
  now they know that they can get screwed over in this way , they can try and negotiate an opt out or quit entirely . 
  personally i think quit entirely is best option . 
   if the only benefit is likely to be to london `` financial services '' then , for the good of the uk as a whole , it should be avoided at all costs . 
  the impact on financial services should be just one part of the cost : benefit analysis . 
  there are many other advantages to leaving the eu . 
   china will never be more important than europe to british trade due to the simple unmovable barrier of distance . 
  as the world becomes more globalised , as the cost of transport falls , as trade moves away from widgets and towards online services , distance matters less and less . 
  as someone who trades in legal services , i export by e-mail and telephone . 
  distance is meaningless . 
   the number we ask you to take is rather small . 
  they are not being asked . 
  there is no choice . 
  they are being told . 
   not to mention the fact that people go crazy over the naming of a document rather than the contents . 
  the fta between china and switzerland still includes tariff protections on wares that the countries think are important , like agriculture and watches for switzerland . 
  in that sense it 's not that different from agreements that the eu already has with countries around the world . 
  or that different from the type of fta that the uk could get with china , with tariff protections on wares that the uk think are important . 
  if switzerland can protect its key wares , so can the uk . 
   the uk is n't the same as china , but it does make things . 
  do you think that switzerland does n't make things ? 
  why on earth would switzlerand not give a shit but somehow the uk would give a shit ? 
  competition is a good thing . 
  i welcome competition with china . 
   it takes a long time to negotiate free trade with china because china is manipulating and subsidising whatever they can . 
  switzerland seemed to manage pretty easily . 
   the uk can , but it does n't mean that it should , at whatever terms iceland is getting . 
  the uk would obviously negotiate its own terms . 
  not iceland 's terms and not the eu 's terms . 
   or is it your position that we should get out of the eu so we can increase the amount of government manipulation of trade ? 
  no , i think we should get out of the eu to decrease government manipulation of trade . 
  the eu 's tariffs and the cap are things that the uk , once free of the eu , should not emulate . 
   because that 's what we 're pretty much looking at here . 
  china would subsidise the shit out of whatever it could to crush uk business . 
  uk and china are not direct competitors in most export markets . 
  which uk businesses are you thinking would not want more trade with china ? 
   there were rumors in hungarian press that the croatians might channel off the waters in the drava into an artificial lake in order to decrease water levels wow , that would be next level trolling by croatia . 
  this would almost be on the level of the uk creating belgium just to troll france . 
   does anyone think a free trade agreement is something britain could get with the drop of a hat ? 
  china is masterful at manipulating their entire economy at the expense of others to boost their exports , and achieving fair trade with china is not easily done . 
  i have absolutely zero faith that osborne and the uk alone would do any better . 
  if iceland can do it , uk can . 
  yeah , i am really struggling to work out the actual thing that hungary should be doing . 
  they actually did a survey of the sub 's political opinions recently which confirmed it ... 
  pretty much . 
  blairite new labour was very good at winning elections , though to do that they needed to get rid of all their hard left ideology . 
  however , for some reason the labour party have decided to disown blair . 
  which is weird , because nobody in the conservative party wants to disown thatcher . 
   a treaty from 1904 to form a bloc against germany/austria-hungary ? 
  such a similar situation ... how cordial were they when france continuously blocked the uk from eec entry ? 
  and there 's plenty of other examples to be found . 
  we do n't mind them being a bit difficult . 
  we are difficult too . 
  however , in areas of mutual interest , uk and france will word together . 
   see how much that matters when nationalist parties take hold & finally break the eu as you wish . 
  there 's a reason why fn & ukip are n't in the same eu affiliation block aside form their very similar endgoal for it . 
  ukip wo n't take hold in the uk because of the uk 's electoral system . 
  however , the `` leave '' campaign is far wider than ukip . 
  the reason why ukip refused to be in the same group as the fn is because the british media treat the fn in the same way as they treat orban . 
  french politics is very interesting right now , is n't it ? 
  i still do n't see fn winning the presidential , i think sarko is much more likely , particularly as he is so critical of schengen . 
   if it was that easy the frontpage would n't be drowning in articles about the situation . 
  you just need the political will . 
   it is not like hungary is playing nice in any way either ... what would hungary playing nice look like ? 
  what are you expecting them to do ? 
  one of the reasons why i am opposed to certain parts of human rights legislation is that it leads , rather to the rule of law , to the rule of lawyers . 
   is there actual demand for left in uk ? 
  in last decade labour had best successes by being more centrist under blair . 
  the left have not won a uk general election since the 70s ... 
   sweet summer child , you obviously know nothing about our transit system ... 
  presumably though there is a risk to bosnia that serbia will send you the migrants . 
  or do you think that there is no risk of this ? 
  what is the plan if this happens ? 
   island we are very very very aware of this ... , 
   i believe there are some indirect connections to eu laws but i 'd have to get looking for them . 
  no , i do n't think there are really . 
  [ you can read the sangatte treaty here ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/273137/2366.pdf ) , though there have been a number of additions to it over the years , [ which you can read here ] ( http://treaties.fco.gov.uk/treaties/treaty.htm ) . 
   regardless .
