  the peoples of the various nations in britain and ireland have long been friends , of a kind . 
  my irish grandmother ( born in cork in 1921ish , now living in england ) and my scots-irish grandfather ( born in glasgow in 1910ish , to irish parents ) did not feel foreign/abroad when living in england in the 40s , 50s and 60s etc. 
  to most irish and british people , wherever they live , the troubles have been a huge blot on our collective history . 
  i think what the queen has done and what the british state has done to say `` sorry '' in a formal way has been very appreciated by the irish . 
  i 'm not sure if `` rivals '' is the right word to describe britain and ireland though , other than on the rugby field and even then this is complicated by the fact that britain does not play as a single team ... 
  afd do n't advocate leaving the eu . 
  they just advocate breaking up the eurozone . 
  there is no way the greens will beat ukip in the next elections ( the european elections ) . 
  there is also no way that the greens will beat ukip ( in terms of votes ) in the next general election . 
  in the last general election ukip got three times as many votes as the greens . 
  it is possible that the greens might get more seats ( but unlikely given the way the greens have screwed up their only chance , brighton ) . 
  in britain i never hear people say `` sibling '' in a social context ( unless ironically ) . 
  sibling is a word that you 're only meant to use in english if you work in the educational establishment . 
  it does not have a family or friendly feel . 
  it has a cold legal feel . 
  on the other hand , my strong advice to the op would be to try and go and work in this mythical place called `` europe '' and meet these `` europeans '' . 
  as someone who has lived abroad , both in continental europe ( milan ) and in the far east ( tokyo ) i would say that you can have a great experience abroad . 
  the experience of trying to make a living as a freelance violin/maths/english language teacher and learning the local language in continental europe , dealing with continental bureaucracy , taxation systems , landlords and so forth strikes me as exactly the kind of experience the op would benefit from and may ( ironically ) change his view of the uk . 
  epping forest is near london and incredible scenery/nature ... 
  i do n't think he will want to go to switzerland as they are not in the eu . 
  austria also has a very significant right wing populist movement that i expect s/he wo n't like . 
   as to being a european . 
  i used to be one , but now disillusioned . 
  i think we might as well dissolve the eu . 
  are you serious ? 
  were n't you euphilic until recently ? 
  what caused the change ? 
  that blue cockerel , in trafagar square , behind nelson 's column ? 
  this is just an ironic way of saying f.u. 
  to the french ... 
  other thing about sweden is that swedish is not widely spoken outside sweden . 
  so your reason for not wanting to learn dutch applies equally to swedish . 
   i 'd like to stay in europe because i 'm kinda proud of being european . 
  odd for an englishman to say , right ? 
  it just puts you in a small minority , but that 's cool . 
  personally , if i wanted to go abroad , i would consider the whole world . 
  i 'd say go to germany , austria or france . 
  while spain , italy , portugal , greece etc might be wonderful countries , their economies are still very shaky and i expect you might find it hard to work there . 
  ( though perhaps the violin teaching market is a separate one from the wider economy . ), 
  while it might be much easier to work in netherlands , denmark and sweden , those languages are not spoken widely and also they have strong eusceptic movements . 
  the languages in most of eastern europe would present a significantly harder challenge and ( generally ) you would encounter far right political movements that are much more extreme than anything in the uk and also the job prospects for you might be somewhat harder . 
  thanks for the detailed answer . 
  i guess i am just another person who does not understand hungarian politics !, 
   and i want to get away form the british isles in general , somewhere that 's major culturally different . 
  why limit yourself just to europe then ? 
  there are plenty of interesting places that are culturally different all round the world . 
  why not south korea or japan ? 
  ( the languages are not easy though . ), 
  if you learnt french at school it will come back to you very quickly if you try learning it again as an adult . 
   i 'll be moving in a couple of year 's time , you see , and being english i only know one language . 
  so in the next couple of weeks i 'll be learning the language of my chosen country with the aim of being fluent in 2 years . 
  did you not learn languages at school at all ? 
  surely you 're not starting from complete scratch ? 
  for an english speaker , any romance or germanic language is learnable if you focus . 
  also , why not move to ireland ? 
  or scotland ? 
  or wales ? 
  that way you can escape england ( which seems to be your main aim ) without having to learn another language . 
  it is much easier to learn a language when you are surrounded by it all day ( i.e. 
  already in your destination nation ) than in your normal environment . 
   i 'd hazard a guess he 's not going to learn anything in a week . 
  the article does n't say he is only going to be in london for one week . 
  any poles able to offer an insight as to why the uk is a popular destination ? 
   the far-right only made gains in the number of votes , but have fallen behind in the share of seats in the parliament , which is the only thing that really matters . 
  they consider this election a failure and rightly so . 
  i 'm not sure that we can really dismiss the gains made by jobbik - their gains are politically significant even if they are not electorally significant this time round . 
  it 's not just this article that is commenting on the gains of the far right in hungary : this development is being commented on by the majority of international media . 
  scotland were n't told that they would need a new currency . 
  they were told that the uk would not enter into a currency union with them if they became independent . 
  but you said that the uk government still engages in apartheid . 
  describe the apartheid policy ( details please ) that the uk government is engaging in . 
  i really am not the best person to advise on northern irish politics . 
  both sides can end up rioting at the slightest thing ( like a flag ) so i guess yes . 
  as other people have stated , now is not really the right time for the referendum as southern ireland can not afford the north right now . 
  for a glorified clerk he earns a very good salary ... 
  this is what i 'm thinking . 
  like in my office where there almost always three choices : red meat / white meat or fish / vegetarian . 
  why is this even a difficult issue ? 
  your stable continental germanic friends are , in many ways , not terribly different from your unstable germanic frenemies outremanche . 
  a lot of the things that brits do n't like about the eu are the same things that the dutch ( and to a much lesser extent german intellectuals ) do n't like . 
  from a political perspective , the uk conservatives will be relying on the dutch to help with the renegotiations , just like the uk relied on the dutch to lower the eu budget . 
  but there are huge numbers of northern irish people living in scotland and also huge numbers of scots living in northern ireland !, 
  and also scots ( well , particularly glaswegians ) understand sectarianism in a way than the english and the welsh really do n't ... 
  from an english perspective , it would almost make more sense for scotland , when it becomes independent , to take northern ireland , rather than us having to keep it ... 
  nobody in northern ireland wants independence . 
  there are those that want to be part of ireland and those that want to be part of britain . 
  i expect that now there is a catholic majority a referendum on joining ireland will come eventually . 
  but events in ireland do not move quickly . 
  it is almost impossible to be neutral in northern ireland !, 
  jews in northern ireland do not identify more with either britain or ireland . 
  [ but we force them to choose ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2007/mar/29/itisahoaryold ) i 'm not sure how well this joke translates outside uk and ireland ... 
  i 'm a lawyer . 
  i do n't think you can ever think too much about the law ... 
   yeah , the double-taxing is deeply unfortunate . 
  while there are lots of americans working in the uk , i think that 's just a function of how huge the us is and how english is our common language . 
  it 's not that easy to obtain a working visa for the uk . 
  this is kind of why it is crazy for the the uk to be in the eu ( and not in charge of its own immigration ) . 
  there are no restrictions on unskilled european labour , but significant restrictions on skilled labour from other parts of the world . 
   a lot of republicans , irish and scottish , see scotland as the first victim of the english empire . 
  well then they 're kind of ridiculous .
