  it is n't just a shame : politicians have made poor choices and caused harm . 
  we should learn from this . 
  ireland is an example of the euro not working . 
  the euro should work for the entire eurozone , not just a part of it . 
  however , euscepticism is on the increase in ireland . 
  the shy tory effect is not specific to fptp . 
  people are just embarrassed to admit to being tory ... 
  hopefully it will make a brexit more likely . 
  do we really want `` ever closer union '' with this kind of entity , watching the way they screw over greece ? 
  i mean really ? 
  music is as tangible as financial and legal services are tangible . 
  actually , music is not tangible . 
  it is intellectual property . 
  nor is therapy . 
  the economics of computer games is all knowledge , which is not tangible . 
  while money is just a tool , financial services is part of the real economy . 
  no , the point of the economy is not just tangible things . 
  humans want all kinds of things , ice creams , to listen to music , go on holiday , play computer games , travel , undergo therapy , dance in night clubs , read newspapers , have bank accounts etc etc. 
  it makes no sense to distinguish between tangible things and intangible things and think of them as somehow economically different . 
  that 's just not how humans live their lives or how economies work . 
   but where do you think the things you buy with your salary come from ? 
  all over the world . 
  a legal service is part of the real economy in the same way that a car is . 
  you can buy it , sell it , import it , export it . 
  if england is south korea , what is scotland lol ? 
  what you are calling the monetary economy is part of the real economy . 
  for example , i am a lawyer working in financial services , all my clients are either banks , large corporates or other public sector issuers of financial products , mainly traded on stock exchanges . 
  however , i earn a salary from this work and pay taxes on my salary . 
  it is the real economy . 
  no , although quite obviously the way that the eu is solving the greek crisis does impact the british perception of the eu . 
  it would be weird if we just ignored it . 
  watch and wait ... 
  in that case the current mess will just continue, 
  yes , in the event of `` no '' there will be a big argument . 
  it is going to be interesting to watch . 
  this is going to make a brexit more likely . 
  the imf is meant to save countries , not currency unions . 
  the shareholders of the imf include third world countries , much poorer than the eurozone . 
  obvuously , they should not have to lose money because the eurozone ca n't sort out its own shit . 
  the ecb in its monetary policy should have as much regard to jobs and growth as it has to price stability . 
  the ecb should be a true lender of last resort . 
  debts of the eurozone member states should be shared . 
  there should be massive fiscal transfers . 
  there should be strong central political institutions . 
  i 'm glad he has said this , he is being correct . 
   to be honest , they did n't have to - the efsf was open to the poorer countries , and they joined . 
  in a sense you are right . 
  if they did n't want to bailout greece , they should have refused to be part of the efsf . 
  by joining , they are at the very least showing willing . 
  however , in my mind it does not really make sense for poorer countries to be bailing out greece and has caused incredible resentment and made the situation politically very difficult . 
   let 's back up there a minute . 
  we should not get off lightly because we have money , even though our having money has bugger-all to do with the greek situation ? 
  when did that become a thing ? 
  obviously it it not the fault of the irish . 
  but if greece is to remain in the eurozone , they will need a bailout from the reurozone . 
  personally i think it makes more sense for those with the broadest shoulders to carry the greatest burden . 
  if you do n't want to bail them out , we might as well be honest and workout how you can stop being in a monetary union with them . 
  if eurozone solidarity means that poorer countries have to bail out richer countries , no wonder the whole system starts to get very unstable . 
  ireland , despite its bailout , remains a relatively richer country in terms of gdp per head of capita , so i do n't think ireland should get off so lightly ... 
  yes , i agree , it did not make sense for the poorer eurozone states to have to have to bailout greece . 
  it would have made far more sense for the bailout to have come just from the richer parts of the eurozone and not the poorer ones . 
  hopefully they can fix this . 
  this is the case both for `` yes '' and `` no '' . 
  it is n't specific to `` no '' . 
  of course , the imf should not get a write-down . 
  most of the ifm members are not in a currency union with greece and many of the imf members who are owed money are a lot poorer than the eurozone ... 
   what , by the us interfering in a european bailout ? 
  obviously , with hindsight it would have made a lot more sense if the eurozone solved the problem itself , without the imf being involved . 
  but given that germany insisted on the imf being involved and the imf contributed significant amounts , it is quite right tht they set out their thinking on the need for a further bailout . 
  oh , do n't worry , at all , i am sure it is confusing for many people . 
  i think all british redditors understand this kind of shorthand , because we saw it all many times during the scotland referendum . 
  we wrote ruk ( rest of the uk ) and iscotland ( independent scotland ) to denote the theoretical new states that would arise in the event of a `` yes '' vote . 
  similarly , we are now writing reu ( to mean all of the rest of the eu other than the uk , in the event of a brexit ) and reurozone ( to mean all of the rest of the eurozone in the event of a grexit ) ... 
  it is partly the fault of those that designed the eurozone originally ( and those that are unwilling to reform it ) . 
  reurozone is short hand for the rest of the eurozone , sans greece . 
   read it at least ( the report ) . 
  [ i have read the report ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2015/cr15165.pdf ) and it is clear that a further bailout is needed . 
  i am sure that greece 's eurozone partners will be happy to provide this bailout . 
   the problem with referendum 's , is that in many countries it does n't represent the will of the people . 
  it represents the will of those who can bother to show up . 
  this is the same as the problem of elections . 
  it is not a reason not to have them . 
  colour me unsurprised that the europeans wanted the greeks to vote , in sunday , in ignorance of the imf 's latest report , which in many ways vindicates the arguments of syriza , that the greek debt is unsustainable . 
   '' * we are not living in an ivory tower here . 
  but the eu has to understand that not everything can be decided based on their own imperatives . 
  * '' exactly . 
   `` yes '' means there is no solution ever . 
  i do n't think there 's any country who climbed out of this level of debt ever . 
  i suppose in the event of a `` yes '' , you can keep begging the reurozone to write off some of the debt , even though that would be contrary to the eu treaties and even if the reurozone were politically minded to do that ( which they 're not ) it would instantly be subject to legal challenges in the german constitutional court ... 
   only a problem because the greek people voted for populists . 
  do you know they pay 14 pensions a year in greece ? 
  the fact that they have the kind of economy and political culture where every political party for the last several decades has agreed that they pay 14 pensions a year , and this kind of thing is incredibly difficult to reform , is kind of a reason why they should n't be sharing a currency with germany . 
  chances of convergence are , unfortunately , very limited . 
  romania has more scope to grow at the moment than greece as romania is still in a post communist catch-up phase . 
  in the long-term , though , losing talented individuals is not good for an economy , even if they send some money back . 
  ideally you want them to stay . 
   if young people in greece cant get a job , let them move and work in another european country for a few years . 
  there is nothing wrong with that . 
  the greek brain drain is going to be an icredibly bad problem in the years to come and will seriously limit the ability of the greek economy to grow . 
   fuck man , it was because of the eu that greece could borrow so much to begin with this turned out to be a problem though , not a good thing .
