  i really do n't think many people are calling for this . 
  if some nations want to be in a union it 's not really any of uk 's business . 
   without the uk , protectionist tendencies from france and the south are going to get the upper hand . 
  having a giant protectionist block on your doorstep would be a pure nightmare for any british politician . 
  it is very difficult to predict what would happen to the eu after a brexit . 
  there are a lot of nations in the eu that do n't want protectionism ( netherlands , denmark , germany , ireland etc ) . 
  to some extent these nations hide behind the uk in arguing against protectionishm . 
  after a brexit , they would be forced to be more resolute . 
   so nuclear weapons = influence ? 
  no , as you 'll have seen from my earlier comment , nuclear weapons are just one factor among many factors . 
  but nuclear weapons is certainly a factor as it one of the reasons why britain and france are permanent members of the un security council . 
  and that does make an impact on influence . 
   i 'd say germany is more influential than france financially and politically . 
  undoubtedly germany is more influential financially . 
  but arguably it is not so influential politically , partly because of france 's military and partly because of la francophonie . 
   the `` financial power house '' is the city of london and some islands-made-tax-havens . 
  that 's all . 
  the financial powerhouse would be a financial powerhouse whether or not those tax havens existed . 
  the existence of jersey , guernsey , cayman islands is only incidental to the success of the city of london . 
  the fact that your earlier comment indicated that london 's success if due only to tax havens shows that you do not understand finance . 
   with the upcoming debate about the revision of the eu-membership in the uk there are very little advantages to just ignore what switzerland does . 
  i mean , this is politics : it 's an illusion to think that there are easy wins without any negative repercussions for one side . 
  i agree with you , this is extremely political . 
  perhaps the eu will want to try and punish switzerland as a way of demonstrating to the uk that life outside the eu would not be so pleasant as we think . 
  but , really , the eu punishing switzerland is not going to endear the eu to the brits . 
   so it would be fair to say it 's would be better for you if the eu kept free trade with switzerland no matter what , not that it would be better for the eu as a whole . 
  it is definitely better for me to keep open trade with switzerland . 
  i would have thought it would be better for the many people who trade with switzerland ( perhaps you are not one of them ) . 
  what is best for the eu is a question to be debated . 
   perhaps you should move to switzerland if you like them so much ... oh wait !, 
  i 'm pretty sure that if i wanted i could move to switzerland very easily on the basis of my skill set . 
  nuclear weapons , big army and permanent member of the un security council , close links to europe and close links to anglosphere , english language , cultural exports ( sport , popular music etc ) . 
  while the uk is clearly not as influential as usa , russia and perhaps not as influential as china , it is arguably top of the next tier of influential countries , together with france and india . 
   it 's silly that we have a locked exchange rate , as it severely interferes with the actions available to our national bank in regards to controlling our own currency . 
  surely it would be pretty easy to break the peg though , if that was what denmark wanted to do ? 
   the eu should look out for it 's own interests , because honestly , the balance of power is tipping towards the eu side . 
  there 's no reason to cave in . 
  it is n't entirely clear what 's in the eu 's interests here though . 
  personally i think it is in the eu 's interests to maintain free trade with switzerland to the greatest extent possible . 
  i write as someone who trades with switzerand on a very regular basis . 
  perhaps you would want denmark to join the euro ? 
  that does put you in a small minority in denmark . 
  denmark deciding not to join the euro was perceived as a win among eusceptic circles in the uk , because previously the narrative was that the uk would be isolated and alone and that joining the euro was inevitable . 
  with denmark on side , that narrative ended . 
   being euro-skeptic demands a wholesale rejection of the eu but many euro-skeptics do n't appreciate that . 
  what does it mean to be euro-skeptic anyway if you do n't want out from the union ? 
  it must mean that there are plenty of things about the eu that you support . 
  there are a range of different opinions . 
  some want a renegotiation and some want to pull out entirely ( and i am in the latter camp ) . 
  there are benefits to the eu ( e.g. 
  trade ) but there are also disadvantages . 
  it is a question of weighing up the costs and the benefits . 
   do you think we should just take it in the ass like good boys ? 
  i think we should do what people want . 
  personally , i do n't think it makes sense to put up barriers with switzerland because this harms everyone . 
  i personally export a lot to switzerland and also regularly import from switzerland . 
  so personally i would not vote to put up trade barriers with switzerland . 
  but perhaps others have different ideas . 
   the eu already agreed to a lot of cherry picking ( you should know ) and it has to end . 
  the eu is a package deal , not \u00e0 la carte !, 
  i do n't see it ending . 
  there is no forcing the uk into the euro . 
  the british people would never vote for it . 
   built on tax havens in former or current defacto colonies from back in the day of the empire that route all their transactions though london . 
  i 'm guessing that you do n't know much about finance , do you ? 
  i 'm hoping switzerland stands its ground here !, 
  this is a real boost to the eusceptic cause in the uk . 
  each time a people vote against the eu ( like denmark voting against the euro , netherlands voting against the constitution and ireland voting against the lisbon treaty ) we get a boost in our morale . 
  definitely the uk will be watching this move closely . 
  if the eu tries to put barriers to trade with the switzerland ( without asking the european people in a referendum ) that would be a very regressive step in my opinion . 
  thatcher was being a cunt as usual ? 
  all thatcher said was [ i want my money back ] ( http://m.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-22072992 ) . 
  this line is one of the most memorable and lasting from a uk postww2 european policy perspective . 
  scotland have only been united to england for 300 years . 
  wales has been united with england for roughly 1000 years and never really been an independent nation per se . 
  thus the two situations are not really comparable . 
  essex girls are easy . 
  liverpudlians are thieves . 
  the scots are very tight with money . 
  yorkshiremen are plain talking . 
   given a trade tax , scotish exporters and importers would suffer ( but now they can adapt to the eu market given that there is less of a financial difference to working with the uk ) , but they are but a few when compared with local producers , manufacturers and retailers that wo n't be forced to compete with already established english competitors . 
  i disagree with you here because scotland already has some very well established and successful companies that already export a lot to the uk and to the eu . 
  scotland also has most of the oil . 
  provided scotland negotiates sensibly and makes sensible policies , there is no reason why scotland would n't be a very successful strong economy immediately after indepence a bit like norway , sweden and denmark are , or how ireland was briefly and how it would have stayed had they not joined the euro . 
  having england next door actually benefits scotland and will stay a benefit whether or not scotland votes for independence . 
  if i were scotland , i think the best way for them to succeed would be to reduce corporation tax rates ( like ireland has done ) to encourage a lot of inward investment that might otherwise have gone to ruk . 
  but taxing ruk products would be a mistake . 
  for one thing , it would be illegal under the eu treaties . 
  if scotland wants to join the eu , it can forget about trying to tax ruk . 
  for another thing , it will decrease trade with its biggest trading partner . 
  thanks . 
   there are so many differences between scotland and catalonia , there is a constitution in spain that sets a legal basis for the territorial arrangement , also the constitution states that the sovereignty lays on the spanish people , not the territories , not the monarchs , not the parliaments or governments . 
  not having a written constitution in the uk does sometimes make this kind of thing easier and more flexible and means decisions can be made faster !, 
   if you ask for my personal opinion , the constitution should be changed on the points necessary for catalonia to have a referendum on independence . 
  but that means that the whole population of spain must vote , not on catalan independence , but on these constitutional changes . 
  it would be a great opportunity to change some other things that i personally think are important . 
  in my view the constitutional changes requiring a catalan referendum should be separated from other constitutional changes . 
  for example , people might be supportive of the ability for catalans to have a referendum , but not the other changes . 
   yes , and this would make scottish products more appealing , this in term rises scottish companies revenues , which allows them to grow , hire more people and pay more taxes ( beyond what the income the government would actually raise from taxing imports ) the risk is that if scotland decided to tax ruk products , then ruk would decide to tax scotish products . 
  and because scotland 's greatest export market is ruk , this policy could end up reducing scottish company profits .
