  here . 
  that is not the case . 
  a brazilian is currently free to enter ireland without a visa . 
  then they can cross into northern ireland still without a visa . 
  then move to the british mainland still without a visa . 
  or they can enter london directly without a visa . 
   because if you 're a romanian beggar and want to go into london but ca n't get a visa for example the uk is going to allow romanians to enter the uk without a visa . 
  therefore they wo n't bother going via ireland . 
  they will just go to the uk directly . 
   i 'm ok with freedom of movement no , i am not okay with freedom of movement . 
  i am okay with travel into the uk without a visa , which is not the same thing as freedom of movement . 
   as said it kind of undermines the whole point of control if there 's an entry point to the uk that only requires an eu passport the uk wants to control who has the right to benefits in the uk , who has the right to work in the uk etc. 
  that is the concern . 
  nobody in the uk is suggesting that eu citizens should require a visa to enter the uk . 
   the question is if uk will automatically allow visa-free travel to everyone in the eu . 
  while the uk government has not made any statement on this to my knowledge , everyone i know within government and the conservative party is expecting that everyone in the eu will have visa free travel to the uk . 
   i think the big issue here in the immediate future is serbia and bosnia . 
  my expectation is that by the time serbia and bosnia are ready to join the eu they will also be ready for visa free travel to the uk . 
  i agree that this is a theoretical concern , but the uk cares a lot about the common travel area with ireland , so i do n't think it is an actual concern . 
  [ you of little faith !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/61s6vp/eu_to_move_in_different_speeds_despite_polish/dfh6ofj/ ), 
   i do n't understand how we can have a common travel area without being in freedom of movement . 
  as already mentioned , a common travel area and the uk not being in freedom of movement are entirely possible . 
   1 . eu citizen wants to go to the uk without a visa the uk already lets multiple people come to the uk without a visa . 
  for example , brazilians can come to the uk without a visa . 
  once we leave the eu , anyone from the eu will be able to come to the uk without a visa , just as we allow brazilians to come to the uk without a visa . 
   immigrant in the uk to work illegally/beg/eat babies etc but completely unchecked by ukba . 
  the ability to enter the uk without a visa does not give people the right to work in the uk . 
  we do not allow brazilians to work in the uk without a visa . 
   it just seems like a really obvious problem with this arrangement that we have illegal immigrants coming into the uk from ireland unchecked given that someone from france will be able to enter the uk without a visa post brexit , i am not sure why you think they would bother flying to dublin then getting the bus to belfast rather than simply getting the eurostar . 
   is going to do when the daily mail starts banging on about `` immigrants sneaking into britain unchecked through ireland ! '' . 
  `` open borders ! '', 
  i am not aware of the daily mail opposing the common travel area between the uk and ireland . 
  i suspect they are in favour of it . 
   as one of their top goals which kind of seems to clash with opening a border with ireland . 
  any links showing that they are opposed to the common travel area ? 
   as it requires everyone else to simply agree to what we want without any self-interest on their part it is in the interests of both the uk and ireland to maintain the common travel area . 
  i can not see what the eu would gain by opposing it . 
   but both have the same immigration policy with regard to eu/eea citizens . 
  thats why it works in norway and sweden but is very different to ireland / uk . 
  i would urge you to read the report i linked . 
   norway and sweden have both been in the nordic passport union for about 3 decades before schengen came into place !, 
  npu allows you to move and live in ( and not only travel to ) between countries as if it was your own so its a lot more than schengen . 
  the common travel area has also been an area where people can live , work , vote etc across the whole area . 
   the reason norway/sweden arrangement works is because both allow the same level of access from the rest of eu/eea anyway . 
  if you are actually interested in this issue , please read the report i linked . 
  the reason why the norway/sweden parallel is relevant is because they have passport free travel but not are not in a customs union . 
  the fact that they are both in the single market is not relevant , because the single market does not really relate to the physical act of crossing borders , but the rights that you have once you have crossed a border . 
   we have freedom of movement with eu countries at the moment though is the difference . 
  freedom of movement is not the same concept as passport free travel . 
  freedom of movement is a whole range of different rights , including the right to work in a country etc. 
  passport free travel is simply the ability to cross a border without a passport . 
  the uk wants passport free travel with ireland . 
  this is not the same as freedom of movement with the eu . 
   if we do n't want freedom of movement into the uk and the eu does n't want goods coming from the uk into the eu un checked it seems kind of impossible to check people are british/irish citizens entitled to travel passport free without some sort of check that they are british or irish citizens and not evil johhny foreigner surely ? 
  if you are actually interested in understanding this issue , i would urge you to read the link to my earlier post on this , from open europe . 
  this explains why there is no need for a hard border between the uk and ireland . 
   so you think people are going to be happy with passport free travel between an eu country and the uk ? 
  there is already passport free travel between the uk and ireland . 
  i am not aware of significant opposition to this in either uk or ireland . 
   is n't that even more liberalised than the current arrangement where we are n't in schengen ? 
  no , having continued passport free travel between ireland and the uk will be a continuation of the status quo . 
   and is the eu going to agree to this common travel area where anything can go from the uk into the eu check free as well ? 
  the eu already recognises the common travel area . 
  of course the eu is going to accept this arrangement continuing , given that both ireland and the uk want it to continue . 
   eh , i 'm sure reinstalling border checks , outposts and fencing the border , reinstalling the patrols , etc. 
  is enough for saying something is an hard-border . 
  this is not going to happen between the uk and ireland . 
   there is also no way ni and irish republic getting something like sweden-norway border by a `` hard-brexit '' since both are within the schengen area and part of the free market . 
  at this point i would simply urge you to actually read the report published by open europe linked to my earlier post . 
  that will answer all your questions . 
  the reason there is no hard border between sweden and norway is not because they are part of the single market . 
  it is because they have a passport free travel arrangement between them . 
  this is the case between the uk and ireland . 
   i think the question will be whether the eu recognises this common travel area the way it recognises schengen . 
  of course the eu will recognise the common travel area . 
  it already does recognise it . 
   yes , neither country 's in schengen so there 's no reason to expect that the border between them will be as soft as between two schengen countries . 
  perhaps you are not aware , but ireland and the uk have a common travel area between them , which allows passport free travel . 
  the common travel area has been there for multiple decades . 
  it does what the schengen agreement does . 
   you 're confusing hard-border with being able to travel between uk and irish republic ... 
  there is no universally accepted definition of the term `` hard border '' . 
  however , post-brexit people will be able to travel between ireland and the uk without showing their passports . 
  the vast majority of those transporting goods will also be able to do that without a physical check at the border . 
  in my mind it does not really make sense to call that a hard border . 
  do you call the border between sweden and norway a hard border ? 
  yeah , i sort of agree with you about berlin etc. 
  also , while paris might be cheaper than london in terms of things like real estate or transport etc , it is it cheaper than london in terms of taxes ? 
  or compliance with employment regulation ? 
  how do you calculate cost of doing business ? 
   you can only do it via a hard-border between northern ireland and britain , and via keeping ni in the free market . 
  i 'm not sure if loyalists would love the idea of showing passports for entering to the british mainland . 
  there will continue to be passport free travel between the uk and ireland post-brexit . 
   the comparison with norway is not really accurate the comparison with norway/sweden is relevant because they are two countries that have passport free travel between them but are not in a customs union . 
  this will be the situation between the uk and ireland too . 
   but norway 's in schengen . 
  ireland is not in schengen though . 
   and we explicit stated our opposition to it . 
  citation needed .
