  but even that is quite unlikely . 
  there is n't a clear leader of the rebellions . 
  also , the person who takes over the party might not be one of the rebels . 
  it is more likely to be someone in cabinet , perhaps theresa may or philip hammond . 
  the house of lords reform was defeated by conservative rebels voting with labour . 
  but this case was slightly different as house of lords reform was a liberal democrat policy rather than a conservative policy . 
  ( but , you 're right , it is another example of conserative backbenchers being happy to defeat the government . ), 
  i work in the city . 
  believe me , there is n't a lobby trying to get the uk to join the euro . 
  even if there were , there is n't a political party in britain that wants the uk to join the euro . 
  find me a ( recent ) example of the city wanting to join the euro . 
  [ in fact , the city is increasinly less keen that britain stays in the eu ] ( http://www.cityam.com/article/britain-s-business-elite-becoming-increasingly-eurosceptic ) . 
  as i mentioned earlier , all the proposals in the speech relate to other jurisdictions too . 
  what proposals should the uk be making that serve other member states but do n't serve the uk ? 
  ca n't other member states mention these ? 
  the uk is not the only member state able to talk about reforms . 
   or they might just take the opportunity to force through a huge devaluation before finally rejoining the euro . 
  are you living in a different world from me ? 
  the city is n't trying to get the uk to join the euro . 
  the left in britain used to be much more divided than the right was . 
  in fact , it was a divided left that lead to thatcher winning three consecutive general elections . 
  the very existence of the liberal democrat party in britain is mostly a result of leftist factionalism . 
  back in the 1980s , the labour backbenchers were extremely rebellious . 
  it was one of the biggest surprises of tony blair 's premiership that there were very few rebellions against him from the backbenchers . 
  there was a lot of in-fighting with gordon brown and in his own cabinet , but it did n't much matter because tony had large majorities . 
  the rebels in cameron 's government are very happy to cause defeats to the government . 
  they did it famously over war in syria . 
  and they also did it over the eu budget . 
  ( cameron did not want to go to the eu and ask them to reduce the eu budget - he wanted a mere freeze . 
  the conservative rebels voted with labour for the uk parliament to approve a reduction . 
  this forced cameron to argue for a reduction at eu level . ), 
  coffee ? 
  i need something much , much stronger at the moment with the way my day is going !, 
  yes , i am afraid i am taking the speech at face value . 
  there may be a time in the future that the conservative party adopt a specific pro-exit policy , but this speech certainly is not an example of that . 
  exit hardly got a look in at all in this speech . 
  [ read the speech ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/extracts-from-the-chancellors-speech-on-europe ) and tell me what you think its about . 
  reformers , like angela merkel , get leverage by the uk talking about leaving . 
  the need for reform becomes more immediate and urgent . 
  this certainly does give angela ( and the others in the eu who want reform , much more leverage ) . 
  there is n't a risk that france and germany leave the eu , while there is a risk that the uk does . 
  this is just the reality of the political situation . 
  are you sure you read the speech ? 
  there is n't a general `` reform or we 'll leave '' . 
  in fact , he only mentions leaving once :  if we can not protect the collective interests of non-eurozone member states then they will have to choose between joining the euro , which the uk will not do , or leaving the eu . 
  so we have fought to safeguard the rights of non-euro members . 
  but it has not been easy . 
  obviously , if the needs of the non-eurozone member states are not protected , the uk will have no option but to withdraw and the chancellor is right to be clear here . 
  there is no general `` reform or we 'll leave '' attitude though . 
  in fact , a lot of the speech is positive attitude to reform . 
  it think the reforms were put forwards pretty positively . 
  maybe point to the bits of the speech that you think should have been expressed in a different way ? 
  the speech was not self-centred , it was about reforms that the eu needs to make . 
  it mentioned lots of things that were n't self-centred , for example : ( 1 ) `` as angela merkel has pointed out , europe accounts for just over 7 per cent of the world 's population , 25 per cent of its economy , and 50 per cent of global social welfare spending . '', 
  ( 2 ) `` this is the continent that for centuries led the world in innovation and scientific discovery , enterprise and work ethic . 
  are we to say that the europe that gave us galileo , darwin and marie curie , the industrial revolution , democracy and the free economy , has given up on the future because it is all too difficult ? '', 
  ( 3 ) `` many of our neighbours have also taken tough decisions in recent years . 
  we in britain should praise them for it , not dismiss them . 
  germany led the way a decade ago with its employment and welfare reforms . '', 
  ( 4 ) `` spain is undertaking radical labour market reforms that are now yielding real results . '', 
  ( 5 ) `` sweden has reformed its education and welfare systems . '', 
  ( 6 ) `` we are not the first to recognise this . 
  the new german coalition agreement states `` we will adapt the treaty bases of the economic and monetary union '' . 
  enrico letta has also talked about treaty change . '', 
  there were also references to many other key eu institutions and people including mario monti , hvr etc. 
  the title looks exactly right to me . 
  none of the points i mentioned just benefit the uk . 
  of the points i mentioned , ( 5 ) benefits just the non-eurozone member states . 
  some of the other points will benefit primarily those member states that have large service / financial services sectors , like uk , ireland and luxembourg , though all europeans will benefit from increased competition in these areas . 
  also , it makes sense for britain to lead reform in our strongest area , rather than an area where we are not quite so strong , like manufacturing . 
  lots of eu member states do not want the uk to leave and do want the reforms that britain wants . 
  by openly discussing leaving and the need for reform , britain is giving those other member states more leverage . 
  if lack of reform is not a justification for leaving , what else would be a justification for leaving ? 
  you will see , from reading [ george osborne 's speech ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/extracts-from-the-chancellors-speech-on-europe ) that it contains many specific instances of where britain does lead reform in europe or where britain should lead reform in europe and in particular : ( 1 ) `` last year , the prime minister negotiated the first ever real terms cut to the eu budget . 
  for the first time , eu spending is not going up but coming down . 
  and far from being a lone voice , we were working alongside like-minded countries including germany , sweden , the netherlands and denmark . '', 
  ( 2 ) `` the uk , drawing on the findings of our business taskforce , has proposed a programme for cutting red tape in europe that has secured the support of 13 other member states and the european parliament . '', 
  ( 3 ) `` britain was one of the strongest promoters of the recent trade deals with canada , singapore and korea . 
  the canada deal alone will be worth # 1.3 billion pounds to britain . '', 
  ( 4 ) `` personally i 'm attracted to open europe 's thoughts on using enhanced cooperation to allow a smaller group of member states to move forward toward trade liberalisation in areas like services among themselves if not all eu member states can agree . '', 
  ( 5 ) `` it was a long hard fight , but we negotiated in the ecofin and european council a whole new voting system -- the so called `` double majority '' system -- which will apply in the european banking authority.double majority voting means that legal proposals now require a majority of both eurozone and non-eurozone countries to pass . 
  people said we would not be able to secure a new voting system , that it was impossible . 
  but we did . '', 
  ( 6 ) `` but it is not the case that the uk is always the member state arguing for less activity or blocking things . 
  we 've led the way on financial services regulation and ringfencing our banks -- and we have the most stringent capital and liquidity rules in europe . '', 
  ( 7 ) `` for example we ensured that the so-called `` hedge fund directive '' protected the single market with passporting rights for eu players that meet the rules . 
  this was against opposition from others to keep markets closed . '', 
  ( 8 ) `` we 're now fighting for the opening up of the derivatives market , to bring competition and better value to european customers . '', 
  the conservative party has a long tradition of rebellions and regicide . 
  it is actually somewhat surprising that cameron has lasted this long . 
  also , a lot of these conservatives ideologically want an eu veto and are using this letter as a way of putting pressure on cameron . 
  the pressure on cameron in relation to the eu from his own backbenchers is going to be constant from now on . 
  also , a lot of these conservatives have small majorities and fear that they may lose their seats in the next election if they are not seen to be eusceptic . 
  to stay in a job they need to try and clawback votes from ukip . 
  italy has had no economic growth for a decade and nobody can work out why . 
  many books have been written on this subject . 
  i lived in italy for a few years ( five or so years ago ) and the situation intrigued me . 
  i think the main reasons are : - no population growth - high levels of corruption / tax fraud etc - high levels of bureaucracy - lack of political will to reform - difficulty with exports relating to an economy that partly produces high-end technology ( but not as efficiently as germany , but is now locked in a currency union with germany ) - some parts of the economy ( e.g. 
  textiles ) unable to compete with china - braindrain ( unemployment has caused a lot of the most talented people to migrate ) but i am sure others will have other views . 
  there are costs and benefits of all forms of energy .
