  people have different views on the eu for political reasons . 
  this is exactly why people should be able to vote directly on the question of the eu . 
  also , you have totally failed to address my point about a majority of the electorate having voted for political parties that want a referendum on the eu and a majority of the mps in parliament wanting a referendum on the eu . 
  this is not some random capricious act of government . 
  we had a general election to decide whether or not we should have a referendum . 
   you forget that we are talking about the running of a county in an increasingly globalising world . 
  i 'm not sure ` want ' is sufficient reason to hand over the decision making process to people ( myself included ) not well versed in international relations and economics , and whom have already exercised their democratic rights anyway . 
  i know the world is globalised . 
  this is exactly why we should have a referendum on eu membership . 
  ideally the uk will leave the eu ( one small corner of the globalised world ) and more fully embrace relationships with nations across the entire world . 
  globalisation is the key reason for the referendum . 
   why not ? 
  humans are known to act more irrationally when in groups . 
  they are subject to the spin and propaganda fed to them by the press , and they are usually afraid of ` the other ' . 
  what is the case for a collective decision necessarily being the correct one ? 
  people do n't usually vote based on what they think will be best for the country ( even if they knew ) , they vote based on what they want for themselves . 
  how does that seem like a good process for deciding upon whether britain 's cultural and economic future is best served by leaving or remaining in the eu this is an argument for removing the vote from people full stop . 
  i do n't think people really are afraid of the other . 
  there is no such thing as a `` correct decision '' when it comes to eu membership . 
  people have different preferences and should be able to express them . 
   why do we need to belong to nations ? 
  most children take their nationality as part of their identity as they grow up , but all that serves to do is set us at odds with people of other nationalities . 
  not really . 
  it enables us to be part of national democracies . 
  democracy does not really work well when people do n't share some common identiy under nationhood . 
  did you think that scotland should not have had a referendum on independence ? 
  the fact that the question is constitutionally important is a reason why people should be able to vote on eu membership . 
  if you think people should n't vote on eu membership , then it is hard to see why they should have the vote at all . 
  people should have the referendum because they want one , they elected parties that want one and a majority of elected mps believe that the uk public should have one . 
  people are not stupid . 
  we should not fear the electorate . 
   are you seriously implying that the second largest contributor to the eu budget and one of the biggest financial hubs in the world might ever be at risk of being greece 2.0 ? 
  no , i am saying that its interests might be disregarded by its partners , in the same way that greece 's are . 
   i think there would be only one solution for this whole mess but that is the most difficult one : to find a way to make these refugees to stay at home ( like creating normal countries in somalia , syria etc. ) . 
  that wo n't be happened , so the european countries will be able to play this refugee game for a few years . 
  i think different eu countries are going to end up having vastly different interests and responses to immigration . 
  ( they already do when it comes to eu migration , and non eu migration is going to be vastly more complex . ), 
  there will certainly be games . 
  i think the reuters title was already pretty clear !, 
  i think this is an interesting move by hungary . 
  this kind of stuff will eventually kill the dublin regulation , or perhaps kill schengen instead . 
  i think this might breach the editorialising titles rule and get deleted ... 
   how would you solve this ? 
  should it be solved ? 
  i think a migrant processing centre needs to be built there so that illegal immigrants can be returned to their country of origin and refugees given asylum . 
   besides that the uk seems just to be a ` favourite ' . 
  it may just be ` country stardom ' . 
  i 'm not really sure about this , but i did read a comment from / u/vortalwombat that made this point :  [ i think it 's because the soft power of britain . 
  `` a country 's soft power is its ability to make friends and influence people not through military might , but through its most attractive assets , notably culture , education , language and values . 
  in short , it 's the things that make people love a country rather than fear it , things that are often the products of people , institutions and brands rather than governments . '', 
  - british council so the uk was too successful with its whole `` what is british , that is cool '' propaganda ( like tea , queen , connery , caine , bond , rowan atkinson , the average british is a fine chap etc. 
  ) ] ( http://ua.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ai0f9/can_someone_explain_me_why_migrantsrefugees/cscsz5e ), 
   they separated off long before i was born , and i personally feel much more at home in berlin than toronto or sydney or christchurch or wherever . 
  perhaps you have n't travelled to them and do n't know many people from the anglosphere ? 
  if you did , i am sure you would feel a connection . 
   sometimes its easier to accept that you are never going to budge the other party one nanometre . 
  i think it is worth getting clear in your head your reason for wanting id cards . 
  if it is just to make lives of illegal immigrants harder , than in my mind that is not a good reason if it also annoys british people . 
  we already have a way of keeping out immigrants . 
  and we already know that there are countries with a lot of illegal immigrants that have id cards . 
   and if the uk is supposedly `` following other countries '' , why should the uk follow the anglosphere countries over countries its actually in a freaking union with ? 
  as mentioned , the uk should n't follow other countries . 
  the uk should follow the uk national interest . 
  however , if the uk should follow other countries ( which weirdly seems to be your position ) then there is no reason why the uk should not do the same as the anglosphere rather than continental europe , as the anglosphere comes from the same legal and constitutional background as the uk . 
  even if for some really weird reason you think the uk should copy things that other countries in the eu do ( this is a really weird view though ) then why not just accept that other countries in the eu also do n't have compulsory id cards , like ireland and denmark . 
   well , surely providing policeman to help combat the problem with our anglo-french border should be done ? 
  while i have no objection to the uk offering police , it is not really a solution , it is a sticking plaster . 
  what would the british police do that the french police ca n't currently do ? 
  i do n't think it affects the uk as much as france . 
  the events take place within france after all . 
  if this was taking place within dover the uk would be reacting in a very different way ...  it was actually we brits who offered the fence to the french . 
  it was n't their idea . 
  yes , but they presumably wanted it to go up ? 
  otherwise , why did n't they just say `` no thanks '' . 
   i do n't blame the migrants for trying to jump into cars since it appears that they are basically homeless and do n't have any food . 
  they can appeal for asylum in france ( or go almost anywhere else in europe ) . 
  while they do n't have homes , they do have food . 
   and this would be in the british national interest of britain and britons within the british isles . 
  not really . 
  most british people do n't want to be required to pay for an id card and risk further police checks . 
  we can get about with our daily business fine without id cards , why change that ? 
  there is no political party in the uk currently campaigning for id cards , because they know it is not a popular policy . 
  i would not benefit at all from having to pay for an id card . 
   ah yes , '' no we do n't want it because we 're british '' . 
  quite a common response . 
  it seems like you did n't read what i wrote ? 
  this is what i wrote :  the uk should do things in the british national interests . 
  it is pointless doing things just because other countries do them . 
  the uk should not just do things because other countries do them . 
  this seems to be your position . 
  the uk should only do things in the british national interest . 
   they 're in those camps because they want to leave france to the country that is the soft touch . 
  no , as mentioned , they want to get to the uk for multiple reasons , including job market , language , family members . 
  if id cards were really able to solve the problem , france would be able to go to the camps and close them down on account of them not having id cards . 
  this is not happening . 
   contrary to what you think , i 'd like it to be harder for people who are not in the eu legally to overrun my country , or any other country . 
  i 'd also like to be able to feel the benefits of being in a union with other countries . 
  you want the uk to open its borders so that everyone in the camps in calais can get into the uk . 
   france does it , germany does it , italy does it , why the hell ca n't britain do it beyond outdated ideologies and resistance to change ? 
  the choice of having id cards is not to follow france , germany or italy .
