  i agree with you that nobody knows . 
  there is also now an interesting question about the future of ukip in the uk , after the referendum and now that farage seems to have resigned and stayed resigned !, 
  the day after the referendum i left ukip and joined the conservatives and i know many others did the same . 
  i was only in ukip because of the eu . 
  but will ukip stick around in the uk ? 
  i liked the picture from last year of the micky mouse and the priest and so forth ... 
   how about risk ? 
  my first point on financial stability deals with risk . 
  my points on consumer protection and tax-payer protection also deal with risk . 
  however , financial services regulation systems should not try to eliminate risk altogether , because the whole of the financial services industry is based around investing which is an inherently risky activity . 
  financial services is all about finding out how much appetite for risk different players have and then allocating and defining that risk . 
   you might say this , but we could debate the `` subjective '' value of our fishing industries only to find out to late that the objective value was it 's existence . 
  same with air pollution . 
  i agree that the factors relating to regulation of fish are different from those about regulating financial services . 
  unfortunately i do n't know much about fish !, 
  what i do know is that how fishing needs to be regulated is a political question and that different actors will have different views about it . 
   while perfectly true , we 're not exactly short on regulatory systems in the world , and there is a high risk of finding yourself in the tragedy of the commons where regulatory systems compete themselves into the ground to exploit finite resources the quickest . 
  i 'm not convinced that the risk you describe is exactly one that applies to the question over financial services ( which is primarily what the article is about ) . 
  there are no finite resources with financial services . 
  my product , legal services in finance , will never run out !, 
  also , the number of serious regulatory systems for financial services in the world is not high , because not that many countries have serious financial services industries . 
   the issue here is the definition `` the best possible regulatory system '' . 
  for what metric ? 
  exactly because there are different views on what a regulatory system should do , i think that there should be different regulatory systems . 
  also , we should remember that regulation is not merely neutral and technocratic : it goes to the heart of how our societies are organised , which is a political question . 
  asking what the best possible regulatory system means is a bit like asking what the best possible political ideology or political system is . 
  it is inherently subjective . 
  in my own view something like financial services regulation should seek to achieve things like ( i ) financial stability , ( ii ) competition , ( iii ) innovation and embracing new technology , ( iv ) access to global financial products for both borrowers and savers , ( v ) protection of vulnerable consumers and ( vi ) protection of the tax-payer . 
  but , again , the aim of the regulatory system depends partly on what is being regulated . 
  there should also be competition between different regulatory systems . 
  without this regulators and policy makers have less incentive to make the best possible regulatory system and less ability to compare the consequences of regulation . 
   i was talking about 2011 and 2016 being excessively close to each other for referendums . 
  given that the 2011 referendum and the 2016 referendum were about totally different things , it seems odd to say that five years between them was too close . 
  most people forgot about the 2011 referendum the day after it happened , let alone five years later . 
  also , if you think that the 2016 referendum was too close to the 2011 one , do you also think that the scottish independence referendum should not have taken place in 2014 ? 
  that was even closer to 2011 . 
  switzerland has referendums all the time . 
  if you accept the principle of referendums , it seems odd to only think they should happen every 10-12 years . 
  surely they should happen when people want them ( provided that they are about sufficiently distinct things ) . 
   i am generally a supporter of direct democracy as well it seems to work great in switzerland from what i can observe . 
  maybe countries like uk and italy are not quite ready for that ( and indeed it seems like your upcoming referendum on changing your voting system is being delayed ... ) . 
  however , for me this is fundamentally about trusting fellow humanity and believing that if you give people responsibility they will behave responsibly . 
   constant competition between countries will eventually lead to winners and losers no it wo n't . 
  we can all win . 
  competition is a natural healthy way of doing things . 
  i think it will be great for london that frankfurt is trying harder to compete with it . 
  it will make us think harder !, 
   you got the referendum you wanted in 2011 already . 
  i did n't particularly want the 2011 alternative vote referendum . 
  i 'm not aware of many people in the uk wanting it . 
   if the brexiters did get two referendums to have their wishes come true the last referendum was in 1975 . 
  i was n't born then . 
  brexiters had to wait 40 years . 
   if the brexiters did get two referendums to have their wishes come true , i think the same should go for the scottish and for the bremainers then are you saying that people that want a scottish independence referendum and people that want another eu referendum should wait 40 years , because that 's how long brexiteers had to wait ? 
  this makes no sense . 
  nor does the rest of your post . 
   ask them about scotland getting another referendum i am a brexiteer and i am happy that scotland had their referendum in 2014 . 
  if they want to have another referendum on independence i would of course be happy for them to have one , for the exact same reason why i wanted the uk to have one on eu membership . 
  i have consistently said this on this sub . 
  it is n't for me to say if the scottish people should have a referendum or not , it is for them to say . 
  however , it seems like they do n't want one /  or bremainers getting another referendum i 'm not convinced that there should be another referendum right now because we only just had one and there has been no immediate change . 
  this is n't a tennis match . 
  however , of course , if the british people wanted another referendum and elected a government that wanted one , then of course we should have one . 
  however , i see that as very unlikely indeed . 
   i see , so just as a thought experiment , if theresa may wanted to become prime minister for life , would she just need a simple majority ( which she has ) to do it ? 
  this is an interesting thought experiment . 
  as a matter of uk constitutional law , parliament is sovereign and also parliament can not bind a future parliament . 
  a future parliament can always unwind everything . 
  thus , even if the current parliament were to pass legislation saying theresa may were pm for life , a future parliament could overturn that legislation . 
  the next question would be , what if parliament decided to suspect elections ? 
  this is interesting , because the uk parliament did decide to suspend elections on a temporary basis during ww2 . 
  however , each year during the war parliament had a vote on whether or not to continue with the national unity government or get new elections . 
  so this is precedent for suspending normal democracy , but only during a national emergency , like ww2 . 
   i guess the queen would oppose it or dissolve the parliament . 
  but they or the next parliament could depose her and go on with it ? 
  no , parliament do not have the power to depose the queen . 
  the queen is part of parliament . 
  legislation does not pass unless she approves it . 
   do n't you find it a bit unsettling ? 
  not really . 
  i find it reflects the uk 's history and character . 
  our constitution evolved to deal with actual problems as they occurred . 
  it is not designed to deal with theoretical problems that people can dream up on the internet . 
  however , the thing about the uk 's constitution is also that it is very flexible . 
  i believe that if you take a long view of history , when it has been faced with new problems it has been able to adapt to deal with them . 
  i 'm not saying that the uk 's way of doing things is better than italy 's - just that it reflects our different history , national character and so forth . 
   i ca n't wait to see the arms races too . 
  which arms race ? 
  brexit does not encourage an arms race . 
   it 's also ironic that your comment exemplifies british exceptionalism , through the `` totally different history '' of the united kingdom , i presume , when compared to the rest of the continent . 
  actually , each european country has a different history and different legal and constitutional arrangements . 
  i 'm not saying that the uk is exceptional in this respect . 
  some countries have no referendums under their constitutions , some have frequent referendums . 
  some countries were involved in ww2 , some were n't . 
  some countries have long traditions of democracy , some do n't . 
  some countries have constitutional monarchies , others do n't . 
  some countries have presidential systems , others have parliamentary systems . 
  some countries have the common law , others have the civil law . 
  some countries have recently emerged from communism of totalitarianism , others have n't . 
  the uk has an unwritten constitution , others have written constitutions .
