  in the european `` union '' for some reason we ignore that basic principle . 
   nah , it should be payed by the people who are in the political union with greece , right mate ? 
  you like paying for what you did n't spend ? 
  keep in mind that monetary union is not fiscal union . 
  monetary union will not work until it becomes fiscal union . 
   also , of course imf would be happy to get their money back this way . 
  imf should get their money back . 
  the people that should pay for greece are the people that are in monetary union with greece , rather than random others around the globe . 
  very interesting , as always !, 
   i support the eu but the ez is fucked . 
  it does n't really make sense to separate them . 
  the ez is a natural consequence of the eu . 
   if something is clearly necessary , the question is n't `` is the necessary thing legal ? '', 
  and the answer is n't `` no , oh well then . '', 
  that 's the death of creative thinking . 
  the law is not a suicide pact . 
  the question is `` how do we legally do this '' and the answer may be `` through less-than-rigid interpretations of the relevant laws . '', 
  if the law is undesirable and , after examination we can conclude that it is ambiguous or uncertain or contains loopholes , then i am happy for lawyers to come up with clever ways round things , to achieve a desired objective but remain within the law . 
  if the law is undesirable and , after examination we can conclude that it is clear , then the best course of action is to change the law rather than to breach the law . 
  anything else means we may as well abandon the rule of law . 
  in the case of the eu treaties , a write-off of greece 's debt is clearly within the second case and i am in total agreement with schauble . 
  if we want debt write-off ( and in my mind this is essential ) we need to change the law . 
  if we do n't do this , we are not solving our problems , but creating new ones . 
  edit - thanks to whoever gave me gold !, 
   people were hoping that the other steps would be following naturally . 
  instead , the reverse has happened . 
  the more that fiscal union becomes economically necessary , the less it becomes politically possible . 
   might be , but it is important to note that the number of police shootings has dramatically increased in a mere 5 years time . 
  this must be seen in the context of a ` hardening ' society , but other factors may be at play as well . 
  thanks , i did n't know this . 
   you might feel this one coming , but could you tell me how this is arranged in the uk ? 
  what are the ` rules of engagement ' concerning the use of firearms by police officers ? 
  i do n't really know the details of this , but i do know that the historic origins of the police in the uk are victorian and came about under prime minister robert peel . 
  at that time , there was suspicion among the general public about the military , and for these reasons peel ensured that the police would be very different from the military , for example wearing blue rather than red and not having firearms . 
  since that time the british public have become very attached to the idea of unarmed police and also a large marjority of the police themselves do not want to routinely carry fireames . 
  obviously , there are some specially trained firearms officers , but they need to be called out for emergencies and we never see them . 
  most normal policemen are n't permitted to use firearms . 
  i do n't think any british government would be able to arm the police now . 
  [ it seems that ireland and new zealand follow the uk model of policing , and that iceland and norway also have something similar . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2015/02/18/5-countries-where-police-officers-do-not-carry-firearms-and-it-works-well/ ) i must admit when i am on the european continent i always find it a bit odd to see so many armed police . 
  there is that old joke about heaven being where the cooks are italian , the mechanics are german , the police are british etc. . . 
   the euro was never meant to remain a single action , a fiscal union and even a political union was meant to follow . 
  the correct order for things would be : ( i ) political union ( ii ) fiscal union ( iii ) currency union . 
  absurdly , the eurozone seems to be doing the reverse order . 
   i am totally not surprised . 
  sch\u00e4uble is a stickler to rules and principles . 
  and he knows this stuff cold - you could probably awake him at 03:00 and ask him about some obscure details of the emu treaties and get the right answer . 
  i have started to kind of like schauble . 
  even though he studied both law and economics , it is very clear to me that his natural home is the law rather than economics and he obviously is passionate about the law . 
  ( us lawyers have to stick together ... ) it is also clear to me that he understands that the current eu treaties are nonsensical , he understands the impossible contradictions between eurozone economics and politics , and feels powerless to do anything about them . 
   compare to this to a population that is about 4 times smaller than the uk and one can conclude there is a major difference between the uk and the netherlands . 
  different cultural attitude towards the police i think . 
   any source on your `` france insisted '' claim ? 
  oh , and the telegraph does not count as source . 
  [ here is le point , opining that it was france who did a lot to secure greece 's entry into the euro in 2001 , while germany kept their distance . 
  ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/economie/la-grece-dans-l-euro-une-erreur-fatale-28-11-2011-1401366_28.php )  also , sooner ore later , there will be a `` transfer union '' anyway . 
  and that 's good and right . 
  but we have to make sure that only trustworthy countries are part of it . 
  that 's what the current `` drama '' is all about . 
  which other countries are you going to kick out , apart from greece ? 
  it was france that originally insisted that greece be part of the eurozone , much to the dismay and disbelief of germany . 
  the only real solution to this problem is a massive write-off of greek debt and the creation of a transfer union - if the french secure that , * chapeau bas pour vous , mes amis * !, 
  anything else is just amend , extend and pretend : they might as well be pissing into the wind . 
  i 'll reserve judgment . 
  it would be great if italy took defence seriously too . 
  uk to opt out of both :-), 
  hopefully latvia can get there as soon as possible and is heading in the right direction . 
  he is correct when he writes that default will have a healing effect . 
  the only way to heal greece in the long term is to default , decouple and devalue . 
  this is painful for a lot of people to accept , but it has to happen . 
  delaying just makes things worse . 
  this debate is still relevant today , i agree . 
  however , i was n't referring to the thatcher era , at that time the emu details were not known , and they were just discussing the concept . 
  i was referring to the major era , and in particular the 1993 parliament and the debates on the precise detail of that treaty and the criticisms of it in westminster . 
  ( the atmosphere in parliament was very tense , particularly after the danish `` no '' vote , which gave a lot of confidence to the eurosceptics . ), 
  in these debates they discussed the consequences of the euro for the eu generally , the unemployment , disunity , low growth and german dominance it would bring . 
  i can link some of those debates to you tomorrow if you are interested . 
   i suspect they did n't commit to it before the election because it could have been used to attack them . 
  i agree with you that it 's good news but that feeling is not universal . 
  committing to defence spending does not lose the conservatives any votes . 
  the people that do n't like defence spending are already not voting conservative . 
   there is n't an ideal job . 
  i just want earn enough money to pay bills the day they arrive and buy a nice house for me and my girlfriend . 
  from a practical perspective , it does make sense though to have an idea of what you want to do , as this makes planning easier . 
  separately , you might be interested to know that in my own work environment ( finance , city of london ) there seem to be many people with handicaps of some or other sort who seem to have good jobs , so i think you should believe that it is possible . 
   i 'm tired of this situation , of this costant feeling of fear and struggle . 
  i just want to end my study and find a job does n't matter where in europe , and when everything seems to have finally find a shape everything change again , and again , and again . 
  let 's be practical - what kind of work would you like to do , ideally ? 
  come to the uk and do n't let your handicap be a handicap . 
  in this day and age technology can help people with vision impairments do jobs that they previously could not do . 
  assuming you have other skills , i am sure that we can find a job for you . 
  seems like you can write english and use a computer , which is basically the only skills you need for a lot of jobs :-), 
   it 's either austerity within or outside the euro . 
  who ultimately gets to decide the terms are the creditors . 
  the extent of austerity depends on whether debt gets written off or not , and the nature of any bail-outs , which is a live issue for negotiation . 
  separately , outside of the euro the policy options are different . 
  being able to devalue your currency can be an effective tool which eases and shares the pain ( which is why the ecb is currently devaluing the euro against the dollar ) . 
  outside of the euro , greece could devalue against the euro ( a bit like the uk did in 2009 and czech did a year or so later ) . 
   i 'm simply stating that there 's no need for such a clause because by the time that becomes a desired reality the country in question will in all likelihood be forced out through other means . 
  i disagree .
