  it wo n't make any difference . 
  the uk is not part of the banking union . 
  which laws are you talking about ? 
  really ? 
  in the uk more than a million jobs have been created in the last four years . 
  there are more people working in the uk than ever before . 
  we are struggling to find workers in london . 
  we 've not had a good anglo-german diplomatic battle for quite a while . 
  i 'm bored of anglo-french battles , so this current merkel/cameron stand-off is fascinating to watch . 
  hahaha - too funny . 
  that 's okay , perhaps i am not a typical ukip voter :-), 
  no , i am just refuting your claim that nobody in ukip gives a shit about banking regulations coming from the eu . 
  ouch . 
  i 'm a ukip voter working in finance in the city of london . 
  i am impacted by eu legislation on a daily basis . 
  the conservative party were very clear before the election that they did not support any of the spitzenkandidat . 
  personally i do n't think that saying nothing is the same as an obvious silent agreement . 
  but i agree it is poor politics by merkel to support juncker before the elections then junk him afterwards . 
  there was n't any specific agreement from the council . 
  most members of the council did n't say anything about it . 
  given that your definition of globalisation seems to be a specific one that relates to governance by supranational bodies rather than national bodies , i find it a bit surprising that at the beginning of the thread , when selecting a definition of globalisation , you chose a definition that had nothing to with your own definition . 
  ukip does not have a firm anti-immigration policy , ukip is pro-immigration but believes that the uk should be in control of uk 's borders . 
  personally , i do n't have any problem with eccentricity . 
  the ukip leadership do not have xenophobic tendencies . 
  i do n't agree with all of ukip 's rhetoric and am part of a group trying to change it . 
  so , just to clarify , you think that anyone in the whole world should have the freedom to move into europe , but then not freedom of movement within europe ? 
  how would that policy work ? 
  the `` democratic globalisation '' term you have quoted from is not widely used to define globalisation . 
  what made you say i was against globalisation at first ? 
  there has been nothing in my posting history to suggest this , so i find it a very odd assumption to make about me . 
  edit - it would be helpful if you showed where you were making edits to your posts after posting clearly . 
  i 'm largely pro immigration and emigration and have lived in several countries myself . 
  i believe immigration is on balance good for britain but that britain should be responsible for its own immigration policy and not favour europe over the rest of the world . 
  what are your own views on free movement ? 
  do you believe in free movement of people throughout the whole world ? 
  globalisation does not mean global governance and being in favour of national sovereignty is not inconsistent with being pro-globalisation . 
  i am neutral about cultural homogeneity/heterogeneity , and do n't believe the state has a big role in relation to culture . 
  my own personal life is very multi-cultural . 
  globalisation is not anti the nation state . 
  you need to check the definition of globalisation again . 
  yes , i did vote ukip . 
  i 'm a lawyer . 
  i manage my own clients and can do what i like online :-) !, 
  as an aside , i find your worldview , that anyone who is eusceptic is against globalisation , extremely lacking in imagination and narrow . 
  why do n't you take a look at how much the usa has grown economically in the last few years ? 
  where did you get that definition of globalisation ? 
  it looks like you took the first part of the wikipedia definition `` the process of international integration '' but then did not include the second part `` arising from the interchange of worldviews , products , ideas and other aspects of culture '' . 
  if you look at my post history you will see i am very pro-globalisation . 
  as for redditng while at work , you do n't know anything about the terms of my employment or the nature of my work or my working hours or arrangements so i find this an odd comment . 
  edit after your edit : it would really be helpful if in line with rediquette you showed clearly showed what edits you were making to your post after making them . 
   and yes the developed world is in recession or lower than average growth at the moment . 
  your link is not describing the last 12 months or so . 
  [ take a look at world economic growth in 2013 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_real_gdp_growth_rate ) . 
  most of the world had good growth , the us , australia , the uk , switzerland , japan , canada had growth at or close to long term averages . 
  the low growth is very specific to certain parts of europe unfortunately . 
  the uk does not benefit from this growth . 
  the structural problems within the euro and the corruption within certain eurozone countries caused the eurozone crisis and there was nothing the uk could have done to stop it . 
  rocard is claiming that the uk benefits from disorder . 
  it really does n't . 
  - i think french `` d\u00e9fiance '' is different from english `` defiance '' . 
  to translate french `` d\u00e9fiance '' into english i think you have to use `` disapproval '' or sometimes `` distrust '' , depending on the context . 
  to translate english `` defiance '' into french i think you can use either `` m\u00e9pris '' or sometimes perhaps `` insolence '' or `` obtruction '' ? 
  - the english word `` contempt '' means dislike and scorn . 
  the english word `` defiance '' means being obstructive and openly challenging a perceived authority . 
  i think in this context rocard was trying to describe this secont context . 
  - `` disregard '' and `` contempt '' are really not synonymous in english , they are quite different . 
  disregard is to do with thinking that something has little importance or relevance . 
  contempt is disliking something strongly and being scornful of it . 
  it is possible to be contempuous of both people and laws . 
  - i am certainly one of the people that rocard is describing when he uses the word `` m\u00e9pris '' . 
  i think defiance describes my own attitude to europe rather than contempt !, 
  most of the world is not in recession . 
  the poor economic performances in some parts of europe are specific to those countries . 
  the fact that most of the rest of the world is now doing well economically should tell you all you need to know . 
  the uk ca n't do anything about the problems in the mediterranean unfortunately . 
  high risk derivatives did not cause the problems in the eurozone or the current economic problems in portugal , greece and italy . 
  if you are going to blame high risk derivatives for your problems , you will never solve them . 
   she 's also wearing a color that stands out from the rest of them !, 
  it is odd that although her blue is colourful , her image just does not stand out . 
  maybe it is because her face is hidden . 
  this is actually a very powerful picture with the way the viewer 's eyes are naturally pulled towards queen elizabeth ii , by the way that the arms of three of the men are pointing down towards her . 
  the viewer then notices how old and frail she is an of a different generation to everyone else . 
  after seeing queen elizabeth ii , the next person the viewer notices is putin , standing alone and looking into the distance . 
  merkel is the third person i noticed . 
  she is very much in the centre of things , but her image dominates that of hollande . 
  merkel 's eyes are looking at queen elizabeth ii , which again draw the viewers eyes towards qeii ... 
   portugal , spain and greece 's issues were entirely unrelated to the euro/eu . 
  they were/are internal structural issues mainly linked with corruption . 
  these internal corruption issues in portugal , greece and spain were among the main contributory factors to the eurozone crisis . 
  there was nothing the uk could do about the internal corruption issues in portugal , greece and spain . 
   the financial crisis on the other hand was created by investment banks , of which london has the biggest hub in europe/the world . 
  this happened in 2008 . 
  it is true that financial institutions in london contributed to the financial crisis . 
  however , even if they had not done this , there would still have been a eurozone crisis . 
  the debts accumulated by portugal , spain and greece were always going to shut them out of the capital markets at some stage . 
   so yes , the uk is partly responsible for economic recession the world is currently observing . 
  most of the world is not in economic recession - most of the world has been experiencing strong growth for a number of years . 
  growth has been terrible in portugal , greece , italy and spain for a number of years and this is likely to continue . 
  there is nothing that the uk can do about this unfortunately . 
   and the city has come out better than it was before so obviously there is a vested interest from the financial world in creating profitable situations like these , which are not what countries want .
