  scotland will take on its share of uk debt . 
  the risk is that maintaining the currency peg could be prohibitively expensive for scotland . 
  unfortunately the 670 page scottish government white paper on independence only contains 2 pages on choice of currency . 
  see page [ 109 ] ( http://www.scotland.gov.uk/resource/0043/00439021.pdf ) which indicates that scotland 's preferred option is currency union with ruk . 
  it is n't clear from the paper what they mean by flexible use of the pound , but based on all discussions and debates it appears that they mean sterlingisation - like panama 's use of usd . 
  i 'm sorry - this i think this attitude is am extremely poor one . 
  the opinions of all are welcome . 
  obviously scotland 's preferment is to have an open border with ruk . 
  the reason why it is n't certain is because the eu has in the past required all new states to take on the entire body of eu law as a condition for membership . 
  giving scotland a dispensation from schengen would from this perspective be unprecedented . 
  it is therefore a potential bargaining chip for a spain etc. 
  i have n't seen that statement from the police . 
  i hope there wo n't be violence but i think there is a possibility of it . 
  this is not based on media reports but my discussions with various of my scottish friends and scotland based friends and relatives - some of whom have said that they have not put `` no '' posters in windows for fear of a brick etc. 
  of course - i might be wrong and i hope i am . 
  it might not be close as the polls show . 
  not really . 
  the two main parties regularly change their positions to reflect the mood of the nation . 
  the two main parties are also both broad churches with a range of views within them . 
  establishing new parties is not a good in itself . 
  i prefer the fpfp system . 
  hahaha !, 
  lots of brits would kind of like having a kingdom with you guys !, 
  i expect we will have a good idea of the result in the small hours . 
  that 's when the fun is . 
  in what way are we hurt by fptp ? 
  i like it and voted to keep it . 
  during the night tomorrow . 
  i will stay up all night to watch . 
  a lot of people will here . 
   i have no problem with scotland paying its share of the ruk 's debt , as long as it also receives its fair share of ruk 's assets . 
  thanks . 
  what about currency union ? 
  do you think that iscotland should pay its share of uk 's debt if there is no currency union between ruk and iscotland ? 
  if there is no currency union , will you think that scotland has not got its share of the assets ? 
   is n't the argument that for that to happen , labour hat to move to the right ? 
  yes , the labour party had to move to the right to get elected . 
  that 's basically because thatcher and the 1980s destroyed the left in the uk . 
  many of the people who moved labour to the right were scottish . 
  nobody likes politicians . 
  however , i think if scotland have voted overwhelmingly for a political party that governs them three successive parliamentary terms in a row , with many people at the top of all these governments being scottish , it is somewhat hard to take seriously your claim that scotland are being governed by a majority that have no connection with them . 
   keep in mind that with one hand they were dropping labour votes for westminster , and on the other they were dropping snp votes for holyrood . 
  in 1999 and 2003 labour got the most votes in holyrood just as they did in westminster , in 2007 the snp beat labour in holyrood by a fraction . 
  also , in many electoral systems all over the world people vote differently in local and national elections . 
  the point is it is hard for the scots to say that they were screwed over by the labour government in westminster when they kept voting for it . 
   the fptp system is a voting system geared towards the necessity to vote for the least-bad people . 
  that 's the same all over the uk of course . 
  that is n't a scotland specific issue . 
   and why is that ? 
  the reality is that there are n't very strong local english identities other than in yorkshire and cornwall and even in yorkshire the english and british identities iare stronger than the yorkshire one . 
  people struggle to get behind the idea of south east england or the west mindlands etc : these regions have almost no distinct identity anymore : england became a nation 1,000 years ago and centralised early . 
  i always vote against the opportunity to have a new layer of government as i just assume it will cause extra cost and inefficiency and i think plenty others in england take this view too . 
  england is very different from germany and switzerland in this respect . 
  different history i guess . 
  some people in recent days have called for an english parliament and culturally this would make more sense than balkanising england into nuts regions . 
  however , then we could be left with a de facto federal uk state in which the four states making up the federation would be england , scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
  and england would be so dominant that it would have a destabilising effect . 
  also , a lot of people in the uk just do n't like the word or concept of federation . 
  it is something that other people do , like eating pastries for breakfast . 
  however , the uk constitution does have an ability to evolve when faced with the need . 
  that 's one of the advantages of not being written down . 
   self-determination is not about my vote counting as much as yours , it 's about getting ruled by a majority that has no connection to the social or economic conditions that i live in . 
  in recent years we have seen the uk governed by three successive labour governments for whom scotland voted overwhelmingly . 
  given this , it is somewhat hard to argue that scotland are ruled by a majority they have no connection with . 
  why did they keep voting for labour ? 
   an interesting point that has been made is that most of the loyalists derive their `` britishness '' from their scottish ancestry . 
  so if scotland leaves ; where does that place them ? 
  ideally we would have been able to get rid of both n. ireland and scotland at once . 
  i kid , i kid !, 
  i have a grandfather who was born in glasgow ( celtic supporter ) who considered himself scottish , but both his parents were born in northern ireland and considered themselves irish . 
  i agree , the position of the n. irish loyalists becomes a bit odd . 
  but , the rest of the uk has ignored them for a long while now , provided there are no bombs this will probably continue ... 
  as the other poster has said , the contenders are theresa may ( i think most likely ) and philip hammond , with sajid javid being an outside bet . 
  it will be a bloodbath for the ages . 
  the tories love the destroy each other . 
   you need to add that the barnett formula will be scrapped if there is a no vote . 
  scotland 's raising of its own income tax will be the reason for doing this . 
  you might be right , but this is by no means certain . 
  some people will consider it the bribe that ruk must pay scotland to keep them sweet . 
   i think the lib dems vote may hold up better than expected they will lose most of their scottish seats , for certain . 
  they will lose all of their labour marginals and many of their conservative marginals . 
  english devolution will be something that all parties have in their manifestos . 
  drug liberalisation is very much a minority issue ( other than on reddit ) . 
   the ukip factor could cause big splits in the working class tory vote causing some 2010 gained tory seats to fall back to labour . 
  the ukip factor is a black swan and nobody knows how it will turn out . 
  ukip increasingly take votes from labour too . 
  also , their is a large labour vote to be squeezed in scotland by the snp , while there is n't a large conservative vote to be squeezed . 
   also , spain probably does care about those fishing rights . 
  agreed , they care about this massively . 
   and all the scots in spain who suddenly have no right to reside there . 
  actually , this probably wo n't be a problem . 
  spain can easily grant them rights of residence outside the context of the eu , and i expect it would . 
  similarly , scotland would likely do the same . 
   or the suddenly broken supply chains . 
  this would primarily be annoying for scotland rather than others . 
  however , my expectation is that this can be managed separately from the full eu question . 
   scotland , the territory of the uk , it kicked out . 
  scotland would not be territory of the uk any more though . 
  the territory of ruk would stay in the eu . 
  the territory of scotland , would be territory of a new country that had n't yet joined the eu .
