  since the last polling which took place before the attacks , the fn score goes from 40 to 43 in the first round . 
  ( i think this figure is statistically within the margin of error . ), 
  obviously this new argentine government is much more welcome than the previous one . 
  however , when it comes to the falklands , the uk government 's position , that it is up to the people of the falkand islands to decide , should not change whatsoever . 
  it is n't for the british government to do anything , unless the falkand islanders want it . 
  it is impossible to make this issue disappear until argentina accept that they have to engage with the people of the falkand islanders . 
  hopefully argentina will now accept this . 
  however , the uk can not force argentina to do this . 
  argentina need to do this themselves . 
  yes and also catalonia and gibraltar . 
  what sovereignty issues ? 
  the people of the falkland islands are the ones that should decide , not british , not argentinians and not spanish . 
  are you saying that the british government should ignore the position of the falkand islanders ? 
  that would be hugely disrespectful to them . 
  obviously we need our government to be able to control our borders , that is just common sense . 
  we ca n't have an increase of 300,000 in the uk indefinitely . 
  that is n't anti-foreigners at all . 
  we just do n't have infrastructure to cope with such a quick increase . 
  british people like foreigners , which is another reason why there is such high immigration to the uk compared to the rest of the world . 
  the uk working conditions are much better than almost the entire globe , which is the main reason why the uk population has increased by serveral million over the last 15 years . 
  try italian tv . 
  that will make you love french and german tv . 
  they are . 
  there are also lots of doctors who want to come to the uk from other countries . 
  british doctors do n't go to the rest of the eu . 
  they go to australia . 
  she was loved by far more people than she was hated by . 
  the ultimate test of a politician is the ballot box , not songs . 
  at the ballot box , she was very successful . 
  she asked the voters three times . 
  any source ? 
  why does living next door matter ? 
  the world is global . 
  there is already masses amount of travel between canzuk . 
  there are far more brits living and working in canada and australia than the rest europe . 
  when i wrote `` exact fact pattern '' i was distinguishing tobacco cases from fossil fuel cases on the basis that the consumers of tobacco clearly suffer harm . 
  the consumers of fossil fuel do n't clearly suffer harm . 
  any harm suffered is by the general public . 
  even if this harm were proovable it is still a different face pattern from the tobacco cases , because there is no contractual nexus between the general public and fossil fuel companies so consumer protection legislation would n't work and entirely different legislation would be required to cover this specific case . 
  i also do n't think it is really worth focusing on the knowledge of the company in either case . 
  the fact that a company causes harm should in my mind be the trigger for guilt , knowledge should simply be a factor when considering damages . 
  this poll is an interesting one and will make a lot of headlines . 
  however , it is out-of-line with all other polls done recently , so we should be cautious with it . 
  comres have made some significant changes to their methodology , which have not yet been tested in a real election . 
  if this poll is correct , labour are in deep trouble . 
  we will find out just how bad things are for them in the oldham by election in a couple of weeks . 
  portugal has hardly grown economically for a decade . 
  surely you are n't happy that you are still flat-lining ? 
  in the last week he has questioned the use of deadly force against the paris terrorists , his chancellor turned out to have signed a letter wanting to get rid of mi5 and he has placed a unilateral disarmist at the head of labour 's defense review . 
  it has been awful . 
   i 'm interested in your thoughts on what sort of principles might be involved . 
  for the specific type of harm you are describing , i think environmental legislation and punitive taxation is best . 
  in general i would subject companies who cause serious harm to strict liability : i.e , they should be liable whatever their intent or knowledge ( though the measure of damages could be punitive if a company was particularly reckless ) . 
  however , this really tends to cover pharmaceuticals , cigarette makers etc where the consumer is the one that suffers harm . 
  i think circumstances described in your exact fact pattern are fairly unusual and i 'm not generally in favour of enacting legislation to deal with very specific fact patterns , as they can end up being hard to enforce and have unintended consequences . 
  i think the key thing would be quantifying what kind of harm would have been caused . 
  also , given that there would be no specific claimant , other than the general public , i think this would have to be caught by criminal law rather than civil law . 
  in every case before designing a law it is essential to work out the policy rationale for the law , the thing that the law should achieve . 
  i do n't think we 're quite at this stage yet . 
  so you 're not interested in existing disclosure obligations of listed companies ? 
  what additional legislation would you like to see to cover this kind of case ? 
  every time i read about st kilda i feel sad . 
  maybe i should go and live there !!, 
  i 'd like labour to get rid of corbyn . 
  we want her majesty 's loyal opposition to be holding her majesty 's government to account . 
  not playing sixth form politics . 
  this is embarrassing . 
  no , continental europe is where the uk will send the immigrants too . 
  fog in the channel ? 
  continent cut off , 
  to me this seems like a bad outcome , when considering portugal 's economic history ... 
  also , i 'm not sure why you would n't be interested in existing legislation that is relevant in this area . 
  from the way you wrote i thought you were talking about existing law in addition to potential laws that might be created . 
  this is actually relevant legislation , though only in relation to listed companies . 
  this is legislation that would catch them . 
  do you disagree ? 
  i ca n't think of any other legislation that would currently catch them . 
   i mean , in the uk basically all forms of socialising require money , like going out for meals , watching a movie , playing a video game . 
  basically everything . 
  this is not an example of relative poverty though . 
  if your definition of poverty includes not being able to watch films , play video games and go out for meals , this still does not justify a relative poverty measure . 
  those concepts are all absolute concepts . 
  an absolute definition of poverty could reflect the ability to go out for a meal etc. 
  if it were a listed company , then inside information rules would catch them ( on the basis that such information would be price sensitive ) . 
  if they were n't a listed company , i am not sure what rules would catch them . 
  which ones do you think would catch them ? 
  they do n't follow , but i think it is evident from my posts on here that i do understand these things . 
  i ca n't think of what law ( in my jurisdiction ) they would have breached by doing that . 
  i also ca n't really imagine designing a law to capture this kind of behaviour . 
  i have actually dealt with all of your points . 
  i 'm not pretending that there are not multiple different ways of regulating the press and i 'm not pretending that some are not more harmful than others . 
  i 'm dealing specially with the framework you are describing and saying why i do n't like it . 
  i do n't agree with you that a free press is bad . 
  i think it is the best option , better than the system you want which is better than full on government regulation . 
  separately , the implication that i am incapable of understanding your position is something that i completely reject . 
  i just do n't think it would be an improvement on what we already have . 
  i know exactly how law and government work , i am a lawyer . 
   that 's a common legal problem rather than an issue specific to my proposal , though - the issue would be settled as libel is , presumably . 
  the difference is that libel is settled by the courts and courts have very established processes for jurisdiction . 
  courts can also request jurisdiction extraterritorialy in all kinds of ways , whereas a statutory body would not have power in this regard .
