  well done to you , you should be rewarded . 
  differently , we should punish them . 
  is this where we have got to ? 
  the fat unshaven lazy hairy greek ? 
  in my mind this a few steps removed from the cartoon of the rich jew with the hooked nose or the muscular west african with big lips . 
  things are going to get ugly . 
   tbh most of the hate i see towards greece comes from especially german and dutch redditors . 
  i 've seen it shared out among many many redditors and certainly there is a lot of hatred towards greeks from people with uk/english/scottish flags and that does n't make me feel great about my country-men !, 
   it \u00b4 s kind of insulting you saying that my knowledge from this situation it \u00b4 s formed by my country pm , or that my positions on this matter come from listen and reading my government positions ... how naive from you . 
  the source of info and knowledge is to vast i 'm not talking about your own particular opinion , but simply speculating on the reasons for greek hate from some portuguese redditors . 
  i 'm assuming that you have not shown any greek hate on this sub at all ? 
  however , if you have any different analysis of greek-hate i would be interested to read it . 
  i hope they are . 
  there is a considerable amount of planning they need to do . 
   you also have to admit that the greek pride , after all the shit done and they are standing naked alone asking for a special kind of help , not any help , just makes them an easy prey personally their behaviour makes me respect them and feel sorry for them . 
  another thing that is really interesting is that i have seen a lot of hatred coming from portguese redditors in particular ( though also some very kind comments from some portuguese redditors ) . 
  this is also interesting and in my mind comes from your government 's continued emphasis that portugal is totally different from ( and in a better situation than ) greece . 
  the transfer system needs to relate to the eurozone , not to the uk . 
  with monetary union , comes the need for fiscal union . 
  the uk does not need to be involved . 
  i agree with everything you have written and it makes perfect sense . 
  you have explained very clearly what it going on inside the greek mind , with the following passage :  as a result , 61 % of the greek people voted no , even though a lot of foreign individuals intervened and said that a no will mean a grexit . 
  you know why this happened ? 
  because when you 're unemployed for 5 years a grexit is an empty threat . 
  because if you were a law abiding citizen all of your life and suddenly your pension ca n't afford the basics you do n't care about the euro . 
  you 're angry as hell . 
  because if you 're a 25 year old who never voted those bastards who brought greece to this point and you have no future your heart is filled with wrath . 
  i know that in the terms of reforms we have a lot way to go . 
  the thing is , we ca n't . 
  we ca n't because there 's nothing left here . 
  in order to change we need to have hope and europe offers only death . 
  when i read those hateful comments i wonder , do these people really understand what 's going on in greece ? 
  if you think that we 're fine and just demand money because we 're terrorists you 're wrong . 
  if you know the truth and still think that austerity is the way to go you 're at least a cold hearted person . 
  however , i think it is worth you trying to understand why you are seeing :  what prompted me to write this is the hate i get towards greece when i read / r/europe . 
  how can we explain all this hate towards greece that we see on this sub ? 
  indeed , it is extremely interesting psychologically . 
  i do n't really know the reason for all this hatred towards greece , but i have these observations to make : - any examination of history shows that humanity has always contained some hateful elements and the internet is a place where hatred is free and we can see humanity without the veneer of civilization ( so unfortunately we should not really be surprised by hatred ) - humanity tends towards hatred of the `` other '' and we see this very clearly on / r/europe , where the `` other '' is generally immigrants from middle east / africa , but sometimes russia or turkey or usa depending on who is the enemy du jour - / r/europe , compared to the european population at large , is a self-selecting group of people who have an ideological belief first and foremost in the european dream , the end of the nation state in europe and the inexorable march towards a fereral europe and the euro was meant to be the jewel in the crown of that project . 
  the greek crisis ( and by extension , greece and greeks ) is a big slap in the face towards that project . 
  you are showing that the european dream in practice can be a nightmare . 
  it is unsurprising that the people who bring this message get a lot of hatred . 
   if it was obvious maybe we are stupid then !, 
  it is more that you were so committed to the idea of a political `` grand projet '' that you were prepared to overlook some basic economic fundamentals . 
   i never said the contrary . 
  you said : `` whoever bought low and sold high found some other private investor who sold low '' . 
  this is n't quite true . 
  many people who bought low and sold high did not sell to some other private investor ( which would have been less of a problem ) but sold to the tax-payer . 
   if the `` winning speculators '' had n't bought low and sold high , the original holders of the debt would have sold to the governments for the same price . 
  not quite - the governments did not need to buy the debt at all . 
  or they could have bought it for a different price . 
  or , governments could have bought it in proportion to the amount that their banks held it , rather than in proportion to their ecb capital key . 
  there are many different and better ways this could have been done . 
   ie , those speculative transactions do not impact `` global private investors '' or `` global public investors '' in any way . 
  your condemnation of speculators is gratuitous . 
  i 'm not sure what makes you think i am condemning speculative investors . 
  they are behaving rationally and legally . 
  i am condemning the actions of governments , which used taxpayer money to bailout the poor investments of professional investors , and by so doing allowing some speculative investors make a killing . 
  not geniuses , it was obvious . 
  it is surprising that you seemed to ignore what was obvious . 
   yes , let 's listen to the brits talking about the euro . 
  you should listen to brits . 
  we predicted that this would happen . 
  we warned you about this in the 1990s . 
  we were right . 
  your currency union has been a failure . 
  you can not have monetary union without a fiscal union . 
   but i object to your characterization as the private investors making a killing on this . 
  did you read my post ? 
  what is the difference between `` many private investors '' and `` the private investors '' ? 
  if you are going to quote me , please use my actual words , rather than changing them . 
   whoever bought low and sold high found some other private investor who sold low , so this speculation , from the pov of all private investors , is neither loss nor gain . 
  not quite . 
  many private investors who bought low sold high not to another private investor , but to the taxpayer , via the bailouts . 
   so this speculation , from the pov of all private investors , is neither loss nor gain . 
  as mentioned , if we are to look at the private investors ( as a whole ) they lost compared to the nominal value of the debt , but gained compared to the market value of the debt . 
  the relevant question is how much they should have lost ( given the nature of investment ) . 
   and the ones who sold at market value lost money . 
  and the banks who had loaned money to greece faced a 53.5 % face value loss . 
  if you make poor investments , and your job is investing , you should lose money . 
  it is not fair on the taxpayer to have to bailout poor investors . 
  this is a basic rule of capitalism . 
  if your business ca n't succeed it should fail . 
   most people say it would be a terrible blow to the project of european integration . 
  do they ? 
  european leaders are now openly talking about a grexit . 
   of course some would n't be particularly distraught if that happened . 
  i want what 's best for the greeks and this is n't it . 
   you know what ? 
  fuck this shit . 
  welcome aboard !, 
  i knew you would get there in the end . 
  it has been a pleasure reading your posts over the last several months , which have always been polite , generally with citations and generally well-argued and yet you face constant abuse and downvotes . 
  you have consistently done your best to give the reurozone the benefit of the doubt , but i knew there would come a time when you would accept the overwhelming evidence . 
  your partners are just not on your side . 
   now i wish the referendum was about leaving the euro . 
  then we could leave , escape all this shitty scapegoating , take 5-10 years to rebuild , then sit back and relax and watch the fireworks along with the uk . 
  the euro will fall , there is no doubt about it in my mind any more . 
  so the least we could do is get the first-mover advantage . 
  the populists in the other countries make syriza serm like tame centrists by comparison . 
  yes , the euro is going to fail .
