  however , brexit supporters generally are not wrong to make arguments on the basis of `` uncontrolled immigration '' generally as there are a lot of beleavers who do n't think that the uk should join the eea . 
   i suspect that many believe that the uk could negotiate more favorable terms than switzerland and norway , but that is just ridiculous . 
  there 's actually an open question about this . 
  the risk for the reu is that the uk , once out , tries to go for a fundamental renegotiation encompassing switzerland , norway and turkey . 
  the reu will not find it easy to reach a position on what to do about the uk once it leaves the eu . 
  too many eu countries will have different interests . 
   what fucking sense does it make to leave the eu just to become another norway ? 
  so you do n't have any say in the rules you have to follow ? 
  just as most norwegians prefer their current arrangement to being in the eu , i think most brits would too . 
  if it makes sense for most norwegians , why would n't it also make sense for most brits ? 
  my own preference is for the uk not to be in the eea ( other than as a temporary measure , perhaps ) . 
  butter , bread and green cheese is good english and good frysk  . 
  i 'm afraid that is everything i know about frisia , other than the flag ... 
  i am sure that if we knew more about the frisians , we would respect them !, 
  here is the copy/pasta :  prudential , britain 's biggest insurer , is examining plans to move its headquarters from britain to escape onerous new european union regulations . 
  the radical plan could see the # 36bn insurer sell its british operations , or spin them out into a separate listed company , city sources said . 
  the departure of prudential -- probably to hong kong or singapore -- would deal a blow to london 's status as a global financial centre , and heap yet more pressure on george osborne , who is already struggling to mollify britain 's big banks . 
  the chancellor was this year forced into a u-turn over the bank levy after hsbc , britain 's biggest bank , threatened to quit the country , citing tough regulation . 
  prudential is understood to have revived a plan first drawn up three years ago to move its corporate base from britain to asia . 
  the trigger is new eu regulations designed to protect the insurance sector against unforeseen financial shocks . 
  the solvency ii rules , to be implemented in january , will require all european insurers to boost their capital reserves . 
  in britain , they will be implemented by the prudential regulation authority ( pra ) , part of the bank of england . 
  prudential directors fear that the pra will take a dim view of its big operations in america and asia . 
  analysts believe the new rules could slash the company 's reserves from # 9bn to # 3bn . 
  shareholders were given a warning in prudential 's annual report , which warned of a # 1.9 bn hit to capital in its asian business . 
  prudential , founded in london 167 years ago , conducted a review of the company 's location in 2012 . 
  at the time , tidjane thiam , the then chief executive , said the new eu regime would force the insurer to dispose of # 11bn of investments in british infrastructure projects to free up capital . 
  the new rules would hit prudential harder than any of its british rivals , experts said . 
  in december , mark carney , governor of the bank of england , will give his final verdict on how solvency ii will be implemented in britain . 
  a source close to the company said it was unlikely that new boss mike wells would have to raise, 
   or about britons trying to ensure that they get yet another exclusive deal ( unlike most ` common nations ' of europe ) . 
  it is crucial that the uk gets deals that protects its national interest . 
  for example , without deals , the uk would have to join the euro and join schengen . 
  both of these would have had disasterous outcomes . 
  uk - we only have one land neighbour ( ireland ) , but we think of other countries being in our neighbourhood ( france , netherlands and belgium ) . 
  the open seas as a neighbour is a crucial part of our national identity . 
  if you sub-divide the uk into its consitutent nations , wales and scotland both have england as neighbours . 
  favourite neighbour : ireland least favourite neighbour : france ( though they are the only ones we respect ), 
   i think you are overestimating how much a novo escudo would devalue . 
  it would be pratically worthless . 
  i think you are selling yourselves short . 
  if countries like poland , hungary and czech , uk , iceland and sweden can all prosper with their own currenices , i think it is a mistake to think that portugal would not be able to . 
  if portugal 's currency floated , you would immediately be the beneficiary of foreign direct investment ( currently nobody invests much in portugal becauses costs are too high ) . 
   meh , it would be a very weak currency and we would still face a lot of other mostly unsolveable economic issues . 
  if a country 's economy is weak , it needs a weak currency . 
  having a strong currency if your economy is weak makes exporting incredibly difficult and leads to high unemployment . 
   although there is still the question of who will be allowed to vote , whether it will include uk based eu nationals , eu based uk nationals and so on . . ) . 
  the legislation currently going through parliament uses the same electorate as the electorate for the general election . 
  this excludes eu nationals resident ( e.g. 
  poles , french ) in the uk , but includes commonwealth nationals in the uk ( e.g. 
  australians , canadians , cypriots , maltese ) and also includes irish nationals in the uk . 
  brits overseas ( wherever their location ) will be able to vote if they were resident in the uk within the last fifteen years . 
  the uk is going to continue to have influence after leaving the eu , by virtue of the size of its economy , its military , its global network of diplomatic and trading partners , its soft power , its position on the unsc . 
  influence within the eu means telling other eu countries how to govern themselves . 
  this is not in the british interest . 
  we should happily trust the national democracies of other eu countries and let them govern themselves . 
  this part of `` influence '' i can happily abandon . 
   in the end we are at the mercy of international economic policies if you had your own currency , you would be able to have an independent monetary policy , like iceland , switzerland , uk , sweden and czech do . 
   if you want people to care about you properly this is not a motivating factor . 
  the same way that the uk already survived ww2 when the same thing happened . 
  there is no risk of famine in the uk . 
  i do n't think the eu will easily have a united position after a brexit . 
  think how difficult it has been for the eu to have a united position after greece , migrants etc. 
  different eu countries have interests that are too different . 
  immigrants are not an eu benefit at all . 
  as for the common market , the uk should leave the common market and make a free trade agreement with the eu . 
  the rest of the eu sells much more to the uk than the other way round . 
  even when we leave the eu , we can keep accepting immigrants from the eu , if that is something we want to do . 
  it is n't the eu helping if we can do it anyway outside the eu . 
  the way to test this is to look at voting patterns . 
  eusceptic parties are doing better in elections across the eu . 
  the uk has long been very eusceptic . 
  what is interesting and discussed in the article is the growth of euscepticism elsewhere in the eu . 
  i do n't think this is cyclical . 
  there has never in eu history been something like it . 
  actually , euscepticism did n't really get going until around 15 years ago . 
  it is currently at a high water mark . 
  did you read the article ? 
  euscepticsm is on the increase over most of the eu . 
  we do n't need to be sufficient . 
  the uk does not produce enough food to feed itself , it needs to import it . 
  there is no need for europe to be food sufficient . 
  the usa has a vigorous democracy . 
  we can not predict who will be president in a couple of yesr 's time or how usanians will vote . 
  india and brazil are both moving in the right direction in terms of democracy . 
  europe unfortunately is n't . 
  look at what has happened with greece and then with the quotas : both of these results were poor ones . 
  also , i think we should be optimistic about mankind 's ingenuity . 
  natural resource projections time and time are proved wrong . 
  we have almost ended famine and many thousands come out of poverty and illiteracy every day . 
  usa , india and brazil are all democracies . 
  usa are allied to the uk and india are also a friendly country and part of the commonwealth . 
  i do n't think we will need to fight them , but they will be our partners . 
  the uk will also maintain close and friendly relations with france and germany ( i hope ) but becoming a federal entity with france and germany would massively undermine british democracy . 
  if you want to federalise with germany , feel free . 
  do n't come crying to us when it ends in tears !, 
   you just need 4 countries representing at least 35 % of total eu population to block any decision at eu level . 
  the uk plus poland plus eastern europe , etc. 
  could have easily block germany 's decision . 
  poland voted `` yes '' .
