  uk , slovakia , czech , hungary and romania would not have been enough . 
  in any case , the uk is right to opt out . 
  there is no point opting in unless you are prepared to either be outvoted or because you want to block other countries . 
  neither of these things makes sense from my perspective . 
   the uk could counterbalance germany influence in the eu why ? 
  why is it even the uk 's business or concern , how other countries govern themselves , provided that they are democratic ? 
  i do n't want the uk to be telling other countries in europe how to govern themselves . 
  i am happy for them to govern themselves . 
   well , according to the voting rules of the eu the uk could ally with eastern european countries and veto germany 's decisions on immigration . 
  not really . 
  had the uk opted into immigration policy and voted `` no '' to quotas with slovakia , czech , hungary and romania , the policy would still have passed . 
   but it is easier for cameron to play the victim . 
  what instance are you talking about ? 
   valls and holland did the same , claiming that brussels is strong arming them while happily welcoming an unsustainable number of migrants . 
  they voted for quotas . 
  if they did n't want to vote for them , why did they ? 
   i am afraid that if the uk leave the eu , the governments will find another excuse . 
  let 's be honest , conservatives love immigration for cheap labour and it 's a scapegoat to gain more vote during elections . 
  i want the uk to have a high level of immigration , provided that it is in the interests of the uk economy , infrastructure and housing can cope and that wages are not negatively impacted . 
  however , this should be a decision for the uk 's national democracy , not for the eu . 
  [ his article in which he resigns from the left explains his thought processes and his ideological journey . 
  ] ( http://new.spectator.co.uk/2015/09/why-ive-finally-given-up-on-the-left/ )  he chastises the left for being not really leftist and then gives up on leftism ? 
  he has given up on the people that he chastised . 
  he is just content to leave them with the label `` left '' as they seem so determined to retain that label . 
   wow , i 'd be astounded if afd broke the 5 % hurdle . 
  times are changing . 
  after they got 7 % in the european parliament election , i do n't think 5 % in the bundestag is beyond them , especially after we look at the performances of the populist right in places like france , scandies , poland . 
   served for twenty years as honorary president of the athens ' international prize for democracy for unesco in paris let me guess that this was not a position that the general public got to vote for . 
  i think he just became realistic about who his ideological bedfellows were . 
   nick cohen wrote a wonderful book about that . 
  and he also resigned from the left ... 
   it does n't make a constructive point about veganism or animal rights activism at all - it just jeers and calls them `` killjoys '' . 
  actually , i think he is making an interesting point about ideologies like veganism being motivated in part by puritan instincts . 
  he has jeering style , but why should he be reverent ? 
  this is part of his entire ideology , that we must feel free to offend . 
   he 's extremely good at what he does , but the majority of it 's simply a matter of playing to his audience . 
  his screeds tend to be 90 % rhetoric to 10 % constructive points - why should he bother actually engaging with a position when spiked/the speccy 's readership will simply guffaw and clap on cue whenever he raises the spectre of his loony left caricature of the day ? 
  i think what he is good at is finding an interesting and contrarian angle and pursuing it relentlessly . 
  i agree that there is a lot of rhetoric and he does n't try to extend his arguments other than by using a rhetorical style . 
  however , this does n't make him trashy . 
  it just means he is unconventional . 
  this does n't make his positions any less valid or journalism any more trashy . 
  i also suspect that you read him because you secretly like him . 
  if you really thought it was trash , why would you waste your time ? 
  journalism that i think is trash i just ignore entirely . 
  very interesting , thanks . 
  is this likely to impact german government policy ? 
   why would someone agree with someone else whose ethical and political views are contrarian to their own ? 
  there are parts of the left that define themselves primarily not so much by what they are for , but more by what they are against . 
  if what drives you politically is being anti the west , capitalism , nato , christianity and so forth , you will be attracted to any other ideology that is also against those things ( even if that ideology is in favour of some other things you disagree with ) . 
  most imf countries are not in monetary union with greece . 
  there are many poor third world countries that contribute to the imf , they should not lose money to fund the eurozone . 
  the eurozone is wealthy and can afford to sort out its own debts . 
  he is contrarian , but that does n't make his journalism trash . 
  contrarian journalism necessarily is a premium in my mind - for a healthy debate about ideas to occur it is good to encounter contrarian and counter-cultural ideas . 
  or do you have an example of a ( recent ) piece of his that you consider trashy ? 
   e are all technicalities , like using different seeds or technology in farming . 
  using different seeds or technology in farming is adapting . 
   going through a crash in 2009 would require adapting , but that didnt happen . 
  not really . 
  the way finance is regulated now is totally different from how it was regulated in 2009 . 
  the volume and pace of regulatory change has been phenomenal . 
  and , unsurprisingly , regulatory change has caused a dramatic change to financing techniques . 
  separately , financing remains a very profitable business . 
  profitable business ( like financing ) are not incentivised to change in the way that non-profitable businesses ( like farming ) are . 
  i have to say that brendan o'neill is an incredibly clear-thinking and sensible journalist . 
   i do n't see financial sector adapting , even the slightest . 
  fincial sector is actually incredibly adaptive , because it has to respond to financial markets which constantly change . 
  financing techniques , technology , documentation , nature of borrowers and lenders change all the time . 
  this is why the uk needs to leave the eu . 
  the eu is institutionally structured to undermine national democracy . 
   is n't that basically an argument that without cap , all these suicides would have happened some comfortable time in the past ? 
  french unemployment is at a record high , meaning that french farmers currently have a harder time finding alternative employment than they would have done in the past . 
  other than that , i agree with your post . 
  denmark currently get all the benefits of euro membership without any of the risks . 
  they can break the peg whenever they want . 
  the reason why they wo n't have a referendum is because the government knows that danes would vote against joining , just as sweden did . 
  i do n't like the way that smaller countries in the eu are bullied , at all . 
  this does not mean it does n't happen . 
  the current french government is the one that will likely be the one in place when the uk has the referendum . 
  the uk did not do anything to prevent unanimity in the quota discussions , the uk opted out and did not vote . 
  the uk was correct to vote against the fiscal compact : permanent austerity for southern europe has had devastating consequences . 
  i am not concerned about treaty change . 
  i am correcting you about the french government position . 
  i 'm not sure how closely you follow french politicians , but macron has [ been talking about treaty change ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/blog/french-minister-highlights-that-treaty-change-is-in-the-air/ ) for a while and more recently specifically mentioned it [ in relation to the uk ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/607871/eu-european-union-france-britain-emmanuel-macron-eu-referendum ) . 
  getting unanimity in the eu is tricky , but it was recently managed by the eurozone in relation to greece and almost managed in relation to migrant quotas . 
  most of the smaller countries can be bullied or bribed . 
  i did n't say there would be treaty change . 
  i just said what the position of the french government now was . 
  i care because i am very interested in european politics . 
  my preference is a brexit , yes . 
  eh , are you insane ? 
  there is no way the uk is joining the euro or schengen !, 
  also , the position of the french government has changed , they are now willing to negotiate treaty change before the referendum . 
  i 'm sure there will still be brits in banksko to talk to after we leave the eu , so not everything is negative !, 
  do n't worry , without us the rest of the eu can become a full federation much faster . 
  the uk is holding this up . 
  i 'm not changing the topic , to refer to the full interview you are referencing , rather than some half-sentences taken out of context , like you are doing . 
  you mentioned farage 's opinion on putin , you can hardly complain when i quote from the exact same interview at that you did !, 
  as for sphere of influence , obviously the ukrainian democracy is entitled to make whatever decisions it wants .
