  for me the justification for taking the pay is that they have been elected . 
  justification in a democracy ( in my mind ) comes from the electorate . 
  that is the only real justification that is important . 
   the question is , do german workers prosper along with the german economy ? 
  they prosper more than workers do in spain , greece , portugal etc ( which in my view is the correct comparator ) . 
  the echr only really has jurisdiction to consider breaches of the european convention of human rights by states . 
  what is being alleged here is criminal action by an individual rather than by a state , so the echr does not have jurisdiction . 
  germany 's economy does better than the rest of the eu . 
  so would n't it make more sense for the rest of the eu to copy german laws rather than germany to copy the rest of the eu ? 
   i find it very sad to see this type of content being upvoted in r/europe why do you find it sad ? 
  personally i think of it as being just a form of political comedy/satire . 
  do you think ww2 should be off-limits when it comes to satire ? 
   i just think we are a family and i would n't like to see friends leave . 
  i think britain and france can stay being a family and stay being friends even if britain leaves the eu . 
  ( anyway , personally i think of peoples being `` family '' and `` friends '' in all kinds of other countries - japan , norway , new zealand , ethiopia , canada - even if my country is not in a union with them . 
  maybe you do n't think of these people are being family and friends ? ), 
   if i may ask why vote ukip in the eu elections ? 
  i can see why in the national elections , i would n't but hey it 's your choice . 
  however it just seems silly on an eu level . 
  their whole point is to leave it and that happens at the national level not the eu one . 
  the reason to vote for ukip in eu elections ( and also local elections ) is quite simply because this puts pressure on the conservatives and labour and forces them to react and change their policies and this impacts the debate that happens in uk domestic politics . 
  thus i am using the eu election as a way of sending a signal to local politicians . 
  :-)  i asked a diffrent person a while ago as well why and how he justified the way their meps work there and he said he just wanted them there to stall work and stir shit up . 
  which imo is bloody retarded . 
  especially considering their earlier claims of the eu being inneficient . 
  personally i am not too fussed about what ukip meps do in brussels and strasbourg ( but have a mild preference for them focusing their efforts on the brexit debate in the uk ) . 
  providing opposition is healthy in a democracy though . 
   i 'm very much in favor of the uk staying in the eu . 
  at what cost ? 
  what is it worth ? 
  would you be happy for us to repatriate some powers and secure more opt-outs ? 
  i expect that your answer to this question will be a clear `` non '' , but perhaps i am wrong . 
  which is more important to you : a deeper eu or a wider eu ? 
   however , i do not expect ( although it would be nice ) the politicians to learn anything , to listen , to change from that . 
  actually , this is n't the case in the uk where we have seen that voting ukip in local elections has already forced a response from politicians . 
  for example , the conservatives have now promised a referendum . 
  the labour party have so far stayed silent on this question , but there is a reasonable chance that they will promise one too , especially if ukip do well in the european elections . 
  anyway , i 'm still a believer that voting means something !, 
   what i do mind is that he does n't disclose that he is a member of ukip ( if that 's the case ) , as i 'd know that there will be no debate if i reply , he 'll simply ignore me and drum along that party agenda . 
  i expect he is a member of ukip ( or if he is n't , he should be ! ), 
  but i am not really sure why this is relevant or that you care . 
  after all , the debate that we have exists as a debate , independent of what political party people we might be members of !, 
  anyway , the fact of my membership of ukip does n't seem to stop me debating or people debating me . 
   i ca n't imagine labours/libs electorate remaining passive when faced with so much anti eu rhetoric from the right wingers . 
  sure the politicians are n't crazy about hugging the eu because it 's a rather taboo subject at the moment , but i doubt the electorate has changed their mind in mass . 
  most traditional `` blue collar , northern '' labour electorate are not really more pro-eu than the conservative traditional `` white collar , southern '' electorate in fact . 
  the only party that consistently seems to be pro-eu is the libdems . 
  but even they are no longer saying the uk should join the euro . 
   and considering the lack of courage on the side of labour to approach eu subjects i thing the lib dems will overperform if clegg does n't let farage chew him up during the debate ( it 's passionate hate vs moderate wishful thinking after all and moderates rarely win in a direct fight . ), 
  the details of this debate are still uncertain . 
  farage has suggested that cameron and miliband are also included in the debate . 
   and i think conservatives will disappoint severely , so much that they might even loose second place . 
  my prediction 33 % labour and around 20 % both right wing parties with libs closely behind ( if the debate goes decently ) worst case scenario they do n't break 10 % . 
  you 're right that the conservatives might be third . 
  though there is no way that labour beat ukip by 13 % . 
  ukip are super-motivated by this election ... 
  seems like denmark has the edge on crime drama at the moment ... 
   / u/trucidator admitted to being ukip . 
  i am a member of ukip , yes , but i do n't think i am the personification of ukip !, 
  anyway , i do have a job . 
  :-) i 'm also pretty critical of ukip and do n't necessarily enjoy my membership of them , but just see that membership as a means to a brexit . 
  i will definitely vote ukip in the european elections but i am sure about the general election at this stage . 
   do any of you brits have any predictions ( rough percentages + / -5 % ) ? 
  european elections are notoriously hard to predict in the uk and a lot generally changes nearer the time . 
  i think this one will be even harder to predict than previous european elections because ( 1 ) uk domestic politics has changed with a coalition governement ( 2 ) discussion of a brexit / referendum is much more real now than in previous years ( 3 ) ukip have done much better in uk local elections than they did previously and also have had much more media attention ( 4 ) this is the first european election since the start of the european sovereign debt crisis . 
  there has also been more media coverage of immigration and there is the ongoing uncertainty over the question of scotland 's future . 
  of the big three ( labour , conservatives and ukip ) any of these could win . 
  labour are riding high in the polls and are in opposition , but they tend not to be motivated as much in european elections as conservatives . 
  ukip are gamling a lot on these elections and if they do n't win then arguably this will be a failure for them . 
  the only certainty is the libdems doing terribly . 
  personally i do n't think that clegg can turn this around even if he does a great debate . 
  the libdems might even come behind the greens . 
  if the libdems end up with zero meps , clegg 's position as leader of the libdems becomes vulnerable . 
  in the uk it is convention for elections to take place on thursdays . 
  apparently that 's because it used to be `` market day '' and `` early closing day '' , so a convenient day for a lot of people to vote . 
  dude , the debate was clegg 's suggestion . 
  he ca n't really refuse to debate farage when it was his own idea in the first place . 
  yes , it can suck to live in a democracy . 
   the future confrontation with our eternal rival angleterre attend avec impatience ... 
  i see this confrontation as being a repeat of [ the battle of agincourt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_agincourt ) , as described by shakespeare : `` and those that leave their valiant bones in france , dying like men , though buried in your dunghills , they shall be famed ; for there the sun shall greet them , and draw their honours reeking up to heaven ; leaving their earthly parts to choke your clime , ** the smell whereof shall breed a plague in france . 
  ** ** mark then abounding valour in our english , ** that being dead , like to the bullet 's grazing , break out into a second course of mischief , killing in relapse of mortality . '', 
  this chimes closely with what orwell said about pigs and humans : `` the creatures outside looked from pig to man , and from man to pig , and from pig to man again ; but already it was impossible to say which was which . '', 
   i do n't see that really helping . 
  do n't like them ? 
  do n't vote for them then . 
  problem solved . 
  this debate will be tough for clegg who speaks almost exclusively in vapid , meaningless cliches . 
  farage 's more direct and honest way of speaking is much more appealing . 
  this article was just as ridiculous three years ago , when it was published . 
  why link it again now ? 
  my point is that for the vast majority of brits , knowing a foreign language gives you no professional advantage . 
  i export to italian and french multinationals every week . 
  there is always an expectation that i write e-mails to them / go on calls in the english language , because it will generally be the only language that everyone who needs to read the e-mail / on the call can understand . 
  i 'm not saying i do n't love the italian and french language , i 'm just saying they are not really the global language of business in the way that english is . 
  hahaha - yes , i meant british . 
  we 'll see how long it stays a parliament also for scotland . 
  i did n't say that any statesman of importance should be able to speak a foreign language . 
  there are plenty who obviously did n't , for example thatcher and mitterand . 
  the reason that the uk has a balance of payments deficit with the eu is because most of europe has been on its knees in financial crisis for the last several years . 
  the reason why brits tend to be monoglot is because we do n't need to learn other languages in the way that others need to learn english .
