  food banks did not exist in 2007 , or 1947 , or 1857 . 
  food banks are a new concept , and thus it would be surprising if their use was n't growing . 
   as observer , what i find most interesting in today 's news from '' the isle '' is huge discrepancy between official data and public sentiment . 
  if you look at the '' editor 's picks '' in comment section of bbc 's article on wage rises , you 'll see ( flying elephants in ) the picture . 
  perhaps you 've not been to the uk recently ? 
  i do n't think the comments section of bbc is really a substitute for real experience . 
  close to 2,000 immigrants move to the uk every month , mostly for work . 
  they ca n't all be mistaken . 
   same discrepancy can be noticed if you examine sentiment about '' shocking and terrible '' rise in number of users of food banks . . , these things do n't add up , really . 
  food banks are an entirely new phenomenon . 
  they did n't exist in the uk before the last couple of years . 
  the reason why they are rising is because they are a new phenomenon , not because there are more hungry british people . 
  yeah , both starbucks and subway have strong global brands and a reputation for convenience . 
  in an interconnected world , global brands and convenience have a premium . 
  i did n't understand this comment . 
   the only point of a political party is to stand by something , not just stand there and be a punching bag . 
  the risk that this new political party has is that they end up with zero reprensentation anywhere and that they decrease the representation of another party ( the lib dems ) with a substantially similar political platform . 
  it will be very interesting to see how many votes this party gets - it might indicate that some europeans do not feel able to be represented by any of the other established uk political parties . 
   fish and chips from the uk !, 
  are you serious ?!, 
  i can think of many many preferable french dishes ... 
  interesting times for the uk . 
  continued economic good news makes the next general election very uncertain . 
  this also has implications for net migration figures : if the uk economy continues to outpace the eurozone , the uk will continue to see high numbers of europeans coming to the uk for work . 
   1 ) the situation is slightly different in the states and australia , than it is in `` the old world '' . 
  these countries were actually built by immigrants and not so long time ago . 
  it might be important . 
  i think the fact that the uk is in the old world , but in terms of attitudes towards jews and muslims is much more like the anglosphere than it is like continental europe , makes me think that the reason for the difference is primarily to do with culture . 
  i agree that there is a strong social stigma against anti-semitism in uk/us/aus and in part people answer surveys on this basis . 
  but the strong social stigma also impacts people 's behaviour and as such it can only be a good thing , no ? 
   however , if one day i 'll lose my job and need time to look for a new one , i 'll risk to lose welfare benefits because i do n't speak dutch  i guess at the time you lose your job you will have the time to go to dutch lessons ? 
  it 's an interesting deveopment . 
  it must be very disappointing news for the liberal democrats though , they had hoped to be the political party representing the interests of non-uk europeans within the uk . 
  i dob n't think its isolationism is only because of its history , but `` dealing with history '' is a very important factor here . 
  i did n't spot edinburg in that list . 
   why not ? 
  germany has dealt with its history of actions under the nazi regime admirably . 
  agreed . 
  however , germany 's current ( unhelpful imho ) isolationist foreign policy is also part of their `` deal-with-your-past '' . 
  so while the uk does have some things to learn from germany , i do n't think the uk should go full-on-germany about things ... 
   i do n't know german geography , but if you look at the selected british regions , they 're all over the country . 
  actually , the british regions mentioned have one thing in common , they are all in the south east and within an hour of london . 
  ( the uk is a small country ... ) \u2022 cambridge , a second tier pole with 78 points \u2022 oxfordshire , in tier three with 51 , tied with edinburgh \u2022 berkshire with 48 points \u2022 surrey , 45 \u2022 hampshire , 43, 
   the eu works , but the euro does not work . 
  and it can not work the way it is designed . 
  the differences between the participating countries are far to big and what , therefore , is the solution ? 
  fiscal transfers from germany to spain ? 
  or germany and spain having separate currencies ? 
  or , most likely , the current situtation , which in london we call `` extend and pretend '' . 
  majority of brits have a muslim among their friends or colleagues . 
  most brits do n't think unfavourably of muslims . 
  while germany does n't control the ecb , if the ecb were to do anything in breach of its very strict mandate , like print money , the first institution to begin action against the ecb would likely be the german constitutional court . 
  the fact that the ecb is located in germany and its mandate reflects that of the old german central bank gives people a perception that germany controls it . 
  this is obviously very different from control though . 
  this is why the uk did not join the euro . 
  it makes sense for britain to be in charge of britain 's monetary policy . 
  good luck to spanish eurosceptics from london . 
   the nato requirement to come to the aid of an ally has been invoked exactly once in the alliance 's 65 year history ( afghanistan after 9/11 ) , and in that case usa said it did n't need any help . 
  all participation in afghanistan was on a voluntary basis . 
  agreed . 
  the purpose of nato is mainly deterrent , rather than anything else . 
  as such , nato has been successful . 
   and would have to be involved in american wars of aggression does n't really feel good to the population ( that you do n't have to does n't really enter the conversation ) . 
  not having to be involved with american wars should be part of the conversation though . 
  it is a basic and obvious fact that many nato members have not participated in wars of other nato members . 
  it seems odd not to talk about this obvious and basic fact . 
  i thought the op was amazing about where europe is a threat . 
  in my mind it does n't really make sense to think of the uk as a threat to argentina . 
  however , my aim was n't to attack your comment , but clarify what you were saying . 
  the uk poses a threat to argentinian control over the falklands ? 
  do n't you mean that argentina poses a threat to uk control of the falklands ? 
  in my mind the brits who speak german and are qualified will always be able to work in austria . 
  while those brits who do n't speak any german and are n't qualified already ca n't work in austria . 
  so in my mind there wo n't be a major difference . 
  these requirements are presumably in place to ensure that immigrants to austria meet the needs of austria ? 
  in which case , they strike me as very sensible . 
  i 'm sure that most european countries will have similar sensible policies in relation to british immigrants to ensure that the needs of the relevant host nation are met . 
  of course , once the uk leaves the eu , those britons who have something to contribute will be able to work elsewhere . 
  those britons who ca n't contribute elsewhere really should n't be moving abroad to drain other places . 
  really ? 
  why latin ? 
  the uk tends not to be isolationist . 
  leaving the eu would ( hopefully ) encourage the uk to seek strong trading and diplomatic alliances with as much of the free/liberal/democratic world as possible . 
  i think this vision for britain is very possible . 
   there 's no will for it in the rest of the uk . 
  actually , you 'd be surprised . 
  the rest of the uk does n't want to micromanage scotland . 
  [ there is already legislation going through on scottish borrowing / taxation , which is presumably what lots of scots ( who do n't want independence ) want ? ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-26245684 ) . 
  [ the labour party has also talked about further powers going to scotland . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/mar/18/labour-promises-energise-devolution-scotland-independence ) what 's not to like ? 
   if not , i guess i 'll be looking to emigrate sharpish before the borders close . 
  to where ? 
  which borders will be closing ? 
   so most scots voted for neither the conservatives nor the lib dems ?!, 
  yes . 
  but most scots also did n't vote for labour . 
  or the snp . 
  or the greens . 
  however , scotland is getting a chance to decide whether or not they want to continue in the uk later this year . 
  and after that , they can stop complaining :-)  i doubt it .
