  i 'm always slightly surprised at arguments that the process is somehow more important than the people . 
  the process is for the people , not the other way round . 
  if the people are n't interested in the process , our first thought must be that the process was wrong , rather than thinking that the people were wrong . 
   and that is an argument how ? 
  is there like a set % at which a position like this needs a democratically backed mandate ? 
  no , there is no set percentage . 
  obviously , someone elected when the electorate know who that person is has more democratic legitimacy than someone `` elected '' , when most of the electorate had not heard of that person . 
  i would have thought this argument was uncontroversial . 
   is n't this an argument for picking junker as it gives voters a bigger sense of empowerment and incentive to vote and for the media to give it attention ? 
  no , the fact that the electorate had not heard of juncker is not an argument for picking juncker . 
  an argument for picking juncker would be that people had heard of him . 
  most voters are n't complaining about the result of the eu vote , they are just not interested . 
  they wo n't complain if juncker becomes head of the commission , just as they wo n't complain if angelina jolie becomes head of the commission . 
  i 'm saying that we ca n't blame the electorate for this lack of interest , or necessarily blame anyone . 
  does it actually matter that they are not interested ? 
   but it was n't exactly a secret , there were elections for the eu parliament , the eu parliament is organized into fractions , and those fractions all supported a candidate and campaigned for them . 
  it was n't a secret , but most europeans were not interested in it anyway . 
   sure , the uk press mostly chose to ignore all that , but at some point it 's the voters ' own fault for not informing themselves . 
  personally i do n't believe that the voters can be at fault . 
  in my mind the voters are always right . 
   thanks . 
  that 's disheartening . 
  but still i 'd say that 's the fault of the voters , not the media . 
  there was no newspaper or tv station here with no talk about the eu candidates . 
  which makes it even more sad . 
  personally i do n't believe that the voters can be at `` fault '' . 
  in my mind the voters are always right !, 
  saying that voters are at fault , [ reminds me a bit of the brecht solution : if the voters are wrong , why do n't we change them ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/geraldwarner/10013326/the_people_got_it_wrong_so_brechts_law_applies_change_the_people/ ) ? 
  yes , but we do n't know how each mep will vote . 
  for example , the uk labour party have confirmed that they will vote against juncker . 
   uh , there was plenty of news about the 5 big candidates and juncker was pretty well known as the probable winner . 
  in france polling suggests that roughly a quarter of the french electorate knew he was one of the candidates . 
   that 's a chicken and egg problem perhaps some people want the election to be entirely conclusive next time . 
  in this case , we should change the treaty to reflect that want . 
  personally i would vote against that treaty change . 
  edit - spelling :(, 
   what is the point of selecting a candidate which the parliament wo n't approve ? 
  at the time the council select a candidate , they do n't know how the parliament will vote . 
  [ according to polling ] ( http://www.aecr.eu/media/aecramr-european-election-poll.pdf ) , in germany 44 per cent of voters had heard of juncker . 
   it 's a mute argument `` moot '' rather than `` mute '' . 
  :-)  in brussels , actually , the european service mentality is a very real factor . 
  in my mind this service mentality that you describe would mean that a lowering of costs would not lead to an increase in corruption . 
  people that have public service as a motivating factor should be less likely to become more corrupt if they are being paid less . 
   it 's just that to make that the biggest thing to solve in the eu is ridiculous . 
  there are certainly many other things that are much higher on the list , i quite agree . 
   we will not become part of the eu , we will continue to be a part . 
  unfortunately , this does not describe exactly how it will work . 
  ruk will continue to be part of the eu and not go through any accession process . 
  iscotland will go through an accession process and join as a new member and also negotiate treaty obligations and so forth . 
   that either the council selects the parliaments majority candidate , or the council selects their own candidate according to the results . 
  i think that the treaty can only be interpreted as giving the council wiggle room . 
  i do n't think the treaty can be interpreted as requiring the council to select the parliamentary majority candidate . 
  otherwise , there would be no point in having them involved at all . 
   thats how it always is in ` federal ' politics . 
  i do n't think this is really the case . 
  in us presidential elections , when people vote , they are meaningfully thinking about who they want in the white house and also thinking about federal issues . 
  however the negotiations go , this does not change the position under international law or eu law that scotland will automoatically become part of the eu when it becomes independent . 
  that 's the question i was answering . 
   it would be paternalistic now to change everything just to save uk people from themselves . 
  many thanks for the concern , but i do n't think we really need saving from ourselves :-) . 
  we are ( and will be ) fine !, 
  the huge number of italians coming to live and work in the uk is enough proof for me in this regard ... 
   is that a fault of the eu , or a fault of national politics and the media ? 
  i do n't think it is a question of `` fault '' that most of the eu electorate had heard of juncker . 
  i do n't think it is bad that they have not heard of him . 
  i am fine with people not being interested in him . 
   the bbc decided to put it on bbc parliament . 
  given that the debate was entirely irrelevant to anyone but a small minority of the uk population ( ukip and the conservatives belong to groups not involved in the debate and labour did not endorse schulz , mention the eu in any significant way in their manifesto and told schulz not to come to the uk to campaign ) , this decision by the bbc strikes me as the correct one . 
   but do n't you think its better this way rather than appointing the commissioner behind closed doors ? 
  i 'm somewhat in two minds about this . 
  my starting point is that the rule of law should prevail and that the treaty of the eu , which gives co-decision to the council and the parliament , should be respected . 
  if we wanted to remove the council from that process , what we should do is amend the treaty ( and respect the wishes of the electorates of the member states who might not want this ) . 
  also , i 'm not sure if even changing the treaty to remove the council from the process would satisfy me . 
  the majority of the electorate in the eu vote in relation to local issues rather than eu issues , did not follow the debates and were not in any meaningful sense making a vote for juncker . 
  thus i 'm not sure if it really makes sense to argue that removing the council from the process is an improvement . 
   yeah , i was wondering also . 
  uk citizens never cast a vote for cameron , they just voted for his party and it reached the majority in parliament , right ? 
  the big difference is that voters in the uk , when voting , had heard of cameron . 
  the vast majority of voters in the eu elections do not know who juncker is . 
   they tested this on a lot of developing countries i 'm not disagreeing with you that this might have been tested , but has this ever been tested on developed countries ? 
  many eu member states are perceived to be among the least corrupt in the world : i 'm therefore not sure that tests on developed countries are the best evidence for what would happen in the eu if the costs of parliament were reduced . 
  are there not examples of developed countries that lower the cost of parliament that do n't experience an increase in corruption ? 
   if a state or an organization values public goods , sensitive data and individual situations in the hands of public officials , it has to calculate the perfect combination of salaries to avoid damage . 
  even if we think that in the eu lower costs of parliament would lead to more corruption , what makes us convinced that we are currently at the perfect combination ? 
  is this something that the public are expected to take as an article of faith ? 
  no , the break-up of the former ussr provides a better parallel , in which russia was the continuing state and the other former soviet republics , e.g. 
  ukraine were new states . 
  the majority of cases in the 20th century demonstrate that continuity of one state rather than dissolution is the norm . 
  significant examples include the uk/ireland , british india , malaysia/singapore , pakistan / bangladesh , ethiopia/eritrea , serbia/montenegro and sudan/south sudan . 
  czech and slovakia were roughly equal in populiation size , which is n't the case for ruk and iscotland . 
  that was a relatively unusual case . 
  the difference is that in the private sector , if people do n't make money they go out of business . 
  thus the money-making objective coincides with the desire to produce a product that the people who pay for that product want . 
  in the public sector , these two things are much less linked . 
  it is therefore important that people in the public sector also have a public service motive in a way that it is n't so important in the private sector . 
  dude , yes , i do have to ask why lowering funding to an institution with lots of funding increases corruption because this really is n't obvious to me . 
  there are vastly different levels of corruption in different places in the world and political corruption is not something that is considered remotely acceptable where i am from , even if it is where you are . 
  the attitude that we think that some level of corruption is inevitable in the ep is deeply worrying . 
  when considering how much to pay the ep , we really should not say we should n't be trying to reduce costs because it might increase corruption , we should consider these two issues entirely separately . 
  my second question was not facetious - even if people do accept that we need to pay the ep money partly to ensure they wo n't be corrupt ( which i do n't ) what makes us so sure that we have currently fixed that money at the right amount ?
