  i am too proud to go on benefits unless i had to . 
  if i became incapacitated from work and no longer had savings then i would go on benefits . 
  but for me it would be a last resort . 
  just losing my job would not be enough . 
  it is also a political conviction . 
  i do n't believe that others should pay taxes to give me benefits when i am ( a ) wealthy because i have savings and ( b ) could easily get a job to clean toilets . 
   presumably as a lawyer you pay tax and national insurance . . you 're fully entitled to claim when you 're out of work , that is literally what jsa is for . 
  i do pay tax and national insurance . 
  but , i do n't believe that people should claim benefits if they do n't need them . 
  i actually was out of work for a while a few years back and i did n't claim benefits . 
  i lived off savings . 
  also , during that time i could have got a job to clean toilets ( had i needed to or wanted to ) . 
  given that i technically did not need benefits i do n't think it would have been right to take them . 
   you are n't going to suddenly develop a 40 a day habit and have twenty kids and start buying clothes down the market i hope !, 
  both britain and france see germany as somewhat superior in terms of economics . 
  both britain and france still see themselves as somewhat superior to germany geopolitically and in terms of global influence and international diplomacy ( party because of history , partly because of their militaries and unsc position , partly because of links with former colonies , partly because germany is hestitant to project power ) . 
   an out of work doctor/engineer/teacher should n't be allowed to turn down a job cleaning toilets ? 
  i 'm a lawyer and if i lost my job i would take a job cleaning toilets rather than accept benefits . 
  i agree with / r/hrodland , people on benefits ( no matter what their skills are ) should not be able to turn down jobs that they are able to do . 
  in britain the idea behind the welfare state was `` need '' rather than `` contribution '' . 
  british people are able to get welfare if they need it , whether or not they have contributed . 
  this means that everyone in the eu who comes to britain can get welfare on the same basis . 
  the british idea behind welfare is starting to change though . 
  it really is impossible to see the monarch and parliament in conflict in the uk . 
  the moment there is a conflict , the will of parliament is likely to prevail . 
  i agree with your earlier point : there is no real point changing the constitution here, 
   wait , all you have to do to get welfare from germany is show up ? 
  that 's insane !, 
  yes , this is the case in britain too . 
  you get money just for being in the uk . 
  also , your children get money ( even if they are home in slovenia ) . 
   funnily enough i only notice the stereotype of french/uk rivalry on the internet . 
  maybe it 's different in the uk but in the parisian area at least there 's a great deal of respect and friendship for our britannic friends . 
  even jokes are n't too common , compared to the belgian/french jokes that seem much more habitual . 
  i actually think uk/french rivalry is real , but for us brits rivalry and dismissive jokes about france is our ( confusing ) way of showing respect , friendship and admiration . 
  neither france or britain really think of germany or italy as being our equals . 
  france and the uk have too much in common to be able to really criticise each other . 
  a strong france is in britain 's interests , just as a strong britain is in france 's interests . 
  just as long as the strength stays roughly equal . 
   i seem to be doing nothing . 
  apologies - that 's what / u/luages seems to be doing . 
  my point is that that in some cases it is appropriate to be calling scotland a country and in others not . 
  and the bbc seem to be on the money . 
   tl ; dr even the british acknowledge the greatness of france  we see you as an equal ( and our only equal ) . 
   on the page linked by the op bbc lists countries where uk is listed as a whole , not the separate countries that are part of uk . 
  this was the reason behind my original comment . 
  no , on that page under the `` guide to the uk '' tab , separate countries within the uk are listed . 
  the word `` country '' can be used in a variety of ways . 
  sometimes it is used synonymously with `` sovereign state '' and when used in such a way , scotland is not a country . 
  when used in a looser way ( and granted this useage is more widespread ) then obviously scotland is a country . 
  in any case , i fail to understand / u/luages 's comment about the bbc 's information about scotland - and it is this comment i was taking issue with . 
   / u/luages disagreed with the bbc saying that scotland was n't a country . 
  it is this disagreement that i disagreed with . 
  for / u/luages 's post to make sense , s/he must have been meaning `` country '' as a concept under international law . 
  you and i sound like we are in agreement . 
   the point i was making that even though people think that scotland is not a country , this is incorrect . 
  scotland is not a sovereign country , however we have our own legal system , defined borders and a devolved parliament . 
  the uk is a union which did not cancel scotland 's status a country . 
  and in what way is the bbc 's information incorrect ? 
   scotland is a country in the uk , albeit not a sovereign one . 
  and in what respect is the info on the bbc incorrect ? 
   no , it 's not what everyone thinks and your building your premise off of a false definition of the word country i.e. 
  you seem to be labouring under the assumption that all countries must be sovereign . 
  my post was in response to a poster that said that the bbc do not think scotland are a country . 
  given that the bbc do ( quite obviously ) think scotland are a country ( by the definition you use ) i assumed that the poster i was responding to was using the word `` country '' in a different way . 
   the ons , the british government , the scottish government , the international organisation for standards , the oed , the people of scotland , the eu , and probably many more groups of people and institutions call it a country . 
  in fact , contrary to your assertion , the bbc does think scotland is a country . 
  their style guide uses that terminology as do many of their articles . 
  it 's not me that asserted that the bbc do n't consider scotland as a `` country '' . 
   here 's the thing . 
  scotland is a separate country from england . 
  a large number want scotland to be a sovereign country . 
  scotland , england , wales , and northern ireland are countries within the country of the uk of gb and ni . 
  they may , in effect , be similar to other organisational structures which use different names but that does n't mean they have to use those names . 
  and in what way is the bbc 's presentation of this information incorrect ? 
   question . 
  do you quibble that the us states are not states but , i do n't know , regions because state can sometimes refer to independent countries ( e.g. 
  member states of the eu or ` statecraft ' ? 
  no , probably not . 
  it 's not difficult to accept that a word can have more than one meaning . 
  in fact , it 's common practice . 
  that you ca n't wrap your head around it is , well , flabbergasting . 
  yes , of course words can have more than one meaning . 
  i 'm not criticising the bbc 's use of one of the meanings of the word `` country '' though , am i ? 
  that 's what you seem to be doing . 
   scotland falls under the realms of country in legal definitions as well . 
  here 's the wiki because i do n't have time to get out any of my old textbooks , but even the first line there states ( ha ) : i do n't disagree with what you have written , but i still fail to see what relevance this has in terms of what the bbc has written about scotland . 
   there 's no such thing as uk law . 
  scotland has its own proud noble and distinct legal system going back a rather long time . 
  you are correct that uk law does not exist per se , there is a body of statute that applies across the uk in a single fashion ( e.g. 
  tax , labour law etc ) and there is also a body of uk constitutional law and the existence of scotland is recognised under that uk constitutional law ( though not under public international law ) . 
  this is a semantic question then , rather than a substantive question . 
  if you take the view that as a matter of semantics `` country '' does not equate to `` state under international law '' , then scotland might fall within your definition of country . 
  ( [ incidentally , i see that the bbc in its description of the uk , uses `` country '' in this way and refers to scotland as a country . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-18023389 ) ) if you take the view that as a matter of semantics `` country '' means a `` state under international law '' , then obviously scotland is not a country . 
  however , in either case i 'm not really sure how one can find fault with the way that the bbc is presenting the constitutional / legal / historical information about scotland 's status ... 
  the uk does not fit neatly into the definition of `` nation state '' , differently from , say , france . 
  in the uk there is n't really an alignment with the political idea of the state with the cultural/historical idea of a nation : england and scotland have always seen themselves as differernt nations even while seeing themselves as a single state . 
   last time i said that i got downvoted to hell , so beware . 
   i really do n't think i have said anything controversial ...
