  my position is simply that the uk should not be part of it . 
  other countries can do as they see fit . 
   as the article says , you 're using nominal gdp and the pound 's appreciation plays a a large role in the changes in that category . 
  the pound 's current level is correct against the euro , and is not likely to change given the massive quantitative easing programme that the ecb has embarked on . 
  the pound was low against the euro a few years ago because the uk was doing quantitative easing early . 
  the current pound euro exchange rate is back to what it was prior to the financial crisis . 
   ppp-adjusted gdp is arguably a better way to measure economic clout . 
  we will see what the figures are for ppp-adjusted gdp for 2014 when they come out . 
   i `` need '' to do nothing . 
  obviously , you as an individual are free to do what you like . 
  however , people that want the eurozone to be successful need to accept that much further political integration and huge fiscal transfers are necessary . 
  whether people are really prepared for that or not is the great unanswered question . 
  we need to ask it though . 
   uh what ? 
  i do n't mean that a monetary union and a fiscal union are literally the same thing . 
  i mean that a monetary union ( where there is no optimum currency area ) can not work without a fiscal union . 
   it will take decades to turn the ez into a fiscal union . 
  if it ever happens . 
  obviously , the fiscal union and the currency union should have been created at the same time . 
  as an alternative , the fiscal union could have been created before the currency union . 
  you do not have decades to do this . 
  you likely have few years before things get really messy . 
   i know for a fact people here will not accept italian politics . 
  so will italy accept our politics ? 
  more importantly , will they accept being lectured by us for a longer period ? 
  ( they essentially already are being lectured ) for the eurozone to succeed it is time to stop talking about italian politics and dutch politics , just as we have stopped talking about lira and guilder . 
  you need to accept that the only relevant discussion is eurozone politics . 
  if you think that dutch people and italian people are not able to share a joint politics , then quite obviously they should not be sharing a joint currency . 
  if you think that they can share a joint politics , you need to work out how to get those joint political structures in place and you need to do it pronto . 
   those are the most recently publicized data . 
  no , you gave data for the end of 2013 . 
  i am not arguing that the uk 's gdp was larger than france 's at the end of 2013 . 
  at that time france 's gdp was larger than the uk 's . 
  [ i am making an argument about now and for this we need to look at the most recent data . 
  this is the data from the european commission 's website . 
  brits and french can relax that we are both important , but wtf , ukraine is also important ? 
  do n't worry , poles also have not forgiven the uk for ww2 either . 
  i do n't think they will ever forgive us . 
  where in the good friday agreement does it say the uk has to stay in the eu ? 
  the uk leaving the eu does not of itself create a need for a border . 
  also , the uk population should not vote in a particular way under threat of violence and intimidation . 
  as for the uk leaving the island , that is covered by the good friday agreement . 
  as someone with irish and english blood i am keen it is followed . 
  the irish people can do what they like , vote the way they like . 
  nobody is being dictated . 
  obviously , if brussels dictates to ireland that ireland must put up a wall , that would be a shame for everyone . 
  let 's just hope brussels does not force ireland to do that . 
  as for a hard border - ever gone from norway to sweden ? 
   brexit will impact on northern ireland . 
  only if brussels insists that ireland puts up a border . 
  obviously , nobody in ireland or the uk wants that . 
   tell me , have you spent anytime in that benighted corner ? 
  not in the last five years . 
  however , my sister 's husband is from there and i have other relatives there . 
  my grandmother is from cork and i have many cousins there . 
  my grandfather is from glasgow ( but his parents were from northern ireland ) . 
  none of us want brussels to force ireland to put up a wall . 
   the uk created the situation in the north . 
  that was n't brussels . 
  it was the uk that supported the sectarian stormount government , not brussels . 
  these things have nothing whatsoever to do with brexit . 
   the uk is setting a flame to the fuse in northern ireland . 
  no , we 're about to have a referendum on how we want to be governed . 
  this is a good thing in a democracy . 
  everyone from northern ireland can vote too . 
  obviously , it would be very sad if brussels forced ireland to put up a border . 
  let 's hope that brussels does not do this . 
   unfortunately whatever travel restrictions the uk put up against eu citizens ireland will have to enforce reciprocal restrictions . 
  the uk is n't going to put in place travel restrictions , just work restrictions . 
  also , the uk can of course treat different eu citizens differently . 
   all preexisting eu irish and uk arrangements will be affected by a uk withdrawal from the bloc . 
  any exemptions given to irish citizens will have to given to all eu citizens . 
  only if ireland decides that . 
  the uk will continue to give exemptions to irish citizens . 
  ireland can of course continue to allow brits to vote in your national elections as this is a competence you have not yet given to brussels . 
  obviously , if you decide to give this competence to brussels , then it will be the choice of brussels . 
   schengen will replace the existing common travel area obviously , this is a choice that ireland can make . 
  i would be surprised if ireland made this choice , but if ireland does decide to pull out of the common travel area , then as an independent country it is free to do so . 
   the onus will be on the uk to police its border if it wants to restrict eu migration into the uk via ireland . 
  it 's unavoidable . 
  the right to travel to the uk is not the same as the right to work in the uk . 
  the uk will continue to give all eu citizens the right to travel to the uk and it will continue to give irish citizens the right to work in the uk . 
   the real material impact of brexit will be its impact on the good friday agreement . 
  any escalation of paramilitary violence could have serious consequences for both the uk and the irish republic . 
  and this is why we must hope that brussels does not force ireland to put up a wall . 
  of course brussels is insane , but not that insane . 
   i still have a question . 
  in the second image ( individualism vs collectivism ) sweden and denmark have the highest scores , and a.o. 
  portugal and bulgaria have the lowest scores . 
  actually , uk has higher individualism scores than sweden and denmark . 
  the only countries in the world with as high individualism scores as uk are aus/nz/usa / can . 
  ireland is high , but not anglosphere high . 
   after all the talk about immigration from the eu driving the brexit camp why would n't they follow through in isolating themselves against the eu ? 
  find a single voice from the uk wanting a wall up with ireland . 
  a single one . 
  the point about immigration is simply to have a fair immigration policy where we treat immigrants the same regardless of passport . 
  however , the irish will continue to be able to travel to the uk without a passport , work in the uk , vote in uk elections , fight in the british army and not even be foreigners under uk law . 
  of course , the uk can not stop brussels forcing ireland to put up a border , but from the uk side that would be a terrible shame . 
   the reimposition of border controls could undermine the good friday agreement which was drafted in the understanding that ni would be allowed to evolved independent of dublin and london but brexit would insert a harder border than the existing one . 
  the uk would n't put a border up .
