  there will be many people who will be very angry by these changes , calls for further referendums ( especially in england ) , which i think will be rejected . 
  there is a chance that there constitutional changes will end up causing the break up of the uk anyway . 
  - constitutional debate provokes further constitutional debate , there will be calls to change the voting system , reform the house of lords , pull out of the eu , pull out of the echr , change the boundaries etc etc. 
  ** implications for scotland and ruk ( and elsewhere ) in the event of a `` yes '' vote '' ** - there will be some people in scotland who claim that the no camp was robbed - the arguments will continue for years . 
  - i 'd say 25 % chance that david cameron resigns on friday and a further 25 % chance that the conservative party get rid of him either on friday or within a week . 
  i do n't think this will cause an early general election though . 
  - there is a small chance that there will be a run on the pound and a stock market collapse , that could potentially cause massive financial stability across the globe and particularly the eurozone . 
  - there is a larger chance that there will be a small run on the pound , without significant financial implications elsewhere ( other than spain ) but a lot of money leaves scotland and comes to ruk , causing a gigantic blame game in scotland . 
  westminster will just say `` we told you so and it is no longer our problem '' . 
  - the ruk government will make an announcement on friday morning that it will not enter into any currency union with iscotland but confirm to the bond markets that it will guarantee all existing debt and that it expects iscotland to pay its share , - iscotland will quickly give up any requests for a currency union ( as these requests will become embarrassing ) and confirm that it plans to set up a new currency , initally pegged to the pound , with a view to joining the euro as soon as possible . 
  there will be anger among some scots at this . 
  - ruk will say that it fully supports iscotland 's eu membership on an accession basis , to coincide with iscotland 's indpendence . 
  it will try and ensure that iscotland stays out of schengen ( and this will also by iscotland 's position ) . 
  the eu will accept this . 
  - the price of spanish debt will go up considerably . 
  the calls for a catalan referendum will be intense , there may be violence and protests . 
  spain will find ways to slow down iscotland 's accession and try and insist that scotland is outside the eu briefly . 
  there will be gigantic rows across the eu about this . 
  i think that in the end the eu will come down on the side of scotland , but this is by no means certain . 
  - there will be sudden and dramatic seccessionist movements in various parts of the world , everyone will think that if the uk can break up , anywhere can . 
  it is very hard to predict these developments . 
  - iscotland and ruk will reach an agreement under which iscotland joins nato and ruk uses iscotland as a base for nuclear weapons . 
  some scots will complain massively , some english will too . 
  iscotland and ruk will continue to maintain a largely unified military . 
   where were the ordinary people of rotherham , where were the police , the community , the doctors , the teachers , the parents basically anyone these kids could go to for help failed them . 
  these are the difficult questions . 
  essentially something terribly wrong has happened to some parts of british society . 
  but nobody can agree what , or what to do about it . 
   the english really are good , throughout the centuries , at being able to really fuck with the castillians without even trying . 
  bff . 
  if scotland votes independence , then of course england keeps the anglo-portguese alliance , so that we can keep trolling castilla together ... 
  personally i do n't blame the bondholders ( many of whom turn out to be pension funds , thus everyone with a pension ... ) . 
  in a democracy , when things go wrong the people to blame are the people responsible for legislation and economic policies . 
  these are the people we elect - our governments . 
  british cuisine has a reputation all over the world ... * maybe not for the right reasons ... *, 
   if they regulate their banking sector responsibly the ecb is effectively the regulator for eurozone banks now ( and in fact all non eurozone countries other than uk , sweden and czech have opted into banking union ) . 
  nobody knows who will regulate scotland 's banking sector or which banks will still be there to regulate ( given announcements by royal bank of scotland etc ) . 
  will it be the uk , which would make sense if there is a poundzone ? 
  but , will ecb regulation be a requirement for scotland as an accession state , required to take on the entire aquis ? 
  or will scotland create its own regulators ? 
  as with all divorces , the only people that get rich are the lawyers . 
   while it can be argued whether ireland is a northern country or not , it did not manage the new currency wisely . 
  i think it should be learned from that experience . 
  i agree that ireland did not do great . 
  however , part of the irish problem was that their economy is closely coupled to the uk economy ( meaning that their interest rates should have been similar to uk interest rates rather than german interest rates , which meant that their boom was bigger than it should have been ) and also that they have a massive banking sector ( which when it crashes , crashes badly ) . 
  both these things will likely apply to scotland in the same way . 
  what ireland really screwed up was its state guarantee of the debts of all irish financial institutions ( without knowing the size of those debts ) . 
  however , there is some speculation that ireland was pressurised into doing this by the ecb and the european commission . 
  i 've no idea whether or not this is true . 
  i suppose the difference now is that the eu is putting in place a banking union and progressed other regulatory developments . 
   poland is not a northern country , it is an eastern country . 
  i 'm not going to comment on whether poland is eastern or central , but ireland is definitely northern ( and western ) !, 
  haha !, 
  do n't give anyone ideas ... 
   what was a disaster for greece , italy and spain could be a boon to scotland if managed wisely . 
  there is this northern county called ireland that had the mother of all economic collapses ... 
  this is what scotland are worried about - not greece , portugal , italy and spain . 
   as i said , i do n't know the details of the scottish plan , so i ca n't comment . 
  it sounds like you know the details as well as anyone . 
  the plan is to get a currency union . 
  if ruk refuses , there are a number of different potential plans , but which one scotland will go for has not been confirmed ( on the basis that this would tie scotland 's hand in future negotiations with ruk ) . 
   no but you can contest that no institutions in other countries have a similar quality . 
  despite your european flag , i think we can all see immediately which country you are from , cher meilleur ennemi ... ;-), 
   i guess that makes sense but i ca n't imagine it would annoy anybody up here but the ignorant . 
  in the case of a no vote it could help to ease tensions a little bit . 
  i kind of agree with you - it should not be a difficult issue either in scotland or elsewhere in the uk . 
  in reality the correct time to deal with this was when devolution first happened , under the labour government 's watch . 
  it is also somewhat surprising that a constitutional convention did not arise naturally . 
  i think it will be a priority in the event of a no vote . 
   hmm , i think i understand , thanks . 
  this is the uk constitution we 're talking . 
  nobody really understands it !, 
  the more you look at it the more confusing it becomes ... 
   it 's obviously unfair and i do n't know why the conservatives have n't attempted to deal with it while in power . 
  they have n't dealt with it because of the referendum . 
  i think that makes sense , do n't upset the apple cart before the referendum . 
  it will be dealt with next week . 
   actually it 's going so well that i 'm going to have to leave the country with both my bachelor 's degree and my master 's in medical science . 
  you know , i could make a fortune if i stayed in spain but ... 
  i 'd rather be humble lad and let others take that wealth . 
  where are you going ? 
  cambridge undergrad and have to say that the quality of teaching was incredible . 
  on reflection i did not really make the most of it and spent too much time away from the library !, 
  ( i was born in oxford so can always get a boatrace winner ... ), 
   not that the grand old english universities are n't really good . 
  `` british '' rather than `` english '' is appropriate here . 
  edinburgh , glasgow and st andrews and others are fine , fine , institutions and fully merit their strong positions in this ranking . 
  they get the lingua franca and the prestige in the same way that oxford , cambridge , ucl , lse , icl , bristol and durham do . 
  cambridge  oxford . 
  after this i stopped reading the list . 
  oh how we laughed !, 
   why do i often see people call isis members brainwashed ? 
  why do you think it 's not just their own honest ( retarded ) worldview ? 
  i think because of her age , her gender , her beauty , people might want to give her the benefit of the doubt and cast her as a victim rather than as a culprit . 
  it might well be the case that this is not her considered and mature world view , but an opinion based on relationships she has had with particularly influential individuals and so forth . 
  perhaps `` brainwashing '' is too strong for this kind of influence , but it is likely that some people were involved in encouraging her to be radicalised . 
  but , what do i know about all this ... :-(, 
   but scotland would just continue to use the pound for some time , and then join the euro . 
  i think it is more likely that they will set up a new currency that is pegged to the pound ( but it is uncertain ) . 
  it is harder to know if they will join the euro - scots are very anti-euro at the moment , but perhaps that might change after independence .
