  however , perhaps she wants to go now while labour are in disarray and to give her a big majority and the ability to push through big changes . 
   what is there to understand ? 
  the war in iraq did not cause isis and did not cause the migration crisis . 
   brexit and trump will fuck the uk and the usa big time tho , it seams there is some kind of justice afterall . 
  both the uk and the us continue to grow quicker and have lower unemployment than france . 
  this is one of the reasons why so many productive french people want to leave france and come to the uk . 
   that do n't make any sense whatsoever as the uk had free-trade within the eu and the eu is worked / as signed fta with canada , the usa , japan but whatever , good riddance . 
  just do n't come asking for a free-trade deal now tho . 
  if the eu believes in free trade , than it believes in free trade with the uk . 
  this is why the eu is keen to put in place a new free trade agreement with the uk . 
   your country is responsible for the death of a million muslim in irak along with the american and your acts in this part of the world created isis which is the source of the migrant crisis . 
  this is not true . 
  you have no understanding of the middle east . 
   just wait for tarrifs and quotas , they 'll come soon enough . 
  you are right , the eu is very protectionist . 
  this is why we had to leave . 
  we believe in free trade . 
  the uk did not kill a million muslims . 
  the uk did not cause the migrant crisis . 
  the uk 's economy is not screwed , we continue to have higher economic growth and lower unemployment than france . 
  how much does france give in international aid ? 
  i believe that there is n't a significant turnout differential depending on age in france compared to other countries . 
   in germany , we have centuries of immigration from other european countries . 
  as does the uk . 
   the anglosphere is based on ethnicity . 
  the brexitters do n't want european immigrants because we are too brown , but they do n't mind immigrants from the opposite side of the globe as long as they are white . 
  please - enough of your hatred and bigoted nonsense . 
  nobody in the uk thinks europeans are too brown . 
  this would be an inspiring thing for corbyn ... 
  wait until you elect melenchon ... , 
   most irishs would like to have their island for themself . 
  they do n't want british in northern ireland and defenetly do n't need the brexit , which they never asked for , to revive violence there . 
  the irish government has been extremely clear that they want to maintain the common travel area . 
  fortunately brussels has no power to stop it as it is the right of the irish government to get want it wants here . 
   that 's the problem with the uk , when you 're all about selfishness , that can work agains ' t yourself . 
  the uk is giving 0.7 % of gdp to international aid . 
  france is n't . 
  because the government get to do what the people tell them to do . 
  the key is that i am simply stating what the irish government 's position . 
  there were cabinet members and ministers who campaigned for leave . 
  there are already customs between sweden and norway . 
  it takes almost no time at all . 
  that is not a hard border . 
  the uk and ireland will likely make it even easier . 
  judge the uk by the actions and words of the uk government . 
  read the actual text of the uk government 's article 50 letter and other government statements . 
  it is completely obvious that the uk is not playing rough . 
  this article is a non-story . 
  of course the eba and ema will leave london . 
  who care about the timing ? 
  this is a detail . 
  we really are not trying to keep them . 
  i 'm a bit surprised that the eu has already worked out where to put them , that 's all !, 
  yeah - same usually in the uk , we start really getting most results between 2 and 4 in the morning . 
  i wonder if they count the results in polling stations in turkey ? 
  here we count in different places from where people vote . 
  the border between ireland and the uk will be like the border between norway and sweden or the one between france and switzerland . 
  the fact that the uk will be outside the single market is not relevant to this . 
  the single market acquis does not relate to crossing borders . 
  the irish government wants to retain the common travel area with the uk . 
  you should listen to the irish government on this . 
  they know more about it than you do . 
  everything is possible if the political will is there . 
  the conservative party was officially neutral during the referendum campaign . 
  there were individual tories on both sides of the argument . 
  no - the queen is part of parliament . 
  she has to sign all laws . 
  neither norway nor switzerland is in the customs union , hence there is a customs border . 
  the uk 's one will be a bit like the norway/sweden one . 
  being in the single market is not relevant . 
  i was curious about this . 
  in the uk it takes longer because they verify the votes before they count them . 
  maybe in turkey they do n't do the verification ? 
  it is n't a dictatorship . 
  the uk has been a democracy for hundreds of years . 
  we already know that the uk system works . 
  there is no point speculating on what could happen - simply focus on what actually happens . 
  the basic rule of the uk 's constitution is that parliament is sovereign . 
  if you have a parliamentary majority you can do anything without limits . 
  theresa may is more popular than david cameron for one thing . 
  she seems more normal than him . 
  the same way tariffs are enforced across switzerland or norway , ie no hard border . 
  you can not ask for ireland to put up a hard border . 
  and you wo n't . 
  the eu has already accepted ireland 's position here . 
  you do n't get to order ireland around . 
   because you keep repeating something does n't make it true . 
  you can not force ireland to do something it does not want to do and is not within your power . 
  the very fact that you want to force ireland , a sovereign country , to do something it does not want to do is very worrying . 
   do you remember when all your politicians kept saying they would keep access to the single-market the uk will have access to the single market . 
  all countries do . 
  the eu can not force ireland to impose a hard border though . 
  this is ireland 's choice . 
  the eu can not force ireland to end the common travel area . 
  please accept that this is a decision for ireland . 
   how are they meant to know if what they read is accurate or not ? 
  you can not simply rely on consumers to make that judgment . 
  there is no requirement for things to be accurate before you publish things , that is called having freedom of expression and a free press . 
  for example , you could if you wanted write now something that is not accurate and i could read it . 
  but it should of course be entirely within your write to do so .
