  the only differences are the kinds of brexit they want . 
   yes , perhaps to somewhere like frankfurt or milan there is zero chance whatsoever of milan becoming a global financial centre that is anything like london ... 
   the legitimacy of brexit is a moot point . 
  the legitimacy derives from the referendum result . 
  that was further enhanced when our elected representatives passed legislation giving the pm power to trigger article 50 . 
  it will be even further enhanced when parties promising brexit get an overwhelming mandate at the general election in a few weeks . 
   i checked other polling from the this period and this is an outlier poll . 
  it is n't really an outlier even . 
  it is just not statistically different from the other polls . 
  given the number of polls and margin of error and the finely balanced public opinion and sampling size it is statistically likely that a poll at some stage showed a remain lead . 
  what it does not show is a statistically significant change to opinion . 
   i was n't having a dig at brexiters ( i 'm remain , not remoan  ) , but it is the truth . 
  a small sect are the ultra-english lot . 
  i know you 're not part of that . 
  i agree that it is a small sect . 
  unfortunately it is in the interests of the snp and some of those who want to reverse the brexit referendum result here to exaggerate the size and importance of that sect . 
  the only times i cheer against the scots is during the rugby and even then i sometimes find myself cheering for them by mistake , 
  just because your government ignores your citizens when you have a referendum does not mean our government should do the same . 
   lol you 're just a troll really . 
  the entire principle behind free trade is that it is free . 
  i agree that it is for the irish court to decide whether or not the irish rules of procedure are such for them to decide that ireland is an appropriate forum for this case . 
  however , i think that there are good grounds for the irish court to decide that this is simply a british citizen deciding to circumvent the uk courts in relation to a matter that is primarily relevant for the uk . 
  if an irish citizen were bringing the case , of course the analysis would be very different . 
   in reality brexit should hurt both entities in the long run unless extraordinary statesmanship is displayed ( by either eu or uk ) to capitalize on opportunities . 
  i think it will help both because it will force them both to consider making radical changes and consider what went wrong . 
  i am therefore optimistic . 
   you are confusing everything . 
  the customs union means everyone share the same trade deals with everyone else , which they do n't . 
  the fact that switzerland has trade deals with other countries is exactly why there is a customs border between switzerland and france . 
  there has to be a customs border because the rates of tariff that switzerland has with china are different from rates of tariff that france has with china . 
   but they are also part of the single-market which explain why goods get in and out freely between them and the eu . 
  but goods can come in to norway from other countries and these can not pass into sweden without going through a customs border . 
   that 's just wishful thinking . 
  nobody ever said that , you 're acting like trump with merkel . 
  maybe you 'll understand it better the 11th times read the draft guidelines from the eu . 
  the eu wants a free trade deal with the uk . 
   and it will probably means the uk will have to pay a fee , as other europeans country accessing the single-market . 
  norway and switzerland pay a fee because they are part of the single market . 
  the uk is not part of a single market so of course it wo n't pay a fee . 
  the uk believes in free trade , which means we wo n't pay a fee . 
   i 'm guessing some people are up for a huge disappointment . 
  not really . 
  i do n't think the british people will change our mind on this . 
  the great repeal bill will cover that . 
  this is all going to become entirely academic after the uk general election in june . 
   there are a number of agreements both governments have which may become forfeit due to brexit . 
  therefore it is our business . 
  this court case has not been brought because of those agreements though or by your government . 
  it has been brought by a british person . 
   would it be advisable that we construct a british bill of right to protect all citizen in the uk ? 
  i personally do n't consider it necessary . 
  we already have laws that effectively protect uk citizens and i do n't think there is a need to overhaul that framework . 
   the big prize for uk would be not manufacturing , everybody does that , but rather the access to government procurement . 
  this is so politically charged , that i do n't see it happening with either republicans or democrats in the white house . 
  i agree that procurement is n't easy , but the fact that the uk and us have incredible trust in terms of defence and security with the five eyes pact means that a lot more can be done with things like defence procurement . 
  the other big prize for the uk in relation to the us is services , where the uk has its greatest comparative advantage . 
  the us is a relatively open economy with services , but a fta could open it further . 
   well , the fact that you put your hopes for free trade on an administration that ran on an anti-globalization mandate , tells me that you do n't . 
  i have n't put my hopes for free trade on this . 
  i think the uk should try and put in place free trade arrangements with the entire world , not just the us . 
  whatever the us does , that does not change my view on wanting free trade . 
  while it is true that trump ran on a protectionist ticket , we know that trump can be persuaded to change his mind . 
  we also know that he will not be in the white house forever . 
  we also know that he is not the only person responsible for trade in the us . 
  we also know that trump has an emotional attachment towards the uk . 
  we also know that the uk does not have the kind of economy that would undercut the us on things like manufacturing , so the kinds of concerns that trump has expressed do not apply to the uk . 
  i agree , it is a shame that trump has protectionist instincts . 
  however , the good news is that trump 's positions are not ones that he will necessarily stick to and we know that he can be influenced . 
  we also know that trump is not the only person responsible for ftas within the us political system and we know that the us legislature is not very protectionist . 
   i still do n't know whether the brexiters throw around the `` free trade '' as a buzzword to impress the more susceptible minds , or they actually understand what that means . 
  i know exactly what free trade means , thanks . 
  i am in favour of free trade . 
   echr has jurisdiction in the uk , their judgements absolutely apply to the uk . 
  the uk being party to the european convention on human rights is not the same as saying that the judgments of the european court of human rights have direct effect in the uk . 
  it is an entirely different legal order , without the principles of primacy or direct effect . 
  these are incredibly important differences . 
  they are not minor . 
   my position is that you 're a petulant child , and that it does have similarities and differences to all kinds of arrangements , and that this particular arrangement is both common , in that countries often commit themselves to certain arrangements so that they get bound by them the similarities are that they arise from arrangements between states . 
  however , other international arrangements that the uk is party to have not created an entire new legal order . 
  there is an entire body of eu law , which differs from both uk law and international law . 
  and that new body of eu law has both direct effect in the member states and primacy of their existing laws that is not the case in other international agreements like nato or the un or the wto or many other international arrangements that the uk is party to . 
  as a matter of law , it is entirely different . 
   why do you even care ? 
  you sound like a total troll right now . 
  this is probably my last reply to your nagging . 
  i am a lawyer . 
  i think when we discuss the law , it is important to be precise . 
   except the international court of justice , and the european court of human rights . 
  no , that is not the case . 
  decisions made by the icj do not have direct effect in the uk . 
  judgments by the echr also do not have direct effect in the uk . 
   stop acting like a child . 
  either you agree that the uk has no parallels with other international arrangements or you do n't . 
  what is your position here ? 
   solid argument , well put , convinced me . 
  thanks , it looks like it has convinced you . 
   the uk is still bound by them , so by agreeing to something , they 'd still be agreeing to change their own laws so that the promises the uk makes in the agreement are fulfilled . 
  while i agree that the uk is bound by international agreements , that is completely different from being bound by the eu treaties . 
  no other international arrangement that the uk is party to gives a whole new legal order direct effect into the uk or causes uk acts of parliament to be disapplied . 
   i know it has no parallels , that 's the point , so many different countries , a unique approach is needed if we want close cooperation .
