   what makes you think we wo n't want to join the shengen area ? 
  the jungle in calais and terrorist incidents in the eu makes me think we wo n't want to join the schengen area . 
   and there 's a lot of negative sentiment towards the scottish because of their loud and entitled attitude of the last few years . 
  people are tired of it . 
  i have not seen any polling on this . 
   the chauvinist in me does believe that the italian lifestyle just ca n't be beat anywhere else in the world . 
  i love la dolce vita and il belpaese as much as the next guy , but i have to tell you that my country - this precious stone set in a silver sea - is beautiful too !, 
  :-)  i 'm not joking when i say that there are large swathes of the population earning about $ 800-900 per month and entry level engineers starting out with like $ 1200 per month only to end up earning less than 2k ten years later . 
  i know all about it . 
  so many highly qualified italians selling coffee in london . 
  sad times . 
   the younger generations in the uk are very pro-eu . 
  not enough to bother voting in high numbers in the referendum . 
  they wo n't vote to rejoin because the euro is a shit show and we do n't want to be in schengen among other things . 
   where it 's deemed acceptable for third party nations to march for the splitting of another . 
  it is n't a nation so much as individuals within a nation . 
  i personally think it would be a bit disrespectful to spain and catalonia for me to march in either cause . 
  it just is n't my business and some people there feel passionately about it . 
  equally , i think it is a bit rude of those dutch and germans to march - it is something that is between scotland and the rest of the uk . 
  this is completely not true . 
  the vast majority of people in england , wales and northern ireland would vote for scotland to remain in such a scenario . 
  and do you know what ? 
  the eu is going to keep changing . 
  it is going to have to get more integrated . 
  the uk is no more going to rejoin the eu than swiss , norwegians or icelanders are going to join . 
   if france falls next up is italy . 
  but at that point the union would be already done for . 
  if france votes for le pen , the eu is basically over , i agree . 
  pretty sure she wo n't win though . 
   i envy those who are so certain about their stance on the eu/euro debate for the uk i am very certain that it is best to be out of both . 
  one of the reasons why i think the uk had to leave the eu was because of the euro . 
  the eurozone is not really stable and a huge amount of energy has to go into the next decade to try and make it work . 
  it might not work . 
  i just can not see how it makes sense for the uk to be in the eu if the main focus is going to be making the eurozone work . 
  but italy is in a completely different position from the uk . 
   i just see dark times ahead down both paths , especially for my country . 
  this is incredibly sad . 
  i spent some happy years living in italy and it pains me to see these difficulties . 
  [ i also read some really interesting articles in il fatto quotidiano this weekend about eurozone membership . 
  ] ( http://www.ilfattoquotidiano.it/2017/02/04/euro-restare-o-uscire/3366870/ ) looking at the comments below the line really makes me question italy 's future in the eurozone . 
  people are angry as hell . 
  italian attitudes have changed towards germany very considerably . 
  there is currently intense anger about germany within italian society , which is a really surprising social phenomenon . 
  it arose because of italy 's poor economic performance , germany 's good economic performance and a perception within italy that germany is very dominant within the eu and that italy is harmed by this dominance . 
   no wonder hundreds of thousands of young highly educated italians are leaving the country each year . 
  i know many of them in london . 
  very few of them seem to want to go back ( other than many for retirement ) . 
  it is really sad , because while they seem to mostly like being in london , i get the feeling that a lot of them came not so much because they wanted to be in london but because they felt they had no future in italy . 
   english people keep saying that scotland is a drag on their economy , and that it is not a worthy political partner . 
  i actually have n't seen this comment before and would be interested to see it . 
   many baby boomers have the same views they did when they were young the baby boomers who voted to leave the eu last year were the exact same people who voted to stay in the eec in the 70s . 
  they changed their mind . 
   we have a different view on policy and currency , which is based on our own insterest just like your policies are based on yours . 
  this means you have basically three options : - persuade northern europe to change its policies - suck it up and watch your young people move abroad - get your own currency i have my own view on this . 
  it has been interesting following the italian debate on it , which seems to be changing slowly . 
   it 's that we are incredibly frustrated about our situation . 
  unfortunately for you i can not see any way of resolving this situation . 
  i wish i could , but i ca n't . 
   the uk has been hijacked by right-wing extremists . 
  the british government are extremists ? 
   do we need to spend a shitton of money preparing ourselves for what happens when we go down the path of north korea ? 
  that is exactly what i think . 
  i am glad i am not the only one !, 
   everyone talk shit about our country , but mainly because we let them do it . 
  unfortunately italians have a bit of an inferiority complex . 
  i do n't understand why , because i love italy and rate it really highly . 
  when i lived in italy i got sick of italians shit talking italy ... 
   do the uk politicians generally like trump or not ? 
  they do n't like trump , but they recognise usa is an important ally and that trump was elected in a democratic election . 
  therefore the situation has to be carefully managed . 
   their devoluted powers are no more than a joke . 
  wales has the amount of devolved powers that welsh people want . 
  if welsh people wanted more devolved powers , i would be delighted for them to have them . 
  i personally do not choose a side exactly because i am not from spain or catalonia . 
  i think it is a bit disrespectful to get directly involved and support a particular side . 
   the uk does not have a constitution we do have a constitution , it is just unwritten and evolving . 
   `` huurrrr duurrr all those stupid poor undeducated people !! '', 
  of course . 
  rich people are very angry with poor people about the way poor people voted . 
  rich people specifically told poor people beforehand that staying in the eu was for poor people 's own good . 
  how dare poor people vote in the way that poor people want to vote , rather than doing what they are told by rich people ? 
  and how dare poor people not regret the way they voted !, 
  it is true that only a minority of economists were pro leave . 
  however , in terms of predictions about what would happen after the vote , those that were pro leave have been more accurate . 
   meh part is that there 's garbage everywhere , having been in england where everything is clean let me introduce you to some bits of london , 
  i hope you get paid too . 
  i went there two years ago , very beautiful place . 
  but in truth i prefer the countryside round there to aix itself . 
  aix can be a tiny bit twee , but provence is sublime ( apart from all the brits ... ), 
  yeah , the russians like my work so much that they carried on paying me after the referendum result ( which they attribute primarily to my posts on this sub ) . 
  very few of us believe in no free trade whatsoever and very few of us believe in absolutely unfettered free trade . 
  you and i are both on a political spectrum , perhaps just at different places . 
  we can argue what limitations to place on free trade within our democracy and reach different conclusions . 
  is n't democracy a wonderful thing ? 
   i suspect the price the eu would demand in return for passporting ( or something to a similar effect ) i think what the uk is asking for is ambitious , but would actually be better for the eu too . 
  i agree it is politically a bit unlikely . 
  that is why the uk needs a fall back option . 
   or otherwise the swiss banks would have already exploited them . 
  swiss banks have got round this by having massive london offices . 
  the question of what happens when london and the eu are n't within the same regulatory perimeter is quite a new one .
