  in this case i do n't think there is any practical difference . 
  the fiscal compact remains justiciable using the european court of justice in exactly the same way as it would if the uk had signed up to it . 
   yes , though , the difference here is that the citizens of bootle consent to being outvoted by the citizens of north shropshire and vice versa . 
   have you asked them ? 
  last time i checked there were n't any significant movements in bootle or north shropshire wanting independence from each other . 
   frankly , grants and or eurobonds were a sure thing as soon as the euro rates were fixed ( ie 1999 ) . 
  that 's the only way to counter-act the fact that the exchange rate will become punishing for some countries . 
  you have the same mechanism inside the various countries ( the rich regions that help the poor ones ) , so why not at an european level ? 
  you know the saying `` robbing peter to pay paul '' , right ? 
  peter is just about happy that his money funds paul . 
  but are pieter , peder and per really going to be happy to fund pablo , pavlos and paolo ? 
  that remains to be seen . 
   and why has he blocked the fiscal compact ? 
  cameron did n't block the fiscal compact , the fiscal compact went ahead . 
  the uk did n't sign up to it because there was no protocol allowing the uk to opt out in relation to financial services . 
  however , the uk 's opt out of the fiscal compact is no longer the interesting story here . 
  rather , italy and france apparently want to renegotiate the rules of the fiscal compact . 
  if you support the fiscal compact , its the italians and the french you need to worry about , not the brits !, 
  london is still a bunch of people getting on for the most part , like new york city . 
  however , just like nyc , there are always a few exceptions and it is these exceptions that make the headlines . 
  there were riots related to race in london in the 1990s and there are neo-nazis attacking jews now . 
  things have not got worse in my view . 
  london 's been like this for a long while . 
   i 'm pretty damn shocked this happened in london . 
  should i be ? 
  not really . 
  london is very multicultural and while the vast majority of londoners are happy to co-exist happily with people from other backgrounds , unfortunately not everyone in london is . 
  i 'm not sure if there is anything london can do different to avoid this type of thing happening from time to time . 
  they did n't ignore it , they abtained on the basis that they knew that voting against it would be hugely unpopular . 
   they chose to ignore the vote in the hopes of that happening . 
  the conservatives did n't choose to ignore it . 
  all tory mps voted for it , other than five abstained , two of whom were away from the hofc for family reasons , one of whom chaired the debate , the other two who later said they supported the bill , but were busy doing other things . 
  there really is n't division in the tory party on this . 
   that was mostly playing politics to split the tories in two methinks . 
  the tories were n't split in two though . 
  the tories all voted the same way . 
  the tories are united in this policy . 
   maybe , the whole idea of legislating to bind a future parliament is pretty unconstitutional anyway . 
  legislation that * de jure * bound a future parliament would be unconstitutional . 
  but this legislation does not * de jure * bind a future parliament , it just * de facto * binds a future parliament politically , and there are many examples of this kind of thing . 
  it is much easier politically for the labour party to have policy of not enacting referendum legislation rather than having policy of repealing referendum legislation . 
   labour would just repeal the referendum bill if elected . 
  would they ? 
  [ labour mps did n't vote against the conservative referendum bill last year . ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/1112018/eu-referendum-mps-unanimously-back-bill ) . 
  if they 're not prepared to vote against that bill , i think they 're unlikely to campaign to repeal the legislation . 
   oh yeah , my federalist wet dream/valhalla is n't going to come about any time soon , but i expect them to be more constructive to eu policy than the tories are being . 
  there is a chance that even if the labour party win the 2015 election , that there is still a referendum in 2017 : the conservative party are trying to legislate for it this parliament . 
  there is also one school of thought among uk eusceptics , that it would be good for labour to win the next election . 
  that way the tories will fire cameron and perhaps put in place a real eusceptic and campaign for a brexit . 
   a fast , radical push for the us of e would lead to an even faster exist of the uk and the eventual collapse of the whole construct . 
  is this what eusceptics in germany are hoping for , that the uk leaves the eu ? 
  you 're relying on us to do all the dirty work ... 
   i really hope labour win the next election , so that the uk can play an active part in this . 
  the labour party are not going to play ball either i do n't think . 
  the labour party are voting against juncker and are opposed to joining the euro ever and are against federalism . 
  perhaps they 're not as jihadistly and rabidly eusceptic as the conservatives , but they 're certainly not going to agree to a united states of europe . 
   regarding it 's future relevancy , especially as a single entity in a world of unions , i 'm not so sure . 
  we will see whether in the future the world is full of unions or not . 
  personally i do n't have a deterministic view of history as an inevitable move towards pan-national unions . 
  if anything , recent history has been about moves towards the nation state , rather than the other way round , with democracy meaning that people tend to choose self-determination along national lines rather than surpranational lines . 
  even if the world were to divide into unions , this still does n't mean it makes sense for the uk to be in the eu . 
  the uk can keep good relations with various unions around the world . 
  as for future relevance of the eu ? 
  this is by no means certain . 
  there is a whole lot of history still to be made and a whole lot of people to be convinced , not least the european people themselves . 
   the language ? 
  it is n't just me saying that language is important when it comes to soft power . 
  this is a consensus view in international relations . 
  also , my general point stands . 
  outside the eu , the uk will continue to be relevant . 
   many member states do n't get greater than 50 % participation for their own national parliaments . 
  most member states do get greater than 50 % participation rates in national elections ( most recently , only poland , lithuania and romania have been below the 50 % threshold ) . 
  partipation rates in national elections are higher than in eu elections across the eu . 
   indeed , i 'm pretty sure that the citizens in bootle and those in north shropshire want different things . 
  but that 's precisely why you have a parliament , right ? 
  yes , though , the difference here is that the citizens of bootle consent to being outvoted by the citizens of north shropshire and vice versa . 
  the citizens of bootle and north shropshire , though , are united in not wanting to be outvoted by the citizens of brussles , barcelona or bratizlava : which is really why it no longer makes sense for the uk to be in the eu . 
   of course , if some citizens find it unbearable to live with majority decision , they can and should promote the `` exit option '' . 
  this is certainly something i agree with :-), 
   i 'd rather debate what its citizens want , and the european parliament is the best place to do so . 
  seems like citizens in different places want different things , which is going to be where difficulties increasingly arise . 
  it might move when britain is in the eu , you do realise that ? 
  it is likely that the uk 's economy might fall outside the top ten , but we will see : a lot depends on things like population growth , political systems and so forth . 
  these things are hard to predict . 
  the uk is going to have trade and diplomatic alliances all round the world . 
  also , trading with nations that have different economies/products etc is the whole point of international trade . 
  how are they going to do that ? 
  by not voting ? 
  the uk will do more than just thrive outside the eu : it will flourish and prosper :-), 
  i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  the us and the uk are allies and have similar interests . 
  however , those interests do n't always coincide . 
  a couple of years ago i went cycling in the netherlands for a week and was astonished at the amount of houses that had a flag - in very tasteful discreet ribbons and stuff - outside . 
  i 've also lived in italy where one does n't really see much of the flag and spent time in poland and japan , where there is quite a bit of flag around . 
  the proms is a very specific demographic and really not representative of most of britain and actually there flags from all over the world seem to be present and are welcome - not the eu flag though ... 
  i 've no idea what town you were from , so i ca n't comment on it . 
  however , getting on your bike is overall a good thing . 
  it is far easier and cheaper to move people to jobs than the other way round . 
  also , many parts of the uk are also doing better , including most big cities where unemployment continues to fall . 
  the biggest falls in unemployment in the last couple of years is wales .
