  the swedish krone floats freely against the euro . 
  capital is not flowing out of sweden . 
  if the danish krone unpicked its peg from the euro , it would likely appreciate against the euro rather than depreciate . 
   source ? 
  i 've heard the opposite . 
  this is what a currency peg means though . 
  it would be relatively painless for the danes to let their currency float freely against the euro ( like the british pound of the swedish krone ) . 
  if they were in the euro , this option would no longer be open to them . 
   inflation is under control and the pathetic entrepreneurial are getting their asses burn to be more competitive and export more . 
   change comes with a lot of pain , although , especial to less protected people . 
  i 'm a bit torn here . 
  i agree that reforms and change were much needed . 
  my only worry , though , is that the level of pain at the moment is disproportionate . 
  there is also another worry that with this level of emigration from portugal , a generation of your brightest and best will have left for foreign shores and may never come back . 
  could reforms not have happened in a less painful way ? 
   why are academic historians concerning themselves with `` who is to blame '' to begin with ? 
  sounds like an extremely silly way for intellectuals to approach history . 
  while talking in terms of `` blame '' might be a bit too emotional , talking in terms of what the main causes of a particular consequence is the very business of history . 
  certainly , historians will forever debate whether the only cause for the nazi invasion of poland was nazi policies or whether there were any other factors too . 
  certainly , asking the question is exactly what history is all about . 
   switzerland and norway are out of the eu for very specific reasons unrelated to any i could think of for scotland . 
  what would scotland gain by moving out of the union ? 
  norway has oil , switzerland has banks . 
  scotland , if it played its cards properly , has both oil and banks . 
  it also could have exclusive rights to fish in scottish waters if it were n't in the eu . 
  scotland could do great outside the uk and the eu , just like switzerland and norway are doing great . 
   but he does n't interfere to allow us to vote either , so the point is still valid personally i do n't think jmb should be interfering in this . 
  my own personal view is that if catalans want indepence then they should go through a political process of electing politicians who want a referendum and then they should decide on the basis of a referendum . 
  the rest of spain shold accept that process . 
  ( this is what is happening in the uk with scotland anyway . ), 
  there is no need for jmb to be involved in this . 
   maybe ... but the euro is slowing becoming the world commerce money reference ... so it can \u00b4 t be that bad , can it ? 
  how is having the commerce money reference working out for portugal ? 
   there are many subreddits that would n't really mind some new contributors , / r/eurosceptics is one of them , but it 's true that it might be easier to try your luck here . 
  ultimately i just find it much more interesting to debate with people who disagree with me than people who agree with me . 
  it sounds like this is what he wrote :  the nazi invasion of poland in 1939 `` is correctly presented as a german attack , but what is seldom mentioned is that the poles had been goading germany for some time , so the invasion was in part a response to the polish aggression '' . 
  while this might be a version of history that both you and i disagree with , it is different from your claim :  blamed poland for holocaust personally , while i might disagree with his interpretation of history , i do n't think that what he wrote was so offensive as to mean that he should automatically be suspended from the party . 
  there are plenty of political figures in all kinds of political parties across europe who come out with statements that of a similar level of offence to this one . 
   while i agree that this subreddit is very pro-eu , you can always balance it off by going to / r/eurosceptics , nobody really posts on / r/eurosceptics . 
  what 's the point ? 
  it 's more interesting to be here in the rough and tumble of debate . 
   well , all i know that almost any opinion that has any negative remarks regarding the eu will be down-voted to hell . 
  this really depends actually . 
  when i first joined this sub , that was also my perception . 
  though more recently my experience is that sometimes my eusceptic opinions get lots of upvotes . 
  i agree - there is a euphile majority on this sub and that does somewhat impact voting . 
  i post regularly on here and consider myself an eusceptic . 
  i find that there is a plurality of opinion on here about the eu ( which is why i like to post here ) . 
  there are plenty of other critics of the eu generally or the euro or of other eu policies . 
   i see , does guy who blamed poland for holocaust was also suspended ? 
  [ citation needed ], 
   this sub-reddit has turned into nothing but a pro-european union circle-jerk . 
  you 'd be surprised at how many eusceptics there are who post regularly on this sub . 
  do n't do it , denmark !, 
  do n't do it , please ... 
  so there would have to be a widespread change within the legislation of member states to even allow such a motion to be passed , correct ? 
  the legislative changes required by member states would depend on the constituions and legal systems of each individual member state , but in general terms the changes to legislation would be legally significant and politically very difficult . 
   can someone explain me how a person who blame gays for floods is taken seriously in such a modern country like uk ? 
  farage does not blame gays for floods . 
   why does n't the eu parliament tax member states ' citizens ? 
  honest question , no assumptions . 
  treaty change would be required . 
  the only nation that is really arguing for treaty change right now is uk . 
  i 'm not sure if giving taxes directly to brussels would get through the parliaments/referendums of most member states . 
  yeah - she could also become a uk civil servant or an eu civil servant . 
   how can the eu be democratic if the home country of the comission 's president does n't allow for democracy ? 
  jmb is portuguese , not spanish ... 
   anyway i do n't know what kind of useless degree she got , but the is a big need for say , infographists in europe . 
  if she ca n't get a job she is n't looking enough . 
  sounds like she got a degree in us history . 
  why does n't she go for a career in teaching ? 
  or journalism ? 
  or law ? 
  or marketing / advertising / business development / publishing ? 
  the jobs market in the uk is much better now than it was a couple of years ago . 
  very nature . 
  wow , ireland . 
  many beauty and much stars . 
  such excite . 
   that is n't that it is a safe play . 
  i suspect it is clegg betting the house . 
  i think farage is not really in a position to say `` no '' as he wants either to be in any prime ministerial debates ( or , preferably , to be able to complain bitterly that he has been excluded from them ) . 
  this is a much bigger risk for clegg than it is for farage . 
  if , for example , the outcome of the debate is a seen as a draw , then this still might not translate into votes for clegg at the europeans as pro-euers can still vote labour . 
  but all the anto-euers will be voting for farage at the europeans ... 
   everyone in england seems to support scotland 's right to self-determination . 
  in fact , scottish independence seems to be more popular in england than it is in scoland . 
  hopefully this happens before the european elections . 
   otoh the inherent dislike of nick clegg right now means he might be the wrong person to do this . 
  particularly because he is a pro-european . 
  somebody seen as being `` middle ground '' like david cameron would have more legitimacy maybe ? 
  i do n't see the tory eurosceptics letting david cameron do a debate like this . 
  i suppose that this debate could harm the conservatives in a way that it ca n't really harm the libdems ( and could even help them , as you say ) . 
   at the same time farage is not somebody who has experience in debates like this . 
  he sounds great in the media where he ca n't really be countered . 
  it is in truth a new environment for him against a more experienced opponent . 
  no doubt the hardcore sceptics will resonate with him but those are n't the target anyway . 
  i agree - clegg has more of a track record than farage in this kind of a set-up . 
  farage has experience with `` question time '' formats , but this will be slightly different . 
  exciting times .
