  what is going well is that the british economy is doing great . 
  is there a big increase in rough sleepers ? 
  i have not seen any data on this . 
  the tories do need to get more houses built ( but this is something the last labour government also screwed up . ), 
  both economic growth and low unemployment are primarily attributable to the tories . 
  some of the things that the tories are doing to the welfare state have encouraged more people to come off benefits and go into work . 
  what do you think is going badly ? 
  apart from leading the uk to strong economic growth and low unemployment and leaving the eu ... 
  i meant primarily fiscal union and pooled sovereign debt . 
  brexit wo n't fuck up the economy though . 
  what do you think the remain campaign did wrong ? 
  what could they have done better ? 
  regulate differently ( and better ) than the eu and focus on being the global financial centre basically , maximising on what the uk can leverage ( language , law , connectivity around the globe , stable political system , low taxation ), 
  no , the city of london will flourish outside of the eu . 
   ... says a man from the city of london . 
  not really sure what that has got to do with it . 
  a vote in the city of london is the same as a vote in any part of the uk . 
   the same crowd that voted for brexit would never have gone to war for poland in ww2 , that much is certain . 
  this is total bullshit . 
   as a remain supporter the entire campaign was frustrating . 
  the problem was the not salesmen . 
  the problem was the product . 
  there was no way that britain stronger in europe could have done a better job of selling the eu to the british people . 
  we just did n't want it . 
  polls = lols as we say ... 
  i like it . 
  go large or go home !, 
  that is interesting that you have the last day for a legal poll . 
  in uk we can have legal polls up until any time . 
   a smartass with a british accent who does n't really do anything i 'm available . 
  tax payers . 
  lowering corporation tax will likely mean that there is a greater amount of tax paid as hungary will become an incredibly innovative and dynamic economy . 
   and when are the ump primaries ? 
  the rebranded to call themselves the republicans , because that seems to be a way to win votes these days . 
  i want to take the poor out of paying tax completely . 
  eh , this is a race to the top not a race to the bottom . 
  the aim is not to tax as much as possible , but to tax as little as possible . 
  this is fantastic !, 
  well done , hungary !, 
  the relatively good economy in the uk made us more confident that we can do fine outside the eu . 
  the changes it has done ( e.g. 
  banking union ) are the easy changes . 
  they are necessary , but far more is needed . 
  the article does explain that there is a lot of popular support for the euro ( though neglects to mention that in italy for example it has decreased ) . 
  what the article does not explain is whether there is popular support for making the changes necessary for the euro zone to be successful ( i.e. 
  fiscal union ) . 
  we all saw the godfather movies . 
  i guess this means that we ca n't go to war with france again , but other than that this is good news and shows that both france and uk are taking defence seriously . 
  it also shows all the remoaners that collaboration is completely possible outside the eu . 
   almost two thirds of people unable to name the current prime minister . 
  out of interest do you believe that almost two thirds of people in the uk are unable to name the current pm ? 
  do you consider that data to be remotely credible ? 
  i do n't believe that data . 
  i also note that the source of that data is not part of the british polling council ( and , annoyingly , i could not find the underlying data anywhere , to properly look at it ) . 
  however , it also appears that the source of the data is a money saving website , which did not weigh the data . 
   i have to urge you , respectfully , never to say that to an irish person in real life . 
  i love ireland and irish people . 
  i think it is exciting for ireland that the uk is leaving the eu . 
  this is a wonderful and exciting opportunity for you . 
  you should enjoy it and relish it . 
   i thought you must learn either german and french far more schools offer french i think . 
  not that anyone in the uk ends up being able to speak it . 
  yeah , it is n't new , but this map sort of shows it in a way i had not previously thought about it . 
  this map kind of shows how the accession of cee countries really screwed over the french . 
  suddenly the german language and german geographic position and german way of doing things became much more important relative to the french . 
  hahah thanks !, 
   three quarters of people ` can not name their local mp ' . 
  but do n't worry , i know you do n't plan on applying the same argument there . 
  the difference is that almost everyone in the uk can name a few mps , most would be able to name may , corbyn and a few others even if they do n't follow politics at all . 
  most eu citizens could not name any meps at all . 
   the uk 's exit will cause much more turbulence for ireland than any other source currently in play or on the horizon . 
  this is ultimately good for ireland 's democracy . 
  you 're an independent country and are now , for the first time ever , going to have to ask yourselves some difficult questions about what you want to do with that independence . 
  this is a fantastic opportunity . 
   what makes you say that out of curiosity ? 
  when ireland joined the then eec it joined very much on the uk 's coattails , partly because the irish economy ( and irish culture and law etc ) was so entwined with the uk 's . 
  within the eu ireland has often followed a similar position to the uk 's in all kinds of policy issues , but ireland has often hidden behind the uk 's louder voice and veto . 
  now that the uk is leaving , ireland will no longer be able to do that . 
  in a certain sense , ireland will have to argue all kinds of things on its own without the uk ( because on a range of questions , ireland will be on its own ) . 
  in a certain way , ireland is now going to be much more independent of the uk in a real way than it has previously been . 
  the other interesting thing is that ireland and irish people follow the uk extremely closely . 
  the irish have followed the brexit debate far closer than any other eu country . 
  irish people will know better than anyone how brexit is working out . 
  even though i am not expecting this to lead to calls for an hibernexit ( or whatever it is called ) it will undoubtedly lead to interesting discussions among irish people about what ireland wants out of the eu and where ireland fits into the eu . 
  i have already seen these kinds of articles in irish newspapers which were never there before the brexit debate . 
  this can only be a good thing . 
   but you have n't argued anything yet but low turnout as proof that it is n't democratic actually , this was not my only argument and is n't my only argument . 
  i have also pointed out that there is no paneu media commenting on eu business or holding parliamentarians to account ( which is necessary for an effective democracy ) . 
  i have also pointed out that hardly anyone knows the names of any eu parliamentarians ( which indicates how removed they are from the parliament and also is indicative of an inability to hold them to account ) . 
  there are also other points - e.g. 
  the fact that people voting in the eu parliament tend to vote on the basis of national issues ( and consider the eu elections to be second order national votes ) . 
   oh , i know !, 
  everything is fine , fine , fine , and you 're glad , glad , glad . 
  the scare stories did not materialise . 
  which would you prefer , uk unemployment to be falling and the economy to be growing ? 
  or would you prefer the opposite ? 
  surely we are both glad , glad , glad . 
   says the source of the turbulence carelessly . 
  ireland is responsible for itself . 
  ireland is a mature democracy and can decide its own future .
