  it 's a horrible idea and it 's causing problems for brits as well . 
  nobody is forced to come to the uk though . 
  they choose to come , in their hundreds of thousands , every year , to take advantages of everything that the uk offers : the language , the job market , the friendly open culture , the culture and the history , the insanely high prices , the crappy weather and food . 
  if you want this deal you have to accept all of it , including the lack of id cards , because this is important to brits . 
  it does n't seem to put people off coming . 
  the lack of id cards has a long tradition in our national consciousness : it is part of our tradition of civil liberties , jury trials , no written constitution , common law rather than civil law , policemen not carrying firearms , westminster system of governance and so forth . 
   what freedom exactly do you get ? 
  i get the freedom of knowing that i am not required by the state to own an id card . 
  i value this . 
  perhaps we have different values ? 
  anyway , all this is entirely irrelevant to the diacussion about france 's problems with calais . 
  this is not a british problem any more than it is an austrian problem . 
   i have lived in london and vienna and i have seen both sides as well . 
  i have lived in the uk and milan : the amount of random extra bureaucracy i faced in italy , a country with id cards , was extraordinary . 
  however , part of this is associated with moving country . 
  and a country 's systems should be primarily aimed to suit the citizens of that country , not foreigners . 
   things registration in austria gives you : super easy to open bank accounts very few checks on anything , a single document to proof your address simple school registration , automated voter registration automatic access to digital signatures and document mail delivery easy to call a key service and proof to them that you belong into the house you want to open . 
  none of those things exist in the uk . 
  we do n't need id for these things mainly . 
  for registering for school , voting etc , you do n't need any id whatsoever . 
  i have never had any inconvenience whatsoever from lack of id in the uk . 
   if you move to the uk , proving your address is ridiculously complicated . 
  people do n't give you bank accounts because they are afraid you leave your address . 
  you ca n't get credit cards unless you have been resident in a place for long enough that you were registered there as a voter . 
  you need to ask individual organizations how to proof your address because there is no standardized method . 
  name changes are a pain and in practice , you need a deed poll . 
  i do n't think that the uk should change a fundamental thing like id just for people who want to move to the uk . 
  perhaps it was inconvenient for you ? 
  it did not stop you coming and it does not stop hundreds of thousands of people wanting to come to the uk every year . 
   there is zero advantage of not having an id card . 
  and do n't come with something about surveillance ; the uk lost any trust there . 
  perhaps you do n't place value in not having state id cards , but i do . 
  i like the freedom . 
  no , they would still want to go to the uk even if we had id cards . 
  that is just one of the reasons . 
  the main reason is the job situation in the uk compared to france . 
  even if france scrapped id cards , they would not want to stay there . 
  we do n't like id cards . 
  they do n't make things easier . 
  i encounter zero problems in the uk never taking id with me anywhere . 
  the problem of calais is in france , a country with id cards . 
  the problem is not in the uk , a country without them . 
  wow : national rebirth of poland , england division , sounds kinda crazy ... 
  when it comes to getting satire , the uk and ireland are in the baest category , usa is less baest while france and germany mostest worstest . 
  wow , the uk and russia are now engaged in full on trolling of each other ... 
  yeah , the uk is a very desirable country because we do n't have id cards , we have the english language and we have a very good employment situation . 
  but do you know what ? 
  we like the uk like this and we do n't want to change these things . 
  i love the way there are no id cards in the uk and you ca n't just get stopped by the police . 
  we should n't change this and make the uk worse ( in our eyes ) just because france has a problem . 
  the uk 's solution to this , controlling our borders , is the correct one . 
  it is a shame that france does not control french borders . 
   basically the migrants do n't want to live in france , they 're only there because it 's the fastest way to get to the uk , the uk does n't cooperate with us , the state has failed to provide adequate solutions , refugees are suffering , inhabitants are suffering , truck drivers are suffering , the police is n't doing shit , far-right movements are on the rise and people snap left and right . 
  the uk does co-operate , but there is a limit to what the uk can and should do to solve a french problem . 
  to the extent these migrants are asylum seekers , france should sort its shit out . 
  to the extent these migrants are illegal immigrants , france should sort its shit out . 
  just because france no longer controls its borders , this is no reason why the uk should n't . 
  in the uk there are no time limits on benefits . 
  you get them forever ... 
  i 'm finding the 2 % figure for the uk higher than expected . 
  two percent of people in the uk ca n't be russians , right ? 
  i am guessing that a lot of the balts and poles and ukrainians etc in the uk can also speak russian ... 
  london here . 
  the eclipse was a bit of a disappointment . . from my own ( unscientific ) peering into the skies , i was unable to spot any difference from a normal london cloudy morning whatsoever . 
  londoners looking into the sky were n't able to see the sun : * plus \u00e7a change , plus c'est la m\u00eame chose * ... 
  however , at around 9:30 the amount of people standing still outside on the pavements in small groups , in the squares , on the bridges , leaning out of windows was somewhat extraordinary . 
  people never normally stand still in london . 
  i guess this memory will be what i take away ... 
   and the placed their muppet papademos in order to transfer the greek debt to uk law . 
  english law , not uk law . 
  when it comes to finance and debts etc , there is no uk law . 
  the laws of england and scotland are different . 
  english law is widely used for international debt . 
   this then makes it possible that the very same politicians who demand ` rule britannia ! ', 
  when faced with a political union in no thanks , we do n't want a union with your country . 
  we 're watching how it is working out with the currency right now and its not pretty . 
  we 'd rather have our own national democracy thanks . 
  good luck with demanding more austerity from greece !, 
  so it 's true , eesti is now openly talking shit about latvia and lithuania to other people ... ? 
   the only thing different between the uk and mainland western-europe is the language . 
  what is the difference between uk and nz ? 
  however close brits are to french and germans , we are closer to new zealanders ... 
  being in the eu for more than 40 years did not change this basic fact . 
   i had countless spanish people explaining to me how good my life was under soviet union . 
  wow - how do you respond to them ? 
   if they lift sanctions , we should stop all payments to these regions . 
  no more development aid for these poorer european countries , no more emergency loans , no more cohesion funds , fuck all of them then if we 're going on that path . 
  personally i think that the uk should just sanction russia whatever the rest of the eu does . 
  sanctions work best if there are as many parties involved as possible . 
  but there are also principled reasons for sanctions and those principled reasons did n't go away just because they became annoying for some european countries . 
  in relation to cohesion funds and emergency loans , those should generally be stopped anyway . 
  the uk should use its money for the ( many ) poorer regions within the uk . 
  and any spare money should go to the real poor in the world , where there are real emergenices , e.g. 
  the recovery in west africa after the ebola crisis . 
  did the eurozone just collapse and everyone start using the pound without me noticing ? 
   such countries as cyprus , italy , greece , hungary , slovakia , austria , and spain are ready to abandon sanctions against russia ...  at the same time , there are a number of eu countries , whose leaders actively advocate the continuation and intensification of restrictions against russia . 
  among them are poland , great britain , and the baltic countries . 
  as always with the eu , there is one key massive question that will be fundamental to what happens to eu sanctions on russia . 
  what does merkel think ? 
  agreed , within the eurozone you ca n't really have national democracy any more as we see now with greece .
