  i am old enough to remember the danish no vote to the maastricht treaty in 1992 - i can remember that when the results were announced my father started cheering . 
  this referendum caused a massive debate in the uk house of commons , it significantly embolded the eusceptic backbenchers in john major 's conservative government which were the key people who secured the uk 's opt out from the single currency . 
  had denmark voted yes , history might have been very different . 
  the danish no vote to the euro referendum in 2000 further cemented the uk 's position ( it was one of the reasons why tony blair did not hold a referendum in the uk ) . 
  us eusceptics across the north sea will be following this referendum very closely . 
  i am glad london hosted 2012 . 
  i loved it . 
  not really any downsides ... 
   the blackfoots we do n't say blackfoots . 
  we also say `` pieds-noirs '' . 
  lol ... 
  yes , it is insane to share borders with countries with totally different rules to your country on things like weapons , whether migrants can come in etc. 
  this is why the uk was right to stay out of schengen and should stay out for always . 
  this is basically sticking a finger up at southern europe , eastern europe ... 
  not wonderful but not terrible ... 
   there 's globalization of course , like everybody else . 
  globalisation is an opportunity not a problem . 
  markets are far greater for what we produce . 
  we just need to find the right things to produce . 
   2008 's service crisis has nearly been lethal for the uk we should probably continue to focus on our services sector . 
  we have a comparative advantage with services in a way that we do n't with manufacturing . 
   and then eu has found fun to add a massive austerity dose , just for lol . 
  the uk luckily refused to agree to this and has an opt out . 
  yes , though the german fertility rate is even lower . 
  the aim is surely not to bring back industries that have left for china . 
  france will never be able to compete with china in certain industries , because china can pay their workers much less . 
  the aim is to allow new industries to develop . 
  if the uk and germany can do this , why not france ? 
  any citation to the rejection please ? 
   at this point i 'm wondering what exactly italy is doing in the eu : the euro is too strong a currency for our needs , european fiscal pacts restrict our ability to use fiscal policy for growth , and now foreign ministers are talking of scrapping open borders as well . 
  i agree with the points you are making , however , it is interesting to note that despite these things euscepticism does not seem to be as advanced in italy as it is in many other parts of europe . 
  italians love to complain about the euro , but i think italians still have an idealistic belief in the eu ( which brits for example do n't really have ) . 
  by whom ? 
   an organization where even moldova , azerbaijan , turkey , russia and ukraine are part of ? 
  the fact that countries with terrible human rights are part of a regime tells you something about how successful that regime is . 
  this seems a bit surprising . 
  when france intervened in libya ( which was of crucial importance to france ) germany even abstained at the unsc . 
  clearly the relationship can not be that important . 
  this just goes to show how relative the concept of human rights is . 
  human rights are different in different countries . 
  the uk does not have a tradition of secularism , so presumably wearing a veil is a human right in the uk . 
  however , it is not a human right in france . 
  with this kind of judgment , the entire notion of human rights becomes relative . 
  yes , that 's right . 
  the first poster wrote :  well , if the french go in with ground troops we pretty much have to go along . 
  i do n't think that is right . 
  surely there are more conditions . 
  germany does not do all wars that france does . 
  these are reasons why germany would only go to war if its close allies wanted it to . 
  however , they are not reasons for automatically germany going to war if its close allies wanted it to . 
  the first poster indicated that france going to war was a sufficient condition . 
  surely there must be other conditions too ? 
  his polling has been weak , but it is not clear if he ever had much support . 
  it is a combination of fertility rates and net immigration rates . 
  if we consider the last 20 years as a whole the uk has had both higher immigration rates and higher fertility rates than germany . 
   i do n't think it would be wise to put boots on the ground independently without coordination , and unilateral military action does n't exactly enjoy great popularity in germany . 
  i 'm not suggesting that germany put boots on the ground independently or that germany engages in unilateral military action . 
  the person i responded to wrote :  well , if the french go in with ground troops we pretty much have to go along . 
  to say no would be a massive break in the most important relation in the eu . 
  i do n't think this is right . 
  germany 's reasons for a war should not simply be `` france says so '' . 
  germany does not just have to do a war just because france is doing it . 
  surely there should be an independent analysis ? 
  i suspect the uk will join the syrian war against isis by the end of next week . 
  cameron 's statement in the house of commons today was strong and considered ( and i am someone generally critical of cameron ) . 
  i think the uk government have done extensive homework on why uk involvement is necessary , legal and i think a majority of the british public accept this . 
  it is not right for the uk to rely on france and usa without the uk contributing its share . 
  this puts corbyn in a very difficult position . 
  corbyn is against this war , but his shadow cabinet seem to mostly disagree . 
  this could bring corbyn down . 
   in the uk you see it all over the place , with muslims , sikhs , ... uk is not constitutionally secular , unlike france . 
  the head of the uk state is also head of the chuch of england . 
  the uk has bishops in parliament . 
  people wearing turbans and headscarves are a normal part of state employment and also a normal part of private sector employment . 
   that 's literally half of the net migration of germany in 2014 , which was 676,730 people . 
  germany and the uk have very different demographics . 
  germany 's current population is basically the same as it was 20 years ago . 
  the uk 's is much higher . 
   let 's not degrade into strawman arguments . 
  do you think that there are any problems with the current level of immigration ? 
   well , if the french go in with ground troops we pretty much have to go along . 
  to say no would be a massive break in the most important relation in the eu . 
  surely the reasons for germany going in would be independent of france going in ? 
  should n't germany do its own independent analysis ? 
  if you do n't think immigration has any problems in the uk , why are there any limits on immigration to the uk at all ? 
  why do n't we just let anyone come . 
  just build more houses !, 
   and opting out of things that might turn bad which things that might turn bad did your country opt into ? 
  to me it does n't make sense to want your country to opt into things that might turn bad . 
  why would any country do this ? 
  the `` not bowing deeply enough '' is not really that interesting , i agree . 
  however , multiple other of their policies are extreme ( within british politics ) . 
  also , their presentation is really poor . 
  the day after the terrorist attacks in paris , corbyn was asked about the use of deadly force against terrorists . 
  this should really be a simple question for a politician . 
  you can simply say `` protection of innocent british people and the defence of the realm is of paramount importance and where those things are at risk use of deadly force is a necessity '' . 
  somehow corbyn was not able to answer this question clearly . 
  this is a nightmare for the labour party . 
  they will get rid of corbyn in a number of weeks now i think . 
   then i propose the eu stops funding poland the eu should stop funding poland because it makes no sense generally .
