  so did canada not get good terms with the eu ? 
  this is something that the general public in most of britain do care about a lot , so i think and hope that we will make the step backwards again quickly . 
   but hey , it 's not my country . 
  in belgium do n't the police carry firearms as a matter of course ? 
  what do the belgian public think about that ? 
  in most of the uk the police are not carrying firearms as a matter of course , which is a position i support . 
  however , it seems like the scottish government is behind the decision of the scottish police for a limited number of police to be authorised to carry firearms while on routine patrol . 
  i do n't think that the ecb will think about quantitive easing until next year . 
  they will wait and see if the negative interest rate move ( and other moves ) have any impact . 
  so i think italy still has quite a bit more of high debt , low growth , low inflation and more and more unemployment for many more months . 
  on a more positive note , it is very easy to come and work in the uk at the moment as more jobs are being created than ever before . 
  it seems like a lot of italians are doing that . 
   but is n't the eu for countries to band together to gain leverage in the world market ? 
  if canada can get leverage in the world market ( as this whole thread shows ) than the uk , which has a larger economy than canada , can too . 
  countries like switzerland already have free trade agreements with a number of countries in the world . 
  if switzerland can do this outside the eu , so can the uk . 
  i 'd like the uk to be able to make its own free trade agreements with other countries in the world . 
  if the uk manages to leave the eu , i am sure that canada and the uk will become natural partners in relation to trade and various other issues . 
   the eu does not prevent it 's member-states from making bilateral treaties . 
  yes , it does . 
  inside the eu the uk can not make free trade agreements with other countries . 
  ( one of the reasons for euscepticism in the uk . ), 
   i think canada would have preferred to have a canada-uk fta a long time ago . 
  this is also something that the uk would have wanted a long time ago . 
   i 'm all for a referendum too but a la australian style because let 's face it ; pro-euers are n't necessarily riled up to vote because vote-abstaining can be a tacit form of approval unlike those advocating withdrawal which requires a proactive response . 
  i do n't think that non-voting is tacit approval . 
  if you approve of the uk being part of the eu then obviously you are going to vote in the referendum about it . 
  there will be a gigantic media debate and anyone remotely interested in politics will follow it and i expect turn-out would be high . 
  we do n't have obligatory voting for local elections , eu elections , general elections , we have not had it for any other referendum , so i do n't think this should be any different . 
  i guess that 's why its important to have a referendum . 
  `` figures for second-quarter gross domestic product released on wednesday showed italy 's economy shrank 0.2 per cent , its second consecutive quarter of negative growth . 
  italy only briefly emerged from a deep two-year recession in the final quarter of 2013 . 
  the data will pile pressure on prime minister matteo renzi to enact a reform programme that will have an impact on the real economy . 
  critics have accused mr renzi of being caught up in showcase reforms , such as a battle over a reform of the senate but having failed to implement real reform , such as labour reform and an overhaul of bureaucracy . 
  `` italy is stuck in stagnation and has been stuck in stagnation for a year after eight quarters of recession , '' said francesco daveri , an italian economist . 
  `` this raises the urgency for renzi to deliver , that means that he has to deliver on the economy side and make real reforms , '' mr daveri told the financial times . '', 
  there is going to be big fall-out from this speech in the conservative party and the waves are going to be felt across the eu . 
  i agree it makes sense to ignore if possible . 
  however , i would prefer that the decision over what to do should be one that is made by the government of gibraltar rather than the government of the uk , if possible . 
  i was more thinking that `` invincible '' was a bit of a strong word to describe france after ww1 . 
  [ we will see ... ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/11012916/boris-johnson-britain-will-be-great-and-glorious-outside-the-eu.html ), 
   the victory in ww1 saw france considered invincible , having led the allied forces under marshal foch , and having sacrificed the most men in the war amongst the victors ( so that excludes russia ) . 
  at the time , france was not only the main continental victor , but also was at its peak when it comes to a colonial empire * clears throat *, 
  who knows : perhaps the new golden age of great britain is just around the corner ... 
  i have a lot of love for 1760 onwards i guess . 
  the so-called pax britannica : the period from the defeat of napoleon in 1815 to the outbreak of the first world war in europe in 1914 . 
  in this period , partly thanks to britain 's royal navy which was unrivalled , britain was able to dominate global trade and create the world 's largest ever empire . 
  britain 's policy towards europe at this time was to maintain the balance of power in which no power on continental europe ( france , prussia , austria-hungary , russia , ottoman empire ... ) was able to dominate the other powers . 
   i congratulate portugal with a bold policy . 
  me too - this looks extremely sensible policy by portugal . 
  rather than characterising this as a race to the bottom it looks like race to the top to me . 
  it 's the pensioners who win from this after all . 
  i want the uk to leave the eu because the eu is not globalised enough . 
  why too late ? 
  law is not going away ... !, 
  you 're more than welcome . 
  never again , let us hope . 
   with the uk out of the eu , london is no more attractive than new york , zurich , or geneva for european financing except for time zone issues with wall st. frankfurt could easily take on the european financing within the single market . 
  finance is a fickle industry , after all . 
  the main financial centres in the world are london , new york , singapore and hong kong . 
  what these have in common is legal system ( english law and its derivatives ) and english language . 
  frankfurt does not have these . 
  frankfurt is not really able to just re-create london just like that , if it could it already would . 
  [ a report is going to come out later this week which apparently will argue that london would be better off out of the eu than staying in an unreformed eu ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11008167/boris-to-raise-questions-over-britains-eu-membership.html ) . 
  we will see if the uk succeeds in getting the reforms done from within or not . 
   but why would the uk have greater leverage negotiating a sweetheart deal from outside the union ? 
  the combined gdp of the remaining 27 states is much larger than the uk . 
  the current uk 's starting point it to renegotiate a relationship within the eu . 
  the uk does have leverage here and juncker is already committed to a renegotiation . 
  many eu governments do not want the uk to leave . 
  ther extent to which they will want to renegotiate remains uncertain . 
  obviously , outside the eu the uk will still have some kind of relationship with the eu . 
  the gdp of the reu is larger than the uk 's gdp , but the uk is growing faster than the reu and the uk also has a large net deficit with the reu . 
   not to mention the big `` if '' if scotland leaves and a lot of the oil revenue dries up . 
  this is a possibility , but currently it is looking like scotland will not vote to leave the uk . 
  the oil is already drying up . 
  ( the uk needs to get serious about fracking ... )  i just fail to see how it would work out to have a better deal for the uk for the specific issues they are complaining about . 
  in my view it will be a much better arrangement , because i want the uk parliament to be sovereign over uk laws . 
   or why the eu would particularly trust any deal especially after a `` screw you guys '' vote breaking the last set of agreements . 
  the vote will not break any agreements . 
  the agreements already contain within them the ability for a country to leave the eu . 
  obviously , all divorces involve some pain . 
  but it will be in the interests of both parties to create a new relationship after the divorce . 
   well , the us is the second largest single market in the world . 
  canada gets in on that action as well via nafta . 
  australia is heavily resources based through mining exports . 
  new zeland is an australia based economy . 
  and the uk is home to the global financial centre and with historic connections to much of the globe is well-placed to put in place trade deals with the rest of the globe and embrace global trade . 
   part of the rules of having access to the european single market is allowing the free movement of labor within that market . 
  the uk would n't be nearly as wealthy without the access to the eu market . 
  obviously , if the uk leaves the eu , there will be a new relationship put in place between the uk and the eu . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market after all . 
   nobody denies this and the only solution anti-eu folks are providing is a switzerland or norway style deal which would be much worse by basically saying the uk still needs to follow eu rules ( including free movement of labor ) but does n't get a seat at the table . 
  everything is up for negotiation and there are a range of potential outcomes that are hard to predict - [ see this paper for an interesting discussion about them ] ( http://www.iea.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/files/brexit%20entry%20170_final_bio_web.pdf ) . 
  switzerland , norway and turkey all have different relationships with the eu single market from each other . 
  the us is in the process of negotiating a trade agreement with the eu . 
  the uk can and should try and negotiate its own relationship with the eu - the uk is already a special case , as it is not in the euro or in schengen . 
   how can they calculatie the consequences of eu reforms if it is n't clear what those reforms exactly are to be ? 
  the report has not yet been published and i believe it is due for publication later this week . 
  once it is published we will be able to consider how robust and sensible its assumptions are .
