   which you already have . 
  no , comprehensive free trade agreements are a competence of the eu and not member states . 
   so the reason for you to leave the eu is that you are the opinion , that e.g. 
  india will buy your products when you leave the eu and stop buying from e.g. 
  belgium , what they prefer so far ? 
  i 'm not sure how much you understand about international trade , but it is n't `` india '' ( or countries ) doing most of the buying , it is `` indians and indian corporations '' ( i.e. 
  private entities ) . 
  my main reason for leaving the eu is not the trade advantages we will get through leaving , but the democratic advantages . 
   why ? 
  i ca n't speak for most people , but i personally want a referendum because i want the uk to leave the eu and i think a referendum is the best way of making the decision . 
   a brazen , bald-faced lie . 
  give us some concretes right here and now . 
  ability to control our own laws ( thus enhancing the democratic process ) , greater control of our own finances ( thus able to spend our money on our own national priorities ) an ability to enhance free trade ( e.g. 
  reduce tariffs on african agriculture ) and an ability to put in place trade agreements with the economies of the future . 
  separately , i find your tone unnecessarily aggressive . 
  please take this opportunity to remind your self of the rules of the sub . 
   ... with a vested interest in making you vote their way a `` vested interest '' implies that they will gain something from a `` leave '' vote . 
  this is a bit misleading . 
  they are simply campaigning for a leave vote , but do n't have a vested interest in it . 
   their way instead of the international body whose job description is long-term macro-economics ? 
  this does not mean that the imf are correct . 
  as it happens , we should acknowledge the occasions on which the imf have been incorrect in their claims . 
   so you will built the uk economy on fishing right and difference in domestic trade ? 
  no , of course not . 
  i was simply pointing out that your claim was not accurate . 
   i thought you want to stop immigration no , personally i am in favour of liberalising immigration somewhat . 
   have better trade deals with china , india , usa and the rest of the world ? 
  this is of course desirable . 
   while italy 's big problems is `` just '' the banking sector . 
  i think italy 's problem is not just the banking sector . 
  italy has had very weak economic growth for many years now . 
  italy also has a problem that many talented people move abroad for work . 
   from whom exactly ? 
  have look at swiss and norway , they are not in the eu but they accept eu law norway is outside a lot of the aquis , including for example cfp , cap etc. 
  switzerland does not accept eu law in relation to its own domestic trade . 
   all major parties are firmly behind remaining . 
  you can keep repeating this claim , but it keeps being wrong . 
  [ the conservative party are neutral . 
  ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2015/09/cchq-will-remain-neutral-during-eu-referendum-campaign/ ) ukip are for leave . 
  i 'm not disputing your data , which is much more accurate than the claim of the person i responded to , which was an incorrect claim . 
   if you go by votes then votes for parties that officially support remain still exceed parties that officially support leave by far . 
  and this is why it is important to have a referendum on the question where what matters is the votes of individuals on the specific issue . 
   why are even having this silly referendum again ? 
  because most people want one . 
   stand to gain nothing from leaving the eu , lose substantially from leaving the eu , and for what reason ? 
  we will gain massively from leaving the eu . 
   do i really need to godwin the thread here to illustrate how popular opinion based on sentiment rather than fact and reason is a massively stupid idea ? 
  no , you need to simply accept that your initial claim , that all major parties are behind the remain campaign , was either a deliberate lie or ignorance . 
   the conservative party are not neutral on the eu . 
  fuck 's sake mate , that 's a telegraph article . 
  at least link something impartial . 
  dude , try and do some basic research . 
  [ there are multiple sources . 
  ] ( http://www.conservativehome.com/thetorydiary/2015/09/the-conservative-party-board-has-agreed-cchq-resources-will-be-kept-neutral-in-the-referendum.html ), 
   bloody right . 
  why is this even happening again ? 
  because a majority of british people , when polled , have been clear that they want a referendum . 
  because a majority of british people in the last general election voted for parties campaigning for a referendum . 
  because the vast majority of elected parliamentarians specifically voted in the house of commons for legislation for it to take place . 
   and the ukip party is , as ever , the party of the vile . 
  we are talking about major parties here . 
  in the last general election , ukip received the third most votes of any uk political party . 
   both labour and conservative parties are behind staying in the euro . 
  the uk is not in the euro . 
  [ the conservative party are neutral on the eu . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/11880864/conservative-party-to-stay-neutral-during-eu-referendum.html ), 
  voteleave is not a party but a campaigning group . 
   all major parties are firmly behind the stay campaign . 
  you did n't know ? 
  no worries . 
  how are you defining major party ? 
  the party that got the most votes in the last general election is neutral . 
  the party that got the third most votes in for leave . 
  in that case i think it makes sense to call this ceremonial clothes rather than traditional ... 
  but i take your point . 
  same with england . 
  this is basically people dressing up in medieval clothes . 
  nobody has worn clothes like that in england for centuries unless they are involved in theatre or something . 
  northern irish and scottish banks and northern irish and scottish governments want to continue to allow for issuance of local notes . 
  why on earth would it make sense to stop this ? 
  the status quo works . 
   have you ever tried spending northern ireland sterling notes in england ? 
  get your sterling zone working and then get back to me . 
  i 've often had scottish bank notes accepted in england . 
  do people think of this as an actual problem ? 
  anyone with a northern irish sterling note can exchange it for a uk sterling note at par at any bank at any time anywhere in the uk . 
  northern irish and scottish banknotes are simply a fun thing left over from victorian times that northern irish and scottish banks do n't want to change . 
  the economic problems with the eurozone are on a totally different scale !, 
   that led to the fact , now even more people were standing outside of the stadium queuing in front of some barriers . 
  this was exactly what happened in the uk . 
  i saw the england v netherlands football match a couple of weeks ago and basically had the exact same conversation you had ... 
  eurozone has to change course . 
  this is not relevant for non-eurozone countries , of course . 
   we put the tarrifs on their exports coming into our country in retaliation for the tarrifs they would most likely put on ours . 
  no , we do n't . 
  the uk believes in free trade . 
  it would be a big mistake to put tariffs on cars coming from germany . 
  surely you would not vote for a government who did that ? 
  no , i would n't either . 
  this is not an article about tariffs on exports .
