   if a singaporean bank screws a french customer under your proposed passporting , what recourse does the customer have ? 
  they can sue the singaporean bank . 
   do they have to contact the mas in singapore with their claim ? 
  which regulatory regime would that service be under and which regulator 's rules take precedent ? 
  this is essentially a choice between the consumer ( which might , for example , be a french company ) and the bank . 
  i would recommend that they chose english law to govern their contract !, 
   in the single market , this works because the legal systems are sufficiently integrated and rules sufficiently similar to allow a claim in france made against a british bank operating in britain to proceed normally . 
  english law and french law are , at their hearts , totally different from each other . 
   the non-passporting way of doing overseas financial services is to have local subsidiaries - far more expensive and less efficient . 
  it does n't have to be like this and i hope the uk does not adopt this way of doing things . 
  i think the uk should allow for recognition of other countries ' regulatory regimes . 
   cute . 
  why do you think london is a global financial centre and paris is n't ? 
   are you seriously comparing the economies of the us and china and their subsequent markets with that of the uk ? 
  no , i am comparing london with new york , singapore and hong kong , the other global financial centres that are not in the eu . 
  they all share the english language and the english legal system and they are all open to the globe . 
  this is not some weird co-incidence . 
   neither is china or mexico . 
  have you forgotten that the eu is part of this globe as well ... ? 
  and that is why the uk will remain strong allies with european countries on a range of matters . 
   your claim is that you are becoming more `` globalist '' by erecting barriers between yourselves and 26 of your closest neighbours , who collectively are the world 's biggest and most innovative economies are ? 
  so far the uk has not erected any barriers and my hope is that we erect very few barriers indeed . 
   does n't make sense . 
  the moment you cut ties with other nations , you become less globalist . 
  but in your mind this is more globalist because of some hypothetical and ties with far-away countries with whom you share very little . 
  with some of these faraway countries we share a monarch , a legal system , a language , similar government structures and a whole host of other things too . 
  geography is not destiny . 
  hopefully we will remove many barriers with them . 
   by negotiating trade treaties one by one , as opposed to in a block ? 
  yes . 
  singapore seems to manage it . 
   they can and will move some of their business to another eu-country and neither for the banks or the consumers , anything will change . 
  i do n't think it is that simple . 
  incorporating a subsidiary in the eu will mean that the bank is now subject to further costs and regulation and tax rules and it is not clear where exactly in the eu they would go ( that has the expertise that london has ) . 
   would n't leaving the single market and free passporting and all that really harm the city of london ? 
  it does n't seem to stop nyc , singapore or hong kong , which are london 's real competitors . 
   lol . 
  you are talking about services like they are natural resources that can not be retrieved from anywhere else . 
  the uk currently has a competitive advantage in some high end services , which it could lose . 
  however , currently it seems to be getting better at them relatively . 
   in this case there is nothing to fear outside the common market , right ? 
  in the long run it is better to be outside than inside , i agree and this is why i voted leave . 
  if we stay inside the common market , we are committed to laws that we can not control and these laws already do n't necessarily suit us . 
  obviously , it depends on the uk really rethinking regulation and globalisation . 
  the only uncertainty is the short-term and the way that the uk adjusts to its new position . 
  this is an exciting challenge . 
   now the major advantage was : `` come to london - and fulfill the regulations of 31 countries '' . 
  no , the major advantage of london was english language , english law , time-zone , stable government , neutral courts , massive concentration of financial and professional services and so forth . 
   then your country is heading towards the past . 
  the eu is not the globe . 
   i am a globalist , i 'm an atlanticist and as with most danes free markets give me a chubby . 
  my point is that the liberals who have voted brexit are useful idiots for the reactionary and protectionist forces that are gaining wind these days . 
  the people that are at the top of the british government are globalists . 
  accept that and move on . 
   they were building the foundations , not the house . 
  hysteria and lies buried it under the views of the people are the foundations . 
  the british people did not agree with the fundamental direction of the eu . 
  spending a lifetime focusing on the eu when the british people did not agree with its fundamental direction was in my mind a foolish thing to do . 
  they should have checked with the people what they wanted . 
   it is no secret that many international banks used london as their gateway to europe . 
  being in london meant being in europe . 
  that apart from the language made it so attractive in the first place . 
  finance is global . 
  does the eu want to be part of global finance or not ? 
  if it does , then you need to accept that london is a global financial centre . 
  if the eu does not want to be part of global finance , and is going to revert to protectionism , that is a shame for eu . 
  this is a profound question facing the eu now . 
  we will see what your politicians think about this . 
   they worked their ass off better part of their lives to build something and than it gets destroyed . 
  this is not just about the money or having a job , its about legacy and fruits of your work . 
  they were building a house , which did not have any foundations . 
  while i feel a bit sorry for them , they should have checked whether the foundations were there before starting . 
   what is that infrastructure ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  i know we have been operating a huge euro clearing system for years but i have never heard of a uk clearing system for anything but gbp and eur this is actually very technical ( and boring ) question , but i would direct you to publications [ by the bank of england ] ( http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/documents/quarterlybulletin/2015/q306.pdf ) or [ bis ] ( https://www.bis.org/cpmi/publ/d105_uk.pdf ) london also now clears remimbi . 
   ah yes , ukip , ever the globalists . 
  just because you are not a globalist does not mean i am not , 
  that must be the most supid propaganda sentence i ever read . 
  lo and behold the wonders of the uk banking sector _ at your fingertip . 
  currently many eu based consumers make use of financial services offered by uk banks rather than using the financial services offered by banks based elsewhere in the eu . 
  if you deprive them of being able to access services of uk banks , then you are reducing their choice . 
  obviously , it is up to you if you want to make your consumers have less choice . 
   frankfurt is the world 's largest data hub , so i dont really get what you are saying with `` less efficient '' . 
  why is euro mostly cleared in london rather than frankfurt now do you think ? 
   being in the eu does n't mean anyone is holding you back trading with the world or is n't germany a global player in terms of trade ? 
  germany is better at trade in goods whereas uk is better at trade in services . 
  uk needs bespoke arrangements , rather than eu arrangements . 
  london has massive infrastructure for usd clearing , though obviously a lot of usd is cleared in the us . 
   its not a matter of what is best , its just one of the benefits of being a member of the eu . 
  actually , the question of where is best to do clearing is a question for people that actually want to do it . 
  if you put it in a place where it costs more / is less efficient , everyone loses . 
   why shouldnt we give singapore or hong kong the right of euro-clearing or eu passporting then ? 
  personally i think it would be good if you did . 
  the us and the uk allow their currencies to be cleared anywhere . 
  as for passporting , one of the big advantages of brexit is that hopefully the uk will start allowing passporting ( or equivalence ) by financial institutions incorporated in places like hong kong and singapore . 
  ultimately finance is global and the uk needs to be truly global to properly embrace it . 
   the ecb tried to get euro-clearing into the eurozone but failed , because by law the uk as a member of the european union had the right to do it . 
  now that 's gone . 
  technically the reason that the ecb failed that case was because the ecb did not have the power to specify a location . 
  the ecb lost on a question of vires .
