  obviously , the cap should be renegotiated . 
  it is n't the uk that is blocking this . 
  i think we can be fairly certain that the uk is an extremely important trading partner for the eu . 
  the uk is one of the world 's largest economies and it is in the single market . 
  yes , it is true that there are some protectionist french and spanish politicians . 
  however , the existence of protectionist tendencies within the eu is not really a good reason for the uk to stay in the eu . 
  it 's not the job of the uk government to confirm or deny statements made by either the no campaign or the yes campaign . 
  indeed , direct involvement would be impolitic . 
  as for eu membership for scotland , i still fail to see the concern you have . 
  it is abundantly obvious to anyone with a modicum of knowledge of international law , eu law and politics that iscotland will have to apply for membership , but that this application will be a very quick process and could be timed to coincide with iscotland 's independence . 
  british people are n't harmed by talk of a referendum on leaving the eu . 
  a majority of brits want a referendum . 
  i also find it odd that you seem so keen on scotland having a referendum on independence , but so against the uk having a referendum on eu membership . 
  i think both referendums are a good idea . 
  it 's not the job of the uk government to confirm or deny statements made by either the no campaign or the yes campaign . 
  indeed , direct involvement would be impolitic . 
  as for eu membership for scotland , i still fail to see the concern you have . 
  it is abundantly obvious to anyone with a modicum of knowledge of international law , eu law and politics that iscotland will have to apply for membership , but that this application will be a very quick process and could be timed to coincide with iscotland 's independence . 
  british people are n't harmed by talk of a referendum on leaving the eu . 
  a majority of brits want a referendum . 
  i also find it odd that you seem so keen on scotland having a referendum on independence , but so against the uk having a referendum on eu membership . 
  i think both referendums are a good idea . 
  i do n't have the figures to hand as i am on a phone , but i understand that the eu ( removing the uk ) currently exports more to the uk than it does to china or the us . 
  but please let me know if i am mistaken . 
  i think it would be great if frankfurt wants to compete with london . 
  competition between london and frankfurt will be good for both of them . 
  i agree , the eu will want the best deal possible for itself . 
  and this deal means free trade with the uk . 
  which treaty obligations is the uk in breach of ? 
  some of your points are a bit odd . 
  the uk is not holding up eurozone integration . 
  also , it is right that the uk gets a rebate . 
  even with rebate , the uk 's net contribution is roughly the same as france 's . 
  the uk has a similar sized economy to france , so the uk 's net contribution should be the same as france 's . 
  the `` better together '' campaign is not the uk government , the claims of the better together campaign , in their referendum campaign , should therefore not be used as an example of treaty negotiation by the uk government . 
  personally i think it is right that the uk government has been clear on currency . 
  this is a matter of fundamental importance . 
  as for eu membership , various eu personnel have given clear opinions . 
  it is hard to understand what the concern is . 
  obviously , the outcome of the negotiations ca n't be predicted . 
  however , i think it would be very surprising if the eu , which has managed to agree free trade agreements with albania , nicaragua and costa rica , for example , were not able to put in place a free trade agreement with the uk , when the uk is the eu 's largest export market . 
  an inability to trade freely with the uk would be extremely damaging for much of the eu . 
  i do n't think the eu would be so regressive so as to put up trade barriers with its biggest trading partner . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` the uk 's opinion of scottish separation '' . 
  the position is that scotland has a referendum and if they vote yes they will become independent and if they vote no they wo n't . 
  the only thing that the uk government has said about it is that there will be no currency union in the event of a `` yes '' vote . 
  some countries would care more than others . 
  those countries that favour liberal trade laws and that trade extensively with the uk , like ireland , germany , netherlands , denmark and sweden , would care massively if there were trade tariffs between the eu and the uk . 
  personally i am in favour of more referendums rather than fewer and think it would have made sense to referend various of the eu treaties prior to their ratification . 
  in my view the decision over whether to referend am international treaty should relate to whether the treaty in question transfers a significant amount of sovereignty away from westminster . 
  i appreciate this is somewhat vague and certainly this is a question for debate :-), 
  it 's a genuine question . 
  i have found it a bit surprising that the opinion that the eu and the uk can amicably part ways and make a separate arrangement to suit both is n't more widespread . 
  i agree , `` scum '' is a poor translation . 
  `` hoodlum '' is not a widely used word . 
  i think `` thug '' or perhaps `` riffraff '' might be closer . 
  if you take the view that the uk 's membership is parasitic , why do you think the eu political class is increasingly keen to ensure the uk stays a member ? 
  yes , i prefer the expression `` outside the mainstream '' to `` extremist '' . 
  the connotations of `` extremist '' are that such a position is somehow dangerous or immoral . 
  the most recent eu treaty did not have the direct democratic backing of the british people , but ukip 's position is not that the uk can only enter treaties with the direct democratic backing of the british people . 
  the ukip position is that it is regrettable that the uk signed up to the most recent eu treaty without a referendum , but not that such actions invalidate the treaty ( from a legal perspective ) . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not extreme . 
  as a ukip voter , my main preference for ukip meps is to raise their profile and campaign for the uk to withdraw from the eu . 
  sometimes this will involve attending , other times not . 
  i think the analogy with sinn fein does not really work here . 
  ukip do n't take the view that the european parliament is illegitimate . 
  they want to withdraw the uk from the eu , but that does n't mean that they think the uk is not a lawful member of the eu , or that the eu itself is not a lawful entity . 
  attending the ep and voting against giving the eu more powers is therefore an ideologically consistent position . 
  it also part of their mandate from their electorate . 
  obviously ukip meps should be able to get pay , same as other meps , given that they have costs , same as other meps . 
  of course britain will work with other countries . 
  it is possible to do this but not be in the eu . 
  no , i have no idea what eu will do . 
  perhaps the eu will decide that they do n't want any trade with the uk at all . 
  this is not , of itself , a reason to stay in the eu though . 
  we will see what happens when switzerland try and negotiate away free movement . 
  it will be an interesting test case . 
  all countries have limits on immigration . 
  to want those limits to be decided and managed by a national government is not idiocy , fear or hate . 
  it is what the vast majority of countries in the world do . 
  this is n't what ukip supporters are saying . 
  we are simply saying the decision about immigration should be made by westminster and not by brussels . 
  no , the uk will negotiate a bilateral agreement with the eu . 
  i somewhat agree with your post : i am not sure that supranational democracy is generally better or more desirable that national democracy . 
  there is a risk that supranational entities become remote from the electorate . 
  also ( and i know we have already debated this ) i am not convinced that we in europe do have similarities ( that are very distinct from the rest of humanity ) . 
  so in my mind , geography is not really destiny . 
  interesting post though . 
  the agreement between the uk and the eu , once the uk leaves , likely wo n't be part of the treaty . 
  instead there will likely be a series of bilateral treaties . 
  there are some good things about immigration and some bad things . 
  i have personally benefitted hugely , but this does not mean everyone has . 
  some consequences of immigration are also very hard to quantify : for example rapid cultural change , the strain on infrastructure , the problems that emigration nations endure when their most able and qualified workers move overseas . 
  it is a complex question . 
  i think they get an allowance that is separate from expenses though ? 
  there was an article in the telegraph from a british mep who wrote that the system of allowances did not require receipts . 
  i can not access the article as i am on a phone . 
  the point is that in the british media there has been a recent mini scandal about farage 's use of eu money . 
  it seems that the scandal has died a death though , because it seems that though farage uses his allowance for his own travel/office/dinner expenses etc ( obviously related to his campaign for britain to leave the eu ) it seems that he has not broken any rules . 
  given the inability of the eu to put in place coherent sanctions against russia , a country that just annexed another territory in europe , i doubt the ability of the eu , i somehow doubt that the eu will want to harm trade with the uk in anyway , particularly when that trade is so important to germany , ireland , netherlands , france etc.
