  no reason why portugal ca n't do that too . 
   and if you disagree with the other side you are a lefty lunatic . 
  does n't anyone of the more right wing posters here recognize the shift in tone ? 
  the nastiness , only barely concealed by subreddit rules ? 
  there has been a shift in tone , i agree , and i certainly consider myself a right wing poster on here . 
  any nastiness i condemn , and also any intellectual laziness by right wing people who criticise the views of others simply for being left wing . 
  however , that does n't mean that dclauzel 's argument here is essentially saying that if you disagree with me you are a racist . 
  that 's why i called him out . 
   let 's not beat around the bush : you 're trying to make the eu look as bad as possible to further your goals , no matter why . 
  the only reason we ca n't take a decision in this matter , just like so many other matters , is that the eusceptics have organized a the disagreement between national states by leaving the decision power in the hands of individual states ... instead of at the ep . 
  the eu makes itself look bad . 
  this is n't my fault . 
  the eusceptics did n't organise a disagreement between nation states . 
  the disagreement occurred because some decided to enforece their views on others . 
  if each nation state decided for itself how many refugees to accept , then there would n't be a disagreement . 
  quite obviously , it should be the nation state parliament that makes this decision , because the burden and benefit of refugees within a nation impacts that nation and thus that nation 's parliament should make the decision . 
   quota could also put a maximum on migration , not only a mimimum . 
  given that schengen exists that would n't be unreasonable . 
  so you 're quite intellectually dishonest by implying that making decisions at eu level automatically means `` more refugees '' . 
  whether it is a maximum or whether it is a minimum is irrelevant . 
  the fact remains it should be a question for the nation state . 
  also , schengen is n't relevant as the refugees subject to the quotas will be assigned to memeber states rather than the schengenzone as a whole . 
  if they can go anywhere , there is no point to quotas . 
   for example , if you think that the ep is a gravy train and people work too little , then you should stop voting for farage , one of the ep members who does the least amount of work but does n't complain about the gravy coming his way . 
  farage is the most high profile mep that there has ever been . 
  his speech calling von rompuy a damp rag has been the speech that has been most watched among europeans . 
  you should be grateful to farage . 
   sadly this would probably be catastrophic for the west . 
  slave labour and/or sweatshop workers benefit the western world massively ( surprisingly and sadly , they 're often a better bet for the workers compared to other jobs ) . 
  i disagree . 
  economic development helps everyone . 
  we want as many people as possible to come out of poverty . 
  this is good for us too . 
   you should look at the eu as one big market because that 's how the eu looks at itself . 
  i am someone who is an exporter and an importer . 
  i export to the entire world . 
  that is my market . 
  why would i limit myself to one small corner of the globe ? 
   there is something deeply repugnant to claim the moral high ground just to create a climate that would further a purely administrative political goal , i.e. 
  sabotaging the eu to prove that it was a bad idea and promoting a brexit . 
  who is sabotaging the eu here ? 
  it is sabotaging itself , just as it did with the eurozone crisis . 
  do n't blame eusceptics . 
  blame the euphiles once again . 
  they designed this absurd system !, 
   no , there is nothing repugnant about western european countries to ask eastern european countries to help other people who are running away from totalitarian fundamentalism : eastern european countries just got away from totalitarianism themselves and got help from western europe too at that point , so why is it repugnant to expect them to at least reciprocate a symbolic contribution ? 
  the best way to help the refugees is to give money to the refugee camps via the uncr and then take the most vulnerable people from those camps . 
  not to incentivise people to make dangerous journeys and end up giving more money to people smugglers . 
  i think we should politely ask countries to contribute more financially , but the decision should remain with their parliaments . 
  what we should n't be doing is forcing them to accept quotas of refugees . 
   we 've got an european parliament . 
  i see no reason why that is worse than others . 
  it is a pointless travelling circus , a gravy train , a talking shop , remote from the citizens it purports to represent . 
   or whatever the sentiment in the uk is towards the eu as of today in my own case , extremely negative , bordering on open hostility  the main things in the last couple of days are : - big industrial unions have refused to rule out campaigning to leave . 
  - new opinion poll puts remain at 43 % and leave at 40 % ( i.e. 
  within the statistical margin of error ) . 
  some have suggested this is because the new question , using `` remain '' or `` leave '' is more in favour of the outers than the old question using `` yes '' or `` no '' . 
  - new labour leader , corbyn , has refused to rule out campaigning to leave - car marker vauxhall have said that they would not be impacted by a brexit - new study by capital economics have said that trade would likely not be impacted by a brexit . 
   exposing the truth and defending the great white race ? 
  hurray for paranoid nationalism ... if you disagree with me , you 're a racist . 
  agreed, 
  very sensible report by capital economics - unfortunately the `` remain '' campaign seem determined to spread falsehood and misinformation here . 
  as someone who is an exporter ( and obviously exports both towards europe and the rest of the world ) i am very confident in being able to continue to export my services after brexit , particulary when british trade rebalances towards the parts of the world that are growing economically . 
   the nordic countries have had free movement since 1958 without federalization . 
  it works less well if you try to shoehorn very different systems together . 
  yeah , like uk and ireland have had the common travel area ... 
   i feel like people often forgot that and just consider eastern eu a bunch of ungrateful whiners . 
  not my position . 
  i basically consider the whole of continental europe to be a bunch of ungrateful whiners , not just you guys . 
   poland is the best investment eu can make in the long run . 
  you are right that they would be fine without money from eu , but europe needs another country with a strong economy and poland is our best bet . 
  if you look at eu as one big market , this is an investment that will benefit the entire ecosystem in the future . 
  i do n't look on the eu as one big market . 
  that makes no sense . 
  i look on the world as one big market . 
  the world needs every country to have strong economies . 
   well , that 's definitely better approach than germany 's `` you take our money , so obey '' . 
  personally i do n't think the uk should really be giving money to countries like poland . 
  however , this is a totally separate question from the refugees and it is absurd to link them . 
  poland is a relatively rich country . 
  if the uk has spare money to give around the world , we should be giving it to the real poor and refugees . 
  also , i do n't think poland needs the money from us . 
  i have confidence in poland developing itself without handouts , especially handouts with strings attached . 
  what helps develop poland is free trade with as much of the free and liberal and democratic worlds as possible . 
   we do know why , the home office went and asked . 
  those people want to come to the uk because they have friends or family there ; because they think the uk is safe and tolerant ; because they come from former uk colonies ; because they speak english or want to learn it . 
  any study more recent than 2002 , or specifically relating to the calais people ? 
  not that the reasons will necessarily be different , am just interested in it . 
   you just need to try and understand their history . 
  agreed . 
  there is something deeply repugnant about rich wealthy western european countries that have had empires and many years of living in peaceful , liberal , multi-ethnic democracies , demanding that poorer eastern european countries that have relatively recently emerged from the shadows of totalitarian communism , that are now experiencing massive brain-drain and depopulation , that are culturally much more homogenous than western europe , that they must take in quotas of refugees . 
  we should not be imposing our own views on other countries , just as we do n't want them to impose their views on ours . 
  this one-size fits all approach , so favoured by eurocratic elites , has an astonishingly poor regard for historical realities . 
  we should trust eastern european countries to know what is right for them . 
  we should trust their democratic processes and their parliaments . 
   my point was the redditor above dismissing people from ethiopia or eritrea or sudan ( sudan ! ), 
  has not being real refugees because they do not come from syria . 
  i think we can agree that someone might well be a genuine refugee if they are from one of those countries !, 
  though there is a big question mark over why they are not applying for asylum in france or why france is not processing their asylum claims . 
  something is terribly wrong in the system generally .
