  there has been polling that suggests that a significant majority of people think that the referendum result should be respected . 
  there was also an interesting article in the ft yesterday which discussed the british people 's acceptance of brexit . 
  of course some people hated those changes . 
  but the voters loved them which is why she won three elections . 
  yeah - saturday night had heavy rain . 
  we went out anyway :-), 
  luckily for all of us we are a democracy and those protesters can express their opinion in our general election , just as they could express their opinion in the referendum itself . 
  i support the right to protest too , but we need to recognise they are protesting an outcome of a democratic decision . 
  she is not the target of everyone 's hate . 
  she is incredibly popular . 
  the majority of the british voters have accepted it . 
  i think th general election will make those people who have still not accepted it finally cross the line . 
  neither ireland or the uk want passport controls between uk and ireland . 
  uk is going to let eu citizens in via heathrow . 
  that is really interesting to read , whether or not you are correct !, 
  [ they will threaten to kill the eu . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6abxha/martin_schulz_backed_emmanuel_macrons_idea_of_a/dhdtpqa/ ), 
  [ they will threaten to kill the eu . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6abxha/martin_schulz_backed_emmanuel_macrons_idea_of_a/dhdtpqa/ ), 
   obviously this was a lot more than criticizing judgments . 
  to quote myself `` the justices were very poorly treated '' . 
  i 'm not a fan of the mail and do n't read it . 
  but it is fantastic to live in a country where the press are free to criticise the courts . 
   yeah , really . 
  tim farron is repeatedly abused for disagreeing with brexit . 
  i am not aware of any abuse directed towards him . 
  however , as a someone standing for elected office he is of course answerable to the electorate and is rightly exposed to the cut and thrust of politics . 
   the supreme court agreed with him , however , as i mentioned in my earlier post , the argument that legislation was required before triggering article 50 did have merits . 
  the argument that it was not required also had merits . 
  what does not make sense is for ac grayling to argue that parliament must decide on whether or not article 50 should be triggered ( arguing that parliament is sovereign ) and then when parliament triggers article 50 to then argue that parliament 's decision is invalid . 
   and the justices concerned were very poorly treated by certain parts of the british media . 
  yes , we have a free press . 
  i am not someone that criticises judges myself and i do n't read the mail . 
  however , obviously they should be free in a liberal democracy to criticise judgments . 
   it has become all too common in britain to see abuse directed towards anyone who opposes the ( changing ) line ( s ) taken by the government on brexit . 
  not really . 
  we have a huge ability to disagree with government positions in this country , which is fantastic . 
  it is great to know that the government can not force an unwilling population to do something that it does not want . 
  hi - these were very interesting and informative posts , thanks . 
   like when he argued in january that the uk parliament had to be consulted before triggering article 50 ? 
  that argument did have merit , i agree . 
  however , weirdly , once it turned out that the uk parliament disagreed with him , he disregarded that argument . 
   but he dares to question the dominant brexit narrative so he must therefore be ridiculed . 
  it 's a shame to watch a society turn in on itself like this , attacking anyone who challenges the received wisdom . 
  he is n't ridiculed because he is opposed to brexit . 
  he is ridiculed because he has jumped the shark and his arguments and not those that are worthy of an academic . 
   military is absolutely irrelevant . 
  the whole point of soft power is to achieve objectives without the threat of force . 
  having a military is relevant to strength generally . 
   the claim was that leaving the eu would cause a recession , not the vote itself . 
  no , the claim was that voting to leave the eu would cause a recession . 
   no it was n't , it was one of the government 's most important consultative papers leading to the referendum , based on extensive economic analysis . 
  the bits of it you copied and pasted represented preferences rather than facts . 
  it is also clear that being in the eu is not sufficient to bring about wealth - look at greece . 
  it is also clear that being in the eu is not necessary to bring about wealth - look at singapore . 
  the success of the uk economy depends primarily on decisions taken by the uk government . 
  being in the eu simply gives the uk fewer policy levers . 
   'cause god knows this is how industry standards are set . 
  industry standards are primarily set globally . 
   so the argument is that the uk 's government will change its assement of economic impact depending on electoral results ... and this is a reason to feel optimist ? 
  we already know that the uk government got its initial assessment of the consequences of voting to leave the eu wrong , because we already know that voting to leave the eu did not cause a recession . 
  new data should of course cause the uk government to change analysis . 
  but what was copied and pasted was broadly a set of subjective preferences , rather than economic analysis . 
  the view of what is important is a subjective one not an objective one and changes with time . 
  no , that 's not murano either . 
  you ca n't see murano from that angle from st mark 's square . 
  murano is to the north of venice !, 
  this view is to the south / west !, 
  source - i also went to murano at the weekend :-), 
  great pic , but that is not the island of murano . 
  it is the island of san giorgio . 
  source : was there last weekend . 
  reading comments on this sub makes me convinced of the conservatism of germans . 
  at a time of global instability , they will go for the least amount of change possible . 
  yeah , i am aware of the polls , but suspect that by the time the elections come round the gap will have increased ... 
   nobody is willing to make the compromises needed for a fix . 
  so the only way out of this mess is an orderly dissolution of the euro . 
  i see it this way : nobody is willing to make the compromises to fix it and also nobody is willing to put in place a plan to dissolve the euro . 
  therefore you have to work out how to stay with the half assed state . 
  they will find new bargaining chips instead . 
  gambling in general and gambling on politics is a proud british tradition . 
  i had an interesting discussion with / u/marktplatz once about why the uk and germany have different cultural preferences and legal systems here . 
  i think we reached an agreement that the uk has had a greater tradition of wanting to protect people 's choices even if those choices might not be wise , whereas germany has a greater tradition of discouraging certain kinds of behaviour . 
  i am more than happy to bet reddit gold with you on this point , 
  oh , i completely agree with you that it was blackmail . 
  i 'm just making the point that it worked as a tactic , but ultimately did not work in french interests . 
  obviously , if you are putting in place a currency union , the first thing you put in place are the political structures , the second thing you do are the fiscal transfers and the final thing you do is the currency . 
  french plan seems to be the opposite of this , with no certainty that they will ever get the political structures in place . 
  but , even if they do , i do n't think they will end up liking it . 
  there will not be a parliamentary majority in germany for a common budget after the elections in my view . 
  if angela is chancellor and martin is vice-chancellor , the person who will decide on a common budget for eurozone will be angela , not martin . 
   germany insisted on a political union before a currency union , france wanted it the other way round ( to avoid losing some of their precious `` sovereignty '' ) . 
  france ended up winning that argument . 
  however , the victory was a pyrrhic one , with the currency union ending up suiting germany but not france . 
  same thing could potentially happen this time too if france gets its way . 
   overwhelmingly ? 
  the last time someone won a federal election overwhelmingly was in 1957 . 
  i am not expecting the cdsu to get a majority of seats . 
  however , i am expecting them to get more than 10 % share of the vote higher than their nearest rival , which i consider overwhelming . 
   apparently , the scottish and irish answer `` yes '' .
