  you do . 
  it is n't good for your friend to be there . 
   the rationale is that failure to bail out banks creates all kinds of problems that are more expensive and damaging than doing so . 
  i understand the rationale for bailing out banks , but i disagree with it . 
  for one thing , with the benefit of hindsight we know that iceland , which did not bail out its banks , had one of the best recoveries . 
  this was not a surprise to me . 
  we also know that not all the banks that the uk thought it needed to bail out actually needed a bail out ( barclays in the end got funds from saudi sovereign wealth funds - had the uk not offered a bail out to rbs and lloyds they might have managed to get funds elsewhere too ) . 
  some economists have also theorised in light of the uk economic performance subsequent to the brexit referendum that perhaps the dire predictions made about the banking crisis were also completely overblown . 
  this has been my own view for years . 
  however , even if we agree that the uk should bail out banks , this is not the same as saying that the uk should bail out greece . 
  for that a separate argument would need to be made . 
   exposure to ireland meant the uk did contribute a bilateral loan to the irish bailout - same reasoning . 
  uk offered a bilateral loan to ireland , but this is not really the same as uk bailing out ireland because ireland has an obligation to repay that loan and the uk government was sure at the time the loan was made that ireland would repay . 
  unfortunately , with greece there is not the same level of certainty that greece will repay . 
  the levels of risk for the taxpayer were completely different . 
  there is also a completely different case for the uk making a loan to ireland compared to making a loan to greece . 
  for one thing , the irish financial system is entwined in the uk financial system in way that is completely different from greece . 
  for another thing , uk-irish relations are very different from uk-greek relations for all kinds of historical and geographical reasons . 
   the netherlands does 0.7-0 .8 % of gdp . 
  what is your point ? 
  my point is that it makes more sense to focus aid on poor countries and not rich countries . 
  greece is a rich country . 
  when we send money overseas we should send it where it is needed : i.e. 
  poor countries . 
  many thanks . 
  in my own view even if the uk banks had lent 100 % of the greek debt , i still do n't think that this implies that the uk government should have bailed out the greek state . 
  for starters , i do n't think taxpayers should generally be on the hook if banks make poor decisions . 
  even if the uk government decided to bail out uk banks ( not something i agree with ) then that still does not imply that the uk government should bail out greece . 
  instead , the uk would simply become a creditor of greece directly without writing off the debt . 
  in my view it only really makes sense for the uk to bail out greece via the uk 's participation within the imf and then only in the context of the international community generally and in accordance with the imf 's mandate . 
  and the imf should always be a super-senior creditor . 
   how do you define a `` rogue parliament going against the wishes of the people '' , when same parliament is elected by the people . 
  we know what the people think about leaving the eu because we had a referendum about it . 
   you did n't have any obligation . 
  but it did show the lack of solidarity . 
  uk is showing solidarity to european countries by paying for nato . 
  that is what is actually important in our continent . 
  uk is also showing solidarity to the poorest countries in the world by giving 0.7 % of gdp in foreign aid . 
  it does not make sense for us to sort out your currency . 
  this is something you need to sort out . 
   it showed that britain does n't want to be in a situation where they do have obligations . 
  what about poland , denmark and sweden ? 
  i guess you are happy they do n't bail out greece ? 
   people voted assuming we would stay in the single market . 
  no they did n't . 
  both the remain side and the leave side were clear that we would leave the single market . 
   you ca n't tell people what they voted for when it was n't on the ballot leaving the eu was on the ballot paper . 
  we therefore should expect that we leave the eu . 
  please accept the outcome of the referendum . 
   uk was among the biggest creditors to greece . 
  any citation on this ? 
   nowhere near 50 % of people voted to abandon the eu with 0 trade deals in place . 
  people voted to leave the eu knowing that there was a risk that a deal would not be put in place . 
  no turning back . 
  leave means leave . 
  respect the result . 
   neither are they dutch , but we did n't wriggle out . 
  but every day uk leaving eu makes more sense . 
  there is no european solidarity from their side . 
  the netherlands decided to enter into a monetary union with greece . 
  the uk decided not to enter into a monetary union with greece . 
  quite obviously , the countries in a monetary union with greece should have a different relationship with greece than those that specifically and clearly said that the monetary union would cause this kind of problem . 
   we have seen how they wiggled out of greek debts by making others pay . 
  uk did not wriggle out of greek debts . 
  quite obviously , greek debts are not uk debts . 
   what i 'm saying that is that you ca n't use the lack of evidence as evidence for the contrary . 
  kuenssbergs source is a separate issue . 
  i am not saying that the lack of evidence that the queen does not back brexit is of itself evidence that the queen does back brexit . 
  however , if there were any source that the queen did not back brexit , this would impact the extent to which we could rely on the kuenssberg source and it is therefore relevant to our final conclusion . 
  in considering whether or not there is evidence that the queen backs brexit , we have to consider the full evidential picture . 
  laura kuenssberg is a serious journalist . 
  if she did not think that her source was credible , she would not have gone on the record on this at all . 
   saying you have a source without providing it is the same as not having a source when it comes to evidence . 
  we are not talking about a court here , we are talking about high quality journalism . 
  when laura kuenssberg says she has a source , we ca n't just pretend that she does n't . 
   probably because they do n't find single sources on their own credible enough . 
  they did n't just decide you need two sources for fun . 
  it is a general policy of the bbc to doubly check sources before they run stories . 
  this does not mean that the first source was not credible . 
   he called the entire story nonsense . 
  just because he did n't say `` i deny the queen backed brexit '' does n't mean he did n't deny it . 
  he gave a number of somewhat contradictory statements about this . 
  at no stage did he deny that the queen backed brexit . 
   an anonymous source which was in itself not enough for publication . 
  she specifically says she could n't find any supporting evidence . 
  we ca n't verify the source , so it might as well be unsourced . 
  not naming sources is normal in journalism . 
  the fact that laura kuenssberg states she has a source is not the same as a story being unsourced . 
   there 's no such evidence , but the absence of such evidence ca n't be used as evidence for the queen backing brexit . 
  there is n't just an absence of evidence . 
  there is kuenssberg 's soruce . 
  that is evidence . 
   the results are irrelevant to people who believe in democracy , votes are relevant . 
   no deal is not acceptable to anyone . 
  no deal is of course better than a bad deal . 
  the british people and the uk government are prepared to leave the eu with no deal . 
   i ca n't say i have ever heard that before now you have heard it . 
  you are welcome . 
   if the uk wants to just turn around and say ` nah we are staying ' other laws need to be viewed . 
  this is not going to happen .
