  not doing so is a choice in itself . 
  obviously , if scotland had voted `` yes '' , a rule would have had to have been made , which would then have become a precedent . 
  however , such a rule could only be made with the consent of all member states and the uk is ( as you know ) prepared to use its veto whenever it wants . 
  the uk is likely to use its veto against any move that makes the eu less intergovernmental . 
  i therefore do n't see how it would be possible for scotland to be able to join the eu without going through an accession process . 
  ( however , in my view the accession process could potenially have been completed to coincide with scotland 's independence and this certainly would have been ruk 's strong preference . ), 
   so , the uk is going to be the problem as usual :p yes - if your desire is a federal eu , the uk will be a massive permanent problem for you . 
  that 's why i find it very surprising that eu federalists are not actively campaigning for a brexit . 
   making them jump through the bureaucratic hoops of exiting and reapplying is screwing them over on purpose . 
  not really . 
  it should n't be difficult for them to jump through all the hoops as they fulfill most of them already . 
  i see the only major legal difficulties being the opt-outs that they want to maintain . 
  i see the difficulties being mainly political ( and caused by spain ) . 
   you surely are a bureacratic rules lawyer for someone who purports to oppose the eu because it 's a bureaucratic monster . 
  the eu is a bureaucratic monster , though that is n't the reason i oppose the eu , i already have enough other reasons . 
  also , the whole anglo-saxon legal philopsophy in which i exist believes this about bureaucratic rules generally : - bureaucratic rules should not be implemented in the first place . 
  - all rules should be followed to their letter , even if they are bureaucratic . 
  if we do n't follow rules , we do n't have the rule of law ( and that will cause other problems ) . 
  - we should try and get bureaucratic rules repealed . 
  however , i do n't think the international law of treaties is bureaucratic . 
   talk is cheap and it 's no secret that spain is opposed to anything resembling at secession at all for internal reasons . 
  they do need fishing rights in scottish waters though and it 's possible to make the distinction that scotland did it with consent of their previous state , so it would n't have been very difficult to come to an agreement . 
  spain does need fishing rights , but that need is much much smaller than their need for catalonia . 
  if it came to a choice between the fishermen and territorial integrity it would be adios to the fishermen over night . 
  also , however much spain want to make a distinction between scotland 's referendum ( which is legal ) and catalonia 's referendum ( which is illegal ) i do n't think this is enough for them . 
  i think you are underestimating just how difficult the political and economic situation is in spain right now and in someways just how fragile their democracy is . 
  i therefore think coming to an arrangement to suit both scotland and spain would have been exceptionally difficult and would have been a political battle for the ages . 
  the outcome of this battle is hard to predict ( and has now become part of an alternative history anyway ) . 
   i suppose the final deal would have been something along the lines of `` sure , we wo n't be asses that make you reapply for nothing , on the condition that you fulfill the current membership criteria ( which includes the duro and schengen ) '' . 
  i 'm not sure i fully understand your position here . 
  so you take the view that iscotland should be granted all the opt-outs that ruk gets ? 
  this seems like the logical consequence of your belief that they should not have to reapply for membership . 
  currently , when new countries join they have to take on the entire body of eu law . 
  but if scotland are already members then presumably you think they get to keep an opt-out of the euro permamently ( which has nothing to do with being on an island ) and an opt-out of schengen . 
  oh - and you will have to pay for their rebate on the cap too . 
   specifically germany should seriously consider the ramifications of lepen sweeping into power in two years . 
  sure rhetoric is a cheap way to score political points , but where will it leave germany if the vehemently anti-eu french nationalists gain control ? 
  lepen is not going to sweep to power in two years . 
  she will ( most likely ) reach the second round and then be beaten by sarko ( or perhaps juppe ) . 
  germany should really not be worried about france - french problems are , surprise surprise , a problem for french politicians . 
   in the short term scotland remaining in the union has made a brexit less likely has it ? 
  this is hard to know . 
  there are some views that scotland leaving would have turned the ruk inward looking and less confident for a generation - and therefore less likely to vote for change . 
  scotland voting for the union is a vote of confidence in the uk as an entity . 
   and since people appear to be easily swung on the eu do they ? 
  ukip just won the eu elections ... 
  the conservatives wanta referendum and might campaign to leave . 
  the media will be divided on the question ( unlike the media were with scotland ) . 
  and we know what currency we will have . 
   then i could see it passing and the uk finally integrating fully with the eu aims . 
  you can see the uk adopting the euro ? 
  really ? 
  it is going to be pretty interesting to see what sarko 's policy platform will include , especially on key issues for french voters : the economy and immigration . 
   trucidator - to be honest ... you are clearly committed to your anti eu and euro stance and nothing i say is going to change that  and that 's fine . 
  on this particular front it is not so much being anti euro , but being anti the tax-payer bailing out banks . 
  and i am hopping mad that it happened in the uk too . 
   thousand reasons that simply to not apply to ireland , a completely different culture , economic and political system . 
  nice chatting with you . 
  personally i do n't think ireland has totally different culture , economic and political system from places like singapore . 
  legal system is the same . 
  language is the same . 
  focus on services is the same . 
  tax regimes are similar . 
  to me these countries are a good parallel !, 
  nice chatting to you too . 
   do n't you have to look at previous similar cases each time do know the precedence ? 
  sounds like a pain in the ass . 
  this is actually not as hard as it sounds . 
  the famous cases become very well-known . 
  it makes legal advice more certain as the behaviour of judges becomes more predictable . 
  the law becomes very close to precise and real facts . 
  it means that the law can adapt slowly as business practices and culture change . 
  it reflects the difference between the english and the french : the english pragmatism versus the the french idealism ; the english evolutionary spirit versus the french revolutionary spirit : the english liberalism versus the french dirigiste mind ; the english love of nature versus the french love of order ; [ the english garden is wild - yet beautiful , the french garden is controlled - but is it really beautiful ] ( http://www.apartmenttherapy.com/a-war-of-roses-the-french-vs-english-garden-168600 ) ?!, 
  i kid , i kid . 
   grece received all of the benefits and massive financial investment from the eu that ireland did . 
  but they chose to waste it and instead follow the path of economic incompetence . 
  agreed . 
  so it looks like what matters is economic competence - not the eu . 
   portugal did n't do much better and were hit too hard by the current us generated crisis . 
  once we start talking about the us-generated crisis , i think we start running into problems : it sounds like we are blaming the us for our own problems , which strikes me as crazy-talk . 
  we need to be honest : the us was simply the first place to be hit by the crisis . 
  but the crisis would have happened anyway , even without the us . 
  portugal 's current problems are really nothing to do with the us . 
   the conomies of europe will always be moving in different directions from time to time . 
  that is the way the people want it to be . 
  different economies moving in different directions with the same currency but no fiscal transfers ? 
  this will not lead to good outcomes . 
   but all the signs are that once the eu comes out of this crisis , the worst the world has ever seen , it wil prosper . 
  it has proven itself coprehensively over the last 40 years and will do so again imho . 
  a lot of the world came out of the crisis a long while ago . 
  there is no longer a global crisis , there is just a european one . 
  there are huge huge ananswered questions about the whole single monetary project . 
  there are still massive political risks . 
  i think we need to wait a little bit before calling the euro a success . 
   your argument about ireland and the eu simply do n't stand up to history and the facts , sorry . 
  i think they kind of do . 
  what was holding ireland back for all those decades ? 
  how did singapore , new zealand and hong kong do so great if the eu was what was necessary ? 
   we rallied almost 2m of our 7m ( total ) population a few days ago and yet what scotland today decided might somehow influence our will to vote ? 
  i am sure a scottish `` yes '' vote would have made a big impact - perhaps not on the desire to vote but perhaps on the way you vote .
