   their in this context , the correct spelling is `` there '' . 
   you have a source on that ? 
  [ i got the data from eurostat . ] ( http://imgur.com/13e5yah ) . 
  the eu as a whole seems to have created 651k jobs over the last two years . 
  the uk seems to have created 1.140 m jobs over the last two years . 
  if you remove the uk figures from the eu figures , it looks like the reu has lost jobs over the last two years . 
  this guy has been doing some epic trolling lately ... 
   i was trying to come up with an example for the little things that would be felt , to show that even for the eu the effects would n't only be political . 
  it is very hard to judge at this stage what the key little things will be , because they depend on the nature of the relationship that the uk and the reu put in place and that is very uncertain . 
  edit - i 'm also not sure if tuition fees would be impacted . 
   i want the uk to be in the eu because i believe it is best for the uk , its economy and its general population , why would canada not being part of the eu effect my opinion of it ? 
  it just strikes me as odd that someone who would be prepared to leave the uk if the uk left the eu would be moving to a country that is not in the eu , and a country that is one of the most similar countries to the uk in the world . 
  canada is n't subject to the strasbourg human rights courts , just like many eusceptics want the uk not to be subject to the strasbourg human rights courts . 
  canada does not have free movement of workers with the eu , just like eusceptics want the uk not to have free movement of workers with the eu . 
  canada is negotiating a fta with the eu , just like eusceptics want the uk to negotiate a fta with the eu . 
  in these respects , once the uk leaves the eu , the uk will become more like canada . 
  why would n't you move to the eu if you like it so much ? 
  i agree with more or less everything you have written , but :  and things like roaming fees when they travel there things like roaming fees are something that is going to be changing all over the world anyway , as new technologies develop and telecoms costs come down everywhere and more and more places give free wifi etc. 
   i am utterly disgusted at the state of politics in this country , where are you thinking of moving ? 
  personally im favouring canada . 
  you do know that canada also is n't part of the eu , right ? 
  agreed . 
  when i was a poor student , ryanair was a great option : i got all around europe on tiny budget . 
  i find it odd when wealthy people complain about ryanair 's low service standards . 
  what do they expect ? 
  do n't like low cost airlines : do n't fly ryanair . 
  problem solved . 
   even as a qualified person , an academic , i fear the rise of ukip and farage on the basis that i wo n't be able to leave this sinking ship fast enough . 
  which sinking ship ? 
  the uk is the fastest growing economy in the g7 at the moment . 
  the uk has created more jobs in the last two years than the rest of the eu put together . 
  you might want to leave the uk , but in their hundreds of thousands people from the rest of the eu are moving to the uk . 
  uk will prosper fine without the eu , in the same way that lots of other countries in the world prosper without the eu . 
  not really - because we did not know what numbers other countries submitted . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , the eu will no longer be the largest market in the world . 
  well - you 'd be mistaken . 
  it appears that the eu notified the treasury of this correcting amount only a couple of days before cameron heard about it . 
  in either case , the requirement to pay by 1 december is just awful politics and very disrespectful . 
  there are two echo-chambers . 
  this pro-eu echo-chamber here is just as unconnected with reality . 
  i love europeans too . 
  i just do n't want to be in the eu . 
  what 's hard to understand ? 
  a lot of brits do n't want to be in the eu . 
  it seems easy to understand . 
  canada likes us more than it likes you . 
  you 're closer but we 're more fun ... 
  i think you might need to advance your language skills before you think about working overseas . 
  and - then - a week later there was a dramatic swing towards leaving . 
  after that bill for eur 2bn came thru . 
  i know / while i am keen to leave i am worried about leaving our danish and dutch friends there without us !, 
  we will stay great friends and allies with you i hope . 
  which languages do you speak ? 
  what skills do you have ? 
  we hope our danish friends will be next after us :-) ) ), 
  i 'm guessing she is talking about a kind of political acceptance rather than a legal acceptance . 
  or something is lost in translation ... 
  i actually do like russia - there was a time when i had a lot of russian clients and had to travel regularly to moscow for work . 
  i really love russian literature . 
  however , i think that russia has never really understood democracy in the way that say france or the uk have and if anything they seem to be moving further away from democracy . 
  the current regime is truly awful and i can not see things improving in the short term , which is a terrible shame . 
  it is n't direct debt to other member states . 
  direct debt to another member state would be the case if the uk borrowed money from another member state . 
  that has n't happened here . 
  he did n't say they were sub-humans . 
  she is right . 
  the uk and the reu want different things . 
  it is time for a brexit . 
  the quicker this process is , the better for everyone . 
  it is better for europe to have the uk as a good neighbour than a bad tenant . 
  you should still go and see hamstead heath . 
  the view from parliament hill is extraordinary . 
  it is beautiful even in the rain . 
  you 're in britain now : stuff upper lip and keep calm and carry on !, 
  the weather was amazing today - november is never normally this mild . 
  make the most of it . 
  head to richmond park or clapham common or hamstead heath or greenwich park ... definitely nowhere central ... 
  though , when chuchill spoke of the need for the eu , he did not see the uk as part of it . 
  nobody in the uk has heard monet and spinelli etc , though obviously as almost nobody in the uk wants to be part of a single european federal entity we 're not that interested in them . 
  churchill was famous for saying if ever the uk has to choose between europe and the open sea , she must always choose the open sea . 
  how right he was : britain 's future is the growing part of the world , rather than the part of the world that is stagnating under low growth , high regulation and high unemployment . 
  here 's to churchill and the open sea !, 
  nobody in britain uses the expression `` founding fathers '' of the eu . 
  it is simply not part of our vocabulary . 
  the expression founding fathers in the english language relates to the usa founding fathers . 
  typically with perpetual bonds the issuer has an option ( i ) either to redeem after a certain amount of time has passed or certain trigger events have happened , and in this case the issuer has to repay the bonds ( ii ) or to continue to pay interest ( which is at a low level ) for eternity . 
  sometimes with perpetual bonds the holders have an option , but it does not sound like the case here . 
  legally with bearer bonds the issuer has to repay when the physical bond is presented to the issuer . 
  however , nowadays even though most english law bonds are technically in bearer form , the physical bonds are all held by clearing systems and on repayment the physical bonds are simply destroyed . 
  i expect in this case , because they are so old , the holders will be able to keep them as historical memorabilia , without any rights . 
  english law continues to be the law which is used for most european capital markets transactions : even though it seems a bit old-fashioned and is all common law based , it is very simple and certain ... 
  they do . 
  i used to do it when i was a kid . 
  my mum gives out fruit and nuts ( not candy ) to the neighbourhood kids because she is a hipster . 
  they are perpetual sovereign fixecd income securities issued by the uk government . 
  they never have to be paid off , but the uk has decided to pay them off instead of continuing to pay interest . 
  it is more of a tidying up exercise than a liability management exercise . 
   and stability over government i think that some central government is generally required in order to have stability . 
  in my mind it is a tiny bit sad that this historical oddity , the uk perpetual ww1 debt , is being redeemed ... 
   strong institutions are not a factor by strong institutions i am meaning things like efficient court systems .
