  you took a post in which i mentioned dutch and swedes to imply that i like them more than others because of colour . 
  i had obviously only mentioned those nationalities because the poster i was responding to mentioned them . 
   but you are determined to have me banned because you do n't agree with my opinions . 
  i do n't want to have you banned , i want you to have the good grace to post in a friendly way and that means not implying that people are racists if they are not . 
  this is completely unacceptable and you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  it was an attack on me . 
  i did read your post , given that there was absolutely nothing about race or colour in my post it was completely wrong of you to imply that there was . 
   if i were to complain each time i 'm called a racist by one of your countrymen i would be very busy . 
  i usually just delete . 
  if people imply that you are racist when your posts are not racists , you should complain . 
  we all want this sub to be a respectful environment where people do not attack each other . 
  that is why writing things like :  that just goes to show that the eu on the whole is far too `` brown '' for you is completely unacceptable . 
  it is designed to antagonise . 
  please stop doing it now . 
  i consider it to be an attack on me and completely unacceptable . 
  i have reported it . 
  please do n't make any more posts implying i am racist . 
  there is simply no need for it whatsoever . 
  there was nothing whatsoever in my post that indicated any preference based on skin colour and for you to imply that there was any preference based on skin colour is completely unnecessary and inflammatory . 
  you specifically wrote :  `` that just goes to show that the eu on the whole is far too `` brown '' for you '' . 
  that is completely not acceptable . 
  please retract that comment , because it implies that i am racist . 
  that seems very pragmatic and sensible ... 
   i would n't think 3 mil to be that far off in that respect . 
  i actually have not seen any stats/credible sources that suggest this figure , but if you have some i would be interested in seeing them . 
   i can respect that position , just not the canzuk one . 
  i ca n't respect either the canzuk , but i do n't think it is worse than the eu one . 
   you 're right , but my understanding of how people tend to use this language is that membership of the single market = unfettered access to the single market = access to the single market i agree that people use these words in very imprecise ways and mean all kinds of weird and different things . 
  that is why i basically stopped using the words `` access to the single market '' ... 
   okay , i was under the impression that the leave campaign insisted that this was possible . 
  the leave campaign said that the uk should not follow any specific model , but negotiate a new deal with the eu . 
  so far , what they predicted is happening . 
  the leave campaign also said that we would end up with tariff free trade - that is still to be negotiated . 
   you 're much more reasonable than most people on here . 
  thanks very much , you too , and i still love your country and used to live there !, 
   if this is true , it does n't exactly line-up with the even more discriminatory measures mike ( and you ? ), 
  seem to be proposing . 
  i have not proposed any more discriminatory measures . 
  i would like the uk to have an immigration policy that did not favour any nationality ( other than the irish and only because of the land border and the northern ireland situation ) . 
   dutch and swedes are better than germans and french , germans and french are better than spaniards and italians ... 
  the reason why i mentioned dutch and swedes was because i was responding to a post that mentioned dutch and swedes . 
  i do n't think that dutch are better than spaniards or any of that nonsense . 
   that just goes to show that the eu on the whole is far too `` brown '' for you , even if you could make an exception for the dutch and swedes , if you really had too . 
  / u/new-atlantis yet again , you are resorting to implying that i am racist . 
  this is completely unacceptable and i must ask you to apologise , remind yourself of the rules of this sub and stop doing this . 
  the uk is one of the most ethnically diverse countries in the world and i like it that way . 
   but did n't boris johnson and others insist that post brexit the uk would still have `` access to the single market '' i.e. 
  unfettered access to trade with the eu without having to accept the costs i.e. 
  no , they were clear that the uk would be outside the single market . 
  this was something that both the leave campaign and the remain campaign largely agreed on . 
   okay . 
  but an fta is n't the same thing as `` access to the single market . '', 
  i would say that an fta gives access to the single market under the terms of the fta . 
  it is not the same as membership of the single market . 
   i think we 're saying the same thing just harping on the very specific definitions of single words . 
  i agree , it seems to be semantic . 
  but i think the best way of describing countries in the eu and the eea is to say that they are `` members of the single market '' . 
  i think we can correctly say that `` canada is not a member of the single market , but it does have some access to the single market under the terms of its agreement with the eu . '', 
  i think saying `` canada has no access to the single market '' strikes me as simply wrong from a linguistic standpoint . 
   mike 's comments irked me massively because he spefically only included those gdp/capita and native english speaking countries he likes . 
  which is incredibly discriminatory . 
  the current system that the uk has , as members of the eu , is already incredibly discriminatory . 
  we currently massively discriminate in favour of europeans ( who tend to be whiter and richer than the rest of the world ) . 
   the single market is n't as easy as tariffs vs. no tariffs . 
  if that were the case then there would be no difference between ceta and being a member of the eu . 
  i agree completely with you . 
  i want the uk to be outside the single market and not be a member of the eu . 
  i prefer what canada has to what the uk currently has . 
  ceta is a much preferable deal in my mind . 
   access to the single market means unfettered access for goods , services , capital , and people . 
  it pains me to have a semantic debate , but i think here you are talking about `` membership of the single market '' rather than `` access '' . 
   an fta which would remove tariffs and quotas but would keep all non-tariff burdens in the way of trade , and would not necessarily cover services and agricultural products , and would almost certainly not include passporting rights for british businesses . 
  this is what i want . 
   the british wo n't get access to the single market without accepting fom . 
  i want the uk to be outside the single market , so i am delighted that we will be . 
  that is why i voted leave . 
   right , so why the hate for dutch and swedes then ? 
  i personally love dutch and swedes , but a lot of brits feel closer to aussies etc. 
  for cultural reasons , linguistic reasons , historic reasons and because they share the same head of state as us and the same legal system of us and have incredibly close intelligence links with us etc. 
  it is n't any more immoral for brits to want a system of free movement with canz than it is for brits to want a system of free movement with europeans . 
  personally i would rather have an immigration system that considered skills rather than anything else . 
   i think i heard on the tv british government mentioning 3 million brits this is either fake news or fake maths . 
  ( i think there are 1.2 million brits in the eu . ), 
   if the uk were offered the option to stay in the single market without accepting fom or paying into the eu budget you honestly believe that they would n't take it ? 
  i am perhaps unusual , but i would not take it . 
  i actually do n't mind freedom of movement of workers , but i do n't like most of the single market . 
  labour has always been a coalition between spd and linke . 
  normally the spd faction has total control , but recently linke has been in control . 
  agreed that they were in decline anyway ... 
   they like to pretend nothing changed and they still somehow have the ability to be part of the single market , even if it 's something remote like `` access '' . 
  i am not pretending this , i think not being part of the single market is not the same as being part of the single market . 
  i would not have bothered voting leave if i thought leaving the single market was the same as being in the single market . 
  as mentioned `` access '' is a vague term and covers a whole variety of different arrangements in a very imprecise way . 
  that is why i try not to use that term . 
   rutte is right and schulz is symptomatic of what went wrong with the eu . 
  unfortunately for you , schulz is going to win this debate i think . 
  ok , i prefer to do trade `` how it is done everywhere '' ( or using whatever words you want to use ) . 
   when you say countries outside eu and eea have `` access to the single market '' you basically state a falsehood it really depends on what you mean by `` access to the single market '' . 
  as mentioned , i prefer not to use that term because it is completely vague . 
  i am more than happy to point out that countries outside the eu and the eea are not `` members of the single market '' .
