  it left me the impression that they would n't want to drive horrible smelly cars all day either . 
  the good thing about uber is that this is less likely to happen . 
  uber incentivises good behaviour by both customers and drivers . 
  if you travel by uber , there is more of a record of you . 
  it is hard to respond to you given that you are editing posts after i have already responded to them . 
   when you think about it , a quality media outlet , if it publishes something inaccurate , already often prints a retraction . 
  this formalises and enforces that process . 
  yes , but there is massive difference between them voluntarily doing so and being required to do so by the law of the land under threat of imprisonment . 
  i prefer the latter . 
   there 's no other party ( uhm ) to blame , people are system . 
  people do n't understand the eu because it is remote , confusing , boring and so forth . 
  they do n't understand eu elections . 
  do n't blame the people . 
  blame the eu . 
   er , no , they 're not . 
  central banks are answerable to policians . 
  the boe has to write to the chancellor monthly . 
  the ecb has to report on its activitives regularly to the european parliament . 
   ah ... a new straw man appears !, 
  no , i did n't say we should imprison journalists for lying - you have elided two points , that of fining the media outlets for lies published , and that of refusal to pay the fines . 
  we would imprison the owners of media outlets for refusal to pay fines instituted by law , and levied by the independent body . 
  how are you going to do that ? 
  they might not be in your jurisdiction . 
  ( in fact , they obviously would not be in your jurisdiction . ), 
  perhaps you would be shutting down newspapers you did not like ? 
  the people that fear journalists and newspapers the most are politicians . 
  creating a system whereby politicians enact laws restricting what journalists can say will have terrible outcomes for a free society . 
   unlike the ddr , voters in uk have power to vote for someone else , who serves their interests better . 
  they decided to vote the way they did . 
  blaming `` system '' for this is just an attempt to avoid responsibility . 
  this attitude , of blaming voters , is just something that does not sit well with me . 
  the people are not there to serve the system . 
  the system is meant to be there for the people . 
  if the people and the system are not on the same page , rather than blaming the people , it makes sense to blame the system . 
   if we assume all the 8.2 % voted , then that 's about 19.2 % of the votes legitimizing the spitzenkandidaten system . 
  this is poor maths . 
  i had heard of juncker . 
  i voted . 
  my vote should not be seen as legitimising the spitzenkandidaten system . 
  a lot of people who had heard of juncker voted for parties not affiliated to his . 
  i am not sure why you are arguing that those votes , against him , should give him political legitimacy . 
   slightly less than half of the voters did elect epp parties , so that number ca n't be right . 
   then what exactly is your argument ? 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm being dumb or whatever , but i do n't seem to have understood it yet . 
  i mean , you replied to a poster saying that juncker was only there because people voted for him and he should remember that , by saying brits did n't , implying he should n't be there ? 
  i 'll repeat this another time . 
  the poster mentioned that the way to get rid of juncker was by not voting for him . 
  i pointed out that brits already did n't vote for him . 
  we ca n't get rid of him by not voting for him , because we already did n't vote for him , but got him . 
   is n't the blame much more on the media and tabloids that spread misinformation about how the eu works , focus mostly on national issues ( ignoring any eu-wide campaign i do n't agree with blaming the media . 
  we have a free press , they can report on what they like . 
  the fact that the media do n't repoirt on the eu ( and do n't understand it and frequently make mistakes ) is a natural consequence of the eu being remote from ordinary people . 
   ( for example , do kids today learn about the eu institutions in civics classes ? 
  in portugal they do not ) . 
  if the eu system is remote from people , i find it surprising that your answer is that we need to change the people to make them more interested . 
  i do n't think the people are wrong . 
  i think the people are right and the eu is wrong . 
   it 's perfectly easy to do so , and , as i said , it 's a very well-understood process . 
  the body is created by statute , and maintained by statute . 
  the government is then required by law to pay for the body and to comply with its regulations , same as a central bank . 
  while it might be easy to do , the extent to which it is really indpendent of goverment is a moot point . 
  for example , the statutes of central banks and their functions change with time and different politicians want to change and expand their functions . 
  ( this is good , it is a political question . ), 
  central banks are alsoare also answerable for their actions to politicians . 
   not really . 
  lying to the public seems pretty offensive to me . 
  you would imprison journalists who lie to the public ? 
  that is ultimately orwellian and hugely problematic for liberal democracies . 
  it is way for governments to control the press by the backdoor . 
  in which countries in the world do journalists get imprisoned for lying ? 
   clearly so , but what you personally like and what produces the best outcome are not in any way guaranteed to be the same thing . 
  i think a situation where we imprison journalists is a poor outcome , but if that is what you like , so be it . 
   the fact that british voters ignore consequences of their vote or simply not interesting in figuring out the opinion of the party they vote for is not an excuse . 
  [ blaming the voters was common in eastern europe before the fall of communism . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/die_l%c3%b6sung ) i personally do n't believe in blaming the voters . 
  i think it makes more sense to blame the systems . 
  i 'm finding it a bit difficult to respond to your posts , because you keep on editing them while i am responding to them . 
   in context , reading the comment you originally replied to , you were arguing for the first ( juncker has no legitimacy for a eu institution ) . 
  no , i was n't arguing that . 
  i was simply arguing that brits did not vote for junker . 
  we ca n't stop voting for him because we are already not voting for him . 
   independent of government . 
  it 's a pretty well-understood type of institution . 
  if it is established by government ( who presumably put in place legislation to incorporate it ) and paid for with taxpayers money then it is hard to call it really independent of government . 
   `` sign up '' ? 
  it would apply to every mass media outlet - you fine any of them if they 're found against , in the same way you 'd fine them for breaches of any other regulation so this independent organisation has power to make regulations and fine people that breach them ? 
  sounds pretty governmental to me . 
  there are in the uk newspapers that would refuse to pay any such fines . 
  would you really imprison these people ? 
  this would be terribly regrettable . 
   sure , that has some obvious potential issues , but it takes a libertarian to pretend that simply leaving it to the market necessarily produces the best possible outcome . 
  some things are better left to the market than others , some require governmental intervention . 
  there are many things that i personally want the government to regulate ( e.g.the production of energy , who can hold herself out as a lawyer , the content of what i eat etc etc etc ) . 
  but one thing i do not want the government ( or any entity ) to regulate is what i read in the media . 
   i understand that , and i did not mean to say otherwise . 
  i was talking about that argument specifically ( that no brit voted for juncker ) , which does not even touch most other issues the brits ( and eu-sceptics in general ) seem to have with the eu . 
  i was responding to the point made that the way to get rid of juncker is by voting . 
  nobody in the uk voted for junker . 
  the alternatives were also all worse than him . 
   only 8.2 % of respondents were able to name the epp candidate , jean-claude juncker . .
