  look at theresa may for example - one day she is quietly campaigning for `` remain '' , two days later `` brexit means brexit '' , nine months later , `` vote for the tories for strong and stable leadership '' . 
   i am not from a particulatly expensive area in rural bavaria and we are at 3 % . 
  there just really is no people to take jobs when even just shelf stockers get 50 % over minimum wag same with rural bits of south of england - lots of areas where we are at 2-3 % and no people to take jobs . 
  a national questioning of things that we have previously not questioned , for example our regulatory processes , where power lies in our institutions , what our trade policy should be . 
  all this is of course very welcome . 
   engineering an election on that platform in the knowledge that the main opposition party is at its weakest in 60 years ?? 
  honestly , the labour party and the lib dems and the snp all agreed to have the election . 
  blame parliament for it . 
  i find the entire regulatory architecture of the eu totally annoying and out of step with the uk 's legal traditions . 
  i do n't have a question - i 'm just here to say that i agree with the rule change . 
  democratic re-invigoration . 
  i assumed everything would be better immediately and think it has been better . 
   you did n't pay for a share `` of the union assets '' when you entered . 
  but we have paid for them over time . 
  if the eu thinks we have liabilities now , it must also accept that we have assets now . 
  yeah , i hoped it would be something about lizard-people and queen elizabeth and merkel and soros etc. 
   the tories have engineered an election parliament engineered this election . 
  parliament wanted it . 
   the tories have engineered an election knowing the only other `` choice '' would be to vote in either the lib dems or labour who could run a bath let alone the country , therefore the only people who will get a suitable outcome are people who are determind for a hard brexit regardless of any other tory agenda . 
  it is not the tories ' fault that the labour party are in chaos . 
  i agree with the tories ' policy on brexit so i will vote for them . 
   yet the great repeal bill ( which has to be the dumbest name for it ) actually moves all eu law into uk law . 
  the crucial thing is that it will repeal the european communities act 1972 , thus stop further eu law becoming part of uk law . 
   brexiters do n't know the difference between trade , trade deals , single market , tariff free , trade barriers , frictionless trade , and so on . 
  we know exactly the difference between them . 
  we want out of the single market , out of the customs union , but to have free trade with the eu . 
  the most interesting thing , if you look at all the polls on this , is that public opinion has not changed at all since the referendum , despite the enormous political changes we have seen . 
   it should be a tourist paradise . 
  italy has been incredibly bad at getting in place a good tourist industry , not just in the south . 
  recent legislation on uber etc just made things harder . 
  and ? 
  that does not mean it is n't in the uk 's interests and nafta 's interests for the uk to join it . 
  the uk believes in free trade !, 
   landowner i think you are misrepresenting me a bit . 
  i own a small flat . 
  i come from a very unprivileged background . 
   `` enchanted '' ?? 
   also just because a country has to be the most unequal in europe by definition does n't mean that all countries should n't aspire for more . 
  this is exactly the point . 
  all countries should aspire for betterment , but the nature of comparisons is that one will be the worst . 
  being the worst is not of itself a bad thing . 
  which country do you want to be the most unequal in europe ? 
   nafta ( and any other already signed deal ) was negotiated by countries with specific interests . 
  nafta is being renegotiated . 
  the uk 's specific interests are free trade , pure and simple . 
  canada also wants this . 
  uk would gain massively with free trade with nafta . 
   you do n't get something for nothing . 
  that is the beauty about free trade , both parties benefit . 
   in the long run , once your economy have tanked the experts were wrong . 
  the uk economy continues to grow quickly and has low unemployment . 
  that is why thousands of french people move to the uk for work every year . 
   joining something like nafta would n't make much sense in this regard . 
  nafta is totally different from the eu . 
  nafta is not a single market or customs union it is simply a free trade area . 
  those were the things that the uk did not like about the eu . 
   the borders issues the borders issues will be solved easily , as per ireland 's demands . 
   the disputed gibraltar gibraltarians will decide their sovereignty of course . 
  no , of course the uk should not pay for access to the eu 's markets any more than canada should . 
  this is just more of your protectionism . 
   i have heared brexiteers on reddit talking multiple times of damn australia and new zeland replacing eu and a creation of a political union between commonwealth countries lead by the uk . 
  i have not seen a single brexiteer argue for a political union of commonwealth countries . 
  however , having strong diplomatic , defence and economic ties with those countries is of course extremely important and helps keep the west united . 
  it is also very important for the uk to stay close to our nato allies and our european allies . 
   lol , no you clown . 
  this is what a free-trade agreement looks like . 
  this is ceta , 7 years of bargaining right there . 
  there is nothing simple or obvious to it , every single sector of the economy is bargained , some of which are protected ( steel and agriculture in eu and usa for exemple ) some are forbidden ( sand oil export was in some eu state before ceta ) and laws are created to simplify trades . 
  where is the fee that you are talking about ? 
   yes , replacing a neighbouring trade partner with population of 450 million for a one a size of poland on the other side of the globe . 
  obviously the uk will have both free trade agreements with the eu and with many other countries around the world . 
  that is the fantastic thing about brexit . 
   you people are completely deluded with hatred towards us . 
  you might not have read my post properly because there was absolutely nothing in it that could have in any way been construed as hatred . 
  i love polish people < 3, 
   but even if the contract would contain such a clause , there 's a good chance that a court will invalidate it . 
  if you have a 30 year lease and ca n't legally use the building for your own , keeping the building empty is unreasonable . 
  traditionally the courts of england do not invalidate clauses that are unreasonable . 
  traditionally our courts respect the choices made by the parties , even if those choices are unreasonable ones . 
  but i would agree that it would be a bit surprising if the contract contained no termination provisions or prohibited subletting . 
   no debates for a national election ? 
  is that a normal thing for u.k ? 
  there is n't a normal for debates at national elections in the uk . 
  each election we have big debates about whether or not to have debates . 
  yes , this could be a significant positive for us all . 
   no , you 're wrong . 
  macron presidency is better , despite his tough stance on brexit . 
  a strong and stable eu next door is still in uk 's best interest , and far outweighs these negotiations . 
  best would have been fillon from the uk 's perspective , but macron is by far better than le pen or melenchon . 
   the uk is one of the most unequal countries in europe why is that something bad ? 
  50 % of countries in europe are below average in some metric , oh no , let 's change maths . 
   we have been talking for two days now about trump 's latest tantrum to drop out of nafta . 
  he is now dropping back in , 
  obviously the uk should join the north atlantic free trade association and the trans planetary partnership  ) ), 
   the only changes the eu need to make is how it deals with the uk , there is nothing to say it needs to change its structure , it will just be one nation less . 
  the eu has launched a discussion about the entire institutional framework , exactly because it can not just ignore brexit . 
   you do not get a say on any status the uk government will negotiate . 
  i get to vote on who will be the government . 
  the tories want the uk out of the single market , the lib dems want the uk in the single market . 
  my vote for the tories helps ensure that the uk stays out of the single market .
