  it is n't clear to me whether or not you want free trade with china and poland but i do . 
  we maybe have ten per cent catholic schools here . 
  they have a reputation for high educational standards and strict uniform policy ... 
  brexit is going to cause benefits !, 
  actually / this whole discussion started in relation to the question of the uk brexit polls and the extent to which they were right or useful . 
  i am not saying that they had no use whatsoever , but simply that they made some serious mistakes , some serious sampling problems and some methodological assumptions that turned out to be incorrect . 
  not one pollster correctly predicted that turnout would increase more in leave areas than remain areas for example , and that turned out to be crucial . 
  it is also worth noting that some pollsters ( e.g icm did not do a single poll in 2016 which put leave ahead ) . 
  the pollster that the remain campaign used was likely giving the remain campaign incorrect information during the entire campaign ( a lot of interesting stuff has been written about this in shipman 's book ) . 
  so while we can not ignore polls completely , we know for certain that in the uk both in the general election and in the referendum they had sampling and methodological flaws and we have to take that into account when relying on them . 
  free trade is good for both parties . 
   it is just normal variance . 
  there is normal variance and there is abnormal variance . 
  at some point looking at polls you have to conclude that the variance is abnormal . 
  i am not sure how closely you have looked at the brexit polls , but do you think they are normal ? 
  look how different the internet and the phone polls were from each other at various times during the campaign . 
  in the case of the uk polls pre-brexit , we know that there were sampling and methodological problems . 
  turnout in the referendum was higher than in the previous general election and a large majority of those who voted in the former but not the latter voted leave and this was something that the pollsters got wrong . 
  uk polling has a pattern of failure - in the general election 2015 , every single poll underestimated the tories and overestimated labour . 
  at some stage you have to conclude that there was n't some fair biased coin , but that the coin was faulty . 
  the uk polling council concluded exactly that . 
   as a statistical certainty , some polls will be outside the margin of error and with the amount of polling it is no wonder that they differ from each other . 
  it is true that it is statistically certain that some polls will be outside the margin of error , but if we consider the polls for the eu referendum as a whole , they are not consistent with the result . 
  some of them were very far outside the margin of error . 
  this guy is going to go down like a cup of cold sick in brussels if he continues like this . 
  from uk perspective , he is the best choice i think in terms of his likely attitude to brexit and anglo-french relations . 
   they 'll do whatever we want they also want free trade with the uk . 
  dude , i am exactly correct . 
  if poll 1 happens and it is outside the margin of error , we have to conclude that poll 1 had some sampling or methodological fault . 
  if poll 2 happens and it is also outside the margin of error , we have to draw the same conclusion in relation to poll2 . 
  the fact that if we were to add these polls together they would get a result that is inside the margin of error does not suddenly make both polls correct or a an aggregated correct poll . 
  you still have two separate wrong polls . 
  if there is one poll that is five per cent above the actual outcome and another poll that is five per cent the below the average outcome and the margin of error is three per cent , the conclusion is not that the aggregate of polls is accurate , but that both polls were wrong . 
  any chance at all of cdu/csy getting enough seats not to have a coalition ? 
  ( they almost got this last time , but i guess they lost votes since then and i guess afd and fdp will both likely get seats this time , so perhaps no ... ), 
   the aggregate as fully accurate . 
  it does not make sense statistically to aggregate polls as each different poll has different sampling methods . 
   with such attitude eu would clearly head for the fate of soviet union . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  it is weird to see posts from people hoping that my country fails . 
  i want all countries to succeed . 
  it is going to be interesting to see what happens when the uk leaves . 
  i actually recall that in the last budget discussions , [ uk and netherlands formed an alliance to stop the increases . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/david-cameron-holds-eu-talks-with-dutch-leader-mark-rutte-8312539.html ) i think that the eu will not be wanting to ask netherlands for more money right now ... 
  yeah , you did mention it was 2014 . 
  i was just pointing out that that year is n't really representative of what the uk is paying in 2016/2017 etc ( and crucially what the uk would have paid had we voted remain ) . 
  i agree that the netherlands seems to pay a surprisingly large amount , you do n't complain as much as us though !, 
  yeah , i think they are just meaning it as a joke and actually do not give a shit and they actually seem to like slovenia ... 
  yeah , i think it is all about access to international waters ... 
  thanks - that data was for 2014 ( i think the amount was quite a bit higher in the immediate preceding years and also immediately subsequent years ) . 
   yeah lithuania went from 0.9 % to 1.8 % within 3 years congrats and keep going ... 
   and from a uk perspective , it has sorta felt like the obama administration cared less for us than germany ( and to a lesser extent france ) this sort of shows that regardless of the behaviour a particular president , the relationship between uk and usa is a strong one and we should not let any particular president cloud the relationship . 
  i am friends with a few croats so my knowledge of zlovenia is a bit biased against them . 
  apparently zlovenia is trying to steal the sea from croatia or something . 
  other than that i really like its nature , 
   damn , i may actually be forced to vote cdu to keep schulz as far away from any real power as possible . 
  from where i am there is no chance of merkel being away from power whatsoever . 
  so feel free to vote fdp or whoever ... 
  even with the rebate we are significant net contributors ... 
  i think they did vote in their best interest . 
   is if both sides succeed and prosper this is the place that most eu governments are now starting to reach . 
  they ca n't afford us to fail more than they ca n't afford us to succeed . 
   we need to stay united in the eu if we want to matter on this world . 
  that is what uk voters were told too . 
  if it turns out that we can do fine in the world without the eu , there is a chance that dutch people will wonder if they are also being lied to . 
  i agree , uk and french relationship could never be about reliance . 
  it is more about recognising that we are in very similar situations in terms of how we face the world and collaborating . 
  there are currently no tariffs on trade within europe ( other than belarus and russia ) . 
  i think uk can get a fta too . 
   it would proably help though if judges were n't attacked as ` enemies of the people ' while i do n't agree with that mail headline , i do think it is important for the press to be able to criticise the judiciary . 
   or dissenters like gina miller subjected to a torrent of abuse . 
  this is awful , i agree . 
   and that 's not even to mention jo cox . 
  this was truly tragic , but i think we need to be careful before we relate it to brexit directly . 
  ( i am not saying that it is not related , just that i do n't think we have evidence either way and we do know that the murderer had mental health issues . ), 
   for now , the reasons to fear seem to exist mainly on one side . 
  i do n't think it really is a case of fear . 
  there is a lot of online anger , but that is one of the phenomena of social media generally . 
  and of course , it goes in both directions . 
  i have been called racist and all kinds of other things on this sub and elsewhere , also been subject to verbal abuse in real life because i am a leaver . 
  i suppose these strong feelings partly represent simply the importance of the question and our knowledge that we were doing something really historic , not just in uk terms , but european terms . 
  people are ultimately emotional about their nations , their identities and their histories . 
  many continental europeans were hugely emotionally involved in brexit too , imagine what it is like for us !, 
   i have to accept that the uk and the eu are not a good fit . 
  this is a really important point for the eu to accept . 
  if the eu now starts saying that the uk is exceptional , then it is easier for them to believe that no other country will leave . 
  they can also say that brexit is not a failure , but something more or less inevitable and necessary . 
  if they say that the uk is not exceptional , then there is no real reason why another country wo n't leave . 
  i think that is one of the reasons why may 's speech was important , she said that part of the reason why the uk left was because the uk was different . 
  how closely is the former related to the latter ? 
  if brexit does not fail , does that give votes to wilders ? 
  if wanting brexit to fail starts becoming a majority opinion in the eu , then obviously the uk will start trying to ensure that the eu fails . 
  it will be interesting to see if the eu and uk can both coexist prosperously or not . 
   breakfast did i just dream that whole brexit thing ? 
  this has just been about breakfast all along ? 
  i agree , it is an interesting test . 
  but some political theorists have argued that the brexit vote is an indication that british people ultimately still trust our own constitutional arrangements and institutions . 
  so far , in my view , those institutions and arrangements are managing to deal with brexit . 
  we are having of course some far reaching discussions about the relationship between our courts , our government , our parliament , our people , our media , our place in the world , how the various nations within the uk interact with each other , our laws . 
  but these discussions are happening in a peaceful way .
