  that 's a given , you wo n't close the deal if it 's not good . 
  but it wo n't be as good as a deal where you have more clout . 
  also , an argument can be made that the likes of switzerland or norway are actually small enough to get good deals , the uk is n't . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to say that small countries like norway and switzerland can get good deals as well as big entities but not middle-sized entities . 
  this to me sounds very far-fetched . 
  did canada get a good deal with its fta with the eu ? 
  or do you think they did n't get a good deal ? 
   yes , there are literally dozens of you , probable . 
  but overall the city is opposed to brexit . 
  your own article showed that feeling was mixed . 
   read again , you were n't technically contradicting me so , are you agreeing with me that impact would be neglibile ? 
  or are you disagreeing with me ? 
   i still call bs on your statement that most economists agree the impact would be negligible . 
  this has about as much value as me calling bs on your statement that most economists say that the impact would be negative . 
  i actually really like greece for a holiday !, 
  watching the euro crash would be satisfying if it did not cause real people so much pain . 
  i ca n't reven in that !, 
   wth man ? 
  how are those comparable ? 
  the point is that getting a good bargain is possible regardless of clout . 
  your position seems to be that you have to have clout to get a good bargain . 
  look at switzerland : smaller than the uk but gets good bargains . 
   yes , the uk has the city . 
  the very same city that 's such a big fan of brexit . 
  as your own source shows , the city does not speak with one voice on the eu . 
  as someone who works in the citi , i can certainly confirm that their are eusceptic voices in the city . 
   besides the fact that i call bs on your statement , you are n't even contradicting me . 
  i am contradicting you . 
  you are arguing that most economists say that the impact of a brexit would be negative on the uk economy . 
  i am saying that they say it would be negligible . 
  ultimately , what is going on with greece shows that the eurozone lacks institutions capable on handling the greek crisis . 
   wish i had more time to write but , new single supervisory mechanism/resolution mechanism these are as of yet untested , though conceptually they make sense . 
  they are not relevant to the uk though as the uk has ( sensibly ) opted out of them . 
   ecb actions preventing contagion now unlike 2009-12 ? 
  while there has not been serious financial contagion , the long term political and economic consequences of what is happening in greece are likely to be phenomenal . 
   upcoming capital markets union this is very sensible concptually , though we await the detail of it and in my mind there is strong risk that the eu over-regulates this . 
   of course you need clout to get a good deal . 
  no , small countries get very good ftas too . 
  in the same way , when i buy a product from amazon , i get a good deal , even though i myself do n't have clout . 
   also , nobody is saying switzerland or norway are n't doing just fine outside the eu . 
  rather , they are doing so well that they do n't have to join the eu but they also benefit from exceptional circumstances . 
  every country has some special circumstance or other and the uk certainly does too . 
   most economist seem to agree that an exit from the eu would have a negative impact on uk 's economy . 
  no , they do n't . 
  most economic studies seem to suggest that it would have a neglible impact . 
   within the eu you have access to deals concluded by the commission on behalf of 28 members , thus with considerably more clout than any country by itself . 
  as is shown by the article , you do n't need clout to get a good deal , which is why countries like switzerland , iceland , canada and singapore , all with smaller economies than the uk , do fine with their own trade deals . 
   if greece were on the drachma and not in the eu and had the same amount of debt racked up , they 'd be feeding on worms by now . 
  greece would not have been able to borrow so much outside the euro . 
  also , their currency would have significantly devalued . 
  they would not be in the same position now . 
   and that 's exactly where the uk will be in a few decades if you left the eu . 
  ironic , is n't it . 
  not really . 
  the uk will , outside the eu , be able to decide more things for itself , not fewer things . 
   are you saying that cacs are not much used in the land of `` tribal law '' or that the thresholds are so high that they hardly get triggered ? 
  it depends on the choice of the issuer . 
  issuing debt without a cac makes that debt cheaper . 
  ( no cacs in the uk 's own debt for example . ), 
   they would atleast in my book count as mentioned holdout provisions , that are , i guess , routinely included on newly issued bonds , here in the birthplace of all european legal systems . 
  your country is required to do this by the eu in relation to sovereign debt . 
  my country is n't . 
   aye , but did you look up economic projections 10 or 20 years down the road ? 
  i 'm not sure how sensible it is to make these predictions , given the many uncertain variables . 
  however , the uk 's current growth rate and population growth looks like it will continue to be a signifiant player for the next couple of decades . 
   but unless those projections are way off , the decline in relevance that was arguably paused by eu membership will accelerate again . 
  the eu is not working any more . 
  the uk should not limit itself to one small inward-looking corner of the globe . 
  geography becomes increasingly less important as the world becomes even more global . 
   at least from the analyses i read , there is nothing to indicate that your military will stay in the semi-relevant state of today either ( again , a fate that our countries share ) . 
  this is partly a political choice . 
  outside the eu the uk can actually fund its military better , with the savings we make . 
   france 's proposals for bamking reform ( including transaction tax ) were shelved in order to keep the uk happy . 
  these plans have not been shelved . 
  the reason why they are slow to implement is because the participating member states can not agree how to design the tax , not to keep the uk happy . 
   the uk financial industry is a lot different from the swiss . 
  it 's heavily reliant on the kind of complex , high risk products that many people would like to see gone . 
  the swiss banking mentality is traditionalist and risk averse . 
  this has no bearing on eu membership . 
   there are no sound economic arguments ( or even unsound ones ) for leaving the eu in order to be in the eea . 
  at best it would have no economic impact , leaving only the loss of political influence . 
  wanting to trade with whom we want is not economics . 
  there will be no loss of political influence outside the eu . 
   exactly . 
  short-sighted vision . 
  preserving national democracy is not short-sighted vision . 
  global standing , defence , economy , political influence all follow on from national democracy . 
  the uk can do fine with defence , economy , politics and global standing outside the eu . 
   the point is national democracy ( which i do n't see how is being threatened by the eu membership , but that 's another story ) . 
  look at greece . 
  it does n't really matter how they vote and more . 
  they might as well not have elections . 
  things are decided for them elsewhere . 
   i think we just have to agree to disagree , but mind you , being irrelevant is not necessarily bad , switzerland does just fine regardless . 
  perhaps you and i have a different view of relevance . 
  however , the uk has the fifth largest economy in the world , depending on how you measure them the fifth largest military in the world , a permanent seat on the unsc and is home to the global financial centre . 
  this seems an odd way to define irrelevance . 
   one of the major forces against further eu integration so far has precisely been uk 's position . 
  yes , the uk has been correct to oppose any further integration whatsover . 
  the rest of the eu can integrate much further if it wants though , without the uk being involved .
