  i 'm basically saying that brexit is a process that will be lengthy . 
  it is like a chess game . 
  there is no point planning all the moves because you do n't know what the other player is going to do . 
  if you are not the government you can not make any moves , you can just watch . 
  the way opposition party push for change is by presenting their plan , convincing the public and then make the `` major '' parties shift policy in their direction . 
  that 's what you do in general elections , when you are voting on who is to be the government . 
  we were n't doing that . 
  however , in terms of getting change , ukip have been very successful in getting change . 
   i quite enjoy the weather , actually . 
  hahaha !, 
  maybe today ...  there 's nothing positive in an eventual brexit for me , though , i hope you realise that ... for me it is entirely positive . 
  i also believe that in the long-run it will be better for the eu too . 
   workers put money into the economy , pensioners cost money . 
  if push comes to shove i 'm pretty sure the e.u would n't go out of their way to avoid the trade , they know the u.k are the ones who stand to loose from it . 
  i would be frankly astonished if anyone is going to have this trade , because both sides will loose . 
  the point that may is making is that it will be part of a formal agreement . 
   saying that whilst the apparent prime minister replacement claims they 'll use the eu nationals in u.k as hostages in negotiation sounds hollow . 
  i think may just said that the position of eu nationals in the uk will obviously depend partly on the position of uk nationals in the eu . 
  this would n't be my way of doing things , but i understand it . 
   you do n't need to be corrected on that , because the issue remains something that is n't any kind of challenge to orthodoxy . 
  it 's purely a french presidential hopeful taking an opportunity to get rid of something of a festering sore . 
  the question is whether or not he would have done it if we had n't voted to leave the eu . 
  my position and his position is that the two things are related , which is great . 
   there are , i 'm sure , nicer ways of saying the same thing . 
  the reality remains the same . 
  i do n't think so . 
  jobs and corporate activity is not a zero sum game . 
  we can all have good tax regimes . 
   what you are saying is all good and well , yet it completely misses the point that is made by juncker and in this thread . 
  yes , we are talking at cross purposes . 
  we have been doing this for the last 40 years , so it does not surprise me that we are still doing it . 
  for me the main reason to leave the eu was to enhance our national democracy . 
  the fact that no plan is immediately in place immediately is not a concern for me as that is now entirely within the realm of national democracy . 
  personally i trust this as a way of making decisions and coming up with plans . 
  the fact that juncker ( and other people in this thread ) find that very notion difficult is exactly why i was in favour of leave and you and juncker were in favour of remain . 
   i would argue that the eu faces more problems long-term while the uk will have to face problems very shortly . 
  on this i agree . 
  one of the reasons why europeans are celebrating the current political excitement in the uk is because they know that the moment that things start looking up in the uk is the moment that things become really tough in the eu . 
   that does n't make it a democratic novelty . 
  it 's not an undiscussed issue , but a reasonably prominent one in france . 
  while it has been discussed in france , my understanding is that prior to brexit the only politicians proposing it were local to the calais area ( and thus people without any competences in that regard ) . 
  i 'm not aware of anyone in national politics that was proposing it outside the context of brexit , but happy to be corrected on that . 
   we have a low tax regime because we lack a sizeable domestic market . 
  that , in turn , means that our only chance of hosting large companies , with the employment and further business opportunities that generates , is by becoming a semi tax haven . 
  it 's a parasitic model . 
  personally i think ireland 's low tax regime is just one of the many things that makes ireland a great place to do business , including language , legal system , simple tax regime , highly educated and efficient work force etc etc. 
  also , i think calling it parasitic is the wrong word . 
   the same will not apply to the uk if it decides to adopt our parasitic lifestyle . 
  i 'm not sure what the eu can do about the uk 's tax levels , but my hope is that many eu countries reduce their own tax levels as that will help with jobs and growth in europe . 
   i would argue this has demonstrably changed , whether people like to admit it or not , the tone in which this campaign was fought and won most certainly puts a big question mark above that value . 
  it will be interesting to see if this changes , but personally i think that it is a bit too early to say . 
  in my view british people remain very tolerant , 
   your politicians neither have a plan for the future reforms of the eu ( why should they ? ), 
  no , but we are watching your chancellor 's and your minister of finance 's plans with interest   nor do they have a plan for leaving the eu or keeping the uk together . 
  these plans can be made in the fullness of time . 
  i am not in an urgent rush . 
   opportunities arising from this situation can not be attributed to your politicians . 
  i am attributing them to the british electorate rather than to our politicians . 
   i think it is kind of telling that the eu and the governement of the other big eu countries seem to be better prepared for a brexit vote than your politicians are . 
  that does n't surprise me , because the impact of a brexit is existential for the eu in a way that it is n't for the uk . 
  for us it is going to be `` keep calm and carry on '' . 
  there is a reason why brexit has a massive amount of news coverage in your country and why people like you are so interested in it . 
  it is the biggest event in europe since the end of communism . 
  for the eu you are now faced with an existential dilemma - do you keep going with integration or do you stop ? 
  for the uk we are now mostly just faced with a procedural question - how the fuck do we get out of this eu ? 
  your question is the more complex one . 
  no , we will stay in all of those . 
  it was only the eu that was intolerable , the un , imf and wto are mostly fine . 
   sorry , but the idea that jupp\u00e9 putting the touquet agreement on his manifesto is some kind of democratic novelty that comes out of brexit is just absurd . 
  i believe that he specifically said that he was putting it in his manifesto because of brexit . 
   `` race to the top '' ? 
  good grief . 
  we should n't overtax people in the uk anymore than ireland should overtax people !, 
  reducing tax is a good thing and i am glad both uk and ireland have low tax regimes . 
   therefore cameron was instrumental in the referendum taking place , with or without support of the general population . 
  yes , we should be grateful to cameron for getting us the referendum , which a majority of people wanted and a majority of parliamentarians wanted . 
   i 'm glad you 're enjoy it , but as a eu national living in the uk , i 'm certainly not . 
  i must admit some of my eu national friends in the uk have not enjoyed this process , though interestingly some of them did join the vote leave campaign . 
  however , the things that you like about the uk ( open tolerant culture , good music and popular culture , good job market , fun humour ) have not changed . 
  the things you hate about the uk ( food , weather , high costs , somewhat difficult-to-get-to-know-people ) have not changed either !, 
  i hope you enjoy being in the uk and that we are good hosts to you !, 
   farage for example could 've steared the uk in a certain direction by scrutinizing the entire negotiation process ( if need be from a distance ) , yet he chooses not to do so . 
  apparently farage is still going to do this within the eu parliament . 
   after elections , politicians also see through that their party program is ( at least partially ) implemented and take all the heat for it . 
  we had a referendum , not an election . 
  parliament and the government have not changed . 
   why should n't johnson and farage see this through until the bitter end ? 
  because the latter also includes taking the heat for false promises as well as failing to deliver on those very promises . 
  johnson wanted to become pm but gove destroyed him . 
  that 's why he pulled out of the tory leadership . 
  farage achieved his life 's ambition already . 
  from a personal perspective , i think the uk will get a better outcome with relatively less input from farage and johnson , so i am pleased . 
   i do not expect the government to implement a ukip plan , but i do expect a single-issue party to have a plan for that one issue . 
  there are in fact many many plans about how to leave the eu and a range of people over the years have made various suggestions . 
  even the ukip manifesto for the general election had some detail on this . 
  the truth is that making a very detailed plan would make no sense because we are now entering a renegotiation and we can not predict how the eu will respond . 
  this is a process with uncertain and moving parts . 
  the key is being able to react as events progress rather that sticking to some rigid script which will soon be out of date . 
   yes , one can develop a plan over time . 
  but it is a better bet to have a vague idea/plan and then alter it on the go .
