  several countries ( germany , finland ) want to use the current crisis to reform and synchronise economies and protect eurobonds against public backslash ( `` corrupt uncompetitive south '' ) . 
  there is really no certainty that stronger eurozone sovereigns will be happy to guarantee the obligations of weaker eurozone sovereigns . 
  this could mean that borrowing costs rise for the stronger sovereigns . 
  i 'm not sure their electorate will buy that . 
  page 6 of the [ ons report ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/dcp171778_347785.pdf ) says : \u2022 the number of men working full-time , increased by 127,000 to reach 13.99 million . 
  \u2022 the number of men working part-time , increased by 49,000 to reach 2.17 million . 
  \u2022 the number of women working full-time increased by 94,000 to reach 8.06 million . 
  \u2022 the number of women working part-time increased by 10,000 to reach 5.94 million . 
  thus it does look like most of these jobs are full time . 
  very good news for great britain . 
   tsipras already has one position secured . 
  he 's going to be the next greek pm . 
  really ? 
  is this view a widely-held one in greece / cyprus ? 
  i would be very surprised if he became the next greek pm . 
  ( but i suppose i do n't really understand greek politics ... ), 
  we do have a red card for cameron - it is called the general election . 
  well - we in the uk are n't really familiar with the concept of official language anyway . 
  the uk does not have a * de jure * official language , it is just by habit and convention that we use english . 
  the way that we english view our language also tends to be pragmatic ( and again we differ from the french here ) . 
  an english dictionary describes how language is used , while a french dictionary tends to prescribe how language should be used . 
  that 's why we have no concept of * academie francaise * in britain . 
  i do n't think the eu needs a single * de jure * official language and i expect that english is going to become more and more the * de facto * official language . 
   we are in a scenario where english is made the official language of the eu , i considered this more of a thought experiment . 
   well - that 's okay then !, 
    how about making it a requirement for the a level ? 
  currently languages are not even required for gcse ...  when i am travelling , of course i use english . 
  and so do brits . 
  i agree , there is a way to be polite when travelling and being in a place where you do n't speak the native language . 
  but i think the issue here is about being polite and managing a few basic greetings rather than learning a language . 
   i think you ca n't be a good european citizen if you 're not aware of the fact that the language you happen to speak from birth is just one among many others , and that to communicate with other cultures you have to make your tiny bit of effort their way . 
  well - most brits do n't consider themselves to be european citizens anyway . 
  so i think not being a `` good '' european citizen is least of the worries . 
  the reality is that all brits are aware that they speak one language among many and they are grateful that their language ended up as the global lingua franca . 
  but - we brits are pragmatists , unlike our * meilleurs ennemis outremanche * - who tend towards idealism - so we look at the world that exists rather than the world that we would like to exist . 
  and the world that exists lets you speak english . 
   i think it should be made compulsory that everybody is fluent in at least two languages . 
  most would pick english obviously . 
  and the brits would have to learn another language . 
  this is unrealistic . 
  how are you going to make it compulsory ? 
  what are your sanctions for non-compliance ? 
   learning languages is not that difficult if it serves a purpose . 
  this is your answer . 
  for brits , learning another language does n't really serve a purpose . 
   i think in some ways , making every european citizen ( and that includes the brits and the irish ) that they are part of a community in which loads of people do n't speak the same mother tongue and it does n't really matter because languages are just new ways of communicating you can learn if you like communicating with different people is more of a need than having an official language for all common business through europe . 
  but a brit would answer that most people in the eu learn english already . 
  so brits can already communicate with most people . 
  also , brits are never going to be able to learn every language in the eu , so they will never be able to communicate with everyone . 
   if you ca n't persuade the brits that being monolingual is silly in a european union that gathers 24 different official languages , then there is a problem . 
  a problem for whom ? 
  being monolingual is not a problem for most british people . 
  if it were a problem for them , they would learn other languages . 
   i do n't want to live in a europe where 450 millions of people are bi/tri/multilingual and the brits are not . 
  you already do . 
  the only trouble is you 'll never persuade brits and the irish not to be monolingual unless there is a real need for them to learn other languages . 
  it is very hard to invent a need when there is n't currenly one . 
   i know , i am german myself . 
   what i was getting to : all those economic migrants pouring into germany will drive labor costs and wages down for everyone . 
  that 's what happens in a job market , where the labor supply side gets a big boost from immigration . 
   so this is great and all for the economy and the relatively few employers , but the average worker and employee will loose out due to increased competition and decreasing wages . 
  this phenomenon has been discussed ad nauseam in the uk ... 
  since milk became something that brits bought in supermarkets ( rather than found on the doorstep in the morning ) we have stopped minding that it is not measured in pints . 
  i think beer being measured in something other than pints will be quite a game-changer ... 
  the headline is definitely a welcome one for the british voters and sceptics generally . 
  i wonder , though , if schulz 's threshold of what constitutes a justifiable interference and my threshold are aligned ? 
  because fewer and fewer people are learning french . 
  fiscal evasion means illegally not paying taxes . 
  the trouble with the eu 's ftt is that it will be possible to structure transactions so that payment of those taxes can be avoided legally . 
  sweden tried it and it did n't work in sweden so they decided to get rid of it and not participate in the eu ftt . 
  you 're right - british people can also use the internet . 
  i despair of my fellow countrymen who choose to live on government handouts rather than work . 
   if your financial institution is established in one of the participating member states please contact us now or after the ftt is established so we can help with the understanding of the proposed directive , aid in structuring so that your business has the lowest impact from the tax and determine which systems require amendment in the face of the ftt . 
  this is why i do n't have much confidence in the ftt ever coming to life in any meaningful way . 
  lawyers will just advise those entering financial transactions how to avoid the ftt regime . 
  very poor maths from the telegraph !, 
  it makes me lose a bit of confidence in the rest of the article . 
  i have every sympathy for individuals who move to a different country for work . 
  certainly , i would consider doing the same if i were out of work . 
  living in london i encounter `` eurozone economic refugees '' every day . 
  however , this situation does represent a dramatic failure of government policies . 
  in the case of the uk , successive uk governments have allowed long-term unemployed british nationals to stay out of work and live on state handouts and benefits and instead imported cheap labour from overseas to make up any labour shortfall . 
  the uk government should be doing more to encourage unemployed british people to fill job vacancies in the uk . 
  in the case of those european countries where unemployment is high , it is not acceptable for them to try and solve this problem by exporting labour . 
  the brain drain and the lost generation will cause problems for these countries for years to come . 
  much more should be done to create jobs in these countries and the ultimate responsibility here lies with the governments of these countries . 
  also - i find it remarkable - and somewhat unbelievable - that the uk is now the country in europe creating the most jobs , significantly more even than germany . 
  the separation of retail banking from commercial banking means that , if commercial banks make poor investments , the taxpayer will not need to bail them out , because retail banking will not be impacted . 
  we will see how well it works . 
  i expect that the uk will end the quantitative easing programme within the next 12 months , as it is starting to look like unemployment is falling dramatically and growth is accelerating . 
  even if the uk did join the financial transactions tax , there still would not have been any way of stopping companies set up subsidiaries outside the eu and structuring transactions so that they took place in hong kong , singapore or new york . 
  thus , it is unlikely that any revenue would be gained even with then uk participation . 
  instead , those countries with large financial services sectors ( uk , luxembourg and ireland ) would have lost a huge amount of revenue . 
  obviously , the uk , ireland and luxembourg did not want that to happen . 
  anyway , a financial transaction is not of itself am abuse of any financial system provided it complies with all laws . 
  the main financial services reforms that have been specific to the uk have been ( i ) financial services act 2010 ( a total re-write of the uk 's financial services regulators and creation of entirely new regulators with vastly different powers ) , ( ii ) banking act 2013 ( a system which largely separates retail banking from wholesale banking ) and ( iii ) uk implementation of basel changes , requiring uk banks to hold more regulatory capital than the eu rules require ( so-called super-equivalence ) . 
  as for quantitative easing , you 're right that this is not financial services reform . 
  whether it has been a good policy remains to be seen . 
  i 'm not necessarily in favour myself , but arguably it has kept unemployment in the uk low ( at a time that unemployment spirals out of control in much of europe ) and now the uk has returned to growth ( although of course we have challenges ! ) . 
  the uk and the czech republic did not sign the fiscal compact , that is true .
