  the imf should not write down its claims . 
  third world shareholders of the imf should not lose money to prop up the euro . 
  that would be incredibly immoral . 
  eh , switzerland has not been damaged by breaking the peg . 
  switzerland is doing fine . 
  a peg is relatively easy to break . 
  a currency union is n't . 
  outside the eu , switzerland is free to make free trade agreements around the globe . 
  if greece had not been in the euro , they would not have been able to borrow so much . 
  outside the euro , they could devalue . 
  lol . 
  this has everything to do with the euro . 
  i 'm sure the other countries would n't ignore a referendum , would they ? 
  switzerland does fine . 
  they can change the law . 
  the law is not made my god . 
  it is made by men . 
  and men can change the law . 
  the irish definitely have it !, 
  i agree , i was wondering if there was some finnish law problem with a referendum . 
  there is precedent for a referendum on the euro as sweden had one ... 
  that does n't stop finland having a referendum though . 
  in what respect is the referendum impossible ? 
   are you really so blind that you ca n't understand that eu needs a fiscal union to accompany the monetary union ? 
  the eurozone needs this . 
  obviously , the uk will not be part of it . 
   you know that the ez grew as much as the uk in the last quater ? 
  when considering the impact of the euro , it does not make sense to consider the growth of the eurozone as a whole , because it is not a transfer union . 
  it makes sense to consider each state within the euro . 
  some states do much worse out of it than others . 
  it does n't work for everyone but greece . 
  there is sustained poor economic growth and high unemployment in various eurozone countries . 
   this is not about curreny . 
  it is fundamentally about currency . 
  you can not have a successful currency union without a transfer union . 
  you need to transfer money to greece and be realistic . 
   but ... how is greeces situation different from a normal person declaring bankcruptcy ? 
  [ i am astonished that germany and germans seem to think that it is appropriate to try and treat greece like an involvent company , though they share a single currency . 
  there is just so much wrong with this sentiment that i do n't know where to start . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11737319/germany-wants-to-treat-greece-like-a-bust-company.html ), 
   i disagree . 
  the euro works perfectly for disciplined economies . 
  admittedly , greece is not one of them . 
  even for disciplined countries , the euro does not work well , as no matter how much discipline there is , macro-economic shocks impact different economies in different ways . 
  obviously , vastly different economies can not share a single currency without a transfer mechanism . 
  it was widely predicted that the euro would cause devastation and this has been proven true . 
  the only way to solve the crisis is for the eurozone to be disbanded or to become a transfer union . 
  the uk should not be bailing out a failed currency union . 
  i think it was a german joke ? 
  it has everything to do with the euro . 
  had greece not joined the euro , they would not have been able to borrow so much and they would also have been able to devalue their currency . 
   i do n't doubt it . 
  but what i am trying to say is that the uk can still be part of the bailout and contribute its fair share , outside ecb . 
  a fair share for the uk is zero . 
  the uk stayed out of the euro , because the uk knew that it would not work . 
  the uk should not be on the hook for the failed euro . 
  if greece leaves the euro , then of course i would be happy that the uk contributes to the efforts to rebuild greece . 
  however , keeping greece in the euro is just going to destroy them even more . 
   i have no idea what the efsm treaties and amendments say . 
  [ i 've just tried to read them to check the legal position , but for some reason the link on the commission webpage to the underlying regulation is broken ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu_borrower/efsm/index_en.htm ) and says that the requested document does not exist . 
   if britain just got a handshake and some nice words , the eu can use that fund and they probably will . 
  the political ramifcations will be incredible . 
  surely they do n't want to risk that ? 
   this whole disaster has finally turned me anti-eu . 
  welcome on board . 
  oxi !!!!, 
  i can not really believe that the eu will try and use efsm . 
  this would be an insane thing to do . 
  they ca n't be that insane , can they ? 
  ... can they ? 
   the ec is now recommending efsm funds to be tapped for bridge financing ... i can hear / u/trucidator uncorking champagne right now ... 
  i do n't think this has been confirmed yet , but i do have champagne on standby . 
  if the uk has to pay anything the conservative party will have a melt-down !, 
  the amount of popcorn and beer i have enjoyed over the last couple of weeks watching the eurozone flail around in the dark has been spectacular !, 
  ( it 's a shame that it this disaster is causing so much misery to people . 
  however , they should have listed to the british eusceptics ... ! ), 
   i 'm curious , what would happen if greece were to suddenly say fuck it an not repay imf debt ? 
  it has already done this . 
  however , ultimately it is almost impossible to get money back from a sovereign that refuses . 
  there are no really effective mechanism for making a sovereign insolvent or obtaining its assets , because most of its assets are on its territory and sovereigns tend not to comply with these being taken . 
   tbh being hung up on laws when reality dictates that the law is terrible is one of the huge problems in this whole crisis . 
  the law has to bend to society , not the other way around . 
  the eu has phenomenally slow mechanisms for changing the eu treaties , requiring unanimity . 
  referendums in various countries would be triggered . 
  ( having said that , they have known that this law needs to be changed for the last five years and it could have been done by now . 
  they have mostly wasted this time . ), 
  lagarde has a massive political conflict of interest and has been spectacularly poor in the imf role . 
  she should get out before she is forced out . 
  the ez needs to change the treaties to allow for debt transfers . 
  ( obviously , the imf should not have to have a haircut , given the many countries in the world that are much poorer than greece that are shareholders in the imf and the fact that the countries are not sharing a currency with greece ... ), 
  free trade , travel etc can easily happen without the eu , as shown by the many other countries in the world which make easy travel arrangements and trade arrangements with each other . 
  has there been anything at all in the last couple of weeks that has worried you about the eu approach to the greek crisis ? 
  or has it all been perfectly fine ? 
   what if poland invades portugal ? 
  uk should then declare war on poland . 
  this could escalate . 
   if the uk was not already in the eu then i would oppose us joining . 
  this is a cost versus benefits exercise . 
  when voting on staying in the eu , remember that no option is status quo . 
  staying on the eu means a relentless drift towards federalism .
