  parliament is sovereign in the uk . 
  if parliament do not like what the government is doing , they can force it not to . 
   and now westminster is denying them the right to vote on independence it does not look like the scottish people want a vote on independence right now . 
  the uk government has not denied them one . 
   democracy requires that the people be capable of making an informed , rational decision . 
  not everyone is capable of this . 
   when they demonstrably understand the situation you want to take the vote away from people with learning difficulties . 
  sounds fascist to me . 
   you accept newspapers that incite hate and spread blatant lies in a free press ? 
  if press breach the law then they should be prosecuted , but we should of course allow the press to criticise religions . 
  i am not aware of the press criticising people 's ethnicities . 
   because people like you are complacent and assume tradition protects you . 
  having a robust and vibrant democracy protects us in my view , where there is an independent press and independent judiciary . 
  i do n't take these things for granted ( they should be defended vigorously ) but i do n't think you will succeed in removing them . 
   the worst that will happens is a decade of economic contraction ??? 
  you think the uk economy will contract for ten years ? 
  not going to happen ( unless the uk government goes full on north korea ) . 
   as a citizen of the republic , if a hard border goes in ... i think shit would get real very quickly . 
  that is why i think your government will not put in place a hard border . 
  ( the uk government definitely wo n't . ), 
   there is no reason to trust the british public this is pretty much your argument . 
   so dry that not even the scottish or the welsh or the northern irish have any idea of what is going on , let alone being part of negotiations . 
  everyone in the uk got a vote . 
  the government represents the entire uk . 
   there ca n't be discussion if the government says nothing . 
  actually , there can be discussion even if the government is silent . 
   ah , so to you democracy ends with a vote , and from then on only the government has a say . 
  no , everyone can say what they like . 
  parliament , if it is not happy with the government , can bring down the government any time it likes !, 
  parliament can pass any legislation it likes !, 
  the press can say what it likes !, 
  of course there can be public views !, 
  but you do need to understand that the british people did vote to leave the eu !, 
   given how much of a problem scotland has what problem ? 
  scotland has high growth and low unemployment like the rest of the uk . 
  scottish people get the same votes as everyone else . 
   seriously , just because that is how it was always done before , does n't make it a good idea . 
  are you suggesting that we should disenfranchise people who have low education or low knowledge about things ? 
  would you take the vote away from my downs ' syndrome sister , who has no knowledge about the eu or politics ? 
   having a press mainly controlled by moguls like murdoch is hardly a free press . 
  there is a wide range of political opinion in our free press and individuals are free to read what they like or write what they like . 
  this is what you would expect in a plural liberal democracy . 
   the british are not inherently superior and are as vulnerable to this as any other nation . 
  the british are certainly not superior , but democracy ( and democratic values ) are more strongly engrained in some cultures than others . 
  as i mentioned before , we can all image that our democracy ends and we become a fascist dictatorship . 
  but let 's stick within the range of reasonable expectation . 
  the strong likelihood is that we continue to be a liberal democracy . 
   the problem is that this kills off long term research , large costly projects that take years to construct , and harms anything that does not lead to immediate application . 
  this is destructive . 
  uk has some phenomenal universities and research facilities . 
  i do n't agree that having the funding subject to the political process harms this research . 
   except the uk wants to scrap many environmental regulations from europe on the ground that it reduces profits from industry and fishing . 
  in spite of the clear evidence of what will happen if those laws are revoked . 
  those of us who want good environmental regulations in place should not fear making and winning the argument for them in our democracy . 
  either you trust our democracy or you do n't . 
   your complacency is obscene , and shows how out of touch you are with the situation there . 
  you presume that things ca n't go backwards , people on both sides of the border know that this is bullshit . 
  i do not see any serious risk of the peace process in northern ireland ending . 
   hard to start a journey when you ca n't agree direction . 
  we are definitely leaving the eu . 
  as for what the country does for the rest of its life , that is a question that we will have forever . 
  the direction can change , as the views of the electorate change . 
   plus , only agreeing on the `` from '' by 2 % of voters is n't resounding . 
  i agree , it was not resounding . 
  however , it was a mandate to leave the eu , so that is the minimum the people expect . 
   the uk has n't even managed to move past `` brexit means brexit '' . 
  the pm is keeping her powder dry , but this does not mean that there is not a plan . 
  it is fairly clear that we are leaving the customs union and the single market . 
   there is no national discussion on the matter we have actually discussed little else for the last six months . 
  all day every day look at the discussions we are having on hear . 
  all day every day the newspapers are full of it , parliament discusses it . 
   in fact this is completely ignoring the public as a whole ( not to mention scotland and ni ) . 
  the public as a whole voted to leave the eu . 
  the government is doing the opposite of ignoring the public . 
  the government is carrying out the wishes of the public . 
   frankly , if you still are asking this question in spite of all the warnings , then it is too late to help you . 
  i am simply asking you what you think is the worst that will happen . 
  i thought you wanted to engage in this debate !, 
   research the amount that the uk funds research is a political question for our democracy . 
  personally i favour giving high amounts to scientific research , but less to some other fields . 
   environmental policy , human rights policy this is a political question . 
  how we want to manage environmental risks in the uk is something we can debate in our parliaments and decide using the democratic process . 
   northern ireland , the good news is that northern ireland is currently very peaceful and that the uk and ireland are united in their approach to the peace process . 
   letting people vote on something without any knowledge of what they are voting about this happens every general election . 
  it is part of being in a democracy . 
   and allowing hate rags to run rampant and increase prejudices is how democracies destroy themselves . 
  having a free press is crucial in a democracy . 
   it 's happened several times before . 
  not in the uk . 
   and now you leavers ca n't take any criticism of the uk 's total lack of preparation the uk is preparing . 
  this takes time . 
   now many like you would rather deny us even the right to speak . 
  i am a great believer in free speech and in particular our free press . 
  you can say exactly what you like ( though obviously on here you will have to abide by the rules of this sub ) . 
   if you think that it ca n't get worse then you are completely deluded . 
  obviously , we can all theoretically imagine that the uk becomes the next north korea , but let 's try and keep predictions within the range of likelihood . 
  the reality is that the uk will , once we leave the eu , continue to be a liberal democracy in north west europe with better than average television but worse than average weather . 
  what do you really think will be worse ? 
   all you are doing is showing why you should not let people who have no idea of what they are talking about had a say . 
  letting people vote , regardless of their knowledge , is fundamental to our democracy .
