   that referendum going against the will of eu never resulted in any negative consequences for eu , as it always walked over the result the brexit referendum result wo n't be walked over fortunately . 
   we have been giving the uk markedly more space than other countries . 
  heaven forbid giving voters space ... 
   regulatory alignment is how trade agreements function . 
  you 'll have to follow said regulations . 
  there is harmonisation as one alternative ( eu 's preference ) and there is mutual recognition ( uk and usa 's preference ) . 
   if the usa stay commited to nato it will be a leverage for the uk agains ' t the eu ? 
  it will simply show to those european nato countries that uk 's influence is important . 
   the fact remains that these statements created a sense of comfort around the idea of leaving the eu in the british voter 's mind before the campaign began and this comfort was never withdrawn . 
  i do n't think that the single market was something that cut through during the campaign ( or has ever really cut through to joe public ) . 
  i knocked on hundreds of doors during the campaign and it basically never came up . 
  the remain side explained it terribly ( partly because it is very difficult to explain ) . 
  since the referendum there has been this absurd conflation of `` access to the single market '' with `` in the single market '' , but i do n't think it is getting through to the voter . 
  as it happens , even when our prime minister announces to the world that the uk is leaving the single market , british voters ' seem very relaxed about it and so does the british economy . 
  keep calm and carry on shopping i guess . 
  [ currently they want to try to get it through the house of commons by 8 february , we will find out during the second reading how easy that is . ], 
  ( http://services.parliament.uk/bills/2016-17/europeanunionnotificationofwithdrawal/stages.html ) the house of lords timetable has not yet been prepared , [ currently that seems like it might add a couple of weeks ] ( http://services.parliament.uk/bills/2016-17/europeanunionnotificationofwithdrawal.html ) . 
  the queen will give her royal assent immediately after that , so we could be looking at around the end of february . 
   no , the campaign claimed you could leave the union and still enjoy the benefits of the single market , which is what the several links above are showing . 
  they are saying that we can leave the eu and still trade with the single market . 
  that is true . 
  that is what we voted for . 
  we do not want to be in the single market , so we will leave it . 
  theresa may said it loudly and clearly . 
  british people are pleased by what she said . 
  eu people seem butt hurt about it , not sure why . 
  i hope europeans have a fantastic time in the eu without us . 
  hopefully you will be able to finish your currency union and all the very best of luck with that . 
   are you being deliberately obtuse or are you just massively confused ? 
  i prefer not to use the term `` access '' because it is pointless and vague . 
  but to the extent that someone chooses to use it , it should be noted that every country in the world has access to the single market . 
   the average pierre will not see a single change in france . 
  the average pierre will see the uk doing fine outside the eu and then wonder why france could n't do the same . 
   that will probably be handy when it will be time to renegociate touquet 's treaty for exemple . 
  start negotiating whenever you want . 
   do you also deny that the soft brexit was a thing in every single british newspapers for months ? 
  a lot of people have been talking about how we might leave the eu :-) the term `` soft brexit '' only appeared after the referendum . 
  i do not like this term , because it has no real definition , but some people took it to mean the uk staying in the single market . 
  i want the uk to leave the single market , along with most brexiteers , so am glad that we will leave the single market . 
  some remainers wanted a soft brexit . 
  they are not going to get it . 
   this masquerade ends not sure what you mean by the masquerade , but the fun has only just started . 
  this is going to have profound implications for france . 
   `` keeping access to the single market '' , which is what my link and the others confirmed . 
  every country in the world has access to the single market . 
  the uk , once it leaves the single market , will still have access to it . 
   you said `` brexiters did not want soft brexit '' , you 've been proven wrong with a wealth of links , just admit you were talking out of your ass and move on . 
  i find the term `` soft brexit '' a bit pointless because it is undefined . 
  in the uk some people have used it to mean `` staying inside the single market '' . 
  but if you are using it in a different way , let me know in what way you are using it . 
  the point is that that the government claimed that the uk would end up outside the single market it we voted leave , the leave campaign said we should leave the single market , now we are going to leave the single market . 
  this is exactly what i wanted to happen when i voted leave . 
   you are aware there is a actual reason why this countries have such a high budget ? 
  greece is constantly threatened by turkey . 
  and estonia and poland by russia . 
  so i would think twice about before calling this actions `` selfless '' . 
  i am not calling it selfless , i am calling it sensible and part of the shared commitment that all nato members agreed . 
  this does not say that the uk will be in the single market . 
  here he is asking for tariff free trade . 
  [ andrew neil has addressed it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st8fkefynzm ), 
   so freeloading is not reaching that 2 % goal ? 
  what kind of press told you that ? 
  russia today ? 
  if nato was important to you , you would want your country to help pay for it , like estonia , poland and greece do . 
  as a brit i think it is fantastic that we have great nato allies like estonia , poland and greece who take mutual defence seriously . 
  i wish more countries would take it seriously . 
   reality is that it would n't change anything if the usa or uk would cut its spendings by 50 % . 
  the nato has so many members and such a huge army , paired with a gigantic nuclear potential . 
  what could possible happen ? 
  nato members all agreed that the 2 % target was important . 
  if they did not think this , they should have agreed a different number or simply say that they do n't think they should pay but that other countries should pay their share . 
  that would be more honest . 
   boris johnson : i 'd vote to stay in the single market ( 2013 ) this was before he knew whether or not the eu was going to be reformed . 
   boris johnson : uk will ` still have access to single market ' despite brexit ( june 27 , 2016 ) this was after the referendum and it does not say that the uk will be in the single market . 
  [ that has been completely discredited . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st8fkefynzm ), 
   it 's just a bypass around the high court ruling . 
  it is complying exactly with the supreme court ruling , which basically said the government needs permission from parliament . 
  this is a bill for parliament to give the government that permission . 
  what other substance is needed ? 
  none of these statements are taken in their actual context . 
  it is basically fakenews . 
   and the answer for uk is to flee into trump area of influence uk is going to convince trump that nato is important . 
  that is incredibly important . 
  no point having a tantrum about what he said , best to do something practical . 
  the countries that do not think nato is important are the ones who do not pay for it . 
  let 's hope they start paying for it rather than freeloading off the uk and the usa . 
  the one interesting thing is that there is no timing limitation . 
  but rumours are she wants to do it shortly after the royal assent . 
   do you want me to bring out the 200 gazillions times farage and bojo explained that the uk will keep access to the single market ? 
  find me where they said we would stay in the single market . 
   do you remember the `` soft brexit '' where the uk was cherry picking whatever it wanted from the eu ? 
  that thing never existed outside that brexiter 's fantasy . 
  brexiteers did not want soft brexit . 
  it was a fantasy that remainers wanted . 
   60 billions euros is about 10 years of uk 's eu fee . 
  how can they make their biggot plebs agree with that ? 
  taxation without representation . 
  the divorce bill is not meant to be taxation , but what we already owe .
