  none of the electorate knows the names of those european parties or who is currently in government etc. 
  but inside the eu , britain ca n't make a free trade agreement with australia and this is crazy . 
  the uk and australia share a language , a political system , a legal system and a head of state . 
  any dane on here able to give a context / explanation . 
  got ta love danish comedy !, 
  the anglosphere is very relevant . 
  the uk is going to stay very close to the usa . 
  the uk , canada , australia , new zealand and ireland are very culturally similar . 
  this is n't empire . 
  these are trade ties , diplomacy , co-operation and so forth . 
  the world is global . 
  the uk needs links over the whole world , not just europe . 
  actually , the brussels / strasbourg dual seat vote is not a good example . 
  that vote was symbolic and a massive majority of meps voted to end the travelling circus . 
  how ukip voted had no impact whatsoever . 
  nothing changes because the meps do not have power over this issue . 
  we need treaty change to get that thru , which requires unanimity and a french oui . 
  good luck with that !, 
  i am not close enough to scottish constituencies enough to cite the detail right now ( am on a phone ) but i think close to the borders . 
  it is possible that there will be some lib dem / tory churn in scotland , and i expect also some labour / tory churn . 
  the conservative party are now going to have to change policy to move closer to the ukip position . 
  why hypocritical ? 
  yeah , but the uk is no closer to europe ( in terms of politics , culture and history ) than it is to india , usa and the rest of the anglosphere . 
  the uk wants more ties with the growing parts of the world . 
  we see india , usa , japan , brazil etc as are friends . 
  we see europe as our neighbour . 
  i think based on this result there is a chance that the tories could gain seats in scotland in 2015 . 
  it will be tough , but not impossible . 
  depends how september goes of course !, 
  i am also voting ukip locally . 
  i am not sure that uk 's interests are damaged by there being more ukip meps . 
  was there any specific thing you were referring to ? 
  another somewhat surprising thing was how well the conservative vote held up in scotland . 
  haha - the conservatives are not proeu , they want a renegotiation and a repatriation of powers and a referendum . 
  the labour party did not mention europe in their campaign . 
  how did the `` party of in '' get on ? 
  haha !, 
  not listening to the electorate seems to be a good theme in the eu . 
  that 's one of the big reasons for lack of popularity . 
  yeah , but somehow we now have more than that , with a parliament in two places , a cap , leading eu politicians calling for a federal europe , an anthem and a flag , a high representative for foreign affairs etc. 
  brits do n't want any of that stuff . 
  we need out . 
  because voting ukip is the best way of keeping the ecr honest . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not bigotry . 
  and , increasingly , a resistance from the voters . 
  i do n't want ever closer union of the peoples of europe . 
  britain will be getting this bit out of the treaty , or at the very least ensuring that britain gets an opt-out from it . 
  yeah , this is kinda why it makes sense for the uk to go it alone and why i voted ukip . 
  this is what i think too . 
  we should have more satire and humour in politics . 
  no , the political parties did explain their message to the people in the uk . 
  the people in the uk just liked the message of ukip the most . 
  how are you feeling about ukip in scotland ? 
  ukip openly gay candidate won the seat as i expected . 
  the markets will price in the frexit in advance . 
  france will be able to trade with the uk fine . 
  the uk will still want to trade with france . 
  me too , this was a good day for an europe of free , democratic , peaceful , independent and sovereign nations . 
  where the uk can go , the czech republic can follow . 
  yeah : i agree that there are costs and benefits . 
  personally i think that the costs outweigh the benefits . 
  also , there is a strong federalist element among the brussels elite . 
  brits do n't like that . 
  maybe time for us to separate ? 
  we get sovereignty ( which is what we want ) and you get federalism ( which is what you want ) . 
  everyone is a winner . 
  i agree with what you are saying , there is always a risk of conflict . 
  however , i am not sure that the eu is exactly the right solution to that risk . 
  i think we need to get other countries to a place where the uk and france are , and i think that is about good civil institutions and democracy , trade and the rule of law . 
  i think national governments do this better than the eu because people do n't , for whatever reason , think that brussels has anything to with their lives . 
  there is n't really a shared european political consciousness . 
  we ca n't veto all new laws though . 
  we can get outvoted by the other countries on some issues . 
  i kind of get what you are saying about eastern europe : we already have seen what is happening in ukraine . 
  however , i do n't think it makes sense to talk about western europe in the same terms . 
  britain and france ( who did have many wars in our histories ) seem to have gone to a different place . 
  we have been in an entente cordiale for 100 years and before that there was another 100 years of peace . 
  i do n't think the uk and france need to be in the eu to be peaceful and cooperative allies . 
  i think we can do it anyway . 
  we already have a bilateral military alliance ( basically because we do n't trust the rest of the eu ) . 
  i understand what you want , but i am not sure if a majority of people want this , particularly in my own country . 
  i think it is now time to find out what the brits want with an in-out-referendum . 
  also , i do n't see why saying no the eu is irrational , nationalistic or will destroy europe . 
  i do n't think that the eu is really working to address the problems in the eu : the lack of growth and the high unemployment especially among young people and this has been partly caused by the single currency . 
  i see a vote against the eu as a very positive thing . 
  i am not remotely nationalist or uneducated or irrational . 
  i am an internationalist . 
  being able to have ultimate sovereignty over laws . 
  not being in a union that is moving towards a federation . 
  a lot of tory voters want out to . 
  there are tory politicians openly calling for an eu withdrawal . 
  official tory policy is for a referendum . 
  they 've not said how they will campaign . 
  how did `` the party of in '' get on ? 
  it really is n't . 
  maybe we need to rethink what we want out of europe ? 
  have n't the voters told us something ? 
  but , do people really think that way ? 
  even in britain we think of brussels as being remote . 
  and the fact that the parliament moves to strasbourg regularly really does not help .
