  but actually cameron is not currently in a position to get a referendum because he does not have a parliamentary majority in westminster . 
  whether he gets one in 2015 remains to be seen . 
  however , he does currently have the legal ability and the political ability to negotiate . 
   so you want a smaller eu with less powers ? 
  why ca n't you vote for that ? 
  why do you need cameron to threaten for that with a brexit ? 
  this would be my preference . 
  i would much rather a much smaller eu with dramatically fewer powers . 
  however , i am also a realist and recognise that my views are ( considering europe as a whole ) a small minority . 
  i do n't see my preference as politically possible . 
  i think the possible outcomes are : ( 1 ) full on federation and end of the nation state , unified foreign policy , single unsc seat etc. 
  ( 2 ) the status quo . 
  ( 3 ) uk in the eu but with some powers repatriated ( as per cameron 's position ) . 
  ( 4 ) uk outside the eu . 
  of these realistic outcomes , my preferences are , in order : ( 4 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 2 ) and ( 1 ) . 
  if i ca n't get ( 4 ) then i would much prefer ( 3 ) than ( 2 ) . 
  the way i voted is in my view the best way to get my best preferences . 
  in my view this is exactly what democracy means . 
  in a democracy , our vote is the best way to get change done . 
   where did you get that he wants to `` remove people from the ability to vote '' in any way ? 
  it seems like you are projecting your own authoritarian thought patterns on him ... 
  i do n't think i have any authoritarian patterns ... his position seems to be that i am entitled to my views and that i am ( morally ) entitled to vote for those views in my national parliament , but not ( morally ) entitled to vote for those views in the european parliament . 
  it is this view that i take issue with . 
  edit : typographical error ... 
   yes , unless you vote to destroy the whole of my system . 
  the system is ( currently ) ours rather than yours . 
  also , i am not sure how my vote does destroy your system . 
  my vote is within the operation of the law . 
  and my representatives will work within the operation of the law . 
  in my mind , that is the system . 
  ;-) how is brussels today ? 
  london is wet . 
  not a day for protests !, 
  voting is about whatever the voter wants it to be about . 
  there is n't some prescribed list of topics which a voter should not be able to think about when they vote . 
  how i voted in the eu elections has caused some massive headache in the council of ministers yesterday and will continue to do so . 
  this is exactly what should happen in a democracy . 
  also , this gives cameron more negotiating power . 
  he can now threaten the eu with the uk 's departure in a much stronger way . 
  he needs to aim high now and ask for a maximum transfer of powers back . 
  yes , but i want to also vote for the party i want in the european elections too . 
  the power to renegotiate lies mostly in the member states . 
  hollande and le pen have power there . 
  of course i understand your point , but i fundamentally disagree with it . 
  but however you dress it up it comes down to this : you do not want me to be able to vote for the party i want to vote for . 
  you do n't like democracy . 
  but , the logical consequence of your view is that the only people that should be allowed to be in the eu parliament should be euphile . 
  that does not represent the full spectrum of views and would deny eusceptics a voice . 
  this would be highly undemocratic and dangerous . 
  my taxes contribute to the eu as much as yours , and yet you seem to want that taxation without my representation . 
  if you accept the democratic process you have to accept that some people might have different views from you . 
  currently i can express my anger in the ballot box . 
  if you remove people from the ability to vote for who they want in the european parliament then there will be real trouble . 
  i 'm not sure in what respect you are being disrupted by the way i voted . 
  i have just as much claim to saying that i am disrupted by the way you voted . 
  your opinion on who is in the european parliament or what their opinion is has no greater validity or legitimacy than mine . 
  it is my eu just as much as it is yours . 
  `` dicking over others '' ? 
  that 's an odd way to describe voting . 
  democracy means that i can vote for who i like , not just for who you like !, 
  do n't you want me to be able to vote ? 
  switzerland did not want to join the eea . 
  is anyone still talking about the guillotine clause ? 
  as far as i can tell the fall-out so far has been erasmus programmes and i have not heard anything further on the guillotine clause . 
  also , while immigration is part of the eea , it is also part of the eu . 
  switzerland is not in the eea . 
  i think the current fn still has the shadow of its ethnonationalistic origins hanging over it . 
  hollande said today some stuff along the lines of giving back powers to the member states . 
  cameron 's hand just got stronger , not weaker . 
  treaty change can only come via the member states . 
  it is going to be hard to get them to agree on changes to that at this stage . 
  it might be that some people who voted ukip do oppose immigration in principle ( though personally i am a pro-immigration ukip voter  ) but i think a majority of those people associate ( correctly ) immigration with the eu . 
  we have national elections in the uk in less than a year , so we will see what happens . 
  they have a similar source of income . 
  they 've mostly been successful businessmen and women prior to becoming meps and will be able to do that after leaving the eu , or such other time they get voted out by the electorate . 
   ( counting is n't complete everywhere yet ) i thought it was just northern ireland being slow !, 
   i 'm surprised that the fn would be that famous in the uk that it 's part of the political debate there . 
  actually , this is a significant issue in the uk and has been debated and covered by the media . 
  there has also been extensive coverage in the uk of the fn 's victory on sunday . 
  the issue of a fn and ukip grouping [ has come up many times since sunday ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/nigel-farage/10858478/nigel-farage-ukip-wont-unite-with-frances-front-national.html ) . 
  it also came up [ repeatedly during the campaign ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/apr/18/nigel-farage-rejects-ukip-tie-french-front-national ) , partly because le pen wants farage in her group . 
  so the uk 's most important sector has been excluded from the trade deal ? 
  bad result for the uk . 
   i think i 've never heard a single eu-parliament member say anything about why people voted anti-eu . 
  there was no self-reflection at all . 
  this is somewhat similar to some of the discussions in the uk . 
  a lot of politicians in the uk are saying things like `` it was n't about the eu , it was a protest against politics '' . 
  i find that a bit surprising . 
  in my view ukip could not have been clearer that it was about the eu . 
  the clue is in the name : `` united kingdom independence party '' . 
  the main debate of the election between farage and clegg was all about the eu . 
   sadly , i would n't know how to find trace of it . 
  it 's easy for plenaries , but for committees i am at loss . 
  however , i have distinct memories of a regi committee where a ukip mep very reasonably spoke of how eu social funds were benefiting his area , and the new ties to the 2014-2020 funding would make it hard for his constituency . 
  i will believe you on this point . 
  i wonder which area ? 
  poorer areas with ukip representation have been south west england , north west engand and wales . 
  now scotland and north east england have new ukip meps ...  is the mandate limited to `` no new transfers of power '' or `` no legitimizing of an eu-run system '' ? 
  i understand what you are saying here and you do have an interesting point . 
  but i think there is a difference between tranferring power to the eu and continuing to operate under existing powers ( and therefore legitimising them ) .
