  only having one option on the table is n't really a debate . 
  the schengen acquis has not been returned to the member states . 
   parts of the acquis have been returned with tacit support from the commission in 2012 as a matter of law , the acquis was not returned and the competences remained where they had been . 
  the law was simply not applied in an effective way . 
  the presentation of the various options outlined by juncker is more open and radical than ever before . 
  never before has the head of the european commission so openly considered returning parts of the acquis to the member states and this is now on the table . 
  this is new and different . 
  people can always say whatever they like , but the political and economic consequences of brexit force a more open and radical debate . 
  unsurprisingly , the eu is facing up to existential questions , which we all wanted it to do . 
  i think you forgot that other key bit about pineapple and trolling iceland and italy ...  good indeed i might say for every parent who has been unable to persuade their kids to eat pizza unless it has been profaned with pineapple chunks as they now so often are . 
  boris is actually a very engaging speaker in my opinion and i am glad he is taking up the cause of globalisation . 
  may was right to have him within government . 
  this is one of the many good consequences of brexit - a more open and radical debate about what the eu is actually for . 
  everyone - stop down voting this guy . 
  he is correct . 
  i am more than happy for the people of scotland to have a referendum . 
  i was more than happy for them to have last referendum . 
  i was happy for the brexit referendum . 
  none of these referendums require constitutional change . 
  so far the scottish parliament and the snp mps in weatminster have not said they want a referendum . 
  if they do , then uk government can deal with it . 
  why on earth would there be shortages ? 
  we are not planning on turning into venezuela !, 
  i am afraid you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  uk is already a member of the wto . 
  i do n't want to only offer limited access , it is a shame that the eu is so protectionist . 
  i want the uk to offer full access , because i believe in free trade . 
  uk wo n't impose tariffs . 
  we do n't need to change the legal system because the legal system has n't caused a problem . 
  the whole of the uk constitution is based on conventions rather than law . 
  your point seems to be that the eu makes bad deals for the countries it does free trade deals with . 
  i want good free trade deals , which is why i voted to leave the eu . 
  i do n't like the eu 's protectionism !, 
  i honestly can not see any scenario in which the eu tries to stop the netherlands selling services to the uk . 
  the eu does not have that power . 
  these are all statements that snp politicians have made - they are not the same as the manifesto . 
  i am also not sure why you are sending them to me . 
  as someone who voted to leave the eu and supports referendums , i am not opposed to scotland having a referendum . 
  juncker and merkel never had a good relationship , but i am not convinced that it is worse now ... 
  the uk is not going to stop the netherlands selling services to the uk . 
  the eu is not going to stop the netherlands selling services to the uk . 
  if the netherlands wants to sell services to the uk , i will be delighted . 
  i like imports of dutch stuff . 
  which election are you talking about ? 
  in the last scottish election , the snp did not have a clear manifesto commitment for a referendum . 
  i am not opposed to there being a referendum though . 
  i am happy to trust the people with how they should be governed . 
  i am a brexiteer and support the right of scotland to have a referendum , if that is what scottish people want . 
  it seems most scottish people do n't want a referendum . 
  i think it will be great if countries like the netherlands become more competitive and i think we will all benefit from this . 
  this is why the uk should not be protectionist and ahould not block imports from the netherlands . 
  uk consumers will gain from being able to by services from the netherlands . 
  i agree that free trade benefits both parties . 
  the person i am responding too is implying that the eu gives bad deals to its counter parties . 
   this is of course , much more a political move than an economic one since it would not make the service industries in the eu more competitive/efficient . 
  if the eu becomes more protectionist , eu consumers will be harmed as they will end up having to pay more for things . 
  protectionist tendencies in the eu were a reason why i voted for brexit . 
   once all the jobs are in china there are more people working in the uk than ever before in our history , both by number and percentage , we also have very low unemployment . 
  we are doing this while importing huge amounts of stuff from china . 
  we are n't losing jobs to the chinese . 
  we are gaining jobs by trading with the chinese . 
  imports should not be feared , they should be welcomed . 
   i bet the indians and chinese will be delighted to flood your market with cheap , subsidised products , driving your domestic companies out of business they already do . 
  i am pleased about it , because i am a consumer . 
  there is no point british companies trying to compete with chinese companies on stuff china can do much cheaper . 
  that makes zero sense . 
  british companies should focus on our own comparative advantage . 
   all trade deals with african or south-american countries favour the eu , and so will the deals that are being negotiated with india and japan and the rest of the world . 
  they do n't favour the eu . 
  they favour producers in the eu , but not consumers in the eu , because they are protectionist . 
  this is one of the wonderful things about brexit , we can put in place new free trade arrangements with african countries that are not protectionist . 
   the economy lobbies of every country will try to reach maximum profits with minimum competition . 
  competition is a good thing , not a bad thing . 
  if you are susceptible to lobbies who want to reduce competition , you are harming yourself . 
   the eu can not make an exception for the uk ( regardless of whether they would want to ) . 
  the only way there wo n't be tariffs is if a eu-uk fta is agreed upon before the uk 's membership of the single market ends . 
  this can be done via transitional arrangements . 
   yet they are all very , very far away from the purchasing power and technological know-how in terms of means of production of the eu . 
  we are talking about countries like china , usa , japan and australia here . 
   if one party is more interested in reaching the deal , the other party will exploit the fact because they know they can demand more and offer less , or at least demand higher compensation for the things they offer . 
  which country has the eu successfully managed to exploit so far in its trade negotiations ? 
   and theresa may has said she wo n't compromise on anything [ you might like to read theresa may 's speech . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/the-governments-negotiating-objectives-for-exiting-the-eu-pm-speech ) she has said : '' * we are about to enter a negotiation . 
  that means there will be give and take . 
  there will have to be compromises . 
  it will require imagination on both sides . 
   yes and most of the world is desperate to change that , for obvious reasons . 
  really ? 
  they do n't seem that desperate to me . 
  they seem to be mostly growing faster than the eu . 
   still , thinking that trade deals are negotiated without each party trying to get as much as possible while conceding as little as possible seems quite naive to me . 
  you have a mercantalistic view of trade negotiations , in which you think it is better to increase exports but not increase imports . 
  i think about this completely differently . 
  i am a fan of adam smith and the theory of comparative advantage . 
  i want to open the uk to exporters from overseas . 
  i do n't consider that to be a concession , but the whole purpose of free trade . 
   it will protect its interests by making britain pay for whatever benefits it hopes to keep . 
  uk hopes to keep tariff free trade with the eu . 
  the uk can pay for this by allowing the eu to have tariff free trade with the uk . 
  this is how free trade works .
