  the uk will continue to trade heavily with the eu and be involved with european defence and security and so forth . 
  my position on immigration does n't really relate to national identity , so i am surprised you mention it . 
  i have not used this as an argument . 
  national identies change over time and the uk already has several different national identies within it . 
   selecting the individuals that come to your country based on education and money , whereas i want nacionalisms to go away , having all of europe growing together . 
  i did not mention education or money here . 
  i mentioned the needs of the economy and these might not always relate to education or money ( and generally wo n't ) . 
  for example , the uk needs unskilled workers just as much as skilled workers . 
  considering the needs of the economy strikes me as entirely rational . 
   whereas i want nacionalisms to go away , having all of europe growing together . 
  pan-european nationalism is just nationalism but on a larger scale . 
  no , i do n't think there is anything wrong with my reasoning . 
  one of the reasons the uk has a restrictive immigration policy towards the rest of the world is because we ca n't do that within europe . 
  there is only so much immigration that the uk can cope with at once , without placing infrastructure under huge strain . 
  outside the eu , the uk could have a similar total number of immigrants , but from all around the world rather than just from europe . 
  thus the same amount of people from around the world would benefit from living in britain . 
  they would just be a more diverse group of people . 
  it is possible to be pro-immigration , but not want completely open doors . 
  given that neither of us seem to be advocating completely open doors , the only difference between ukip 's position and your position is the type of people that the doors are open too and the circumstances . 
  also , there is the liberal , tolerant , reputation of those counties , the fact that many potential immigrants might already have family / contacts there , the belief that those countries have low levels of racism / good job prospects etc. 
  i agree that the humanitarian crisis in southern europe is on a totally different scale from northern europe . 
  however , my point still stands : ultimately all human beings are the same : there is nothing inherently special about being european . 
  thus , in my mind , from a purely rational and ideological perspective , i would prefer the uk to have a neutral immigration policy , that allowed people to come to the uk based on economic considerations and the skills of the immigrants and not favour europeans over africans or asians . 
  this is essentially what ukip 's policy is . 
  in the uk , there is much less pro-eu sentiment compared to spain , even among young people . 
  most brits do n't feel closer to spaniards than we feel to canadians for example . 
  the idea that the uk government should be responsible for uk immigration policy strikes me as normal and not really radical . 
  i voted ukip in the european elections , though i personally am strongly in favour of immigration . 
  however , i do n't think that the uk should favour europeans . 
  on this basis , the ukip immigration policy strikes me as the best one . 
  he does n't imply it . 
  judging by the pictures of the border between ceuta and spain , to me it looks like spain has a strong immigration policy towards non eu-immigrants . 
  i agree that ukip rhetoric towards romanians etc has not been helpful and i think they lost votes because of that . 
  i hope they change it . 
  however , i am more interested in policy proposals than rhetoric . 
  the australia / canada model is relevant because ukip 's policy towards immigration is connected to its policy of leaving the eu . 
  in the context of the uk not being in the eu , then it would make sense for the uk to look and see what other non-eu countries are doing in terms of immigration . 
  i think ukip 's policy , of having a points based system , makes sense and it ca n't really be described as far right . 
  ukip 's policy towards immigration is similar to that of canada and australia . 
  do you consider canada and australia to be extreme right wing countries ? 
  what 's spain 's immigration policy in relation to non-eu migrants ? 
  anglosphere dominating this ... 
  the article was n't posted by a brit . 
  the article was posted by your friendly iberian neighbours . 
  so feel free to post an article about them !, 
  i 'm not aware of any statistics , but i expect that the uk is able to stop the vast majority from entering the uk . 
  obviously a very small minority will get through . 
  in this particular area i have shown three examples of the uk not having influence in the eu . 
  the point is that if the uk lack of influence in this kind of area continues , support for a brexit increases . 
   i pointed out this is idiotic . 
  it is n't idiotic . 
  the uk , by losing battles in key policy areas , has been shown not to have influence in those key policy areas . 
  these three examples , bankers bonuses , short selling and financial transactions tax are relevant examples of this . 
   i also have no interest in discussing with you because this is the way all your discussions go . 
  make idiotic claim , having it pointed out , change it to something else , repeat . 
  you do n't seem to be able to engage in the discussion . 
   why on earth does france allow these camps right at the closest point of entry to britain ? 
  my understanding is that france is not `` allowing '' the camps and has made efforts to take the refugees to the relevant refugee centres , party because of some diplomatic pressure from the uk . 
   it does n't show it to have little to no influence . 
  it shows that the uk was not able to influence certain key policy areas . 
  it might still be the case that the uk is one of most influential countries in the eu . 
  however , the uk is also the most eusceptic country , and any perceived loss of influence ( real or otherwise ) as might be shown in this court case , will influence the brexit debate . 
   that does n't show the uk to have little to no influence . 
  it shows that the uk does not have sufficient influcence in a key part of the uk economy . 
  given that in the uk , there is already a huge amount of euscepticiscm , any examples of the uk being seen to lose further influence will impact the brexit debate . 
   yes , theoretically the u.k. can bar refugees from entering , but only if they catch them in the act . 
  the uk government has the practical ability to bar refugees from entering . 
  there have been refugee camps in calais for several years . 
  if the uk authorities did not have the practical ability to stop the refugees from entering the uk , the refugees would already have entered the uk . 
  that 's the whole reason they are in camps in calais . 
  they do n't want to be in france , they want to be in the uk . 
  but the uk wo n't let them in . 
   and even if you manage to stop them while getting off a boat or a truck you can just send them back to france , but they might try again . 
  if uk authorities find refugees on trucks in france , then the uk authorities do n't send them back to france as they are already in france . 
  if they find them on trucks in the uk , then the truck drivers are potentially guilty of people smuggling . 
  obviously , the uk ca n't ignore the problem completely . 
  but by virtue of not being in schengen and being an island the uk has more options . 
   so when uk politician replies to spanish claim with a sentence like `` look , portugal might have a dispute with you '' while portuguese do n't give a fuck ( see comment from / u/bananomgd ) it looks silly in the best case . 
  this is an article by a journalist , who happens also to be a politician . 
  he is not writing in his capacity as a politician or as any representative of the uk government . 
  as an article by a journalist , presenting a legal and moral argument and the double standards , it does have merit . 
  the position of the uk government in relation to gibraltar is clear and simple and has nothing to do with olivenza . 
  the position is that ultimately the gibraltarians should decide how they are governed . 
  the uk learnt the hard way that self-determination of a people should be respected . 
  i do n't think the uk should give up on this principle just because spain shouts about it . 
   while spain actively shows it wants gibraltar back , portugal remains silent . 
  [ portugal still has a technical claim over olivenza ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disputed_status_of_olivenza ) . 
  the fact that spain is much louder is not , in my view , a very significant argument about the merits of the cases . 
  the legal or moral case that spain has for gibraltar is the same as the legal or moral case that portugal has for olivenza . 
  thus , if spain were making an argument for having gibraltar back , it ought by the same argument recognise portugal 's claim on olivenza . 
   danes are in general fairly pro-uk , and about as eu-skeptical as brits . 
  i do n't now if it cuts in the same direction . 
  brits i would say are generally pro-nordics in general and danes in particular . 
  among eu nations i think we like the irish and the dutch the most though . 
   but i think european countries have become too small to make an impact on the world stage if going at it alone . 
  the uk could probably be as affluent ( or more ) outside the eu -- same as singapore is doing fine without belonging to any larger organization . 
  but who gives a damn what singapore thinks about anything . 
  i think the uk would become a well-off , comfortable -- but inconsequential -- nation . 
  but perhaps you could team up with the anglosphere instead . 
  who knows what the uk will be like outside the eu .
