  haha - the jounalists are trying to ask as many questions about private life as they can ... 
  if people get an income whether or not they work , they are less incentivised to work . 
  jobseeker 's allowance is unconditional basic income by another name . 
  personally i do n't get this obsession britain has with manufacturing . 
  we 're much better at services ( where we tend to have a competitive advantage ) than we are at manufacturing ( where we tend not to ) . 
  as a lawyer , i export legal services outside the uk every day . 
  i do n't understand why some people think exporting legal services is somehow less worthy than exporting manufactured goods ... 
  i 'm not going to vote for this . 
  we already have an unconditional basic income in the uk and it does not work well . 
   lets not pretend the job market is a zero sum game . 
  of course , the job market is not a zero sum game , you 're quite correct . 
  however , in some specific sectors due to the types of jobs that some immigrants are able to do ( and those immigrants being prepared to work for lower wages because they aim to send part of their wages back to their home country etc ) uk nationals are effectively priced out of the market or end up working for less than they otherwise would . 
  but of course , this is only some sectors and the overall picture is much more complex . 
   i 'd be perfectly happy with contributing more than we get back , it helps build the union up and everyone is better off in the long run , the trouble with paying for the common agricultural policy is that it makes everyone ( except wealthy landowners ) poorer in the long run . 
  in particular , the common agricultural policy , by artificially supporting agriculture in europe , makes it much harder for developing countries and africa to export agriculture . 
   i think eventually scotland should join the euro , i do n't want us being indefinitely tied to the pound . 
  why do you want to be indefinitely tied to the euro ? 
  scotland 's economy is much more closely linked to ruk 's than it is to eu 's . 
  have you seen what happened to ireland in the euro ? 
  surely that is worse than anything that has ever happened to scotland in the pound ?!, 
  personally , if i were scottish , i would look to create a new currency with an exchange rate linked to the pound , which could be devalued if necessary . 
  if denmark do fine with this kind of solution , scotland could too . 
  but , surprisingly , this is n't on the table . 
   the housing problem is not one created by immigrants but by the british government . 
  of course , i should n't need to tell you this . 
  there would be a housing problem even without immigration . 
  but , obviously , immigration exacerbates the problem . 
  i 'm not blaming immigrants for this . 
  but it does not make sense to discuss housing shortages / needs for building houses without considering immigation too . 
  british public are totally mixed here , or course . 
  wealthy affluent people are delighted by immigation generally as they get cheaper services and more fun stuff like trendy polish vodka bars opening up every where . 
  poorer people , who have increased competition for lots of jobs and are more likely to be negatively impacted by strained infrastructure are less enamoured . 
  i 'm pretty pro-immigation myself as in general i think the benefits outweigh the disadvantages , though would prefer immigration to be on uk 's terms ( i.e. 
  control of borders and a points system ) rather than on eu 's terms . 
  the impact emmigration has on eastern europe ( with skilled people / most entrepreneurial people leaving ) is actually a much bigger concern than immigration to uk ( though this is also a concern ) . 
  i think they will be a bit late for any success in the european elections . 
  also , their message does not seem to be as `` insurgent '' as other new-ish and newly successful european political parties ( ukip , m5s , french national front , afd , true finns , dutch popular party etc ) . 
  seems like it is very `` spain-specific issues '' . 
  i think they will only be able to split the right in spain rather than get any votes from the left in spain . 
  the onion is much better in my view . 
   the rebate would be gone though , no doubt there . 
  i think iscotland should play hardball here . 
  iscotland deserves a rebate just as much as ruk does . 
  iscotland should not have to pay over the odds to subsidise inefficient farming . 
  this one is going to be interesting . 
   we 'd likely be able to dismiss joining the euro , though like every other applicant we 'd be obliged to sign up eventually but a fixed time frame has never actually been given for that . 
  because there is no deadline , it is pretty much impossible for the eu to demand iscotland joins the euro . 
  however , it is by no means guaranteed that ruk ( and the ruk electorate ) consents to the bank of england being the lender of last resort to iscotland , effectively making things very difficult for scotland within the poundzone . 
  this one is by no means certain at all . 
   schengen however is the one that would certainly be requiring negotiation , i do n't doubt that both the uk and scotland would be looking to expand the uk-ireland free travel area to include scotland but that is an uncertainty which i 'd like further debate on , as for the others i 'm quite happy with what would happen . 
  i think both iscotland and ruk should be prepared to play hardball with the eu here . 
  the consequence of iscotland being forced into schengen is there being passport controls between iscotland and england and that could get very tricky . 
  the uk media are loving this story . 
  the combination of french economic woes and the french president 's complex private life is a dream come true for us here , * outre-manche * ... 
   any division would be a private arrangement between iscotland and ruk as it would be impossible to assign the debt to iscotland without the bondholders permissions . 
  so ruk would be stuck with them . 
  as a matter of law , this is not quite true . 
  the bonds are governed by english law and uk will have legislative power to assign the bonds as a matter of law to new debtors prior to independence . 
  this does n't mean that they will , simply that the uk has the power to do this as a matter of law . 
  the title of this article is a bit misleading because it does n't discuss or relate to french law . 
  i find this debate about scottish membership of the eu rather tedious !, 
  my own views are as follows : ( 1 ) there is no provision of eu law that covers what would happen in the event of part of a member state seceding . 
  ( 2 ) as a matter of international law , it is likely that ruk would be viewed as the successor state to the uk and therefore gain the benefit of all treaties that the uk is party to , including the treaty of european union . 
  scotland , as the new state , would not automatically get the benefit of treaties that the uk is party to . 
  ( international law is by no means certain here though . ), 
  ( 3 ) from a legal perspective , therefore , the most likely position is that scotland would need to apply to join the eu . 
  this position is backed up by various statements that van rompuy , barosso et al have come out with . 
  ( 4 ) from a political standpoint , nobody thinks that there would be any difficulty with scotland joining the eu . 
  the process could be an extremely quick one given that it already complies with all eu law . 
  no country is going to veto scotland 's membership , certainly not ruk and certainly not spain . 
  by far the most likely political outcome is that scotland begins negotiations immediately after a `` yes '' vote and that these negotiations are concluded quickly with scotland being able to time its membership of the eu to coincide with independence , in 2016 . 
  ( 5 ) there is an open question as to whether or not scotland would get the benefit of uk 's opt outs to the eu treaties ( e.g. 
  schengen and the single currency ) . 
  as a matter of law , scotland will not get these opt-outs automatically . 
  however , as a matter of politics this will ultimately depend on how the negotiations work-out and this will depend on the views of the eu and all the other member states . 
  ruk would probably prefer scotland not to be obliged to join the euro and enter schengen . 
  but this will not be ruk 's choice and the rest of the eu will also have to agree to this . 
  this is by no means certain . 
  murdoch controls the sun . 
  he does n't control the mail or the express ( though these also tend to take a right of centre view ) or the star or the mirror ( which tend to take a left of centre view ) . 
  the tabloid press in the uk is not monopoly controlled though . 
  there is the mirror , the sun , the mail , the express and the star all owned by different media groups and all competing with each other . 
  they also disagree with each other starkly in terms of politicial positions . 
  they are all also losing readership over the last ten years too . 
  yeah , that freedom of the press can be a real pain at times / s /, 
  correct - there is no single eu legal qualification . 
  there is a body of eu law , but it only covers certain areas . 
  for example , contract law is different in each member state , so being qualified in one member state does not really help you in another . 
  however , if you practice in another member state for a period of time ( if you are already qualified in your own state ) then you can get a dual qualification easily ,, 
  we ( in britain ) are n't the best at cheese and wine i 'm afraid . 
  but - you can buy anything you want in london - you just have to be prepared for london prices ... 
  but salaries are higher here too . 
  also - many many hispanophones - not that your english is n't excellent . 
  greek bonds are not at zero interest . 
  they are very high interest , because of the perceived high risk . 
  there is nothing to stop you voting for a political party that would make kosher / halal / islamic finance illegal . 
  in a western democracy , laws are made by the legislature and these things have , as far as i know , never been illegal in any western democracy . 
  but , seriously , in relation to islamic finance in particular , how on earth do you manage to care about this ? 
  islamic compliant investments vary , though they are structured to have cash flows that mirror conventional bonds , but comply with islamic law . 
   i would like to open an account in a place that cares about banking what is stopping you doing this ?
