  within the context of the eu there is a certain degree of amity between the uk and france . 
  as it stands in no way is france benefiting from this deal in any way even with the funds provided by the uk for the border crossing & immigrant/refugee maintenance . 
  that budget simply is n't close to sufficient . 
  it 's upkeep for good relations at best . 
  [ even without the eu , france and the uk want to have cordial relations . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entente_cordiale ) friendly relations between france and the uk are in both parties interests . 
  france is already unhappy about the sangatte treaties and they are already able to give notice to terminate them , but they have n't done so , because effectively it will make the channel tunnel inoperable . 
  however , i do think the uk is correct here . 
  france needs to deal with calais . 
  either the migrants there are refugees , in which case france should give them refuge , or they are illegal immigrants , in which case france should deport them . 
   that budget simply is n't close to sufficient . 
  it 's upkeep for good relations at best . 
  france needs to protect its borders . 
  there should n't be a jungle in calais for a decade . 
  this is insane . 
  i can not understand why no french government seems capable of dealing with it . 
   oh yeah , send them to bosnia , we can handle them , we 'll be fine , just dump them here boys . 
  you can just send them to near the croatian border , right ? 
  just get the buses and trains ready . 
  everyone else is sending them to the next country , not sure why your country needs to do any different ... 
   hey man , do n't bring romania in this discussion . 
  we try to keep a low profile to not get their attention . 
  my guess is that if croatia goes full hungary , serbia will maybe send them to bosnia rather than romania . 
  romania seems like the wrong direction ... 
   why is a fence a `` drastic measure '' ? 
  it is a drastic measure because the bbc says it is drastic and it reminds us of the darkest days , blah blah . 
  [ even though the uk , not content with being protected by the sea , also has a fence at calais . 
  it 's not drastic when the uk does it , it is a sensible pragmatic measure . 
  it is only drastic when hungary does it because reasons . ], 
   its funny how the euroskeptics were proven right on this one , lisbon treaty was a mistake . 
  eurosceptics were proved right not just on this , but also on schengen , the euro etc etc. . . 
   then , as a response to our countermeasures , croats just blocked any serb from entering their country . 
  what does serbia do next , in response to croatia 's countermeasurers ? 
  the french and british arrangements at the channel are not connected to the eu . 
  they are individual agreements between france and the uk . 
  either party can terminate , with no impact on the eu . 
  no , free trade agreements are an exclusive competence of the eu . 
  the uk can not enter into a fta while it is in the eu . 
  france is a less desirable destination than the uk because of language and employment prospects . 
  the eu prevents the uk from entering free trade agreements with other countries . 
  the eu intends to become a federal state . 
  the eu requires in practice that the uk prioritises immigration from the eu compared to the rest of the world . 
  this is imbalanced . 
  the uk , once it leaves the eu , can pursue a strategy where it has close diplomatic and trading links with the liberal , peaceful and democratic world . 
  it makes no sense to focus on one small corner of the world to the exclusion of others . 
  the uk has historic bonds all over the globe . 
  while i love you flanders , the uk 's bonds with australia , new zealand , canada and u.s.a are much stronger . 
  in terms of culture , they are closer . 
  globalization has made them closer still . 
  europe is no longer the uk 's close neighborhood . 
  this is why it no longer makes sense for the uk to be in a political union with european countries to the exclusion of the rest of the world . 
  globalization has made the eu redundant . 
  the uk should be just as interested in the philippines as it is in flanders . 
  it is natural for householders to be concerned about the value of their houses . 
  the massive immigration into the south east has obviously put up the value of houses hugely as demand far outstrips supply . 
  it is the people that want to buy houses that have suffered , not the householders . 
  if you support the uk 's membership of the eu , and the massive immigration that comes with it , you also need to support massive house-building in redhill and reigate . 
  yes , i tend to agree . 
  i vote ukip but think a lot more building is required in the south east . 
  that 's where the pressure on housing is . 
  nobody has ever made a case for frankfurt being the leading global financial centre . 
  the reality is that we need massive deregulation of planning laws in certain areas to encourage more housing and we also need a lot more new towns to be built in the south east, 
   indeed , but the same is also true for all of those except salaries , which are only lightly effected due to the imposition of a minimum wage . 
  you might want to rewrite this as it makes no sense . 
   i 'm glad we agree that they should be bigger transfers , and that you are aware that the eu also does wealth transfers . 
  you want the uk taxpayer to pay ever more into the eu budget ? 
  no , this is not a good use of british taxpayers money . 
  this is a terrible use of taxpayers mone ,, 
  you yourself agree that the concept of a currency union without transfer union is crazy . 
  this is not just the ukip position ( but nice ad hominem ) , this is borne out by the evidence of the continued greek crisis . 
  you yourself agree that the concept of getting rid of internal borders with no agreement on what to do about external borders is crazy . 
  this is not just the ukip position . 
  we witness this insanity on a daily basis . 
  the uk was right to pursue splendid isolation on these issues . 
  the continent screwed up . 
  this does not mean we should screw up too . 
   yes it happened yesterday . 
  but you using your ukip oracle skills to predict the future and say `` it will happen again '' is exactly fear mongering . 
  of course it is going to happen more frequently . 
  it is n't just me saying it , multiple commentators have mentioned it . 
  the reason why it has happened infrequently in the past is because qmv was not even a thing in most policy areas until relevatively recently , given lisbon . 
   nice straw-man . 
  if you are going to start attributing things to me which i have never said you can just fuck off right now . 
  the eu is committed to ever closer union . 
  this means a federal state . 
  this means transferring power in one direction , away from the uk and towards brussels . 
  no power has ever moved in the other direction . 
  eurocrats despise the way the uk has not entered schengen , stayed aloof from the euro . 
  if you support a federal eu , with ever closer union , you support the uk transferring more and more power to brussels . 
  you can not have it both ways . 
  either you support those enlighted maastricht rebels in the conservative party who faught so hard for the uk opt-outs in the mid 90s , or you support the people who would have given away the pound . 
   i 'm talking about the policy of `` splendid isolation '' and our aloofness from the goings on of the continent . 
  when the continent indulges in craziness , for example the euro and schengen , the uk is correct to pursue splendid isolation . 
  there is no point doing the same thing as other countries if what they are doing is crazy . 
   `` i can predict the future , listen to me and be scared . '', 
  we saw romania , hungary , slovakia and czech get outvoted yesterday . 
  to focus on this is not fearmongering . 
  it is looking at the evidence . 
  this happened yesterday . 
   the uk should lead from the front and try and find a solution that is satisfactory to everyone .
