   they deserve better than you arrogant tossers . 
  really ? 
  i have reported your post . 
   many brits are attached emotionally to their shared history in the 19th and early 20th centuries . 
  the entire concept of nationhood relies on emotional attachment . 
   although i hardly see if they allowed them to vote last time how they could tell them they ca n't this time . 
  the reason that eu citizens could vote last time was because there was no separate franchise for scotland that did not include eu citizens . 
  this time round , because the uk will be leaving the eu , it is not obvious that there wo n't be a separate franchise . 
  so we are in a slightly different situation this time round . 
  i think amongst the working class and those that want a hard brexit some could hold this opinion that was previously unseen last referendum but again , even if this is the case it wo n't be prevailing . 
  i disagree . 
  english people that are most in favour of scottish independence tend to be people that voted remain and are middle class . 
  for example , a.c grayling or the people on / r/unitedkingdom . 
   more so that they are more impartial or spiteful to the prospect of scotland leaving then previously any evidence of this ? 
   my argument is that polling can be wrong i agree that it can be wrong , but in the case of scotland it has not been wrong in the past . 
   and that in this case we actually have real votes from a year ago from brexit referendum by scottish ( not just polling ) indicating a support for it . 
  this is nothing to do with my argument about polling . 
  my point is that we should consider the polling seriously . 
  you have not made any argument that we should not consider the polling seriously . 
   have we not learned anything from brexit and trump about polls ? 
  polling turned out to be fairly accurate in the last scottish independence referendum ( and more accurate than the brexit referendum polls ) . 
  the trick with polling is not to follow it blindly , but also not to ignore it completely . 
  i think that the number of people in england that want scotland to become independent is a very small minority . 
  obviously , that does n't mean that it wo n't be loud and annoying one . 
  i also think that a majority of scots ( whatever side of the debate they are on ) know that a majority of english people would prefer scotland to stay in the union . 
   i imagine many now will be more spiteful in their perspective . 
  ` leave , see what happens ' etc this would really surprise me . 
  it certainly is n't my position . 
  i 'm not convinced poland depends on free movement . 
  lots of poles having emigrated does not show dependence . 
  ouch - that is mean . 
  even i would n't tease hollande about that ... 
  thanks for the invitation , but it is not going to happen . 
   and the ecb in my oppinion iss too much looking after the south . 
  yeah , they are the people that need looking after at the moment !, 
  those southerners might vote in the crazies if you are not careful ( check out italy ) . 
  germans will never vote in the crazies , so we 're good . 
   what bunch of northern states are you talking about ? 
   right . 
  that is a pretty unpopular oppinion on here though :d you think you have it tough on here ? 
  try being a right-wing conservative free-market-favouring globalist brexiteer !, 
   i also really dislike how much the euro has plummeted since 2013 . 
  would be much healthier for germany at least ( and a bunch of other more northern states ) to be at 1.30 on the dollar . 
  i do n't disagree with you on what would be technically healthier for germany , but you need to stop thinking about this or the euro will be finished . 
  the only relevant question is if you want the euro to survive , and if so how . 
   i personally wish interests would rise again so that for once the ecb would stop fueling a housing bubble here though i completely agree with you in relation to the ecb . 
  i also think that the boe should start raising interest rates here and think that they are almost ready to . 
  the fed will raise interest rates in the us in the coming months and this will put pressure on the ecb and the boe to follow suit . 
  relatively good economic performances will make this easier . 
  depends how far you want to go back in history  some people have theorised that the uk government actually wants relatively high inflation currently , to eat away at uk debt . 
  there is a view that the british people have somewhat high tolerance to inflation . 
  this is not my view , i am happy with our current inflation level of 1.9 % . 
  uk and eurozone currently have similar levels of inflation for similar reasons . 
  there is n't enough popcorn ... 
   the greeks did not chose uk law . 
  they were forced to accept the conditions of the biggest lenders in the market . 
  wall street and the city have grown dominant as the result of global us and uk hegemonic power . 
  on its own , greece has no choice but to accept the condition of foreign jurisdiction , like a colony has to accept the dictate of the colonial power . 
  you are being a conspiracy theorist here . 
  greece chose english law for some of its debt and greek law for the rest . 
  the international lending community are happy to lend under any legal system , but they will charge different prices for it , because of the different risks involved . 
  greek law is more risky , which is one of the reasons why greece ( and many other borrowers around the world ) do not choose greek law . 
   as part of the eu , greece can insist on equal treatment under eu law and resist the extortionist practices of anglo financing . 
  there is no eu law of contract . 
  under english law , greek debt is treated in the same way as all debt , whether that is sovereign debt , or corporate debt issued anywhere in the world . 
  does german law make ad hoc exceptions for greece ? 
  or does it have a general principle that if you borrow money you do n't pay it back ? 
   the issue here is that entities claiming uk law were able to cheat europe . 
  it does n't matter who did it . 
  that is why the eu can not admit the uk 's access to the single market without accepting eu law . 
  not really . 
  irish law operates in exactly the same way as english law in this respect . 
  the principle is that under the common law , a debt can not simply be haircutted without the consent of the investors , otherwise there will be a default . 
  i am a bit surprised that german law forces banks to accept haircuts without their consent , but if this is the situation do n't be surprised that banks choose to avoid german law . 
  if market participants choose a common law system , the eu can not stop them . 
  a country like greece is of course free to choose whichever legal system it wants to govern its international debt obligations . 
  the reason it chose english law was to gain the benefit of lower interest payments . 
  if you force market participants to choose a law they do n't want , then their cost of capital will go up , hurting tax payers . 
   thus the euro system is not responsible for cheating of us/uk financial institutions . 
  those who did the cheating are responsible . 
  what cheating was done ? 
  you have n't explained . 
  you are misremembering . 
  it was n't uk banks that were particularly refusing to participate in the haircut , but several international lenders and hedge funds from around the world . 
  use of english law is not restricted to uk banks , it is the international system of law used in global finance . 
  also - it is a mistake to blame us banks and hedge funds for the eurozone crisis . 
  they did n't design the eurozone . 
  unfortunately the people responsible for the eurozone mess have never been held accountable . 
  it is a shame that european tax payers have to pay for the mistakes of those euphiles that made such mistakes . 
   does n't seem democratic at all , but a design based on a philosophy of strong governance . 
  there is no one true democracy . 
  democracies function within historical contexts and cultures , rather than in the abstract . 
  the democracy we have in the uk may seem weird , but you just need to look at history to see that it has been successful . 
  we are one of the few european countries that has resisted extremism during the twentieth century . 
   which leads to more frequent mistakes with more severe consequences , and drastic policy changes that can be near impossible to prepare for , and can cause great harm . 
  british people do not like theoretical arguments , we 're not like the french . 
  we prefer thinking about actual evidence of harm rather than some pretend harm . 
  in case of conflict , the views of the elected house prevail . 
   not necessarily , the eu economies are growing , we will obviously pay more in absolutes , but not necessarily in relatives . 
  so we will pay more , but we wo n't notice , because we will also keep more .
