   the eea ( aka eurozone ) are euro countries , and eu is political . 
  not quite !, 
  you need to google the eea ... 
   the second is that we know , by experience , that if by `` mistake '' , uk were voting to leave europe , your government will find a parliamentary emergency door and would find a way to stay in europe by a way or another . 
  like we 've been smoked in the event that the uk does vote no , i think things would surely change . 
  even if the uk government wanted to find a parliamentary emergency door , it might struggle to open it . 
   no , we ca n't because your statement that the uk and france are `` the only countries in the world that have always been considered to be ` great powers ' '' is void of meaning if the term `` great power '' is so vaguely defined . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  go circlejerk your misplaced smugness away somewhere else . 
  many academics have proposed specific and precise definitions of the term `` great power '' . 
  the fact that there is more than one potential definition or that the definition itself is up for debate is not a reason to refuse to engage in the debate . 
   just because it 's been long used does n't mean it 's not super vague . 
  right/left wing is also super vague , ` ancient ' is also super vague . 
  the fact that terms are vague does n't mean they should n't be used . 
  we can still communicate effectively by using these terms . 
   funny thing is most of us have zero interest in your feelings toward us one way or the other . 
  your newspapers and politicians are taking an incredibly strong interest in the uk referendum . 
  if he meant the eu rather than europe it would have been helpful if he had written the eu rather than europe . 
  they are not the same thing . 
  that 's kind !, 
   the french did not reject europe with this referendum : they rejected an opaque construction process , led by banks and large multinationals . 
  of course they did n't reject `` europe '' . 
  they rejected the eu constitution . 
  when i vote against the uk 's membership of the eu in the referendum i wo n't be rejecting `` europe '' either . 
  i love europe . 
  i will be rejecting the uk 's membership of the eu . 
   ` great power ' is a super vague and scientifically meaningless term . 
  you 're just an armchair historian/politologist with a boner for his country . 
  it has long been a term used in international relations and by historians . 
  i do n't really care what term you prefer to use instead , but essentially the concept is that different nations have had at different times different levels of geopolitical importance and the uk and france have closely tracked each other in this regard . 
  it is a shame that the french `` non '' was not respected . 
  now that the french can see that the brits are getting a referendum , i am sure that there will be people in france who start to ask further questions about their own democratic choice . 
   do n't make it sound like you consider the rest of us `` lesser '' countries and the uk and france somehow superior to all . 
  by considering france to be the uk 's equal i am not saying that every other country is a lesser country . 
  in many ways countries like the usa , germany and china are not lesser countries compared to the uk and france , they are currently more powerful . 
  there is no point pretending that every country is equal in every respect - it really depends what metrics you are using . 
  if we are measuring something like cuisine , the uk is surely a lesser country compared to almost everywhere else . 
  if our unit of measurement is art history , the uk is infinitely inferior to italy . 
  if our unit of measurement is music or philosophy , the uk struggles to compete with germany . 
  if you are measuring geopolitical power , for centuries the uk and france have been geopolitcally in the same ball-park as each other , in a way that other countries have n't . 
  there is no point being offended by this . 
  this is why the uk needs to refocus itself away from trade and diplomacy with europe and towards trade and diplomacy with the parts of the world that are not in relative decline . 
  the world is increasingly global - geography matters less and less . 
  let 's not restrict ourselves to just one corner of the world . 
   if the eu ever becomes a union with an inner clique of euro countries with a few countries attached that have no say in eurozone councils where all interesting decisions are made , then the eu can not go on . 
  there are still plenty of countries in the eu but outside of the euro , but this might change at some point , since lots of countries have a formal commitment to join the euro at when they are ready to . 
  of course countries like poland , romania , croatia all have a commitment to join the euro , but the uk does n't and it is impossible to imagine the uk joining the euro . 
  there is no political party in the uk wanting to join the euro . 
  there is not even any serious pressure group wanting to join the euro . 
  if the eu creates a situation whereby the uk has to choose between joining the euro or leaving the eu entirely , the uk will leave the eu . 
  if the eu manages to make the eu work with the uk in the eu but outside the eurozone , then , provided the uk is treated fairly , the uk may stay inside . 
  i guess it is a question with what the eu wants - does it want the uk in or out . 
  i personally will vote out at every possible opportunity . 
   i mean it 's clear that the uk ( also the eu ) would suffer if it leaves the biggest trading block in the world . 
  should n't be a suprise really . 
  the uk is going to keep trading with the reu though , obviously . 
   forget about the eu and just look at what i quoted . 
  does that sound like something you can base any kind of relation on ? 
  frankly i have trouble imagining how you even arrive at thinking in such a conceited and pretentious way . 
  different countries have different histories and their histories profoundly impact the way they are today and geopolitics generally . 
  the way that the uk and france look at themselves and each other today is massively impacted by their histories . 
  they impact each other in all kinds of ways - just as london hugely considered paris at the time of the french revolution , london also looked closely at paris at the time of the french european treaty referendum and paris looked closely at london during the uk general election and will look incredibly closely at london during the referendum . 
  the issues that the uk and france face in the world today , the only countries in the world that have always been considered to be `` great powers '' , now face a very different globalised world , make the uk and french relationship an incredibly interesting and complex one . 
   i saw a chart the other day where you could see it falling . 
  it is just logical , because any kind of uncertainty is poison for big companies . 
  any link to this ? 
   international investments are already falling in the uk any citations on this ? 
  [ last time i saw the figures the uk was top of the league in terms of fdi in europe , with fdi increasing . 
  ] ( http://www.thenews.pl/52bbcac5-5a45-4aa8-a122-33a3df30f096.file ), 
  the uk is not a tax haven . 
  companies that choose domicile primarily for tax reasons do n't incorporate in the uk . 
  companies choose the uk for other reasons . 
   no wonder people here get tired of this `` the uk is special '' crap . 
  i 'm on the same side as those people . 
  those people seem to take the view that the uk should either become a full member of the eu without any opt-outs like the euro and schengen and so forth or leave . 
  given that there is almost zero chance of the uk joining the euro , the logical consequence of this position is to want the uk to leave the eu . 
  i agree with this . 
  the uk does obviously have dangerously high levels of debt and deficit , but that is not linked to the sterling . 
  even within the eurozone the uk would have the same debt and deficit , just fewer monetary policy tools to deal with those problems . 
  the uk 's high debt and deficit does not make joining the euro more likely . 
  very sensible people , the french . 
  we might love `` french bashing '' this side of the channel , but it is just our own particular way of showing our love for the french people and the french nation - the only nation in the world that we really respect as our equal . 
  i think the french people on here should ask themselves if their `` non '' was really respected or not . 
  whether or not the cause of the tory victory is coalition , my point still stands . 
  the tories are anything but diminished , cameron anything but tarnished . 
  the tories are , if you take a long view of history , the most powerful force in european politics . 
  do n't write them off . 
  of course being outside the euro puts the uk in an entirely different position in relation to the eu compared to the eurozone countries . 
  being outside the common currency means that the uk has now and will increasingly have radically different rights and obligations compared to the eurozone countries . 
  the uk has the right to its own monetary policy . 
  the uk has the right to set its own budget deficit limits . 
  the uk did not have the obligation to be part of the various stability mechanisms designed to shore up greece . 
  multiple financial transactions denominated in the uk 's currency are not eligible collateral for ecb operations . 
  as we know , in order to survive the eurozone must become a fiscal union . 
  the uk is not going to be part of fiscal union . 
  this will inevitably further entrench the entirely different class of membership of the uk in the eu . 
  it is n't just me recognising this : it is increasingly the debate to be had . 
  even guy verhofstadt recognizes this . 
  there already is a two tier europe , with the uk being permanently outside the euro . 
  extending this principle is just a difference of degree rather than a difference of kind .
