  however , this particular government has a strong mandate for a renegotiation and this government has been clear that the uk should never be part of a federal europe and never join the euro . 
  the eu treaties already contain within them mechanisms that bind changes of government . 
  the euro , without having an exit mechanism , already is a bind on subsequent governments . 
  separately , this does n't necessarily bind other member states . 
  the treaties could be modified so that the uk has an explicit opt out of not being part of a federal eu , but if other member states do n't want that opt out , they do n't have to have it . 
   i can only presume you 're drunk now . 
  is this kind of tone helpful do you think ? 
  this is essentially the uk government 's position . 
  if the uk government is clear that it will not be part of a federal europe ( and it is clear ) it should not afraid of the treaties being explicit in that regard . 
  it does not make sense to say one thing to the british public and say another thing to other eu member states . 
  this kind of thing leads to problems . 
  for a federation to occur , all member states have to agree . 
  the uk 's position is that it will never agree to a federation . 
  thus a federation can never occur , whatever the other member states want , as the uk will always veto it . 
  if the other member states and the uk want totally different things , then it is best to be clear about it , so that we stop being in a union together . 
  i think the uk should be honest with its intentions , that is all . 
   that 's some pretty dodgy reasoning . 
  a people is not the same as a state , and there are many forms of union other than federations . 
  if the eu is not moving in the direction of a federation , the uk should insist that the treaties are clarified so that it is explicitly clear that it not going to become a federation . 
  sweden does not have a * de jure * opt out . 
   `` ever closer union '' can be interpreted in many different ways . 
  it can refer to a union of peoples in increased solidarity , not political union . 
  i agree that the term itself is vague . 
  however , it is clear from the term that there is only one direction permitted . 
  peoples can not decrease in solidarity if that is what they wish . 
  also , on multiple occasions the cjeu has used this expression as an argument within its legal reasoning in judgments , indicating that it does not have some limited merely airy-fairy meaning . 
  denmark also got an opt-out . 
  the treaties allow both the uk and denmark to opt-in if they want . 
  however , the different currencies allowed within the eu do not have a similar status . 
  cameron wants to change this so that the eu is expressly and permanently a union of more than one currency , so that there is an equivalence of status . 
   the eu has no natural destination or nature . 
  further integration is not predetermined or preordained . 
  further integration is predetermined . 
  the acquis only moves in one direction ( powers , once gained by the eu institutions , are never returned to the member states ) . 
  `` ever closer union '' shows that there is a natural destination of the eu . 
  a somewhat interesting article from a very good journalist . 
   i 'll remember that geographical location argument the next time someone tells me the uk ca n't be in schengen because it 's an island . 
  i do n't think anyone has argued that the uk ca n't be in schengen beacuse it is an island . 
  after all , malta is in schengen and is an island . 
  the reason the uk should not join schengen is because it would have to give up control over who it lets into the uk . 
  there has been a camp in calais for the last decade of people that want to get into the uk , but do n't have a legal right to do so . 
  obviously , the uk needs to stay out of schengen in order to control its borders . 
  the common law refers to the legal system of england ( and also most u.s. states , ireland , new zealand etc ) as opposed to civil law ) . 
  in what way is mentioning `` common law '' doubling down ? 
  where is the double down ? 
  there is a uk legal system for some parts of uk law , like tax or company law . 
  but i was mostly referring to english common law and being lazy with my language . 
  wait till they wheel out charlotte church ... 
  common law . 
  do you know how you will vote ? 
  are you going to be involved in campaigning ? 
   referendum on eu membership this soon after a very close indy referendum was n't a good idea the right time for the scottish independence referendum ( and any subsequent scottish independence referendum ) is when the scottish people want a referendum , which can be shown by them voting for a party that has a referendum as a manifesto commitment . 
  the same can be said for a uk referendum on eu membership . 
  the british people voted for parties that campaigned for an eu referendum and had this explicit promise in their manifestos . 
  it is a good idea to have a referendum if the people want one . 
   indeed , although the answer there is gradual withdrawal as bilateral agreements are drawn up - which of course the stay campaign would make out to be impossible . 
  this is of course the actual answer . 
  it is a difficult one to argue to a general public with limited interest in an era of soundbites ... 
   just we havent really had the need for big changes currently there is an extraodinarily big need for a massive change to cope with the assymetric shocks caused by a single currency without a fiscal transfer mechanism . 
  this need has been painfully evident for more than five years . 
   i think they should too , i 'm not sure they will given it might not help their campaigning , or at least , they wo n't say it too loudly . 
  i think it would help the campaign a lot actually . 
  the big risk for the `` leave '' campaign is that it becomes associated too much with people being negative about immigration . 
  the aim of a referendum campaign is to win the votes of the centre ground of british politics and that central ground wants some immigration but wants controlled immigration . 
  if the `` leave '' campaign can have both a positive vision for immigration ( from across the globe ) but also have a sensible vision ( controlled ) i think that would be very helpful . 
  it would also put the `` remain '' side on the backfoot , they would have to explain why they prioritised eu immigration and why that should n't be controlled . 
  the main risk to this strategy is that it means that the `` leave '' campaign has to commit to leaving the eea , which it does n't want to do . 
   i think i said this elsewhere ( or at least the reverse . . ) but it will be interesting to see how people who no longer support eu membership , but not on the basis of immigration , are treated by the various campaigns . 
  i actually assume the leave campaigns will broadly not bother campaigning on immigration ( because there is n't really any need to ) and the stay will alienate people who want reform , by trying to paint them as anti-immigration . . 
  in my view the `` leave '' campaign should say that the uk , free of the eu , would have the option to have an immigration that treated people of whatever nationality , religion and ethnicity equally . 
  they can make a somewhat good argument that the `` remain '' campaign prioritises eu citizens over non-eu citizens and that this priority is fundamentally contradictory to british values . 
  if it were me in charge of the campaign i would certainly run that line . 
   from a moral perspective , at least in my view , slowly opening up more borders is preferable to closing them . 
  you 're being ridiculous if you 're saying giving the uk full control of immigration will somehow lead to more freedom of movement , and freedom of movement is something i hold incredibly dear . 
  the uk having control over immigration does not mean that the uk will necessarily have less immigration . 
  it might be that the uk has very high immigration ( and in my view this is very likely when looking at other first world anglophone countries , like usa , canada and australia , all of which have very high immigration ) . 
  if a country having high immigration is `` moral '' then this is not connected to the uk having control over its own immigration . 
   there are , however , pragmatic reasons to deal with it , and geographical location and economic proximity are good places to start if you 're opening fully . 
  geographic location is irrelevant in a globalised world . 
  if we are looking just at economic proximity ( and there is no reason why we should look at that ) then the uk would choose other countries . 
   a points system is also bureaucracy and ca n't necessarily adapt to market needs . 
  i it works very well with australia , canada , usa . 
   i know for sure that i would never have gained access through one , having zero education to speak of , but i still am objectively a pretty good deal for the uk , paying in vastly more tax than the average native and taking out very little . 
  this depends how the points are calibrated . 
  points do n't need to be an inflexible concept , as the needs of the economy changes so do they way points are calibrated . 
   so you 'd lose people who do n't fit whatever system you set up . 
  the uk currently loses people from the way its immiration policy is set up . 
  any country with any controls on immigration at all loses people . 
  the question is deciding which ones you want to lose . 
   so for those people leaving the eu is n't about curbing immigration and so it 's somewhat irrelevant whether the current or future governments want to curb immigration or not . . 
  this is where i am . 
  immigration is relatively low down in my list of concerns though i will definitely vote to leave . 
  i can conceive of a uk that has left the eu having higher levels of immigration . 
  to the extent that i was convinced that this was in the interests of the british economy , that infrastructure and housing could cope and that the wages of poorer earners were n't being negatively impacted , i would be fine with that . 
  if it is not mean to have any impact , it should n't be in the treaty at all and you wo n't mind removing it . 
  no compromise is possible :  french president fran\u00e7ois hollande said earlier this year as he signed new agreements providing close to $ 1 billion to the city and the region that `` never will france authorize any modification of any kind '' to the city 's status as the parliament 's seat . 
  the eu is institutionally incapable of serious reform , which is why the uk should leave . 
  it is not hypocritical to live abroad but think there should be a cap on intra-eu immigration . 
  lots of brits live in australia and think there should be a cap on intra-eu immigration . 
  or people might think that the uk should have a cap on intra-eu immigration and other eu countries should be free also to impose a cap , but still plan to move abroad because they would fall within the cap .
