  it is a real problem which the eu does not seem to be capable of solving . 
   to me there 's as little difference between a german engineer coming over to work for one of the many green energy projects or a eastern european coming over to pick up a seasonal job in limburg 's agriculture as there 'd be for a wallonian moving to do the same . 
  to me i am just as happy with an indian engineer as i am with a belgian engineer . 
  that 's why i would make the rules the same for them . 
   many here i think you included also seem to want to set their immigration policy to favour high skilled labour because `` rich people like me benefit far more than unskilled people '' . 
  this is n't quite my position . 
  i think the skills needed by the british economy would change from time to time : sometimes they might be high skills , sometimes low skills , as the economy changes . 
  that is the beauty about the points system . 
  it can be modified to reflect changing needs . 
   which is a blatently racist statement , but it 's on like +30 . 
  i do n't care if you 're polish or indian , the vast majority of immigrants work hard and deserve a place in our society . 
  this is / r/europe . 
  earlier the top comment was one in which was talking about `` indian rape culture '' . 
  comments talking about the contribution that indians have made to the uk are being downvoted . 
  ( they seem butthurt that brits might not want to distinguish between poles and indians . ), 
   so it 's okay to give priority to people based on their skills but not their nationality , is n't that a bit hypocritical ? 
  you tell me . 
  there is no country in the world that has no limits on immigration at all . 
  almost no political party has a policy of no immigration . 
  essentially our choices as to how to limit immigration relate to our values . 
  perhaps , in your values , it is preferable to favour people of some nations over others . 
  personally , my values prefer not to select on the basis of those things , but on the basis of economic considerations . 
   you guys are lucky , for now , to get such a big number of immigrants that push your economy upwards ( since i am pretty sure , british birth rate is low ) . 
  the reason for the high immigration rate into the uk is ( i ) language and ( ii ) good job market . 
  the uk has this in common with the rest of the anglosphere : usa , nz , aus , ca all have the same experience : none of them are short of people wanting to live there . 
  british birth rate is higher than almost the rest of the eu . 
   if i would have some political power , i would 100 % try to sing some kind of agreement with uk to send most of the immigrants to romania . 
  i have no idea what you are saying here !, 
   and if you are from northern ireland it is not immigration but it would be if you were born a few km south ? 
  some centuries ago someone coming from scotland to london would have been an immigrants but not anymore , why ? 
  actually there have never been immigration laws in any part of britain related to another part of britain . 
   do n't you think we could do the same evolution with the eu ? 
  i look at the greek debt crisis , and the regular hatred that many greeks experience on / r/europe . 
  europeans , when it comes to things like money , turn out not to really believe in the eu . 
  they do n't want to send their money south . 
  if they did , the crisis in greece would already be cured ,, 
   immigration within it 's borders is a part where which & similar provisions from which the uk did not opt out kind of took over an aspect of the nation state . 
  from my point of view it is thus not an issue of the eu `` discriminating '' to clarify , i never wrote that the eu was discriminating . 
  i wrote that the uk , which is in charge of immigration policy in relation to non-eu states , does discriminate between nationals of other eu states and nationals of other countries . 
   an thus solely an argument based on the perception of british/non british vs europeans/non europeans . 
  the eu is nowhere near a nation . 
  the painfully obvious evidence of this is the greek crisis ( something that is nothing to do with the uk or ukip ! ) . 
  if europeans really believed in the eu , then they would be able to solve the greek crisis . 
  but they do n't and they ca n't . 
   you may start repeating that the uk is a country & the eu is not , etc. 
  you 've said it before . 
  it does n't really matter whether or not i say it . 
  it is simply the position under international law . 
  again , i 'm not really sure what point you are trying to make . 
  my position is that the uk should leave the eu and put in place an entirely new immigration policy that is neutral as to nationality . 
   you keep saying that the eu descriminates on nationality . 
  an eu citizen like a pole being more welcome then a pakikistani but then do n't you think that the uk does this even more ? 
  after all it favours it 's local population over immigrants to a much larger degree . 
  i 'm talking about immigration law . 
  uk citizens do n't immigrate to the uk as they are already there . 
  i have no idea what point you are trying to make ? 
  are you suggesting that there should be a law for uk citizens to immigrate to the uk ? 
  or do you mean something else ? 
   but it 's not the biggest problem in the uk or the eu , it 's not even a real problem i 'm not saying it is the biggest problem : it is n't in my top ten list of problems relating to the uk . 
  however , i think it does cause some problems which is why i think it should be fixed . 
   he has a xenophobic agenda and it 's poisoning european discourse . 
  he does n't have a xenophobic agenda . 
  he wants the uk 's immigration policy to be neutral as to nationality . 
  every other uk political party favours some nations far more than others . 
  his is the least xenophoic . 
  i do n't really care about poisoning european discourse as my strong preference is for the uk to leave the eu . 
   but these policies already exist . 
  immigrants are giving a huge boost to the uk 's and europe 's economy as a whole already . 
  immigrants are giving a net boost to the uk economy , but that does not mean that no impovements can be made to the uk 's immigration policy . 
  different parts of the uk are impacted by immigration in different ways : rich people like me benefit far more than unskilled people . 
  people wanting to get on the housing ladder also find it hard . 
  separately , as matter of principle , i object to an immigration policy that gives priority to a german over a turk purely on the basis of nationality . 
   if you welcome immigrants as much as you say then i do n't get why you would want to change anything about the situation as it is right now . 
  i think a better immigration policy , both in terms of ethics and in terms of outcome , is to be neutral as to nationality of origin but discriminate on the basis of other factors such as skills . 
  this controlled immigration policy also allows the uk to ensure that immigration is matched to infrastructure development . 
   if you want to turn your country into a fortress , although it has never actually done anything good in the entirety of human history , by all means go for it but please stop annyoing the rest of us the uk outside the eu would n't be a fortress . 
  immigrants from all over the world would still come to the uk . 
  the us regulators just are more aggressive when it comes to fines . 
  there is nothing to stop regulators in the uk and the eu taking a similar approach . 
   am i not allowed to worry about all three ? 
  you can worry about all three , but if you are using `` resentment '' as a rationale for preferring polish immigrants to indian immigrants , then you should also use it in relation to german and spanish immigrants . 
   27 % of indians from this survey view the uk negatively . 
  it 's not exactly `` anti-british '' , but its almost a third of their population that views britain negatively . 
  your own data shows that 34 % of germans and 36 % of spaniards view the uk negatively . 
  it seems odd to worry about this in relation to indians , but not in relation to germans and spaniards . 
   the fact is a commonwealth citizen has more rights than any other immigrant . 
  of course they have less rights in the uk than an eu citizen , but that 's because eu citizens are n't really immigrants as the eu is a political union . 
  eu citizens are immigrants under every single legal definition . 
   you are free to hold an anti-eu view , but i honestly do n't see how leaving the eu aids in the neutrality of nationality ... 
  there are only two options for absolute neutrality for immigration and that 's open borders for everyone or remove all immigration agreements we currently have ( including our free movement between the uk and ireland as well as abolishing the commonwealth citizenship ) . 
  ireland should be a special case because of northern ireland and recent terrorism and the preservation of the peace process . 
  ukip 's immigration policy is far more neutral than that of the other parties as the rights of immigrants will be extremely similar whatever nationality . 
  if you really think that commonwealth citizens have similar rights to eu citizens then you just do not know very much about uk immigration law . 
   taking a very politically correct stance when it suits you , eh ? 
  i 'm not someone who is politically correct . 
  i do n't consider myself to be a cultural relativist . 
  however , i can not envisage any workable immigration policy that takes into consideration `` culture '' . 
  i think that the pragmatic position in relation to immigration is a points based system and control by the uk . 
  i am sufficiently confident that the uk is ( correctly managed ) able to integrate people from whichever culture ( provided that things like education , housing , infrastructure and employment are managed correctly ) . 
   knowing you 're usually a rational and capable man - when the subject is not ukip , that is i 'll take this as a compliment , but i 'd just like you to tell me which part of my proposed immigration policy ( broadly similar in principle to the ukip one ) is not rational .
