  well , in the same way i am happy that brits wo n't have the same rights as germans . 
  i 'm assuming you do n't work in finance ? 
  frankfurt is a home to local finance , but london is a home to global finance . 
  deutschebank is bigger in london than it is in germany . 
  as for what else the uk does , the uk does well with other professional services , also creative industries ( music , computer games etc ) also some manufacturing , pharmaceuticals , high-end engineering . 
  but finance is where we excell !, 
  it seems like you want trade barriers with the uk to punish us for leaving the eu . 
  i find it odd that you seem happy to trade with russia , which has just annexed crimea , but want to put up barriers to trade with the uk . 
  i suppose for you leaving the eu is a greater sin than annexing crimea?also , you really are n't holding all the cards . 
  the uk imports much more from the eu than it exports . 
  do you think ireland would agree to trade barriers with the uk ? 
  ireland 's economy would be devastated . 
  actually , our newspapers have been extremely critical of farage . 
  perhaps show me the article you are thinking about that was cult-like ? 
  however , people like me who want a brexit do think that farage is a principled politician . 
  also , farage is n't saying that people should n't be able to marry people from overseas . 
  i know many many people in the uk from outside the eu who work in the uk easily . 
  there is no need for this to change when we leave the eu . 
  :-) married people can always come to the uk if their spouses are british . 
  also , i find it odd ( and somewhat offensive that you need to start talking about empire . 
  not wanting to be part of the eu is nothing to do with an empire ideology and i find it strange that you would want to even mention this ( other than deliberately trying to offend me ) . 
  this is insane as me saying that you as a german want to take over the eu like you did in the 1930s . 
  this kind of stuff is really not important these days . 
  perhaps once the uk leaves the eu , you and your leaders will snub and ignore the uk !, 
  you seem to want that . 
  personally i hope that on the uk 's side we try and maintain good and friendly relations with the entire world . 
  it sounds like the money transfer thing is a decision for individual banks then . 
  i am with hsbc and do n't pay charges . 
  when i was living it italy , and banking with imi san paolo i had to pay to transfer money back to the uk . 
  in the event of a brexit , there will be a question about what happens to brits in the eu and europeans in britain , but i personally do n't see why there would be a problem . 
  there are a lot more europeans living in britain than brits living in the eu . 
  also , as someone that has colleagues from all over the world , i really do n't think that visas need to be a big problem . 
  i am cool with brits not having the same rights as germans , just as i am fine with brits not having the same rights as canadians . 
  our people really wo n't suffer if you federalise . 
  the uk is still a big player , with a large economy , a big military , huge soft power and a long tradition of diplomacy around the world . 
  this is the reason why you want us to stay in the eu . 
  once we leave , it will be in both of our interests to cooperate in many areas , e.g the growing threat of russia . 
  ukip really is n't a personality cult and more than die angie is leading a cult . 
  i voted ukip , but entirely as a matter of principle . 
  also , being against a federal europe is n't just ukip , it is everyone in the uk : conservatives , labour , lib dems are all against junker . 
  brits just do n't want a federal eu , so i think it makes sense for us to separate . 
  is it not better to have a friendly neighbour ( and the uk will be a friend to europe ) rather than a difficult tenant ? 
  i have met nigel 's wife , very nice lady . 
  he does n't try to hide her . 
  however , thankfully being a politician 's wife in the uk is not really a news story . 
  once everyone has discussed about him being married to a german , what else is there to say ? 
  which bank were you using in the uk ? 
  i regularly transfer money out of the uk without paying a charge . 
  the thing about the flat rate on phones is that this level will go up as the phone companies will still want to pass on their costs to consumers . 
  the eu legislation just moves costs from international use to domestic use . 
  as mentioned before , the brits working around the eu help the economies there . 
  i do n't believe that in germany you have no people working there from outside the eu . 
  perhaps you do n't like brits and you personally would like to send the current ones home . 
  i do n't think your view would be a majority one ? 
  i really do n't care if the eu federalises once the uk has left . 
  obviously , you can not do it with the uk inside it . 
  you and i therefore have totally the same goals . 
  we both want a brexit and we should join forces to achieve our joint aim :-), 
  actually , there is no charge to move money from germany to the uk that the uk imposes . 
  there is only a charge on currency conversion and that is very low . 
  so perhaps that charge you were told about is one that germany imposes on you ? 
  as for phones charges , the effect of the eu law will be to put up prices on costs in your own country . 
  as for losing a job and working abroad , both the uk and germany have low unemployment : the real problems are in southern europe where there are terrible employment problems caused partly by the euro . 
  the british people working in germany help the german economy , so it would be surprising if you sent them back , especially given that there are many turks living in germany who are not in the eu . 
  however , it will be your choice . 
  equally , given that more than a million properties in spain are owned by brits , i do n't think they would send brits home , given the crisis in their real estate market . 
  i find it odd that you think trade barriers would go up . 
  are you aware of all the trade agreements that the eu has in place ? 
  the uk is the eu 's biggest export market . 
  it would be odd if you wanted to make it harder for yourselves to export to your biggest market . 
  it is surprising that you are talking about being incorporated into the usa , this makes me think that you have no idea about the uk at all !, 
  it may seem like a little thing that you guys do . 
  but it is actually a very important thing and you guys should be proud of it !, 
  i 'm actually not very pro-ukip at all . 
  i am somewhat anti-ukip , but voted them in the eu elections just to achieve a specific one-off political outcome . 
  i think being in a federal european superstate in which our own parliament can not control our own destiny represents a big risk . 
  it 's not something i personally do , my hr team do it so i do n't know the details . 
  however , it has never caused a problem . 
  in the last couple of months we have hired two australians and one canadian . 
  i assume it is the same process each time . 
  i guess the fact that i work in a very profitable industry helps :-), 
  i think being in the eu is a catastrophically bad idea ... :-), 
  honestly , sorting a work visa is something my hr team do in a matter of hours . 
  it really does n't matter . 
  cameron 's position here , though , is the uk position . 
  ukip agree with him . 
  labour agree with him . 
  the lib dems agree with him . 
  the telegraph agree with him . 
  the guardian agree with him . 
   mechanical engineering in germany . 
  not being in the eu makes it far more of a hassle to find work than it otherwise would be . 
  provided you speak german and are technically excellent , you will be totally fine whether or not we are in the eu . 
  as an employer , i regularly employ people with the right skill-set from outside the eu . 
  this is how the real world works . 
   i really hope you guys finally get your referendum . 
  in the uk we do things surprisingly slowly . 
  it is very annoying !, 
  in fact , i am starting to think it would be easier to persuade the rest of the eu to get rid of us , rather than trying to leave ourselves ... 
   oh so you lot are the ones i should blame for my future job prospects being hurt significantly .
