  also , even if scotland wants to leave the uk and join the eu , wales and northern ireland wo n't . 
   really ? 
  i doubt it . 
  i ca n't see us leaving . 
  i can . 
  opinion polls are very close and renegotiating the relationship is going to be incredibly tricky . 
  also , it is no longer just about us wanting to leave . 
  it is now also about some people in the eu wanting to get rid of us . 
   i 'd be interested to know how you come to this conclusion . 
  he was talking about juncker 's views . 
  the british public 's views are totally at odds with juncker 's views . 
  cameron 's position is pretty close to the british public 's views , as can be seen by the way everyone in the uk was against juncker : labour , ukip , the lib dems , the conservatives , the guardian , the telegraph . 
  the uk has been very united in this . 
   what was the point in your comment ? 
  yeah , it was a pointless comment , so i did n't respond to it . 
   who cares ? 
  it will hit the english economy hard , but if that 's what you weird people want , then so be it . 
  no , the british economy will be fine . 
  you guys will keep wanting to trade with the uk , because we 're the eu 's biggest export market . 
  however , we will do free trade deals with the rest of the world too . 
   this sort of makes cameron right , but as he pulled his party out of the epp , he certainly had no say in the matter whatsoever , and should take the blame for his own stupid decisions . 
  besides , his vocal opposition to juncker probably united other leaders against him . 
  when people know that cameron is right , but that they vote against cameron anyway , then you kind of know that trust has broken down completely between the uk and reu . 
  we 're basically like a married couple that share a house but not a bedroom any more . 
  once it gets to that stage , sooner or later we stop living together . 
   did the telegraph warn you about the end of the world again ? 
  dude , a brexit just got a lot more likely . 
  both of us can celebrate that fact !, 
  you get your federal state and we get our sovereignty !, 
   in fact , it was the eu voter who wanted him there . 
  [ the eu voter does n't know who juncker is . 
  ] ( http://www.aecr.eu/new-aecramr-poll-destroys-jean-claude-junckers-mandate/ ), 
   not really sure if i want this guy at this position ... too bad that your government wants him in this position !, 
   it 's funny because the uk is one of the major reasons belgium exists . 
  this pointless country also prevented your ass from being slaughtered in duinkerke . 
  we 've been very mean to belgium in our jokes over the years and i 'm sorry . 
  we really do love you and are grateful ... 
   to celebrate the ( temporary ) end of the drama i 'll be having a cognac for breakfast tomorrow . 
  and to celebrate the beginning of a much bigger drama ( because , believe me , this is coming ) i will be drinking it too . 
   too bad the bulk of the british population ( which will ultimately make that call ) is no less ignorant than my country 's population , or any other country 's population for that matter . 
  there 's a reason why referendums are not always a good idea on many subjects , otherwise you would get a tyranny of the majority . 
  personally i think tyranny of the majority is better than tyranny of the experts/elite . 
   the takeover does n't even have to be military , if the eu disbands . 
  as soon as the eu disbands the usual business of corrupt politicians romania has so diligently worked to put in jail since joining the eu will come back into power . 
  i find this idea extremely depressing . 
  as a brit , i do n't at all feel that corrupt politicians will come to power in britain if we leave the eu . 
  is there no chance of an independent romania that functions as a normal western democracy with the rule of law , a free press , an independent judiciary and so forth ? 
  if this can work in britain , why ca n't it work in romania ? 
   i never understood why do western nations have any interest in eastern europe , besides having a comfortable buffer zone between them and russia , which is what also russia is ultimately trying to have . 
  i guess western nations like britain would prefer to see an entire world that had full functioning democracies . 
  ideally it should n't be romania that is the last post of democracy ; democracy should extend fully into russia , china and the stans . 
  when communism fell in eastern europe , the west did not see this as the creation of a buffer zone , but as the march of western values further east . 
  the fact that belgians have done this ceremony every single day for decades is something that brits and other commonwealthers should really appreciate . 
  '' * erig\u00e9 par les nations de l'empire britannique en l'honneur de leurs morts ce monument est offert aux citoyens d'ypres pour l'ornement de leur cit\u00e9 et en comm\u00e9moration des jours o\u00f9 l'arm\u00e9e britannique l' a d\u00e9fendue contre l'envahisseur * '' `` erected by the nations of the british empire in honour of their dead this monument is offered to the citizens of ypres for the ornament of their city and in commemoration of the days where the british army defended it against the invader . '', 
   no , they include the uk citizens themselves . 
  are you now complaining that you do n't pay enough relative to poor states ? 
  just drop the rebate then . 
  i 'm more than happy for the wealthy british tax-payer to contribute to disaster relief in relation to people that need it , anywhere around the world . 
   that 's because you think of it as charity , where the rich give to the poor . 
  in an insurance situation , the lucky give to the unlucky . 
  there is no point taking out insurance when you do n't need it . 
  britain does n't need this insurance . 
   it was about the government stance you were justifying . 
  i was also writing what i , as an individual , personally want , but i agree that this view is largely the same as that of the current uk government . 
   that 's pretty vague and unsubstantiated . 
  [ this is my substantiation of that point . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/291nxq/camerons_battle_over_juncker_has_sapped_uks_eu/cigrt0c )  disaster relief funds are not charity , they 're insurance . 
  the people paying for that insurance are poor tax-payers in countries that are much poorer than the uk . 
  whether you call it charity or whether you call it insurance , i do n't think as a matter of principle tax payers in poor eu countries should be paying for disaster relief in wealthy countries like britain which can look after themselves . 
   that 's hard to believe when the uk government often protests for the sake of protesting . 
  i 'm not the uk government . 
  also , i do n't think the uk government protests for the sake of protesting . 
  i think the uk government says no as a matter of both principle and politics . 
  also , outside the eu , relations between the uk and the eu will be entirely different from how they are now . 
   recently they even refused available eu funds for help with the floods . 
  personally i do n't think rich countries , like the uk , should be taking limited funds from taxpayers in countries that are much poorer than the uk , for problems that we could easily solve ourselves . 
   we have many people relying on charitable organisations . 
  this is not the same as going without food . 
  no , i also want friendship . 
  would n't you rather have the brits as good neighbours than bad tenants ? 
  going without food is not a problem anywhere in europe . 
  unemployment is . 
  you do n't need to be sad . 
  we can stay friends . 
  the majority of the uk does not really care , but if you asked them would say no to a federalist . 
  of the few people that care ( and i am one of those people ) we do n't want a federalist , but some of us are happy because it might make a brexit more likely . 
  there are some very pro-eu people in the uk that i guess support junker . 
  a majority are coming from the rest of the eu , because they can earn more money and have better job prospects in the uk . 
  none of eastern europe is subject to a formal bailout , so i do n't think it is that . 
  the countries subject to a bailout are portugal , italy , greece , spain and cyprus . 
  actually , i think that in the uk there is more patience for fund going towards eastern europe than southern europe . 
   that cameron wants the uk to become net recipient instead of financing member nowadays . 
  this really is n't the case . 
  uk policy on this is certainly for the uk to be a net contributor . 
  the uk government just thinks that currently the uk budget , spent mainly on agriculture , is not effectively used . 
   ... that 's true . 
  but negotiations implicate reasonable demands , which cameron does n't seems that much in a hurry to offer . 
  it might be a carpet seller tactic . 
  asking for an arm , then asking to settle for an inch . 
  but bruxelles will never settle for his current demands within the eu , or at least most of those .
