  to me this argument does not make sense . 
  i 've just re-read article 17 ( 7 ) of the treaty . 
  given that it specifically has a procedure for what happens of the parliament reject the choice of the council , this makes me think that the council are not bound to nominate the candidate who has a majority . 
  i read `` taking into account '' literally ( but then , i am a common law lawyer :-) ) as giving the council flexibility . 
  i agree with what you 're saying , my point still stands though , that thursday 's vote sheds light on how likely scottish independence is . 
  scottish independence was a big issue on thursday . 
  technically , does n't the council make the decision and then the parliament endorse or reject the decision ? 
  i forget what the treaties say on this , but that 's what i recall they said . 
  i 'm kinda sick of the uk being in a minority in the eu and always getting criticised . 
  we tried our best for years to reform the cap but it never worked . 
  i think it is time to call it quits and go it alone . 
  we will stay friends with europe , just not be in a federal superstate with them . 
  i think this is best for the eu as well . 
  i see that switzerland manages to get good trade deals with a lot of the world . 
  i think the uk can too . 
  this is something they do after each election is n't it ? 
  he is just going with customary practice . 
  i agree that there are `` yes '' voters outside the snp , but independence is a party political issue though and the votes on thursday are not something we can ignore . 
  i expect almost zero scottish tories or scottish ukippers will be voting `` yes '' in september . 
  i also expect scottish labour also to vote heavily in favour of the union . 
  and i expect a majority of snp voters to vote `` yes '' . 
  they are different cases , but there are obviously parallels too . 
  one major difference is that the uk might be leaving the eu . 
  i 'm just commenting on why i think scotland will stay with the uk , even if it means leaving the eu . 
  china is gradually getting better . 
  you 're right , there are protectionist parts of the world . 
  but the eu has protectionist elements too . 
  i understand why you feel like that , but note that nobody in britain feels the same way as that . 
  we as a nation were not thinking about commission president when we voted . 
  also , none of us voted for either junker ( as brits have no epp representative ) or schulz ( the uk labour party did not endorse schulz and told him not to come to the uk to campaign ) . 
  edit - ok - rather than down voting , how about addressing what i have written ? 
  we will see what the council agrees - they have a dinner tomorrow i think . 
  it is going to be hard to predict . 
  edit - why the constant downvotes ? 
  what was it about my comment that made you downvote ? 
  this is how things worked out . 
  the scottish government had a referendum in their manifesto in the scottish elections , so there was no way they could wait for it . 
  there is also no possibility to bring the brexit referendum forward , because the conservatives do not have a parliamentary majority . 
  but i agree , the issues are somewhat connected . 
  cameron actually likes thorning-schmidt - remember the selfie with him , her and obama ?!, 
  the reason cameron will likely do this is to flatter her . 
  the tory policy from now on in europe is to build allies to be able to renegotiate the british position and repatriate powers . 
  britain really needs denmark on side for this kind of thing . 
  also , denmark is not in the eurozone and getting a dane into the commission presidency will be seen as a victory for cameron on this basis . 
  i know italians love to protest . 
  when i lived in milano there were weekly scioperi on the mezzi . 
  :-) based on yesterday 's results i guess you will be protesting if anyone other than junker is president ? 
  yes , but the snp 's share of the vote makes me think they will lose the referendum in september . 
  david cameron is apparently going to support helle thorning-schmidt for commission president . 
  you 're right that spain said that they would n't veto a scottish application , but they have said that scotland would have to go through a full application process . 
  based on last night 's result , i think a majority of the scottish electorate , will decide to stay in the uk , whether the uk stays or leaves the eu . 
  i do n't think that there is anything that the eu can change in this debate . 
  if you look at the detail of those polls , they showed clearly that people wanted trade with the eu , but not the other stuff . 
  that is just too bad . 
  democracy is not working . 
  what group did you want them to join ? 
  spain will not allow scotland a free pass into the eu because they do n't want to set a precedent for catalunia . 
  a lot of people who voted tory also want the uk to leave the eu . 
  true , but the greens need to ask why , at a time that there is a huge disaffection with mainstream politics , they are not moving forwards at all . 
  this is not going to happen . 
  one word : espa\u00f1a . 
  scotland might have to choose between the eu and the uk . 
  it is n't clear what they prefer given these choices . 
  yes , the british electoral system , which did make sense for most of british history , probably no longer makes sense . 
  however , we had a referendum on whether or not to change it , but decided not to . 
  i expect that the rise of ukip will mean that electoral reform will now be back on the political agenda in the uk . 
  but the uk likes to do things slowly :-) as for eu membership , what is the compromise you will offer to the uk to keep us in ? 
  i know this sounds a bit threatening , but i also think it is the new political reality . 
  as you know , i am very eusceptic , but with the right compromise i will vote to stay in . 
  how important is the uk 's membership to you ? 
  many thanks . 
  haha thanks for the detailed explanation , much appreciated . 
  even though it was n't meant to be comedy , for a british viewer it is just hilarious . 
  also , comedy has always had a profound ability to make a strong political point . 
  by `` political system '' i mean `` westminster system of government '' . 
  i 'm on a phone right now and do n't have time to explain it , but it you are interested there are interesting articles on the internet about it . 
  it sounds like you and i have different ideas of how a democracy should work ? 
  also , if you are frustrated with brits , do n't you think it makes sense for us both to move on ? 
  i think that would be best for the uk , but also best for europe . 
  without us in the eu , you wo n't have to deal with british obstructionism any more . 
  is n't that better for you too ? 
  not all costs and benefits can be measured as `` facts '' though , some of these benefits and costs are value judgments , like how well a democracy functions and so forth . 
  on federalism , i thought all the main candidates for the position of commission president were federalists ? 
  are n't schulz , junker and ver hofstadt federalists ? 
  anyway , a lot of eureditors are federalists it seems !, 
  i was being flippant when i said i saw europe as a neighbour . 
  many of my close friends are from continental europe , i speak several european languages , i 've lived and worked on the continent . 
  i am massive europhile . 
  i 'm voting ukip on a sovereignty basis and a belief that the uk 's future is better off out . 
  i think my point about culture stands though . 
  while you and i may feel very culturally european , we are a small minority in the uk . 
  for most people in the uk , europe just means the eurovision song contest and a holiday on a beach in spain . 
  not in favour of a world government , but in favour of global trade and alliances among the free , liberal , democratic world . 
  but i do n't think it makes sense to favour the eu above the rest of the world . 
  today is an interesting day to see what happens . 
  there are already calls for labour to offer a referendum on eu membership and there are calls for the conservatives to offer an informal electoral pact to ukip , to bring forward the referendum and so forth . 
  this is n't populism , this is listening to the voters . 
  in my mind this is how democracy should work . 
  also , nobody in britain is thinking about european parties . 
  this is not on the agenda in british politics .
