  what did the british do to you ? 
   you are correct . 
  the irony with this and the article is that the missed development caused by the half century of forced communism was caused in fact by the ... germans . 
  the soviets get a lot of the blame too , no ? 
   i think it is more realistic to demand migrants to adapt rather than to demand hosts to adapt . 
  so for we example we are very careful to give a very international name to our first daugther . 
  our family name is already so . 
  tha way she will not look too foreign anywhere . 
  let me guess . 
  you 've called your daughter jennifer anniston ? 
  or maybe kate middleton ? 
  or perhaps amy winehouse ? 
   however you put it , eastern europeans end up with lower pay  ) maybe that 's why they are poor ? 
  the reason why they are poor is because they did not industrialise during the 19th and early part of the century to the same extent as western europe and then they endured communism for half a century after ww2 . 
  lower pay now is a consequence of that history . 
  if they develop their economies in the right way from now on , the paygap will decrease . 
  the article is talking about what will happen after the next election , not what will happen to the current government . 
   quite sanguine about the notion of a formal currency union being struck , given it will only exist with the continued consent of the scottish parliament . 
  if a formal currency union is struck , i expect that one of the conditions to it will be that it lasts a significant period of time ( e.g. 
  40 years or more ) . 
  the fact that iscotland is proposing a currency union that they might subsequently want to end at any moment is one of the reasons why ruk is very reluctant to enter into a formal currency union . 
   actually it 's very stable . 
  it 's 20 years they 're doing nothing . 
  in my view what italy needs is a great reforming government , capable of making dramatic change . 
  we 'll see if renzi can do this . 
  not in england . 
  the scottish `` yes '' campaign think that they will get opt outs . 
  which countries wo n't give them opt outs ? 
  even if they do n't get a formal opt out from then euro , they are planning not to join it anyway ( like sweden ) . 
  if i have time to be on reddit , my fellow eureditors have time to be on it ... 
  what 's petty ? 
  how come people are n't up in arms about the free movement of capital ? 
  the issue ( in my mind ) is not whether or not the other nations of the eu will accept scotland . 
  it is more a question of what terms . 
  will they allow scotland to get the benefit of not having to join the euro ? 
  a share in the uk rebate ? 
  an opt out of schengen ? 
  i am not sure if all the other member states will be happy for scotland to join on that basis . 
  this is n't true . 
  spain has consistently said that they will accept scotland 's membership of the eu , provided that scotland becomes independent via a legal process . 
  got to love the way that there was a shitstorm on here after the swiss referendum on free movement , yet when italy puts up barriers to free movement everyone is cool with it . 
  also in agreement with this . 
  as a matter of law , they can of course do this . 
  if there is agreement between iscotland and ruk to share the debt , as is most likely , then then that is exactly what will happen - the payment terms will be changed by law . 
  in history there are many examples of nations changing by law the payment terms of their debt . 
  as a lawyer , advising people that invest in sovereign debt , i always specifically advise people of this risk . 
  this is exactly why sovereign debt is so unusual and interesting . 
  there is n't really a federal system in the uk and the legal systems of england and scotland are surprisingly different and have approximately 1000 years of separate history . 
  there is no uk federal contract law and therefore when the uk government issues government debt it ca n't choose uk law for those debts . 
  wales does not have a separate legal system from england . 
  in wales they use english law . 
  northern ireland has a separate system of law . 
  southern ireland also has a separate system of law , but it is very similar to the english system and is part of the common law family , like australia , new zealand , canada , us . 
  scottish law is not part of the common law family in the same way . 
  as an english law i find it difficult to understand scottish law , but not australian etc. 
  it is true that there are sometimes other nations that invest in the debt . 
  but , they are treated for legal purposes as private investors . 
  thus , the law governing the relationship between them is the english law , rather than international law ( which usually governs relationships between nations ) . 
  a funny thing is that many countries choose to borrow money using english law . 
  bulgaria , lithuania , croatia , greece , poland have all chosen english law and english courts for a portion of their debt . 
  ( this is because investors feel more certain with the english legal system . 
  and why english law is a good export for the uk . ), 
  i find it very odd that you want to be in a currency union with a government that you consider negligent . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  if you can look after a currency better , go ahead . 
  what wo n't be smooth about the transition ? 
  alex salmond has only been talking about this for three decades . 
  i would have thought he would be prepared . 
  also , uk debt is not between the uk and other nations . 
  it is between the uk and private investors . 
  typically they do n't sign any agreement , they trade it via computers and the terms of the debt ( including law governing the debt ) are disclosed separately . 
   the governing law of uk national debt is english law . 
  the body that signs the forms is the one responsible . 
  it 's not a decision for english ( i suppose you mean british or do you sign for the idea that scotland is a colony ? ), 
  law alone , as the forms are written ( and signed ) between uk and other nations . 
  what you are actually doing is negotiating with the the debt holders for who handles debt . 
  sure , you can write that `` 8 % of united kingdom debt is from now paid by scotland '' but finland could legislate that as well . 
  perhaps the banks would then go to scottish government and ask are you really paying this , and they may then say `` lol no '' and that 's that then . 
  next thing you know `` england '' has a credit rating that does not include a 's . 
  i 'm not british and i do n't know it 's history very intimately . 
  perhaps you could tell me - did irish free state take part of uk debt when they left ? 
  i do n't mean british law , i mean english law . 
  in case you did n't know , england and scotland have separate legal systems . 
  when it comes to debt , there is no such thing as british law . 
  all of the debt issued by the uk is governed by english law and the courts of england have jurisdiction to decide disputes about it . 
  perhaps you are not a lawyer ? 
  as a matter of english law , the person required to repay uk debt is the person that the uk legislation says is required to pay them . 
  of course if scotland refuses to repay its share , then england will likely pay it instead . 
  but this will not harm england 's credit rating . 
  it will harm scotland 's . 
  if scotland wants a good credit rating , it will pay its share . 
  for someone who wants out , you are remarkably keen to establish a currency union !, 
   the issue is n't about any current currency union , it 's about inherited ownership of ( a percentage of ) the bank of england . 
  if scotland has moral ownership of a percentage of this nations national debt then it also has moral ownership in the same ratio of all this nations assets . 
   one of those assets is the bank of england and our ongoing ownership of it after independence puts us in a defacto currency union unless we negotiate a different outcome . 
  the snp openly stated that a currency union was their goal but that negotiations would have to take place . 
  ruk is perfectly entitled to reject any offer put forward but it is not ( or should not be ) entitled to simply assume our owned percentage . 
  it 's just about the ownership of the bank of england is it ? 
  tell you what . 
  you can have 100 per cent of the bank of england .
