  i agree and i think in the uk this is something that our government is very aware of . 
  [ this speech was made by our minister of defence yesterday and it might be interesting for you . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/coping-with-russia ) it is a stronger criticism of russia than even we are used to . 
  the speech is also interesting because it has many audiences , ( i ) russia of course , ( ii ) usa - here the uk is trying to ensure usa remains committed to nato . 
  trump wants nato to focus on islamic terrorism , uk is reminding trump that nato also needs to think not just about military force but the propaganda warfare you describe , ( iii ) eu - here uk is trying to explain to the eu that even though we voted to leave , we are basically still on your side and that it is in your interests to work with us but you all have to start paying for defence properly and think about that when we negotiate free trade . 
   but as i can see on the us example , western democracies are not necessarily immune to this either . 
  the us situation does make me question western democracies too : in fact the trump situation has been a very difficult thing for people like me , who have always had a lot of confidence in anglo-saxon models of democracy , which have worked well for many years . 
  but for the moment i still have confidence that our weird uk system of an unwritten and evolving constitution , a mad and aggressive press , bishops in our parliament and a state religion , first past the post elections and the common law , small celtic nations attached to a large english nation , will somehow hold together in a strongly democratic way under the reign of elizabeth ii ... 
   meanwhile , russia merely has to sit back and enjoy british influence in continental europe decreasing by their own choice . 
  history has not finished . 
  by voting to leave the eu , the uk has already radically changed the eu much more than we would have had we voted remain . 
  i expect that this impact will continue . 
  the eu can categorise russia as other and illiberal and undemocratic and to some extent ignore russia 's feelings about the eu , but it can not really do that with the uk . 
  brexit forces the eu to ask itself some really difficult questions . 
   but i do n't really want to start on our democracy standards . 
  i would end up writing a wall of text and i do n't want to bore you to death with czech domestic policy  your message was really interesting and actually i am not at all bored by the nature of democracy in cz and stuff like that . 
  in fact , i find this kind of thing one of the most interesting historical subjects and also one of the most important subjects , because in my mind the creation and protection of liberal democracies is arguably the most important thing for the peace and prosperity of humanity . 
   no , that 's why i said that the eu is one of the reasons why i do n't worry . 
  the other reason is that the mentality of germans changed so much after ww2 that i can hardly imagine them ever starting another war . 
  this to me is the crux of the argument . 
  is it institutions that make a democracy secure or is it a democratic culture ? 
  to me it is the latter that is the most important thing , though of course they are linked . 
  the extent to which the eu helps or harms democratic institutions and democratic culture in member states is a complex question and i think different member states are impacted in very different ways . 
   russia we in the uk have always been fortunate to be far away from russia and to know that it does not make sense to invade them . 
  cz does not have this luxury . 
  the russia question is changing what with new forms of interference and even the uk is no longer completely safe from their attempts to undermine democracy . 
  this is something that the uk government is now taking incredibly seriously . 
  from the uk 's perspective , we can contribute to this debate and struggle with our eu allies and friends once we are outside the eu . 
  let 's be pragmatic here . 
   do n't get the `` enforcing regulatory regimes '' part , either , since not being subject to eu regulation and the ecj are kind of the whole point of brexit , but otherwise it makes sense . 
  that bit of the text is describing what the european supervisory agencies currently do . 
  i suspect that what the uk government would probably like is for the eventual uk/eu treaty to require esas and uk supervisory agencies to collaborate in relation to regulation and supervision and to treat each other 's regulation and supervision as equivalent . 
  however , the uk will not want uk regulation to mirror exactly eu regulation ( party because of different legal traditions , partly because of different political imperatives and partly because of different needs ) . 
  the reality is that the uk and the eu have different needs when it comes to the regulation and supervision of financial services . 
  the eu needs a financial services regulatory framework primarily to make the eurozone workable and to deepen the single market , whereas the uk needs a financial services regulatory framework to support a global financial centre . 
  in some areas of financial regulation , these different needs will require the same regulation , but in others they will require different regulation . 
  the eurozone for example was primarily concerned with internal barriers between different member states , whereas the uk was far more concerned with external barriers ( towards the rest of the world ) . 
  the extent to which the uk and the eu can cooperate going forwards on financial services is an open question of course !, 
  our ambassadors have to speak the language where they are posted . 
  the uk ambassador for romania probably has to spend six months learning romanian on an intensive programme before he started work . 
  even if this is not expected by the host country , this is a uk government rule and we have had this rule for generations . 
  the rule is in place because we think it is better for diplomacy . 
  if other countries ambassadors speak english , then they are speaking the international language , but it we speak it , that could be a bit arrogant . 
  romanian sounds are particularly exciting because ( to my ears anyway ) the intonation sounds like a slav language but then the pronunciation sounds like a romance language . 
  so sometimes when romanians speak english i am `` what the hell did i just hear ?! '', 
  mind you - i can only imagine what kind of cancer your ears would get with brits speaking romanian . 
  cameron 's deal was widely reported , but it was hugely criticised by the media , our parliament , the public . 
  cameron did not campaign on it , because he know it would lose him votes . 
  vote leave were pleased with the renegotiation , because they thought it showed how little power the uk had in the eu . 
  british public were expecting a real repatriation of competences . 
  there are risks to the british economy , but brexit is not the main risk . 
  i doubt it . 
  the tories will attract business by lowering taxes . 
  most people who voted remain accept that they lost the referendum and that because we are a democracy the result should be observed . 
  few people are trying to keep us in the eu . 
  it is currently policy in the tories , labour and ukip for us to leave the eu . 
  those parties will get an overwhelming amount of votes in the next general election . 
  the voters will be for parties supporting brexit . 
   you must be thinking of some other meaning of `` brexit '' then . 
  no , i am looking at data . 
  all data suggests that half the country is not united in opposing brexit . 
   constituencies versus voters . 
  an overwhelming number of voters would vote for parties promising brexit . 
  however you look at it , voters or seats . 
  very few people will vote for mps opposed to brexit . 
  farage definitely loved being a pantomime villain deliberately to annoy people . 
  then they got annoyed , so he was pleased and did it more . 
  then they got even more annoyed etc etc. 
   what if instead of being a huge disaster brexit ends up being a mild recession for a few quarters currently it looks like there will be no recession at all , or in fact any impact . 
   never mind the half of the country united in opposing them . 
  half the country is not united in opposing brexit . 
  if there were a general election tomorrow , parties promising brexit would gain most of the votes . 
  thanks - i think that is an interesting article from the ft. 
  but even that article finished by saying `` a vote to quit the eu would almost certainly be a nasty economic shock '' . 
  that again seems to be very wide of the mark . 
  also , even discounting hmt 's short term analysis , they are not the only ones who seem to have got short term predictions wrong . 
  both boe and imf have significantly upgraded their estimates and with that some of their credibility about any of their predictions is lost . 
   i do n't see the eu as a force that is stealing our cultural uniqueness . 
  here i am not saying that you do n't have cultural uniqueness , i was more talking about political , legal , institutional and constitutional uniqueness . 
   but what about countries like mine ? 
  what do we ever have to gain from a return to pre-ww2 order in europe ? 
  to me what keeps peace is democracy . 
  i understand that the promise of eu membership was something that inspired some parts of eastern europe ( and in fact southern europe ) towards democracy and that is a good thing . 
  but the uk already had a strong and entrenched democracy so we just do n't believe that the eu is necessary for democracy . 
  from our perspective our democracy has in fact been undermined by eu membership . 
  i also think there is also a serious risk that eu membership undermines democracy in other eu countries too ( particularly greece with what we have seen with the eurozone crisis ) . 
  my position is not that the eu should end and i understand why you want your country to be part of it . 
  obviously , i respect the choices made by your country and your voters and your parliament and your government . 
  but i wonder if eu membership will always be the best thing for your democracy ? 
  do you think that democracy in your country would be undermined if you left the eu or do you think you could have a healthy democracy outside the eu ? 
  ( i once had an interesting debate with a romanian redditor who argued and convinced me that romania would not be able to have a democracy outside the eu . ), 
  and would you be really worried about danger from germany ? 
  to me germany has now a strong and entrenched democratic foundation , like uk , france or scandies and we do n't need to be scared of them . 
  and from what i know about your country , i am confident in your democracy too . 
  ironically i think that brexit will end up having positive consequences for the eu as it will force eu politicians to address some fundamental questions that they have been avoiding and it will encourage them to be more open-minded about the direction of the eu . 
  and i agree that putin and trump are crazy and that is a worry . 
  to me this is why we need to focus on nato - keep the usa in , keep russia out and keep germany down . 
   forecasts change as we get more data . 
  while this is obviously true , we should not understate the change . 
  boe went from predicting 0.8 % growth in 207 in august to 2.0 % growth today .
