  he is n't far right . 
  the interesting thing about this poll is the direction of travel . 
  corbyn is not regressive because he is left wing . 
  he is regressive because of his cocktail of absurd opinions and extreme anti-western stance . 
  this . 
  and while we 're there , let 's let canada , australia , turkey , singapore and japan join too ... 
  i guess you are going to have to rely on italy . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , there will be a realignment of british politics . 
  i will go back to voting conservative . 
  i do n't see the point of ukip once we have left the eu !, 
  for me their purpose is to leave the eu !, 
  i am interested in discussing european politics , economics and society with a range of different people , from across the political spectrum . 
  personally , i still think this is the best place for that discussion - i have learnt a lot from people on here , many of whom are very informed . 
  in terms of the refugee crisis , my heart strings are tugged just like everyone else 's . 
  but my head is not clear about what is best to do . 
  i think the uk is right to contribute finances towards un agencies and ngos close to syria , should take more refugees from camps close to syria and should consider whether military action is necessary , together with france and the us . 
  i do n't think the uk should change its policy in relation to to refugees making a journey across europe or those in calais . 
  i do n't think we should incentivize dangerous journeys , as that will increase deaths and give more money to people smugglers . 
  i also assume that the people most in need of help are those in refugee camps in turkey and lebanon . 
  in terms of this sub , i think it was correct for the moderators to experiment with the megathread ( we love experiments ) but it did not work . 
  obviously there will be a lot of threads relates to immigration and refugees and i do n't mind that in principle because it is interesting to discuss the political implications . 
  obviously , i do n't like reading xenophobic or racist posts , but there are enough other posts still . 
  ultimately a crisis is incredibly revealing . 
  just as the eurozone crisis showed something profound about europeans and who they wanted solidarity with and who not ( remember all the vitriol towards the greeks ) and the inability of european politicians and political structures to handle the crisis effectively ; perhaps we are seeing something similar here . 
  the difference in attitude between east and west is phenomenal . 
  is there really such a thing as shared european values ? 
  this crisis indicates there is n't and this has profound implications on whether it really makes sense for us to be in `` ever closer union '' together . 
  likewise , eu political structures and laws are being found wanting , yet again . 
  where would you go , though ? 
  is there anywhere better ? 
  i did n't say it was a perfect deal . 
  it is a better deal than the eu though . 
  i hope to leave the eu and not join the eea . 
  the norwegian people are very sensible . 
  they do n't want ever closer union with random countries across the eu . 
  also , their economy is not largely based on fishing . 
  they have a very sophisticated economy . 
  norwegians prefer eea to eu . 
  i agree with norwegians . 
  there is no way to stop the referendum now . 
  the government would collapse . 
  i want muh referendumb ... 
  also , walking round amsterdam is dangerous and every five seconds you need to avoid crashing into a tram or a bicycle or a canal . 
   do n't say evil , that just sounds bad . 
  say machiavellian , it 's more clever and classy that way . 
  [ perfidious is the expression traditionaly used to describe evil british people ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perfidious_albion ), 
   i 'm thinking of abandoning ship . 
  and going to where ? 
   the only reason we 're not united in one country is not because of culture , heritage , mentality or whatever , but simply of language , and that 's something we need to understand . 
  keep trying , but deep down you know that eesti continues to shittalk about you and lietuva to the nordics behind your backs ... 
   schengen could still collapse between all other eu countries though ... 
  i just do n't see any scenario where it would collapse at the french-german border . 
  this is partly because there is n't likely to be large numbers of illegal immigrants or asylum seekers crossing from germany into france . 
  if there were , the french might think differently . 
  the french have already a number of times closed the border with italy for example ... 
   this place was never pro refugee . 
  at most , there was a balance about three years ago . 
  now it 's gone full right wing . 
  i still think this is the best place around for high quality discussion about european political , economic and social developments from a range of views from relatively informed and thoughtful people , which is what i am here for . 
  okay , there is now a lot more garbage to sift through and that is regrettable . 
  but i do n't think it is the time to hold up the white flag . 
   she actually could destroy schengen by simply temporarily closing germany 's borders in protest of other countries not sharing the `` schengen burden '' . 
  that would mean that 25000 people/day would be stranded in neighboring countries trying to reach germany , which would automatically mean that these countries would de-facto automatically reestablish border controls too ( not out of policy , but out of simply not being able to cope with the immigration influx . 
  see calais as an example of what other schengen countries do n't want to see on their soil ) . 
  i suppose she could do that . 
  though from a legal perspective , it would be germany that would have breached its legal obligations . 
   however this will absolutely never ever ( mark my words ) happen , because of the sheer magnitude of the political shitstorm coming in the way of anyone in favor re-establishing border controls between france and germany . 
  my feeling is that schengen is not wildly popular in france ( compared to some other schengenzone countries ) . 
  obviously , marine is against it . 
  many of sarko 's pronouncements indicate that he is ambivalent about it . 
  and just a couple of days ago i read that even segolene is not convinced by it . 
  interesting times ... 
   ( but it 's a breath of fresh air to be able to have a normal conversation about it , contrary to some of the other threads i 've witnessed here . ), 
  thanks - i agree , some of the comments to be seen on this thread now are truly horrendous !, 
  but , i still think this is the most interesting place to discuss european politics generally and encounter a good spectrum of opinion , which is why i am still around here . 
   it 's a tricky play , i admit . 
  but the business interests of all schengen countries are already sweating buckets thinking what a different world it would be if all trucks would have to pass passport controls again at every border . 
  logistical nightmare which would set european internal trade back 25 years . 
  from a non-schengen country that is a massive consumer of eu goods , i wonder if this is somewhat overstated ? 
  also , i think german business interests would be just as harmed by the closure of schengen as the business interests of the poles , the hungarians and the czechs . 
  as a matter of eu law , i wonder if merkel is really able to dismantle schengen whatever the outcome of quotas is ? 
  if she is n't able to really punish the quota-refusniks , then she does n't have great cards to play ... , 
   i read it more politically-strategic . 
  i see it as merkel using this powerful threat so she can force a redistribution plan among other european member states . 
  schengen itself is not in danger , but is being used as political currency . 
  just my personal interpretation ... 
  i agree with your interpretation as to merkel 's intention . 
  however , this is a bit of a gamble by a politician who is generally cautious . 
  her bluff could get called ... 
  i had initally thought that massive contradictions and inconsistencies that make up the eurozone ( common currency between very different economies and insufficient fiscal transfer mechanisms ) were more extreme than the massive contradictions and inconsistencies that make up the schengenzone ( no internal borders , with no coherent idea of how external borders should be policed ) and that the former would collapse before the latter . 
  now i am starting to think that the schengenzone will collapse first . 
  the schengenzone does need to be sorted out , as does the eurozone . 
  uk should stay away from both . 
   the problem is no one is trying . 
  since 2012 , the uk has allocated gbp 900,000,000 to agencies and ngos helping syrians . 
  in my mind this is the best way to help . 
   a reasonable number of people everyone agrees that we accept a `` reasonable '' number of people . 
  nobody can agree what this means though . 
  it sounds like we broadly agree . 
   i imagine there 's a lot of issues with that .
