  i do n't see anyone here who supported leave wanting the uk to stay in the single market . 
  like me , they all want the uk to stay out of the single market . 
   due to the confusion ( i used the wrong term myself ) it leads to arguments with people discussing totally different things . 
  no worries . 
  in fact , this is one feature of the debate generally - lack of clarity of terms used . 
   which one ? 
  leaving the single market and leaving the customs union and leaving the common agricultural policy and leaving the common fisheries policy . 
  i have reported your comment which breaks the rules of the sub . 
  going into iraq was actually not popular . 
   the majority in favour of leaving are in the older age group , while the younger one supports being in the eu . 
  people change their mind as they get older . 
  the labour party are still waiting for that generation of labour voting pensioners . 
  but they never arrive . 
   not to mention that the situation the tories want is vastly inferior to the one enjoyed by the eea countries the tories ' brexit policy is very popular , which is one of the reasons why the tories are about to win an overwhelming mandate to take the uk out of the single market . 
  this will give the uk control of our own regulation . 
  you wrote `` brexit bunch who want free trade with none of the immigration , and remain bunch who have had to put up with a lot of anti-british sentiment on this sub since brexit . '', 
  you should have been clearer that anti-british sentiment is unacceptable whether directed at people who voted leave or remain . 
  wanting free trade without free movement of workers is of course possible . 
  the vast majority of free trade agreements in the world do not have free movement of workers . 
  i find this a bit unlikely . 
  i suspect that the british population will start to consolidate around a majority being in favour of remaining outside the eu , just like norway , iceland and switzerland . 
   thank you once again leave voters for fucking people over in ways you did n't expect . 
  i did expect this . 
  this was one of the reasons i voted leave . 
   i think there is an anti-british sentiment , and that saddens me , britain is still one of our greatest allies no matter what . 
  and the netherlands is still one of our greatest allies no matter what . 
   brexit bunch who want free trade with none of the immigration , and remain bunch who have had to put up with a lot of anti-british sentiment on this sub since brexit . 
  anti-british sentiment is not okay whether you voted leave or remain . 
  i also find the name a bit off-putting and am a bit surprised they have not re-branded ... 
  nobody has to work for uber . 
  yeah - i can ask uber drivers this too . 
  or ask the hotel . 
  or use the internet myself . 
  taxis in london do have to take the knowledge still . 
  that does not mean it is needed still . 
  the requirements for taxis have fallen behind technology . 
  that is why as a customer i prefer uber . 
  do n't work for \u00fcber then . 
  but some people do want to work for uber and let them . 
  what questions am i going to have for my driver ? 
  the only information he needs from me is my pick up point and destination and all that is done on the app . 
  i have to say that uber drivers in london have great chat though . 
   at what point do we get any of what we want ? 
  at the point that the voters get tired of the tories . 
  though we are just about to have an election in which the tories will win a landslide majority and labour are in total chaos . 
  so unless the opposition up their game , the tories are staying around . 
   we vote for representatives for a reason , it 's their job . 
  our representatives voted to give the pm power to trigger article 50 . 
   teresa may 's brexit plan is ignoring what the majority wanted . 
  in less than a month the country will get to vote on what kind of brexit we want . 
  theresa may 's plan will win a landslide . 
  suck it up , you lost . 
   not entirely true it was a selective electorate that excluded eu residents in the uk and all 16-17 year olds it also excluded three year olds . 
  it also excluded us residents in the uk . 
  guess what , we have a franchise for elections and we used it . 
  some people do not like democracy , which is a shame . 
   i have been given zero good reasons to stop resisting brexit and the utter shitshow that is theresa may 's government . 
  in a democracy you have to accept that sometimes you do not get what you want . 
  suck it up . 
   the drivers have to know every doctor , hospital , store , pharmacy etc in the local area by heart . 
  they used to have to know this . 
  now they have to be able to use the internet . 
  technology changed the skills required . 
  regulation is not of itself a good thing : it can be good or bad . 
  regulation is only good if it has good consequences . 
  if it deprives consumers and workers of things they want , it is not a good thing . 
  we have a very plural press in the uk , ft , times , guardian , telegraph , economist , spectator , independent , mirror , new statesman , sun etc etc. 
  no the losers are consumers ( who will not get services they want ) and workers ( who will not get jobs that they want ) . 
  we need to promote free markets , not inhibit them . 
  all press has an agenda . 
  that is why it is important to have a free press , so that each person is free to publish their won agenda . 
  all press is owned by someone . 
  there is no such thing as press without any owner . 
  murdoch did not try to create the impression he was neutral . 
  his papers had broad editorial independence . 
  in the uk we have a free press and newspapers are free to criticise government policy and people are free to vote against advice from the government . 
  that is one of the wonderful things about living in a liberal democracy . 
  you said `` all the rags owned by murdoch '' . 
  that includes the times . 
   you make the fake impression of being neutral while reality is that the times is a newspaper that 's read only by a few hundred thousands . 
  the times was not neutral . 
  it advocated remain . 
  i am simply pointing out the error in your earlier post . 
  you are welcome . 
  there need to be technical treaty changes to remove the uk from the treaty anyway . 
  hahaha - we probably crossed paths on one of those bridges !, 
  hope you enjoyed !, 
  hahaha - i do n't think so !, 
  they get to vote on the `` how '' in less than a month . 
  you can also stand for parliament yourself , create a new party , vote for the liberal democrats or greens etc. 
  you live in a democracy . 
  deal with it . 
   an outcome that was manipulated by fear - and hatemongering through lies and fakes on social media and all the rags owned by rupert murdoch . 
  i am afraid you are simply faking yourself . 
  murdoch 's times advocated `` remain '' . 
   repeating total bullshit enough times in the hope that it will work ( it did for brexit , it did for trump ) is the domain of the leave morons . 
  please try and debate without resorting to insults . 
  you are breaching the rules of this sub . 
  we are about to have an election in which brexit is a significant issue . 
  the overwhelming majority of voters will vote for parties committed to the uk leaving the eu .
