  at this stage it is probably worth you reading [ exactly what cameron has said about sanctions on russia in light of flight mh17 ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201415/cmhansrd/cm140721/debtext/140721-0001.htm#14072114000002 ) and explaining where the bitching and whining is . 
   yeah sure , a business oriented london based think thank report . 
  and the report does not mention once the uk specifically , so all it has is that ridiculous chart on which you base on your assumption ? 
  [ there are any number ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/10710268/eu-leaders-divided-over-new-sanctions-to-punish-russia-for-annexing-crimea.html ) of mainstream [ press reports ] ( http://euobserver.com/foreign/123536 ) over the last several months in which [ the uk has called for greater sanctions ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/strong-eu-economic-sanctions-against-russia-unlikely-a-968913.html ) . 
  do n't pretend this is about euscepticism . 
  and do n't pretend that cameron is using a tragedy to further political ends . 
   he is abusing the catastrophe for political points with his domestic eurosceptic crowd . 
  london was on the same page as paris and berlin when it came to sanctions on russia . 
  now pretending that they were calling for a more radical course all this time is a political lie . 
  cameron 's sanctions message is not addressed to british eusceptics . 
  ( british eusceptics are n't different from the rest of the british population in relation to russian sanctions : i do n't therefore think it really makes sense to pretend that cameron 's commons statement on sanctions has anything to do with euscepticism . ), 
  london has not really been on completely the same page as paris and berlin in relation to sanctions , [ with london having been on the more hawkish-side for a while ] ( http://www.openeurope.org.uk/article/page/en/live?id=19876 ) and becoming increasingly hawkish . 
   blaming france and germany is camerons favorite past time hobby . 
  there have been many reports in the near past that stressed that italy is actually the country blocking harder sanctions right now , not france or germany . 
  [ you can read cameron 's statement here . 
  ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201415/cmhansrd/cm140721/debtext/140721-0001.htm#14072114000002 ) cameron in his intitial statement did not mention france or germany , as you can see , so i think the headline blaming france and germany is a bit misleading . 
  he then mentions france ( in response to a specific question about the mistral ) . 
   `` but mr cameron said `` for too long '' there had been reluctance on the part of `` too many european countries '' to face up to `` implications of what is happening in eastern ukraine '' . '', 
  what a disgusting person . 
  in what way is this disgusting ? 
   there 's a whole undercurrent of anti-zionism in france ( maybe other countries too ? ), 
  that lapses into anti-semitism pretty quick . 
  they 're anti-zionist because they see israel behave like a rogue state , with the support of the us ( which is enough of an indictment for a lot of french people , because remember us = baaaaaaaaaaad ) and little support for palestine . 
  they come from all political walks of life - including the left . 
  while this tendency for strong anti-zionism to lapse into anti-semitism does exist in other countrues too ( including my own ) , in my experience it is a particularly prevalent thing in france . 
  i had a conversation about anti-semitism with a jewish colleague yesterday . 
  she asked me what , in my view , was the motivating factor behind european anti-semitism during the ages . 
  i struggled a bit to answer this as it really is something i have never properly understood , but my answer was `` jealousy '' . 
  i find the hatred of israel , and the way that hatred can frequently end up implicating jews generally , very frightening . 
  i heard this man speak on the bbc this evening . 
  it was really heart-breaking when he said that his life was ruined . 
  it always feels bad to listen to this kind of story - as if i am intruding into someone 's private and personal grief - however , this man also , with his anger , does seem to want to make a public statement . 
  ukip 's policy is that everyone who has come to the uk legally will be allowed to stay . 
  they plan to change immigration legislation prospectively . 
  you really need to stop talking about the british empire . 
  it is somewhat offensive to british people to imply that we think we still have an empire . 
  we really do n't think that . 
  i am sure you do n't want to deliberately offend british people ? 
   you blame the eu on problems it does n't create . 
  please re-read my post . 
  i did not `` blame the eu '' . 
  i made an argument that the uk is not the reason that the eu does not have a coherent foreign policy . 
  this is not the same thing . 
  the parent redditor made an argument that the uk is a reason that the eu has no foreign policy . 
  my response to that argument is that the uk is not a reason , because even without the uk the eu would be no closer to having a foreign policy . 
  your point has no bearing on my response and is therefore whataboutism . 
  yes , it does seem from the reports of other newspapers in the uk that this was something discussed in the cameron/putin call of yesterday evening . 
  this is whataboutism , i 'm afraid . 
  the discussion is about whether the uk is one of the reasons the eu has no foreign policy . 
  [ yougov is n't the only pollster though so i 'm not sure why it is the only one you mention . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_referendum_on_united_kingdom_membership_of_the_european_union ), 
  really , even without the uk the rest of the eu would struggle to put together a coherent foreign policy as the current crisis with russia shows . 
  he is simply setting out the mainstream view within the conservative party and arguably the mainstream view within the uk as a whole . 
  this is just a terribly terribly ugly side of humanity . 
  why does this make it more egregious ? 
  actually , the creation of the echr had everything to do with historical circumstances . 
  also , the uk , outside the echr , will still have human rights , like many other countries in the world that are n't in europe . 
  also , please do n't call people idiots if you do n't agree with them . 
  thinking about normal people and their families is not pro-putinism . 
  i agree with your posts . 
  as someone who lives in western europe with a strong military ( and is thus not directly threatened like you ) it sickens me somewhat to see so much pro-putinism around . 
  western europe needs to be realistic about russia and put in place serious sanctions . 
  i am sympathetic to france here , because france is one of the few european counties that is really serious about european defence and security and has a serious military . 
  this is expensive for the french taxpayer . 
  i do n't think it is acceptable for france to sell this to russia anymore though . 
  those european countries that do n't pay for european security ( basically all those not meeting their nato targets ) should pay for this . 
  it is n't really fair to freeload off the french , british and american taxpayers . 
   do you all think that the eu would be able to agree on sanctions on russia after the loss of all those on board flight mh17 ? 
  i hope so . 
  i fear that they wo n't be sufficiently strong . 
   would europe be able to ration what i would guess would be the most precious resource , gas , and as europeans , would you be ready and willing to give it up ? 
  i do n't think the eu will sanction gas : this really impacts different bits of the eu in very different ways and i am not confident that a political agreement will be reached on this . 
  however , ideally this crisis will force a radical re-think in europe 's approach to energy as soon as possible . 
  the eu has long been unrealistic about energy . 
  the uk for instance is still very opposed to fracking . 
  it turns out that the uk got lucky with shale gas : surely it makes sense for this resource to be exploited as soon as possible , reducing european dependency on russia ? 
   when people do n't know enough or do n't vote enough what happens is that it 's imperative to look into ways to change that . 
  this is where we fundamentally differ . 
  we both agree that the people do n't know enough or do n't vote enough . 
  however , your view is that the system is n't at fault , but that somehow the people at fault , or something else is at fault . 
  i think the people were n't at fault , but the system was . 
   what you do n't do is claim , well people we 're in it enough for this to be considered an election according to my own personal standards so i 'll just pretend it was n't an election . 
  we would n't do anything else but put up with retards claiming it did n't count for every god damn election . 
  no one gives a fuck whether you personally consider them to be elected or not . 
  i have n't said it was n't an election . 
  it obviously was . 
  i 've said that it ca n't really be said that the people were electing juncker . 
   yes even russia . 
  and lots of countries that are n't russia . 
  my point is that the fact that russia ( a country with poor respects for human rights ) is a signatory , means that being a member is not of itself indicative of good human rights . 
  the fact that canada ( a country with good respects for human rights ) is not a signatory , means that not being a member is not indicative of poor human rights . 
  thus the uk pulling out does not , of itself , enable any conclusions . 
  it really depends on what the uk puts in place instead . 
  given the uk 's tradition of respect of liberties of the individual and that fact that it is a mature and stable parliamentary democracy , gives me confidence in the ability of the uk to put in place a good regime . 
   the eu is not a factory in outer space that produces free ponies for everyone . 
  i am part of the eu and so are hundreds of millions other people !, 
  how can the uk unilaterally decide how i have to deal with them ? 
  what kind of idea of democracy or sovereignty is that ? 
  this is n't unilateral . 
  cameron is proposing a renegotiation .
