  if we take the view that we should not pay less because of corruption then it necessarily follows that we should consider whether to pay more because of corruption too . 
  my own view is that we could pay meps substantially less without increasing corruption . 
  perhaps this is unfounded , but it is just as unfounded as people who think that if we paid them less corruption would increase . 
  i find it odd that you would criticise me for my unsubstantiated view , but not the unsubstantiated views of others in the same thread . 
  also , i did n't introduce a new element to the debate . 
  the redditor i was responding to introduced a new element , that another reason we should pay meps a high amount is to attract talented individuals . 
  this is a fair point to make and my new point was made to that new point . 
  also , i do n't think you understood my point . 
  i do n't think there is anything wrong with the profit motive in the private sector as there people are obviously along a profit . 
  but there are a whole different set of considerations to make when people are in the public sector as they are not making a profit . 
  under international law , ruk will be the successor state and thus keep the rights and obligations under public international law of uk . 
  differently iscotland will be a new state under international law . 
  the difference is that lawyers are for the most part paid by people that choose to purchase legal services , whereas politicians are paid by the taxpayer . 
  also , most people involved in law in the private sector are only indirectly involved with justice and not really closer to justice than other professionals , like accountants , engineers or scientists . 
  i am thinking about stopping posting on this sub to be honest . 
  eusceptics are not really welcome in r/europe . 
  any studies to show that the current salary is the sweetspot for corruption ? 
  i am an eusceptic so i get lots of downvotes . 
  i prefer for people in politics to be primarily motivated by public service rather than money and i also prefer for elected representatives not to earning dramatically more than most of their electorate . 
  perhaps those people you know in the private sector are already making a valuable contribution to society , just by virtue of being highly trained professionals in the private sector ? 
  i think the argument about diminishing returns and lack of funds already applies to the amount we pay them . 
  in that case , in an effort to reduce corruption , why do n't we quadruple the pay of all public officials ? 
  why would reducing the cost of the ep cause a rise in corruption ? 
  you were downvoted because you have the usa flag . 
  change your flag to the eu flag for upvotes . 
  i think he is n't being accused of any crimes subject to the death penalty . 
  this is exactly what i thought . 
  the conservative party love to troll ... 
  this is the endgame for some people , but not others . 
  i think everyone in the uk has heard of our pm and is aware of him at the time they vote . 
  thus , somewhat different . 
  is juncker really the `` guy of the majority '' though ? 
  sure , you and i know who he is as we follow eu politics closely . 
  but the vast majority of the eu electorate do not know who he is . 
  most of the eu electorate were not voting to pick a guy to be eu president . 
  they were voting for some other local reason . 
  i 'm thus not sure if juncker really can be accountable in a real sense , but only in a technical sense . 
  no , there are n't any grounds in current uk legislation that would enable the uk to get out of our extradition treaty with the usa in relation to snowden . 
  a lot of eusceptics in the uk want schulz because they believe that public opinion in the uk will move further alway from the eu as schulz is not a very likeable person and his federalism is very obvious . 
  no , really . 
  you will be able to get the europe you want once the uk leaves the eu . 
  your interests and those of ukip are aligned . 
  yes , it will be much better for the uk and the eu to part company . 
  hopefully you will join ukip 's campaign for the uk to leave the eu . 
  not a silly question . 
  australia uses a common law system which is very similar to the laws of england . 
  thus , in an area like finance all the main concepts are similar which is why we like to hire lawyers from australia , new zealand , ireland or canada . 
  plus , the language is the same ( which is very important for law ) . 
  really , one unified economic policy does not work for very different economies . 
  i have no idea what you mean by `` being swept along with the current '' . 
  the time for the council to make their proposals is after the elections , because they are mandated by the treaty of the eu to consider the results of the elections . 
  when brits use the word reform for the eu , glorified free trade zone is what we tend to mean . 
  it comes as a bit of a surprise to me that some people want a unified economic policy etc. 
  the is no eu wide legislation that is as detailed or extensive as the usa 's fcpa . 
  in the uk the bribery act is somewhat similar and extends extra-territorially , like the fcpa . 
  you 're right , but she is still probably a better option than juncker for cameron . 
  eusceptics in the uk wanted schulz as that would have forced the issue . 
  politics matters a lot to cameron . 
  he wants a commission president who is not a federalist and is amenable to a uk renegotiation . 
  this is obviously very political . 
  yes , that 's why the article was completely insane . 
   is n't that the ideal plan anyway it is n't really ideal . 
  borrowing money gives nations an alternative flexible source of capital , in much the same way as it gives corporates an alternative source of capital or individual households . 
  revenues from taxation are not always predictable and similarly the outgoings of a nation are not can vary and borrowing is a way of hedging against those uncertainties . 
  it also makes economic sense for a nation to borrow money and invest it to ensure that economic growth comes sooner than it otherwise would if it were instead simply relying on revenues from taxation . 
   who would want to buy bonds that might just be ignored down the road ? 
  the author is proposing that governments should stop financing themselves via the `` financial markets '' and instead finance itself via households and banks , presumably through taxation . 
  none of this was clear though ... 
  this is why i love guardian 's komment is free . 
  it is living in a completely different world from the rest of humanity . 
  but everyone who speaks cornish still also speak english . . 
  really ? 
  like where ? 
  i 've been all round north wales and areas where welsh is a first language , but never met anyone who does n't speak enlgish . 
  [ i note the official website of wales that says everyone there speaks english ] ( http://www.wales.com/en/content/cms/english/about_wales/language/language.aspx ) . 
   welsh , gaelic and immigration . 
  there are zero native welsh or gaelic speakers in the uk that can not hold a conversation in english . 
  this was interesting , though very unsurprising too ... 
  it would also be interesting to see press coverage elsewhere in europe . 
  is the funding the same for european political groups as it is for european political parties ? 
  efd is not a european political party . 
  the treaty says :  `` taking into account the elections to the european parliament and after having held the appropriate consultations ... '' it might be the case that some countries have similar constitutional provisions which are interpreted in a particular way , but that does n't , of itself , mean that we should interpret the treaty of the european union in the same way . 
  the council should , in addition to taking account of debates and parties affiliated to the epp having the most meps , also take into account the fact that the majority of voters when voting were voting in relation to local issues and had no idea who juncker is and also of the significantly increased eusceptic vote . 
   presenting the ep with an outside candidate when the winner of the election has the support of three quarters of the ep . 
  we do n't yet know how much support juncker has in the european parliament because they have n't yet voted on him or any other candidate . 
  for example , the expectation in the uk is that the labour party meps will vote against juncker . 
  perhaps the european parliament might vote against an external candidate , like helle thorning-schidt , perhaps they might vote for her . 
  either way , due process should be observed . 
   because , if the ep decides who becomes the eu 's head of government , that 's half way to a federation and cameron ca n't have that . 
  because , under article 17 ( 7 ) of the treaty of european union , both the council and the parliament have a role in deciding who the commmission president is . 
  if you want the treaty of european union to say something different , then it should be changed . 
  for the present , cameron is correct to adhere to the rights of the council under the teu . 
  law to start with . 
  we 're hiring from australia at the moment . 
  actually , there is no reason why the uk can not continue to provide more jobs and stay with low unemployment . 
  some jobs will be lost due to technological advancement , but new jobs will appear instead . 
  this has been happening constantly since the industrial revolution began in 1760s . 
  people during the industrial revolution believed that the new technology would mean that jobs would be lost . 
  they were wrong because new jobs appeared . 
  some of these jobs are well-paid and highly skilled but there is a shortage of people with the right skills .
