   and no , i 'm no fan of cultural spending - i 've seen my share of hideous roundabout based art installations - but it beats putting in place arbitrary quotas , cause a few petty countries think it 's a good way of getting some of those hollywood dollars . 
  ( it 's not . ), 
  i guess i agree that subsidies are slightly better than quotas , but i would much rather the state got out of deciding what kind of films netflix can show altogether . 
  also , curious to see what kind of content eu netflix will show after brexit !, 
   many thought that multiculturalism should be allowed and assimilation should n't be forced upon immigrants uk and france both had high levels of immigration from cultures that were very different from their own cultures . 
  uk and france took opposite approaches to dealing with it . 
  uk took a traditional british approach of `` multiculturalism '' ( think of the common law , an english garden , the chaos of shakespeare , the uk 's unwritten constitution , british views on netflix content ) , while france took a traditional french approach of `` assimilation '' ( think of the civil law , a french garden , the clear division between moliere and racine , the french written constitution , french views on netflix content ) . 
  at this point we can say that both the french approach and the british approach failed to some extent . 
  we both ended up with the same outcome - people living in our countries - who were born here but who live parallel lives - people who hate us and western culture generally ( for despite british and french cultures being different , we also share many things ) and want to kill us . 
  given the different french and british approaches to this it is difficult to know what either could have done differently to make this work . 
  and more depressingly , what we can now do to solve this problem that we both ended up with . 
  i will probably be back in zagreb this summer , 
   what part of voluntary agreement do you not understand ? 
  we can ignore it if we want but then we lose the benefits of free trade in the single market . 
  inside the eu we can not ignore this rule because eu law has primacy over uk law . 
  the only way we ignore this rule is by leaving the eu . 
  this is one of the reasons why we are leaving the eu . 
  it is only by leaving the eu that we can change laws like this . 
   we can unilaterally lower our trade barriers but the rest of the world is far more protectionist than being in the single market and we should unilaterally lower our trade barriers . 
  for example , outside the eu we should remove protectionist eu policiies , like netflix content , tariffs on agriculture etc. 
  however , a lot of the world is not as protectionist as the eu single market . 
  the eu 's single market is very protectionist , hence crazy laws like content on netflix . 
   when the eu does it it 's protectionism now ? 
  the eu law on content for netflix is protectionist . 
  it seeks to protect inefficient eu business over efficient business from the rest of the world . 
  this is bad for consumers . 
   we 're not in any other single markets either . 
  no other trading system in the world creates an entirely new body of law which has primacy and direct effect on the relevant countries . 
  only the eu does this . 
   yes there is it 's a trade agreement . 
  a trade agreement it is not the same as an entirely new body of law which has primacy of your own laws . 
   australia and new zealand are not sovereign to re-introduce tarrifs or limit market freedoms without violating the law of the agreement . 
  primacy of eu law is much more extreme than this . 
  for example , the uk is forced to comply with eu law relating to netflix content . 
  in the eu we have no ability whatsoever to ignore this law . 
  the eu law is supreme , whatever our own parliament says . 
   you 're simueltaneously arguing for more trade liberalisation while also arguing against the nature and the practice of the agreements and compromises that make them possible and sustainable long-term . 
  eu law is protectionist - see the netflix thread . 
  by leaving the eu we can have much more trade liberalisation . 
  inside the eu we are forced to adopt the eu 's protectionism . 
   if australia wants to ban new zealand dollars being used tommorow australia and new zealand both allow capital to move freely between their countries , hence freedom . 
   you can say primacy of `` insert name '' law about any single agreement that countries come to , hell fuck it you can talk no you ca n't . 
  no other legal system has primacy over uk law in the way that eu law does . 
   hence why australia and new zealand also have `` primacy of cer law '' while they remain signatories to their trade deal . 
  no they do n't . 
  there is no such thing as cer law . 
  i want free trade . 
  if the eu 's position is that it will not trade freely with countries outside the eu , then the eu is being unreasonable . 
  no , the uk would become more competitive if we removed protectionist policies . 
  that is the great thing about free trade , it works even unilaterally . 
   how can i cite something that does n't exist ? 
  you made a claim that capital can not freely move between australia and new zealand . 
   either the uk has sovereignty in which case uk law is supreme and we stayed in the eu because it was beneficial or the eu has sovereignty and the uk could not leave . 
  [ i am talking about the primacy of eu law . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primacy_of_european_union_law ) it is clear from your post that you are not familiar with what this concept means . 
  now that we are leaving the eu , eu law will no longer have primacy . 
   the fact that we have politicians doing the weirdest piece of mental and political gymnastics i 've ever seen shows how problematic the issue has become . 
  this was us five years ago in relation to the eu . 
  mental and political gymnastics only last so long in liberal democracies like uk and norway . 
  eventually the voters call politicians out on their bullshit , 
   nor to create some unfair advantages to uk that might take businesses away from us . 
  uk does not want unfair advantages . 
  it wants free trade and the removal of unfair advantages . 
   there is not freedom of movement of capital , citation needed . 
   eus laws have primacy only by agreement that it is mutually and individually beneficial for the countries to abide by them because they allow much deeper integration and liberalisation . 
  eu law having primacy over uk law does not benefit the uk which is exactly why we are leaving . 
  i have not suggested that they should be used as a bargaining tool . 
  i am pointing out that not everyone thinks that there should be quotas for women in parliaments . 
  i managed to vote for a woman already for our general election without quotas . 
   and i see no reason why , if this is imposed , trump and other foreign players , including the uk , should n't similarly strike back against eu companies . 
  uk should not strike back . 
  protectionism makes no sense . 
  just because they are protectionist does not mean we also have to be . 
  that is fantastic then , 
   can we put our interests behind yours ? 
  free trade benefits everyone . 
   it 's clear we want a solution that benefits eu the most . 
  free trade with us does benefit you too though . 
   i just linked you what the current agreement is . 
  it is way behind the single market in terms of integration of markets and harmonisation . 
  their markets are not less integrated that the eu markets . 
   does it actually have primacy ? 
  yes . 
  i am surprised you do not know this . 
   i guess people are more ready to defend women quotas in politic no , i am not ready to defend women quotas in politics either . 
  let the voters decide . 
  we already managed to vote for thatcher decades ago without quotas . 
  and we are just about to vote for may . 
   just look at how everyone wants to `` punish '' the uk for leaving . 
  the way that eusceptic opinions on this sub get so downvoted tells you everything you need to know ... 
   contrary to the anglo-saxon who never try to push their culture in other 's people throat . 
  people seem to want to buy our culture . 
  we do n't need to push it when you are pulling it . 
   was one of the major reasons that i 'd hoped that the uk would remain , because i think that economic liberalism is advantageous , this was why i voted leave . 
  we can be economically liberal outside the eu . 
  in the eu we get outvoted on this . 
   man , i ca n't think of any movies that i recognize as being greek , though . 
  my big fat greek wedding ? 
  belgians are just excited that it is your turn not be quick in forming a government , 
   quotas enforce a certain quantity , not quality .
