  the eurozone - a mechanism which puts totally different economies in the same currency and makes fiscal transfers illegal - does it for us . 
  all we need to do is watch . 
   i get why italians , and other southern europeans are angry . 
  me too . 
  in fact , the surprising thing is almost why italians did not get angry sooner . 
  we 'll have to see if he still keeps it up after the referendum . 
  my understanding is that renzi is angry because italians are ( justifiably in my opinion ) angry . 
  i do n't think italians will stop being angry after the referendum and i therefore do n't see how renzi can afford to stop being angry . 
  he will continue to be at the mercy of the italian electorate . 
   which london wo n't be , as you 've stripped of it access to the eu and the single market for no reason . 
  a city that is utterly reliant upon international finance with no access to both it 's largest trading partner and the second biggest economy in the world is not a city where that industry has a future . 
  if singapore can be successful in international finance without being part of the single market , then the uk can . 
  also , the uk will still have access to the single market . 
  i think you are confusing `` access '' with `` being part of '' . 
  every country in the world has some access to the single market . 
  he was useful for brexiteers . 
  without him there is a chance that we would have voted to stay in the eu . 
  i guess we can be grateful to him . 
  it would be a big mistake for the uk to seek single market membership . 
  for the uk to succeed in a globalised world it needs to be able to regulate itself quickly and efficiently . 
  wow , when they start arguing in dutch you know that shit just got real . 
   and based on convenience and access to markets which you stripped away from them for no reason . 
  which is why cities are lining up to present themselves as alternatives . 
  no , there is no city in the eu that can really challenge london in terms of international finance . 
  it is great that they are trying and competition is always welcome , but the thing about international finance is that you have to be open . 
  if the eu tries to close itself off to international finance ( preventing capital flowing freely outside the eu ) than it will fail . 
  the uk is not cutting itself off from international finance . 
   which is dependant upon convenience and access to large markets which you stripped from them for no reason . 
  international finance is global . 
  international financial deals are done in london . 
  the eu is not going to want eu companies not to be able to access a global financial centre . 
  there is no global financial centre in the rest of the eu . 
  this reminds me of when the serbian and croatian governments were talking about eagles and fleas last year during the migration crisis . 
   yes . 
  there 's nothing in europe that even comes close to london as a financial powerhouse . 
  only new york , tokyo , singapore and hong kong compete . 
  generally i agree , but i think you are overstating tokyo . 
  tokyo as a financial centre is primarily domestic , serving japan , rather than international . 
  as such it is more akin to a frankfurt or a milan than a singapore or a london . 
   our markets our small . 
  not really . 
  we are the fifth largest economy in the world and in terms of international finance our market is larger than the rest of the eu put together . 
   and , of course , you 're speaking with zero authority . 
  i work in international finance . 
  herzegovina is the true bosnia . 
   you are aware that the reverse is the actual concern . 
  not really . 
  the uk will continue to be open to global business , allowing everyone in the globe to access our markets and consumers . 
  this will continue after brexit because the eu does not want to cut itself off global capitalism . 
  any citation on there being 2m people from uk living in the eu who have been there more than 15 years ? 
  i agree that the circumstances for the polling companies were unusual and difficult . 
  however , some polling companies did better than others , depending on sampling and methodology . 
  some polling companies clearly made mistakes which they should correct . 
  while the polls were n't the disaster that they were for the general election in 2015 , there are still some lessons for the polling industry . 
  the final populus poll gave a ten point lead to remain and was thus well outside the margin of error . 
  this was also the official polling company for britain stronger in europe - it was this poll which explains nicky morgan on the beeb being all smiles at 10pm on referendum night . 
  the final poll by comres was also way outside the margin of error and interestingly comres did not - in any of their polls in 2016 - have leave ahead . 
  more generally , the fact that the telephone polls and the online polls showed very different results throughout is something that the polling industry must address in its methodology . 
  one assumption made by the polling companies was that turn-out would be similar to the general election turnout . 
  it seems that of the people who voted in the referendum but did not vote in the general , almost all of them went for leave , a factor that no polling company really got right . 
  kudos to survation and tns for being the closest . 
  i also believe they shame some consonant pronunciations like the `` ch '' for church , cheese , children etc that dutch and german do not share . 
  i wish we had that horse thief saying in english . 
  it is actually quite hard to think of how we would translate that saying into english - i ca n't off the top of my head think of an equivalent ... 
  i love it when sometimes fries looks even closer to english than it looks to dutch ... 
  no , ending a sentence with you 're is not acceptable !, 
  beautiful sunshine here in the city of london still !, 
  makes me wish i was outside in it instead of stuck in my office :( the rain clouds are coming by the weekend :(, 
   they 're just more directly affected by homophobia , which makes it stupid to support homophobic parties . 
  i think there is scant evidence that ukip are homophobic to be honest . 
  i also do n't believe that gays or straight people should think differently about bigotry . 
  bigotry is bigotry whether or not you are impacted by it . 
  hahaha !, 
  the participating member states are not going to go it alone for the same reason that the uk and ireland refused to participate . 
  all this tax does is move transactions off-shore . 
   oh for christ sake , it 's ukip we 're talking about . 
  gay people can support ukip just as straight people can . 
  it is nonsense to think of gay people as being different from straight people . 
   the british have always been very stand-offish and do n't participate a lot . 
  they probably just notice your constant anglophobia and decide not to bother talking to you . 
   i would write the same thing about a gay in a conservative party ... eh ? 
  this is bullshit . 
  gays can be conservative or not conservative , same as everyone else . 
  identity politics is plain unhelpful . 
   yah im gon na say we side with the uk on that one , we hold the special relationship in very high regard as does the rest of the anglosphere . 
  agreed on this . 
  hopefully questions of `` sides '' are overstated and the uk can maintain strong alliances with strategic partners around the globe . 
  however , our defence , military and intelligence partnership with the anglosphere is more important than with the eu . 
   germany and the uk operated similar fiscal policies in their approach to the eu and it 's budget . 
  [ in the last round of negotiations , the uk and germany did not really have the same position . 
  germany was much more mild than the uk , initially accepting that the budget must increase . 
  the uk 's only allies were netherlands , sweden and denmark . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d8c9e08-4ba0-11e3-a02f-00144feabdc0.html#axzz4k2ft61co ) without the uk , i think germany is going to be forced to start being a more obvious hawk in budget negotiations , a role that it is not going to enjoy . 
   it 's entirely possible that the payers continue to pay as-is , but the receivers receive less . 
  in the last round of eu budget negotiations , the uk was a major `` hawk '' , after our parliament voted that there should be no increase in our contribution , forcing cameron to threaten the veto . 
  uk managed to get netherlands , sweden and denmark to agree with its position . 
  france lead a group of countries hoping for an increase in the budget and in the end it came down to germany and merkel , who managed to broker a deal in which there was a trivial reduction . 
  without the uk as part of the equation , there will be a different type of power dynamic , but it is hard to see the hawks winning the day . 
  interesting times . 
   and no , the mindset wo n't go away just because you leave .
