  if britain votes to stay , i think there will be a little less change , as britain will still likely hold up any more loss of sovereignty . 
  the most likely scenario is no referendum though . 
  i am a right-wing populist , so am cool with having more power . 
  for me there is no downside . 
  haha !, 
  i think if the scots vote for independence we may have to stop them using the english language , just as we plan to stop them using the english pound . 
  we should be able to find out if it is desirable . 
  we should vote on it . 
  haha !, 
  if scotland gets weather that good i will move there . 
  what about the brits ? 
  are they germanic ? 
  or non-germanic ? 
  i do n't like to use the singular they as i find it very inelegant and ungrammatical . 
  no , just a pronoun chosen at random . 
  the neo-liberal could be any gender or a transgendered person . 
  i see more euphiles than eusceptics on here . 
  i do n't downvote the euphiles posts unless they are particularly poorly argued or offensive . 
  quite often i will upvoted an euphile 's post . 
  they are slowly gaining currency in the uk too . 
  this is why this is such a fascinating time in history . 
  europe is truly in transition and it is impossible to predict where this will end up . 
  it seems like europe will continue to want economic union without political union and accept regular crises . 
  i think sooner or later the election results will start to call the project into question . 
  ireland is not that fucked up anymore . 
  ireland is kinda anomalous . 
  yes - i was probably being a bit lazy with language and perhaps neo-nazi is not quite right for this group . 
  however , there is quite a difference between the policy of this party , which i understand would seek to deprive certain ethnicities of citizenship , and the us policy , which only applies to immigrants . 
  after all - all countries tend to have immigration policies which somewhat relate to ethnicity . 
  yes - it is . 
  when a neo-liberal says reform , she will usually mean deregulate . 
  there was an article in the economist a while ago that had france needing a thatcher like reformer as its premise . 
  i think the french state needs to be rather radically reduced in size for france to remain competitive . 
  there is a risk that france is already back in recession . 
  it 's a shame we ca n't vote on it at the end . 
  they have , i understand , a desire for citizenship to be based on ethnicity . 
  that sounds neo-nazi to me . 
  if they vote for independence it is game over . 
  there is no way back . 
  the english would demand a referendum . 
  and the flag . 
  wo n't somebody think of the flag ? 
  france basically needs thatcher . 
  yes , the eu could focus on reducing unemployment ( more liberal labour laws , cutting red tape , reducing taxes and so forth ) . 
  that would be a lot more useful . 
  i wish more parties did this . 
  belgium : invented by the british with te sole purpose of annoying the french , 
  of course nobody in europe really supports the parliament being in two places . 
  but i think some of the europhiles on this sub just downvote any comment made by an eusceptic , regardless of what that comment says . 
  essex jokes were common when i was growing up in bucks in the 90s . 
  i do n't hear them much now . 
  yeah - english guy here who knows a lot about scotland . 
  can confirm that they are very cheap . 
  ;-) `` the scots keep the sabbath and everything else they can lay their hands on ... '', 
  we also have essex jokes !, 
  and there are some northern england v southern england jokes, 
  an english man , irishman and a scottishman are sitting in a pub full of people . 
  the englishman says , `` the pubs in england are the best . 
  you can buy one drink and get a second one free '' . 
  everyone in the pub agreed and gave a big cheer . 
  the scottishman says , '' . . yeah . 
  that 's quite good but in scotland you can buy one drink and get another 2 for free . '', 
  again , the crowd in the pub gave a big cheer . 
  the irish man says `` your two pubs are good , but they are not as good as the ones in ireland . 
  in ireland you can buy one pint , get another 3 for free and then get taken into the backroom for a shag '' the english says `` wow !, 
  did that happen to you ? '', 
  and the irishman replies `` no , but it happened to my sister . '', 
  that 's it : i am moving to denmark tomorrow !, 
  my love for denmark only increases !, 
  i do n't think he is arrogant or insulting . 
  i think his comments are interesting and give me a good idea of what is happening in denmark . 
  we can give you a lesson in rioting ;-(, 
  ireland is very different from the rest of the so called piigs . 
  it 's economy is actually very strong and resilient . 
  it has a very educated workforce and has a great services sector . 
  ireland also has the right exchange rate so can export fairly easily , even to britain . 
  i am taking them very seriously . 
  i think this time they will be taken more seriously than ever before in europe . 
  i seem to be upvoted now . 
  it is hard to understand the down vote culture of this sub . 
  maybe the people who down voted me did n't know what bnp were , but voted me down because i am an eusceptic ?!, 
  or maybe they were bnp supporters ? 
  i 've actually not seen any comments on this thread from a british flag that look like that person might vote bnp . 
  `` ever closer union '' , within a preamble to a treaty has no legal meaning or necessary legal consequence . 
  but essentially you 're right . 
  the uk , should not have left efta it it did n't want to go where the eu was going . 
  the british people in the end have their own government to blame . 
  france and britain have dominated europe for hundreds of years . 
  and this has given us a certain respect and mutual admiration . 
  we are best frenemies !, 
  we able to love and hate each other . 
  we just do n't feel the same way about the germans - they are not really our equal : they are more powerful but less grand . 
  the world wars were tough for britain and france , having to be allies !, 
  both france and britain will be glad when things go back to normal . 
  the situation will get a lot worse before policy changes . 
  the only thing that the politicians will listen to is votes . 
  we do n't need the european parliament . 
  we already have national parliaments . 
  deception by whom ? 
  government could recognise french de facto as well .
