  the special relationship has some value to the uk . 
  it also has some value to the usa . 
  i do n't think the uk leaving the eu jeopardises the special relationship , though the usa might try and use that as an argument to keep us in the eu . 
  if the special relationship were dependent on uk 's eu membership it means it is n't that special and can be dropped ... 
  nick clegg and the lib dems tried to be loud about it in the eu elections , organising debates and so forth with nigel farage . 
  that did not result in a successful electoral outcome for the lib dems . 
  being seen as strongly pro-eu is now seen as electorally disadvantageous . 
   also he was wary of us domination and did n't want the uk in as he ( rightfully ) considered it america 's pet . 
  this is why in upcoming brexit battle , the usanians will be among those shouting the loudest for the uk to stay in the eu , while the frenchies will be somewhat silent . 
  having the uk in the eu is obviously in the usa 's interests . 
  this is n't something that brits should really take into consideration . 
   what i mean is that a lot of british people do n't seem to see the uk as being part of europe - where they see the term `` europe '' to only refer to the mainland - and do n't consider themselves to be european , but rather see the uk as being outsiders when it comes to the eu . 
  this is correct . 
  in the english language , the word europe has long been used as a way of differentiating britain from the continent . 
  separation from the continent has been a crucial part of british identity for centuries and language obviously reflects that . 
   but for many people who voted in the euro-skeptic parties , the reasons are not the same . 
  they do n't consider the consequences of leaving the eu . 
  they are deciding based on ideology . 
  they say `` why should foreigners tell us what to do ? '' . 
  i voted for ukip in the eu elections . 
  i would n't describe this as `` why should foreigners tell us what to do '' , but instead describe this as `` our differences and lack of shared political and cultural identity will not result in good common governance '' . 
   i think what he means is a dislike/distrust of continental europe - something that , in my experience , does exist in the uk . 
  i do n't see any `` dislike '' of continental europe in the uk . 
  i think there might be some somewhat minor distrust of some parts of continental europe , but that distrust is no stronger than the distrust than parts of continental europe have to other parts of continental europe or have towards the uk . 
  it is n't the reason for strong euscepticism in the uk . 
   i wonder if things would be different if charles de gaulle had n't vetoed british membership back in the 60s ( on the grounds that the uk was too close to the americans ) . 
  it seems like a small thing , but it could contribute to a mindset that europe is lead by an ungrateful ally and a former enemy that never really saw britain as ` one of us ! ', 
  to begin with . 
  i think de gaulle 's veto was a consequence of british exceptionalism rather than a cause of it . 
  de gaulle was just being pragmatic and realistic about how britain perceives itself and how it perceives its place in europe . 
  i do n't think things would have been much different had britain joined in the 60s rather than the 70s . 
   why do n't they want this ? 
  simple : xenophobia . 
  is there such a thing as anti-continentalism ? 
  wanting out of the eu is not the same as xenophobia or `` anti-continentalism '' ( though i am not sure what you mean by this term ) . 
  i want the uk to leave the eu and i am not xenophobic . 
  generally attitudes to russian sanctions has been considered an east v west differential . 
  this map makes it seem as if it is a really a north v south debate . 
   the article makes it seem it is actually a somewhat depressing feature of recent journalism about secessionist movements in europe that most of these articles seem to imply that the various scessionist movements are similar , when the reality is that they have a lot of very different objectives ... 
   starting a war does n't make you look good for sure but technically is n't a warcrime in and off itself . 
  the fact that germany started ww2 might not be a warcrime per se , but it is another reason why the uk sees the uk 's own involvement in ww2 as a primarily moral role . 
   the only factor which the allies and axis did not have in common to some degree in this area was the treatment of the jews and other groups that were slaughtered or mistreated . 
  i think the reasons for the war in the first place were entirely different between the allies and the axis . 
  the allies were responding rather than provoking . 
  i think this is a fundamental difference . 
   they would definitely remain in romania if the salaries increased just a bit . 
  none of them are asking for british level salaries in order to stay . 
  perhaps you are right in relation to doctors : i am sure you know better than me . 
  however , in relation to other skilled professionals and entrepreneurs generally , which in the medium term your society and economy will need just as much as it needs doctors , i do think emigration will start to be a problem . 
  it is hard to argue that immigration of skilled romanian professionals to the uk helps the uk ( in general net terms ) without simultaneously arguing that it damages romania . 
   we are facing our greatest doctor crises in modern history . 
  this is why , as i have argued for a while on this forum , free movement of workers impacts the nations from which people emigrate from far more seriously than the nations to which people immigrate . 
  it remains to be seen , but i do n't think this measure is ultimately going to work . 
  however much money your pour it is invitably going to be less money than brits pour into the nhs or other western eu nations pay doctors . 
  romanian doctors on graduation are therefore going to continue to be tempted to move overseas . 
   i think there is something inherently wrong with a `` we feeling '' that has not actual reason . 
  maybe even generally , as a `` we feeling '' always leads to group thinking , which causes a lot of problem while solving not many . 
  i do n't think `` we feelings '' are necessarily harmful . 
  we brits are very individualistic ... 
   `` being proud of '' was here meant as a case of showcasing the we-feeling . 
  something you can see all the time , e.g. 
  americans : we saved you back then !, 
  and so on . 
  i do n't think there is anything wrong in `` we feeling '' . 
  also , ironically it is all over this thead , manifested by `` we germans do n't remember the war in the way that you brits do and therefore we germans are better '' . 
   heard of mortsel ? 
  in the end both sides took actions that were incredibly inhuman considering their pay-off . 
  their sole goal for doing this was to win at any and all cost . 
  all civilian deaths were tragedies and it would have been far better if they had been avoided . 
  however , i do n't think it really makes sense to draw an equivalence between the goals of the allied powers during ww2 with the goals of the axis or even an equivalence between their actions . 
   if we took out the crimes of the nazis that were n't directly related to war efforts ( killing of jews , etc ) it would 've been portrayed as a tragedy by everyone . 
  but the fact that the nazis committed crime make it so that there are still many that see it as an excuse to portray it as just a war for good as opposed to others that see it as a necessary evil or a plain tragedy regardless . ], 
  i do n't quite understand what you 're saying here as the crimes of the nazis were not incidental to the the war but fundamental to it . 
  the fact of the nazis is the main reason why the uk thinks about ww2 in a very different way from ww1 . 
   that 's true . 
  we basically have no sense of national pride whatsoever . 
  we collectively hate ourselves out of fear of looking like nazis otherwise . 
  this will change with time . 
  i actually think that germans are starting to get back national pride . 
  give it one or two more generations . 
  patriotism is not of itself a bad thing . 
  you can be proud to be german without hating brits and of course vice versa . 
  i actually think that ironically being patriotic helps you to like other countries and cultures as you start seeing things in those cultures which you think those people should be proud of . 
   true , we lost everything , including some of our nicer cities and regions ( breslau and k\u00f6nigsberg for example ) , while it speeded up the end of the british empire by decades . 
  other than losing cities , germany also has a feeling of , as a nation , having bahaved morally incorrectly during ww2 and not just having been on the losing side but also being on the aggressor . 
  in the uk , despite losing things , we have a feeling as a nation of having ( mostly ) behaved morally correctly during ww2 and ultimately being on the winning side . 
  it is this difference that has had the key impact to our subsequent histories . 
   so long as we can maintain our alliances , europe will be a better place overall . 
  i agree . 
  in fact , the world would be a better place if every country in the world tried to live in harmony and trade together peacefully . 
   the general view should be : wars are bad , no matter what * . 
  personally i 'm not sure that it makes sense to have a general rule . 
   i 'd argue that purely defensive wars belong there . 
  as long as a nation fights within its borders against another nation , then the defending party can be proud of their defenders . 
  the uk really was mostly not fighting within its own borders in ww2 . 
  it was mostly fighting on continental europe . 
  also , it was n't just defending itself : it was defending others too . 
   the people 2 generations later should again adopt the very neutral , rational point of view that i 'd wish to be the standard view . 
  i do n't agree with this . 
  i do n't see why contemporaries can be proud of something that people two generations later ca n't be proud of .
