  however , i do n't think the deal would be so bad . 
  as mentioned , the pragmatic northern eu nations , ireland , germany , netherlands , sweden and denmark would want to continue to have good trade relations with the uk . 
   the difference being that the trade deals you mentioned will be heavily skewed in the eu 's favor . 
  and you say that because ? 
  in any case , those countries still decided it was worth their while to have free trade with the eu . 
  most people in the eu will continue to want to trade freely with the uk after the uk leaves the eu . 
  i realise it was n't entirely clear from my post , but my point was that an out-of-eu-uk has the options of : - staying in the single market ( and therefore continuing to be a gateway to europe ) - not staying in the single market ( and not being a gateway to europe ) but being able to liberalise laws further . 
  there are costs and benefits to both approaches . 
   i just do not know how much use it will be to the uk currently . 
  you never know the future !, 
  i think good relations with portugal may well have their uses in the future !, 
   the threat of no longer being allowed to freely roam europe would be enough to get a lot of people to vote to stay . 
  particularly the young . 
  is this really going to change though ? 
  brits were able to travel freely round europe well before the eu came into being . 
  i 'm not sure why leaving the eu needs to make much difference . 
   to be honest , i do not see a way for the uk to leave without harsh consequences . 
  britain may need to invoke the [ anglo-portuguese alliance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-portuguese_alliance ) , the oldest diplomatic alliance in the world ... 
  i am sure the portuguese will stay our friends once we quit . 
   because you are a stable , english speaking country with rather liberal economic laws and because you are , for them , a gateway into europe . 
  should you leave , a part of these companies will probably move to the netherlands or something similar , decreasing this trade you speak of . 
  the `` stable , english speaking country with rather liberal economic laws '' part is there whether or not we are in the eu . 
  the `` gateway to europe '' point somewhat depends on what happens to the uk after brexit , whether we stay in the single market or not . 
  there are costs and benefits . 
  outside the eu the uk can liberalise its laws further , without eu gold-plating . 
   if they look at the big picture , however , they should n't , in order to decrease the chance that other countries follow suit . 
  yes , this is a real risk in my opinion . 
  there is a risk for the eu that if the uk can prosper outside the eu ( as of course norway and switzerland do ) then the eu will lose one of its main purposes . 
  however , i do n't think that the uk should be afraid to negotiate here . 
  a lot of europe ( especially ireland , germany , sweden , netherlands , denmark ) would not want to decrease trade with the uk . 
   i have a hard time believing that a majority of the population would vote for a secession if they knew what it would mean . 
  perhaps you do n't trust the electorate ? 
  personally i trust the electorate . 
  the only way to find out if the uk would vote for secession is to have a vote . 
   it 's just the good old nationalistic populistic bullshit all over again . 
  you guys tend to get caught up in that !, 
  i 've no idea what you mean by this . 
   i ca n't think of that discussion as anything else than satisfying popular opinion you call it `` popular opinion '' . 
  i call it `` voters '' , `` tax-payers '' and `` the electorate '' . 
  the uk can already be heard on the global stage though , as much as it needs to be . 
  the uk is a nuclear power and a p5 member of the unsc . 
  the uk is one of the largest economies in the world . 
  because of the uk 's history and strong trade and diplomatic links with the whole globe and the english language the uk also has a very strong and distinictive brand and a huge `` soft power '' . 
   if it comes to election with the tories talking about the wonders of a referendum and miliband talking about standards of living then it could still hurt the tories badly . 
  the difficulty for miliband is that standards of living will likely be rising by the time of the general election . 
   who 's ` we ' . 
  speak for yourself . 
  this is why we need a referendum , to find out what the majority wants . 
   yeah but we are n't a gas giant . 
  i think the eu could withstand being cut off from whiskey , calling and gta . 
  the uk is one of the eu 's biggest trading partners . 
  if the eu has managed to put in place free trade agreements with the likes of albania , tunisia and nicaragua , i think it will just about manage to get a free trade agreement with the uk . 
  germans are just annoyed that we are not letting them join the five eyes . 
  at this rate i do n't think they are on track to make the `` outer eye '' group , with the likes of france , netherlands and denmark ... 
   we did that in the 18th century . 
  after their industrialization ( already happening to japan ) they 'll become more like our economies . 
  the economies of s korea and japan are already very similar to western economies . 
  japan was industrialising early in the 19th century and with the post-war economic boom it had caught up with the west easily by the 60s . 
  s. korea caught up a decade or so later . 
   still , you 're certainly right that the uk would n't have much leverage . 
  i 'm sure a free trade agreement would n't be a problem , and even giving you access to the single market would be desirable for the eu ( note the difference between the two ) , but i have no idea how anybody could think the uk would be given a vote on regulations , or how people ca n't see the contradiction between having a single market and letting countries decide which aspects of it they want . 
  if they do n't understand that this would be a contradiction in itself , then they do n't understand what a single market is . 
  i expect either a fta ( an arrangement not dissimilar from turkey or switzlerand ) or single market with little to zero influence on the rules ( like norway ) is something that most eusceptics like me would be happy with . 
   eu would might want to block uk from as many trade deals as possible for two reasons . 
  let 's get this straight . 
  russia annexes ukraine and the eu is not even thinking about blocking trade deals with russia . 
  the eu is currently trying to agree trade deals with as much of the world as possible . 
  surely the eu is not going to want to refuse to trade with the uk once we leave !, 
  that would make no sense !, 
  it 's not really the media . 
  for years the media has been much more proeu than the british public . 
  we love europe . 
  we just want to leave the eu . 
  we can still be friends afterwards . 
   and that is : you chose to accept this position . 
  maybe it is n't your dream job . 
  perhaps it is so bad as to make every day a living hell . 
  but when all is said and done , you are owed nothing by society . 
  and as a free individual , the onus is on you to both make yourself valuable in the labor market and take work whose terms you can live with . 
  i agree with this comment . 
  as a lawyer i regularly check my blackberry and respond to e-mails ( both directly from my clients and also from my colleagues ) outside my official work hours . 
  this is called good client service and i know that if i were n't responsive my clients would go elsewhere . 
  but i do n't find it a burden to send e-mails outside work hours - and also i know it is a life that i have freely chosen and signed up to with my eyese open . 
  i am free to take a different career if i stop liking this current one . 
  it would be most annoying if legislation got in the way of me working in the way that i have chosen . 
   he views the world in the `` balance of power '' model and grim realpolitik view of the 19th century . 
  in this sense he is a realist . 
  there is a balance of power concern with russia . 
  there is a power vacuum in the west at the moment with the uk , france , the us , the eu , nato all being weak . 
  and partly as a consequence of that weakness by the west , russia has annexed crimea . 
  to acknowledge that security and geopolitics involves power and the ability to project power does not make you a nationalist . 
  it makes you a realist . 
   the mep said they will block the council if they do n't agree to their candidate . 
  which meps ? 
  the relevant meps have not yet been elected . 
   all that said , i think schultz will win anyway . 
  he 's got a broader coalition , and the epp are going to suffer at the hands of the nationalists . 
  with the uk 's labour party not supporting schulz , i 'm not sure if he has a broader coalition any more . 
   do n't gender/sexuality-rights and equality count as actual politics anymore ? 
  in the deep south in america in the 1950s , then equality is of course an actual policy and a significant issue .
