  and even they do not want to give any more power to the eu . 
  to get an mep all ukip need to do is get more votes that conservatives or more than a third of the votes of the snp though . 
  ukip are doing gradually better and better in scotland . 
  this year might be their breakthrough . 
  there is a functional barrier , but given the size of the eusceptic vote in the uk this functional barrier does not really matter . 
  this thread is about the eu elections and the uk does not use fptp . 
  why are you pretty confident ? 
  recent opinion polls put ukip very close indeed to getting a seat in scotland . 
  a small fall in snp or conservative votes is all it will take . 
  it is possible that ukip lose a seat partly because the `` an independence in europe '' party uses similar wording to ukip and is at the top of the ballot . 
  however , the only aim of these elections is to pressurise the conservatives and the labour party . 
  the total share of the eusceptic vote will do that very well . 
  there is n't a barrier . 
  also , the eu sceptic vote in the uk is much more than 12 % in the uk . 
  i think it is fair to say that ukip will get considerably more than 2.4 % of the vote . 
  there is a chance that ukip lose some of their vote to other eusceptic parties , but for eusceptics this does not really matter as this will still put pressure on the other parties to change their positions . 
  well - i advise you to start making plans to move on 25 may . 
  hopefully you have the skills to get a job somewhere on the continent ? 
  under current uk law , joining schengen would trigger a referendum in the uk . 
  i do n't see clegg wanting that !, 
  scotland is only marginally more proeu than the rest of the uk . 
  scotland could elect a ukip mep too . 
  in a proportionate system you ca n't really split votes though ... 
  yes , and the mainstream political parties , conservative and labour , both want to repatriate powers and rengotiate our relationship . 
  only the lib dems are proeu ( and even they do not want to join the euro or schengen ) . 
  the main thing is that cambridge did better than oxford . 
  everything else is just a detail . 
   surely it was better to have them in a coalition government where they compromise on some of their values , rather than remaining ideologically pure and having no influence at all ... 
  most of my lib dem friends say that they would have preferred the lib dem party not to have joined the government . 
  i find this odd too , but it is a very prevalent view . 
  [ judging by the terrible opinion polling ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_united_kingdom_general_election ) - they seemed to lose about a third of their support within a couple of months of being in government - and results in local elections and likely results in upcoming eu elections , it does seem that people prefer the idea of the lib dems in opposition to being in government ... 
  my point was not that britain defeated napoleon alone , just that britain was crucial to his defeat and very much the key part of the allies . 
   i guess the main reason is that us tends to approach european history from the english point of view . 
  if you do so , he was a real villain there . 
  the british perspective on napoleon is not quite so simplistic as that . 
  in some ways a lot of brits have a sneaking respect for him just for being french and a military genius . 
  also , the british attitude to napoleon is very much connected to the fact that we defeated him and that this defeat , in part , lead to arguably the finest period in british history and the pax brittanica . 
   considering they have the power to override the lords judgement , i await too see how it plays out , but would be genuinely surprised if anything is passed before next election . 
  given that the liberal democrats in the house of commons are refusing to let this bill be a government bill , but are too afraid of the electorate to actually defeat the bill using elected mps in the house of commons and are instead relying on unelected peers , the only option that the conservative party has here is to hope that they come at the top of the private member bill ballot . 
   i consider them fully capable of trying to pass an unpassable bill in full knowledge of the outcome . 
  it was unelected labour and lib dem peers that have tried to wreck the bill . 
  if you want a referendum on the eu , those are the people to blame . 
  if you do n't want a referendum on the eu , then you can thank unelected liberal `` democrats '' and labour peers in the house of lords . 
   so considering this would you say that the proposal of the bill was an honest attempt or a media ploy ? 
  the conservative party did everything they could to get the bill through . 
  they will try again in the next parliamentary sitting . 
  it is shameful that the labour party and the liberal democrat party allowed this bill to pass through the elected house , but then defeated it in the unelected house . 
  it is the unelected labour and liberal democrat peers that are trying to deny the british people a referendum . 
  they are the ones that blocked the bill . 
  given this i find it odd that you are blaming the conservative party . 
  edit after your edit : what do you mean by `` lack of follow through '' ? 
  what follow through could the conservatives have done that they have n't done ? 
   am i mistaken in the belief that the house of lords can not delay a bill for more than a year ? 
  almost but not quite . 
  once the house of lords reject a bill , it is defeated . 
  however , if the house of commons bring the bill back and the house of lords reject it again , the house of commons can force it through using [ the parliament act ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliament_acts_1911_and_1949 ) . 
   the conservative party has done no concrete moves to provide a referendum outside of what is already established in the european union act 2011 . 
  [ actually , they have done everything within their power to enshrine a referendum in law already ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/bills/cbill/2013-2014/0011/cbill_2013-20140011_en_2.htm ) . 
  the only reason this legislation has not yet passed is because unelected labour and lib dem peers in the house of lords opposed it . 
   what is a normal country in eu ? 
  the netherlands is a very normal country . 
   i 'm just jealous of the full english breakfast , the creative music scenes and the availability of good ale , so i pretend to still be mad about jeanne d'arc . 
  while i think the music and the ale is worth keeping i would happily trade a full english breakfast for a croissant and a cafe au lait ... 
   but now i have to focus more on my work . 
  this happened to me too . 
  i suppose the other side of the coin is that my job has meant that i have not been able to put myself forwards for elected office . 
  perhaps that is a good thing !, 
   first , i do n't care about downvotes . 
  but thanks . 
  second , i understand what you mean now . 
  although i do think we should wait out to see what the result will really be instead of relying on spies and speculation . 
  perhaps our discussion is completely unfounded . 
  lastly , personally , i 'm not in favour of an ftt , so i do n't even want this to be enacted in the first place . 
  having said that , some of the biggest supporters of such a tax are , in fact , based in the uk ( or even in the us , if you remove the . uk from the url ) . 
  so please , do n't paint this as an uk vs. reu stand-off . 
  it 's not . 
  by spies i mean my own belgian colleagues who have access to the belgian government and the meps and commission people working on this etc. 
  obviously everyone who works in the city of london is following closely these negotiations given that we will be impacted by them . 
  from the perspective of the uk , it is a shame that the uk government is excluded from participating in discussions which will impact heavily the uk . 
  it is true that there are supporters of the ftt in the uk , but in terms of official negotiations and the actual legal challenge it is the uk government that is taking the commission to court . 
  if the ftt proceeds to the next steps , it will be the uk government that goes to court again , most likely alone . 
  while there are other member states that are against it , ireland , luxembourg and sweden , i expect that they will all ultimately hide behind the uk ( which has the most to lose ) . 
  in many respects , then , it is a stand-off between the uk and reu and one that i expect that the uk will lose in the court . 
  this constant future pattern of the uk being in a lonely minority against an increasingly integrated eurozone will become more and more tiring . 
  as a german voter who is against the ftt and has many sympathies with uk positions but is an euphile , how do you vote in the european elections ? 
  presumably fdp ? 
   i still do n't understand why their cooperation is really necessary . 
  i mean , i understand why it would make it easier . 
  but a german entity , to stay with your example , is subject to german law and will have to comply regardless of whether ny/l/hk help enforce it . 
  if they do n't , they commit tax evasion and will sooner or later be held responsible . 
  so , assuming london has to do anything , the others wo n't be better off as long as the domestic tax collectors are vigilant . 
  i 'm hesistant to go into detail here , given that i understand from my brussels spies ( ! ), 
  that while the discussions among the participating member states are private ( and the uk is excluded from them ) , they are very fraught and may potentially breakdown and continue to get delayed and the exact scope of the tax continues to change . 
  thus the eventual detailed proposal may look very different from the last public proposal that came out in february 2013 . 
  from a uk perspective , the ideal result would be that the talks break down and there is still a chance that this happens . 
  much depends , as usual , on angie . 
  assuming the proposal does get enacted in its current form and the uk loses the next legal challenge , in the deutsche bank example , you 're right that under german domestic legislation , db ny branch would have an obligation under german law to pay the ftt to germany . 
  however , german tax collectors would have no way of enforcing that obligation against db ny branch and there is no amount of vigilance that can be done by the german tax authorities . 
  they would have to rely on compliance by db ny branch here to disclose details of private transactions . 
  perhaps db ny will do this , perhaps it wo n't .
