   but if they would leave they would have to pay the tolls as anybody else , and the tolls to sell to export into eu is rather high . 
  the uk would negotiate a free trade agreement with the eu , just like many other countries have done . 
  the eu wants to keep trading with the uk . 
   this is one of the rare topics on r/europe that i find to be genuinely debate worthy and i think my opinion on the matter could be swayed . 
  i totally agree with you here ...  without mandatory voting , fringe/extremist parties typically do n't win , but they certainly gain a significant foothold they would be denied when the entire electorate averages out to the ( by definition ) average individual 's political tastes . 
  i am not sure about that . 
  i think the apathetic voter might have even more fringe views than the motivtated voter . 
   for me it is the duty associated with a successful democracy . 
  but i do n't think a civic ( or moral ) duty should be the same as a legal obligation . 
  as a libertarian , i do n't agree with the state interfering too much with my freedom . 
  requiring me to vote would be an interference !, 
   so what happends to uks export if they leave the eu now that the majority of their export is directed towards the eu ? 
  the eu is not going to stop the uk exporting to the eu . 
  wake up people . 
  russia just annexed crimea and the eu has not stopped russia exporting to it because the eu is not unified on this issue . 
  the eu will not be unified on the uk too . 
   economic depression and increased unenployment . 
  this is happening in greece , italy and spain , partly because of the single currency . 
  everyone said that it would be the uk , outside the euro , that would suffer . 
  they were wrong then and wrong now !, 
   if they also stop the immigration ( wich is a great economic succes , no matter what the angry men dressed in brown might say ) uk is gon na fall far down the latter . 
  i am very pro-immigration to the uk . 
   less than 10 % of your own population was motivated enough to vote ukip . 
  as you say , most of the eu ( other than in your country where you were also voting on a national government ) the real winner was the abstainer . 
  i do n't dispute that . 
  however , the total of votes for the tories ( who are eusceptics and want to repatriate powers to the uk ) and the ukippers represents a significant victory for the eusceptic cause in the uk . 
  i do n't think it really makes sense to ignore it !, 
   while countries with mandatory voting do not apply to the following statement , countries that do decide to voluntarily vote more clearly deserve their desired representation more so than those that do n't care . 
  i strongly disagree with this . 
  in my view voting is very much a right rather than an obligation . 
   time and time again , different people remind you that switzerland is independent of the eu on paper only and is in fact subject to a huge part of its laws with little say in them , just as norway . 
  this is n't quite true . 
  switzerland and norway are different from each other and both in different positions from the eu . 
  you 're right that switzerland is subject to some laws from the eu and has no say in them , but they just had a referendum on immigration and voted to lower it . 
  i expect that the eu will have to respect their wishes . 
  also , switzerland , by not being in the eea , it can put in place free trade agreements across the globe , [ which it does ] ( http://www.s-ge.com/switzerland/export/en/content/static/list-of-all-swiss-free-trade-agreements ) . 
  britain would be better off in this position too . 
  also , i am not advocating a swiss model for the uk . 
  i think the uk should aim to be much more ambitious than that . 
  i think the uk should aim to be able to trade freely with the eu , but not be required to implement any eu legislation for domestic uk based trade ( which makes up most of our economy ) . 
  fine , we have no say over eu law when we export into the eu , but this is already the case with us law when we export to the us . 
  judging by the vote we have just seen in the uk ( and across the eu generally ) , i think cameron is in a great position to be able to play hardball with the eu . 
   their own representatives ' words contradict you !, 
  i am much more interested in the opinions of the norwegian and swiss electorate ( who much prefer their current arrangements to eu membership ) than i am in the people that purport to represent them . 
  yeah , poor switzerland . 
  people can see how stupid they are . 
  i hope we do n't see much more europe as that would be very disappointing for the british people who voted overwhelmingly for less europe . 
  as part of the council , cameron has not just a right , but also a requirement to nominate the commission president . 
  which bit of the lisbon treaty do you think he is violating ? 
  hopefully sweden will have good bilateral and trade links with the uk when we both leave the eu . 
  ukip are far right ? 
  seriously ? 
  what policies are far right ? 
  this is exactly what british people think too , the only difference is we think that bag of money is something we are giving away . 
  maybe brits and poles are pretty similar ;-), 
  technically she can be elected . 
  there is no legal requirement for the parliament to elect an official lead candidate . 
  it is hard to predict with confidence what will happen as this is all new . 
  i wonder what the mood music will be tomorrow night . 
  apparently cameron has been on the phone to europe most of the day . 
  another thing that the british press was saying was that christine lagarde might get it . 
  very high profile , a trusted pair of hands and also french , at a time when french lack of trust in the eu is high . 
  and added to that , i believe lagarde is also a common law lawyer too . 
  i do n't disagree , i 'm just making the point that there is no legal reason why the council ca n't start out with their preference and then see how the parliament responds . 
  with this crazy new parliament , it is hard to predict what will happen , especially as there is no precedent . 
  as the eu 's own publicity about the elections said : `` this time it 's different '' . 
  well , they are right . 
  but maybe the difference is more than they bargained for . 
  what is going on with the french right now is much more significant than what is happening in the uk for europe . 
  europe has got used to the uk being difficult for a number of years and kind of got to accept it . 
  but france ?!, 
  this is a game-changer . 
  hahaha !, 
  very good comment . 
  i am just describing what i think modern britain is like . 
  i 'm from the provinces but now live in central london , so know both worlds and they are not the same . 
  i 'm also trying to show that some people who vote ukip are n't europe-haters and i think the word `` europhobic '' does n't well describe ukip any more . 
  it is about other things too , like sovereignty and where in the world the uk fits . 
  i think the reason for the big media storm is because antieu feeling is in the uk and france , two of the biggest players in the eu . 
  i think this means that the eu will definitely change one way or the other and probably dramatically . 
  but who knows !, 
  the ukip meps are doing what the taxpayers want , so i do n't think it is a waste of taxpayers money or time . 
  i will also vote ukip in the national elections . 
  but the way the eu vote has gone changes the debate in the uk , so that 's why it was important . 
  the uk is actually pretty average when it comes to turnout in the eu elections . 
  look at the opinion polls for that . 
  also , wales is very eusceptic too . 
  they got a huge ukip vote . 
  thanks for all the downvotes . 
  also , just so you know , it is n't england it is the uk . 
  i voted for ukip because i want the uk to leave the eu . 
  once the uk leaves , then you can make changes to the eu . 
  but i think the eu needs to now accept that the uk is not agreeing to any more changes . 
  maybe best for the uk and the eu to separate at this stage . 
  the council still have a role though . 
  that 's what the treaty of the eu says . 
  also , please do n't downvote me just because of my flag or because you do n't like the facts i write . 
  this is very radical political agenda and therefore an interesting development for spain . 
  will they impact the national elections ? 
  what i find a bit odd is that people say that small countries like switzerland can do fine outside the eu and big countries like the usa can do fine outside the eu , but somehow middle-sized countries like the uk ca n't .
