  if the mainstream dutch parties ignore the electorate , eventually you will get the fringe parties in power . 
   make no mistake people from abroad : this referendum is n't really about ukraine . 
  it 's about the eu - and about revenge for the 2005 referendum which was ignored by politicians here that 's why we in the uk are not ignoring it . 
  we know it is really about the eu . 
  we in the uk have our referendum that is also about the eu . 
  the danes had one at the end of last year ...  if the outcome as predicted will be ` no ' the government should just ignore it because of the reasons outlined above if the dutch government ignores it , in the long run they will be badly punished . 
  the dutch public will eventually get their revenge . 
  wait until we brits vote leave . 
  dutch people are going to then start thinking about the eu in a totally different way . 
  exciting times !, 
  i ca n't stop thinking about this . 
  also , i checked [ the internet ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/klap ) and it told me that klap was bang , blow , hit or strike . 
  to me this is more realistic , but i do take your point that flies , like queen elizabeth ii , are immortal . 
  punch is a more epic word than clap , but clap closer reflects what people actually do when they catch flies . 
  to me `` kill two flies with one punch '' does not sound very english whereas `` kill two flies with one clap '' could potentially be a very natural english idiom ... 
   actually it is true : look the uk , netherlands and germany are the only three net contributors to the eu budget ( net by population ) : did you check your own link ? 
  it does not say what you say it says . 
   i agree that a leave vote has the potential to create reform but more likely is vague promises which are never delivered and another vote to get the `` correct '' answer . 
  we can not predict exactly what will happen after a `` leave '' vote . 
  however , the reality is that it is far more likely to shake things up than a `` remain '' vote . 
  dutch people , who are not happy with the eu status quo , on this basis should support a `` leave '' vote . 
   the uk , netherlands and germany are the only three net contributors to the eu budget , this is not true . 
   what possible reason could a dutch person want the uk to leave the eu ? 
  same reason for british people wanting to leave the eu . 
  it will shake things up and that is necessary . 
  best way of achieving real radical reform in eu is a leave vote . 
   ` twee vliegen in \u00e9\u00e9n klap ' i do n't know dutch , but are you sure `` klap '' is translated as `` sweep '' ? 
  we have an english word `` clap '' which would fit better here ... 
  this kind of expression makes me want to learn dutch and reminds me that english is at heart a germanic language and closely related to dutch/flemish/frisian languages ... 
   why do you think it would have effect brexit ? 
  politics is connected and we have already seen how events in europe and elsewhere influence the uk . 
  for example , the danish vote against maastricht was the tipping point that kept the uk out of the euro . 
  the dutch and french votes against the eu constitution were studied incredibly closely here . 
  voteleave have already hired to help out with their campaign the people that organised the `` no '' campaign in norway on eu membership . 
   like two flies in one sweep we say `` two birds with one stone '' for this situation ... 
  if you vote `` no '' , this will give a massive boost to the `` leave '' campaign here ... 
   true , i 'm just pointing out it it 's easy for the imf to advocate debt relief when they themselves wo n't be part of it . 
  on this i agree . 
  however , i think it would be irresponsible for the imf not to advocate debt relief . 
   and while they advocate debt relief by that they mean for europe to forgive some of the debt not the imf . 
  it does n't make sense for imf to forgive debt of greece . 
  imf includes many countries in the world that are much poorer than greece and many countries that do not share a currency with greece . 
  the countries that should forgive greece 's debt are the rich eurozone countries . 
  nothing else makes sense . 
  i 've not studied scottish law , but i have often worked on transactions in which there is a specific scottish law element , generally as part of a wider international transaction . 
  for example , sometimes there are scottish companies that are parties to a transaction or security is being taken over assets located within scotland and then specific scottish law advice is required . 
  one big practical change to scots law that took place recently was in relation to [ counterparts ] ( http://www.scotslawblog.com/business-law/counterparts-delivery-scotland-document-execution/ ) this new development is a very welcome one from south of the border !, 
  the fact that england and scotland have been in union for 300 years and somehow even basic contract law has stayed separate throughout that time with many fundamental differences is a really interesting historical thing . 
  another interesting point is that during that point britain as a combined state created a global empire and the scots and english both contributed to that empire in a very similar way . 
  however , the english legal system was the one that got adopted in every colony and not the scottish legal system . 
  and , somewhat surprisingly , the various different common law jurisdictions have , despite being independent for many years , tended to keep many aspects of the common law very similar . 
  basic contract/tort law in london is the same as basic contract/tort law in new zealand for example . 
  judges feel obliged to consider the judgments of other common law jurisdictions even if they are not legally binding . 
  ireland 's legal system is basically a copy and paste of england 's legal system . 
  in terms of contract law they use the exact same principles that are used in england , new york , singapore , new south wales ... 
   ( scotland being a bit of a special case ) i 'm not the guy you responded to , but he probably means scottish legal system is a very special case in that it is a mixed system ( unlike the common law jurisdictions of ireland and england or the civil law jurisdictions of france and germany ) . 
  anglo-russian entente forever !, 
  ( not really we brits and russians are still very suspicious of each other ... ), 
   i however strongly disagree with your assessment that a federalized eu would be `` a risk for your democracy '' . 
  it would be a `` risk for your specific kind of democracy '' . 
  in the uk `` our democracy '' is also `` our specific kind of democracy '' . 
  i do n't understand your distinction here . 
  democracy is mixed up with consitutions and laws . 
  if you fiddle with constitutions , you are also fiddling with democracies . 
  again , i am not saying that the uk democracy is better or worse than the german or the french system . 
  again , this is something that we can both be patriotic about and accept that different things are not necessarily better or worse . 
  i just think that the german system is best for germany and the british system is best for the uk . 
  changing the uk 's constitutional system ( and thereby democracy ) to a different system ( i.e. 
  french or german system ) would in my view be harmful to the uk 's democracy because the uk 's democracy represents its specific history and experience and culture , just as its constitution does . 
   sidenote : has anyone ever put thoughts into what would happen to the monarchs of the eu in case of a federation ? 
  this would create quite a lot of problems in that area . 
  on this point i am not sure that from the perspective of the uk there would be too much difficulty . 
  the uk monarchy is extremely flexible as a system , which is one of the reasons why it has survived . 
  the monarch is separate from [ the royal prerogative ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_prerogative_in_the_united_kingdom ) and is separate from [ the crown ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_crown ) . 
  i guess we could create a new [ convention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitutional_conventions_of_the_united_kingdom ) . 
   if the uk votes to leave the eu , does that mean english would be dropped from the official languages used by the eu or would it remain due to members like ireland who have it as part of ( but not solely ) their official languages ? 
  it would remain an official language of the eu , partly because of ireland and partly because that is just how the world works these days . 
   and here is my problem with this : as you know , i am a genuinely pro-eu person and , under certain circumstances , i would like to have a federation at some point . 
  and i am an anti-eu person and this is exactly why i am anti-eu . 
  from a constitutional and legal perspective , the uk is in a minority within the eu partly because it does n't have a codified constitution , does n't have a constitutional court , does not even have the civil law but has the common law and parliamentary sovereignty . 
  we also have a tradition of oppositional politics and adversarial courts , rather than the german collaborational politics and inquisitorial courts . 
  the german constitutional system , while of course special in its own right , shares more similarities with other eu constitutional systems than the uk one does and also fits closer into the eu . 
  constitutional system itself . 
  the uk 's position within the eu is already compromising the uk 's constitutional and legal system too much . 
  it is one thing being disappointed , but undermining our constitution and legal system has , in the long run , risks for our democracy . 
  for these reasons i do n't think the uk fits very well into the eu ( and that is without even considering the uk 's economy , which is services based and less integrated into the eu than other eu economies , and the uk 's history , which is as much connected to other countries around the globe as it is to european countries ) . 
   it very much is possible that `` constitutional patriotism '' is a very elitist thing . 
  with that said , it is hard for me to judge objectively because of my educational background ( law ) . 
  it is interesting that your understanding of `` constitutional patriotism '' for germany is similar to my own understanding of `` constitutional patriotism '' for the uk . 
  we are both lawyers but our constitutions are very different !, 
  in a sense this shows why patriotism is not , of itself , something to be feared at all . 
  someone who is constitutionally patriotic in the uk or germany might have pride in particular constitutional institutions or concepts in their respective countries but this of itself tells you nothing about what they think about other countries . 
  for example , while i think that the uk 's constitutional system works well in an uncodified and ad hoc way without a constitutional court i also think that the german system of a very serious constitutional court with fundamental basic laws also works well . 
  our histories and cultures are different . 
  we can be both proud of ourselves and proud of others at the same time . 
   also there are conflicting rational self-interests : there are also conflicting interests among the various different eu governments . 
  the way ireland and the netherlands are impacted is different from the way italy or estonia is impacted . 
  just as it has been difficult for the various different eu countries to reach agreed positions on the migrant crisis or the future of eurozone ( because different countries are impacted in different ways and have different local electorates to consider ) the same will also be true of a brexit . 
  this adds a massive other lawyer of complexity into the eu decision making process . 
  there is also the question of how the uk itself approaches the renegotiation .
