  where goals coincide , it makes sense for nations across the globe to work together , not just in the eu . 
  you 're not citing the treaty correctly . 
  it does not say `` respect '' , it says `` take into account '' . 
  it does not say `` recommend '' , it says `` nominate '' . 
  if the council was only meant to select candidates in the debates , the treaty should have said that . 
  the uk is not a constituency though . 
  if your friendship with us is conditional upon us being in a union with you , it is n't real friendship anyway . 
  if you never really liked us anyway , it makes no sense us being together in a union . 
  of course there will be some people who try to use this kind of thing as ammo , but it is plain ridiculous . 
  i believe the uk should leave the eu and have been called a hypocrit because i have friends who are n't british . 
  this is the same level as that . 
  i hope we leave too . 
  we will be much better friends again once we leave . 
  and partly because of this cameron should argue that juncker has no democratic mandate to have power over the british people . 
  it is hard for you to argue on the one hand that the uk electorate do n't know who juncker is , and then on the other hand argue that people voted for him . 
  it is a bit more complicated than that . 
  cameron is simply following the letter of the eu treaties . 
  those eu treaties were agreed and ratified and subject to national democratic methods of ratification ( including referendums ) . 
  if we pretend that the treaty says something other than it actually says , we are ignoring the democratic processes which ratified that treaty . 
  also , arguably national governments ( which have been elected on the basis of much higher turn out than the eu elections ) arguably have a greater democratic legitimacy . 
  he is complying with the law . 
  would you prefer him not to comply with the law ? 
  and let 's see if the british public vote for or against your proposed changes . 
  they were right to leave the epp , given that they do not want to be part of a federal europe . 
  a juncker presidency is a bad result for cameron ( but a great result for ukip ) . 
  it 's not yet a convention in the eu if it has never once happened . 
  an elected representative acting in the best interests of the electorate is a basic premise of good governance . 
  she is obviously correct to do what is right for germany . 
  and in the same way , cameron is correct to do what is right for the uk and right for the uk is not juncker . 
  however , it is n't about winning the battle , it is about winning the war . 
  at some stage cameron might need to back off this battle and focus on the rest of the war and ensure that the uk get one of the top commission spots ( and ideally free market ) . 
  this is very interesting because it indicates a dramatic social change in a relatively short time . 
  it has become somewhat harder to predict what will happen in french politics over the next couple of years . 
  the only certainty is that hollande will not win the presidency next time round . 
   you 're keeping yours , and we are keeping ours . 
  this was kinda my point . 
  together we can stand strong on this point and also have to . 
  we both know that . 
  neither uk or france should ever give up on this . 
  okay , we had a few wars and okay , that part of our history did last like 800 years . 
  but since then we have got used to the entente cordiale and it is useful when italians or germans come out with insanity . 
   when the european union will become a federation . 
  this might happen . 
  but the uk will not be in it when it does . 
   sooner or later they will have to accept anyway really ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't see this changing any time soon . 
  the uk and france might not agree on much , but we still have an entente cordiale on certain things . 
   an european permanent seat is the solution but not one that either uk or france will accept . 
   its not up to me i do n't really care i kinda hope they vote yes just for kicks . 
  i kinda do too . 
   its not a folk deciding for themselves . 
  its not exactly that because the concept of `` a people '' is not a certain one and it would have been impossible to get a definition of scottish that everyone agreed with . 
  my grandfather was scottish , but i have lived in england all my life . 
  should i get a vote ? 
   so then its not really a people voting at all !, 
  the terms of who could vote etc were the result of a negotiation between the uk government and the scottish government and therefore reflect a political compromise . 
  the underlying concept behind the referendum is the international law position i described . 
   how long would they have to be `` isolated '' until they are ? 
  there is n't an accepted definition under international law of `` a people '' and obviously this is all extremely political . 
  my own view is that isolation is not really relevant , instead things like language , history , culture , ethnicity , tradition , religion etc all play a part . 
  the scots are clearly a people while most english counties clearly are not distinct peoples from each other . 
  arguably , the cornish are a distinct people and as such have a ( limited ) right to self-determination . 
   from what i 've read not only scots are allowed to vote but all people living in scotland including eu citizens . 
  not all scots can vote . 
  scots living in england can not vote . 
  but all eu citizens and commonwealth citizens living in scotland can vote . 
  other people living in scotland ( e.g. 
  from china , usa etc ) can not vote unless they have permanent right to remain in the uk . 
   we ca n't give media coverage to parties without representation because it would turn into a ridiculous circus . 
  i 'm really not arguing for media coverage of parties without representation . 
  i 'm more describing why they face a very difficult task of breaking into the political mainstream or getting representation electorally . 
  a county in england does n't represent `` a people '' under international law . 
   when does a geographical area and its population acquire such a choice ? 
  concept of `` self-determination of a people '' under international law . 
  edit - why do people downvote stuff like this ? 
  i do n't get it . 
   they have to go with a candidate . 
  if they do not , they give up pretenses of democratic legitimacy . 
  in the live debates , each and every one of the candidates insisted that there would be no other commission president than the people standing on that stage . 
  is there not an argument to be made , though , that the candidates ought to have acknowleded , in the live debates , that constitutionally the eu treaty gave a specific role to the council in nominating the commission president ? 
  is there not a case that the letter of the eu treaty ( ratified by each member state , in some cases voted upon by referendum ) ought to be followed ? 
  if the appointment of the commission president should be only done by the ep alone , would n't it make sense for the eu treaty to be amended to reflect that ? 
  and , one of the most surprising things of the election , the scottish conservatives actually did well , despite there being a conservative government in westminster . 
   5 star movement has gone over to lepen iirc the italian lega nord is going to be joining eaf , but m5s definitely wo n't join it . 
  most likely is that m5s end up in efd . 
  but they 're a bit unpredicatable . 
  yeah , this was pretty bad . 
  presumably it means that pnl will lose a lot of credibility going forwards ? 
  will there be any new romanian alde party ? 
   but these are fundamentally national changes which reflect the way different countries have dealt with the crisis , but there does remain a possibility that these fundamentally national changes end up causing an earthquake in the eu . 
  had it just been ukip and sinn fein i would have agreed with you . 
  but what happened in france has the potential to be a real game-changer . 
   there 's a strong argument that the current stance of the tories is based on being pushed along by ukip , though . 
  [ eucritical has been in the blood of the tories for a while ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tetk_ayo1x4&amp;feature=kp ) and definitely longer than ukip have been around . 
  but you 're right that the ukip threat focuses the mind . 
  this was actually a very well-written article i thought . 
   i think we can expect some of ukip 's meps leaving the party . 
  this has happened before . 
  this is true , but ukip 2014 is quite a bit different from ukip 2009 ( in terms of professionalism , level of support and so forth ) .
