  i agree that a negotiated outcome is most likely . 
  however , i think that there is a small risk that scotland refuses to pay its share of the debt . 
  there is of course almost zero chance that there will be a formal currency union between ruk and scotland . 
  have you been following the referendum closely ? 
  what to do about national debt has been a big issue . 
  there have been repeated indications from the yes campaign that they might not pay scotland 's share or the debt , leaving the rest of the uk with the bill . 
  [ here is an example . 
  ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/mobile/politics/referendum-news/salmonds-threat-to-ditch-debt-in-sterling-struggle.21143494 ), 
  the relations between ruk and iscotland might be destroyed if scotland refuses to pay its share of the debt . 
  what with scotland leaving , we need new people to be in a kingdom with us . 
  the united kingdom of southern britain , northern ireland and south yemen ? 
  i miss [ the good old days ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ) when we were constantly at war ... 
  hahaha - algarve / tuscany ( chiantishire ) / provence / costa del sol - all good british colonies ... 
  i 've also got out the popcorn ( though i feel bad about this as i like you guys and do n't want you any harm ... ) to watch the show . 
  actually , i got out the popcorn to watch sweden a few years back when sd first got into parliament . 
  in some ways sweden is a test case for europe , a kind of massive experiment . 
  it has been a peaceful , wealthy , culturally somewhat homogenous , well-educated and equal society with excellent social security . 
  it has relatively high levels of immigration . 
  will sweden integrate its immigrants successfully ? 
  will sweden 's social democratic model continue as it is ? 
  just how successful will the swedish democrats become ? 
  ( looking at france , denmark , uk etc , i think the swedish democrats can probably double their share of the vote over the next couple of election cycles . ), 
  will the other parties change their positions ? 
  popcorn time . 
  you 're at seven because two of my grandparents are irish . 
  otherwise you 'd be a lot lower . 
  i 've not forgiven you giving us people like terry wogan and graham norton . 
  i 'm not sure how much work you have done with hong kongers , but in my mind they seem better at doing business than the brits are . 
  they are also harder working !, 
  i just really like new zealanders ... you have a point about hong kong . 
  also , they have a great approach to business and a great legal system . 
  i ca n't remember all of them , but i 'd put them in this order of preference : - ( 1 ) new zealand , - ( 2 ) canada , - ( 3 ) australia , - ( 4 ) singapore - ( 5 ) jamaica , barbados and bahamas etc - ( 6 ) india , - ( 7 ) ireland , - ( 8 ) kenya , - ( 9 ) hong kong , - ( 10 ) south africa , - ( 11 ) usa , - ( 12 ) cyprus , malta , gibralta etc - ( 13 ) bangladesh , - ( 14 ) pakistan , - ( 15 ) zimbabwe , - ( 16 ) france . 
   you say that but that is only guesswork and opinion . 
  you say they are only in because of the uk , but the fact of the matter is that they are in . 
  this does n't strike me as guesswork and opinion , but international law . 
  are you a betting man ? 
  if so , i will bet good money with you on this !, 
   westminster will never act in a crass way that will outrage scotland and vice versa . 
  westminster is just saying that there wo n't be a currency union . 
  i do n't think this is acting in a crass way , but perhaps you disagree . 
  you will be able to tell me if this outrages scotland . 
  alex salmond has indicated that if there is no currency union , scotland will not pay its share of the debt . 
  perhaps he is not serious here , but if they did n't , that would certainly outrage ruk . 
   when the eu sits down a few weeks after a yes vote , there is no way on this earth that they are going exclude scotland fro the eu because of some bureaucratic process that does n't even exist . 
  as mentioned , it is not the eu that is excluding scotland . 
  this is scotland voting to leave an eu member state . 
   and you have no idea what spain will do . 
  right now they are making loud noises for their own domestic reasons . 
  but post facto they will never block scotland . 
  i do n't think they will veto scotland . 
  however , they have indicated that, 
   scotland is already in the eu . 
  this is not just a legal issue . . it is simple fact . 
  scotland is in the eu by virtue of being part of the uk . 
  once scotland is no longer part of the uk , it will not automatically be part of the eu . 
  a process will need to be gone through . 
   again . 
  scotland is already in the eu and this does and will not not apply . 
  this strikes me as wishful thinking in the extreme . 
  the consensus view of lawyers is that article 49 would apply . 
  saying that scotland would be able to sign the treaty without going through an accession is incredibly unlikely . 
  there is no way spain would accept that . 
   that is like saying ` do n't rely on the sun coming up tomorrow !!, 
  it 's not a certainty ! ', 
  it is meaningless hyperbole . 
  i 'm not sure if you know what hyperbole means . 
  to say that there is a lack of certainty in relation to scotland 's eu position is really not hyperbole and nothing like the rising of the sun . 
   there will be delays in reaching an agreement . 
  there will be hiccups . 
  but westminster is never ever going to take this kind of extraordinary action . 
  i agree it is unlikely , however , do you think that once ruk refuses to be in a currency union with iscotland , iscotland will pay its share of the debt ? 
   none of the ` uncertainties ' hold any significant risk to scotland 's prosperity or success as an independent nation among nations . 
  this is n't my case . 
  it is my case that scotland may not be immediately a member of the eu upon independence . 
   and there is really no need to change it , except for annoying the scots if they leave . 
  i 've heard some suggestions that we can keep it . 
  after all , there will still be a union of sorts if scots vote for independence : certainly a union of crowns and still some kind of social and economic union and perhaps also a defence union . 
  perhaps the flag can just represent those things . 
  do we really need another new flag ? 
  england , wales and northern ireland each already have their own flags . 
  northern ireland in particular has tonnes of flags ...  what is ruk ? 
  i 've seen it already but thought that was just a typo ... ruk is internet chat for `` the rest of the united kingdom once scotland is removed . 
  nobody has even worked out what to call this new country . 
  does it stay the uk ? 
  or should we also change its name ? 
  when yugoslavia split up , serbia was for a while former yugoslavia . 
  however , if the uk becomes former uk it will be abbreviated to fuk , which does not seem good . 
  it is the appeal , but i think that a lot of europeans are not aware of just how well australians can do the tacky/camp/trashy thing . 
  ;-) my own australian colleagues are basically out of control on this front . 
  here in ruk , what to do with the flag has been a bit of an open question . 
  a lot of people like the flag independently of the scotland question . 
  [ the flag has a value as a brand and a fashion symbol ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=union+jack+fashion+trend&amp;rls=com.microsoft:en-gb&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=cauxvjnbey_haodigraf&amp;ved=0cciqsaq&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=906 ) in its own right , separately from what it represents . 
  it has become a crucial part of uk 's marketing campaign , with the olympics , the royal wedding and so forth . 
  changing it will be pretty annoying from that perspective . 
  australians would make this show many many more times more tacky/camp/trashy than it already is . 
  have we thought about this ? 
  the single main reason why it is hard for eusceptics to form a european group is because of the brits . 
  the brits ( with the conservatives and ukip ) are dominant in two eusceptic groups ( ecr and efdd ) and refuse to work with each other and both refuse to work with a number of other parties that have clustered around france 's fn . 
  if you remove the brits , it would become quite a bit easier to get a single group in place ( minus some of the extremes ) . 
   not what i said .
