   g\u0103g\u0103uzia consists of four separate enclaves , with a grand total of three cities , and a population of 160k of which about 2/3 are g\u0103g\u0103uzi . 
  economy ? 
  there are twelve wineries , processing over 400,000 tonnes annually . 
  there are also two oil factories , two carpet factories , one meat factory , and one non-alcoholic beverages factory . . meat , wine , oil and carpets , what more does a man need ? 
  this sounds exactly like my kind of place . 
  :-) small nations can be very prosperous though , as long as they are governed well . 
  look how great liechtenstein does with 35,000 people . 
   what the hell is happening in eastern europe ? 
  same thing that is happening in western europe ( scotland , catalonia , flanders ) . 
  people want to be able to govern themselves . 
  ukip are not really isolationist . 
  their main policy is just to pull the uk out of the eu . 
  us brits tend not to be isolationists ... 
  i 'd be surprised if ukip put reversing gay marriage legislation in their manifesto . 
  their policies are not race related . 
   it just looks ridiculous when ukrainians come here to condemn their government and its brutality , and europeans respond by condemning america for some reason . 
  i 'm like , jesus , who 's actually in kiev seeing what 's happening with their own two eyes ? 
  yes - i know , it is very ridiculous and also quite embarrassing . 
  there is a way of thinking in western circles ( and i think especially in left-wing circles ) to view all political issues in the context of where that issue stands in relation to their absolute enemy . 
  so , for a left-wing brit , the absolute enemy would be margaret thatcher and ronald reagan ( and their values ) . 
  so anything that a theoretical margaret thatcher might agree with , would also be their enemy and anything that margaret thatcher might disagree with becomes their friend . 
  so just because margaret thatcher ( were she alive ! ), 
  would probably have condemned the current ukraine government , some people think they have to support the current ukraine government . 
   or maybe it 's the fact that the vast , vast majority of ukrainians here will tell you they 're with the protesters . 
  you keep talking about americans or brits , but really , the only people in this subreddit siding with the government 's ( and russia 's ) side of the story are americans and brits . 
  to be honest , the vast majority of brits on this subreddit are not siding with russia on this and would prefer a ukraine to be fully among the international community of democratic nations and thus broadly have similar views to most other europeans . 
  there have always been some brits that idealise communism , but they represent a tiny minority . 
  most americans on here seem to agree with this position . 
  i think the us position is a bit nuanced because ( i ) this ukraine issue does not involve the us directly in the way it involves europe directly and ( ii ) us are very war-weary right now . 
  that article also says that lviv has declared independence from ukraine . 
  ( i think that is pretty misleading . 
  if this was a real declaration of independence i think we 'd be seeing it reported a lot more extensively in other sources . ), 
  this does n't look quite like they are declaring independence to me . 
  the quote i read :  the executive committee of the lviv region 's council , the people 's rada , is assuming full responsibility for the fate of the region and its citizens . 
  falls short of a declaration of independence . 
  this is a far cry from wanting recognition as an independent nation by the international community . 
  not saying they wo n't go there , just that they have not gone there yet . 
   the netherlands , sweden , britain refuse to sign off eu 2012 books we missed a trick here by not getting denmark and finland on side ... 
  the budget hawks ( uk , sweden and the netherlands ) is just too small a group . 
  good luck to sweden and the netherlands once uk brexits ... 
   finance minister jeroen dijsselbloem wants the eu 's audit office to publish the error rate on a country by country basis - i am astonished that this does not already happen . 
   3 . she 's not wrong . 
  if everybody 's dumb as shit why would you want them to vote ? 
  presumably you think she is wrong and that dumb as shit people should have the vote ? 
   do n't worry it 's alright . 
  it 's an old french tradition to have europe against you , surely life is more peaceful on no-potato island . 
  and it is a more recent tradition for the french to have britain in agreement with you . 
   i something similair like this ended up in the courtroom in my country . 
  and the conclusion was that it is legal to hyperlink . 
  hyperlinking is a slightly different thing from translating a text and then publishing that translation though . 
  there are more risks inherent in a translation as the translation might change the meaning of the orginal text . 
  ( though i do n't pretend to be an expert on ip law . ), 
   it 's legal to hyperlink google translated articles is n't it ? 
  so why would n't it be legal to post self-translated articles ? 
  i 'm not an intellectual property specialist , but it would not surprise me if there were legal complications here . 
  after all , if i wrote something and then someone translated it and published that translation without my permission , i imagine i might have some legal action against them . 
  i would certainly advise checking the legal position before setting up a site specifically for translations . 
  dude , as mentioned to you in my earlier post , decentralisation ( aka subsidiarity ) is an explicit part of the eu treaties . 
  there 's no point centralising things just for the sake of it and there is no reason why centralisation per se is a good thing . 
  whether particular policy / legislation should be centralised should be decided on an issue by issue basis . 
  things that are centralised that could be managed better locally should , self-evidently , be decentralised . 
  no , decentralisation does not equal abandoment . 
  one of the key constitutional principles of eu legislation ( article 5 ( 3 ) teu ) is subsidiarity , which in theory mitigates against centralisation . 
  an emphasis on subsidiarity is exactly what the eu needs right now . 
   the land of a country should only be allowed to belong to citizens of that country . 
  do you think foreign investment helps economies ? 
   almost any discussion involving reform in the eu is going to involve centralization and integration . 
  why ? 
  why is reform just about centralisation ? 
  thanks . 
  i agree that there is a correlation between contact with foreigners and attitudes towards foreigners and the distribution of voting patterns is , as you say , interesting . 
  my main point is that almost every european who has criticised this decision by switzerland as being xenophobic believes that there should be limits on immigration into their country from outside the eu . 
  as a matter of principal i do n't think we can really condemn the swiss for wanting limits on immigration when we also want limits on immigration ourselves . 
  if we accept that our own desires for limitation are rational , then perhaps we should consider that the swiss desires might be rational too . 
  or if we think the swiss desires are xenophobic , perhaps we should admit to being xenophobes ourselves . 
   remember that this did n't happen the first time and is n't the only piece of evidence . 
  we have every reason to believe that a sizeable part of the swiss population is just that . 
  i was n't able to access your link , but obviously as a liberal i do n't think the state should limit the building of religious buildings and so forth ... 
  but i do n't think switzerland is unusual here . 
  i see a desire to legislate against islam all over europe ( with bans on the face veil , bans on circumcision , bans on halal slaughter and so forth ) . 
   considering that the regions with the most foreigners did n't vote for the initiative , one could think so . 
  i think xenophobia is a slightly clumbsy term to descrive people that want some control over immigration ( or in the case of switzerland , people who have voted for a variation to that control ) . 
  after all , every country in the world has some controls on immigration . 
  for example , germany has limits on immigration from outside the eu and the reasons for these limits and controls might be rational , rather than based on prejudice . 
  just as i would n't conclude that a german who was in favour of the current german limits on immigration ( from outside the eu ) is a xenophobe , i probably also would n't conclude that a swiss person , who voted for the limits in the referendum , was a xenophobe . 
   no , you are conflating europe and the eu , the title does nothing of the sort . 
  i guess i am responding to this comment of yours , that implied that izzard was specifically unlike people that are n't pro eu , rather than people that `` do n't love all things european '' :  that there are people who are n't pro-eu in other european countries does n't stop there being ones in the uk , that izzard is ` unlike ' . 
   it 's very simple logic here . 
  there are british people who are not lovers of all things european . 
  eddie izzard loves all things european , ergo he is unlike some of his countrymen . 
  because he probably does n't love all things european . 
  he probably does n't love the european role in colonialisation . 
  or slavery . 
  or the european role in wars in iraq and afghanistan . 
  also , there are people in every part of europe who do n't love all things european . 
  so even if we were to accept that izzard did love all things european , it would make more sense to juxtapose him with people who did n't like all things european rather than specifically british people who did n't like all things european . 
   but most of them have been in a political fraternity and have been in politics for most of their careers . 
  the point is that they invested lots of their time and effort into becoming politicians . 
  personally i think that a parliament better represents an electorate if there is a diversity of experience within that parliament . 
  there is a risk , if a parliament is made up predominantly of career politicians and people within the political fraternity , that that parliament is less well able to represent people who have a different background .
