  italians continue to be significantly more europhile than the french , though euroscepticism is increasing in italy as it continues to perform poorly economically and is in the frontline of the refugee crisis . 
   oh come on trucidator : this list goes on and on and on . 
  there has been a lot of upheavel about the netherlands not getting its way in the council over the past years , but in the end everyone closed ranks ( save the pvv ) and accepted that this is how europe works . 
  if the list goes on and on , mention a few of them . 
   funny you say that when six parliaments have just called for a european federation : the article mentioned the presidents of four parliaments , rather than six . 
  however , i 'm afraid that this simply illustrates the vast gulf emerging between the eurocratic elites and the european peoples . 
  not one of the governments of these countries is really proposing for the eu treaties to be modified . 
  i do n't also see this passing a referendum in france for example . 
   who says we 'll care about the uk when they 're out ? 
  there is no such thing as `` we '' any more . 
  there is a range of different eu countries with different interests , some of whom will care far more than others . 
  just the eu has found it impossible to work out a coherent position on the eurozone crisis and the schengenzone crisis , it will also find it impossible to get a coherent position in relation to the british question . 
  the uk remains the reu 's largest export market . 
   the world is full of allies who have n't been concentrating in the last 30 years on being just america 's friends . 
  the usa is alled with virtually every european country . 
  so i have no idea what point you are trying to make . 
  the uk will remain allied with as much of the peaceful , liberal , democratic world as possible . 
   plus , the us needed an insider in europe , and if you bail on that , what would the uk be to the us i 'd like to know ... obviously , it is in the us interest for the uk to be in the eu . 
  ( do n't write europe when you mean the eu please ! ), 
  however , the uk should obviously follow the british interest rather than the american interest . 
   it works both ways you know . 
  you ca n't have all the advantages without the disadvantages : the uk has found out the tragic truth to it by now . 
  no , we have not found this out . 
  there is no need to have disadvantages in the eu . 
  what disadvantages has the netherlands had ? 
   yes , just accept your quota from germany and enjoy the lower payments  ( which you wo n't even feel ) . 
  no , i was more thinking that the uk does n't accept quotas and then has to pay less into the uk budget because eu funds get cut ... 
   yeah , that remains to be seen ... 
  even if there is no say in eu decision making , it is still in my view a better place than the current eu ( i agree with the swiss on this point ) . 
  however , ther uk will be negotiating from a position of huge strength and can get a better deal than that . 
  wow - does this mean that the uk has to pay less into the eu ? 
  sounds good to me . 
   a club where you have to follow eu laws but do n't have any say in eu law making . 
  this will change when the uk joins it ... 
  there are no plans to introduce id cards in the uk at the moment ... 
  in the uk there are no id cards . 
  this is the fault of the german language . 
  merkel probably said something along the lines of `` all refugees to germany absolutely very welcome are forbidden '' , but people did n't listen to the end of the sentence . 
  german sentence structure is too confusing for non-germans , the important words should be at the beginning , not the end . 
  i hope so, 
  quite right too . 
   why is it the uk 's responsibility to provide the military power for other countries at expense to itself ? 
  we have a moral duty to help our allies ( because of our wealth and our history , we are more capable of an effective military and nuclear deterrent than they are ) . 
  we also gain from having nuclear weapons as it effectively means we keep our unsc seat and have greater hard power around the globe . 
   is britain really in a position to need a nuclear deterant ? 
  there are n't really any countries who want to invade britain and also would have the capacity to invade britain if we dismantled trident . 
  the purpose of the uk 's nuclear deterrent is not just to protect the uk but also the uk 's allies ( many of whom are much more at risk of being invaded than the uk ) . 
   i think that while 160.000 is the overall target , there were basically two proposals . 
  the original one for 40.000 and a new one for 120.000 . 
  so they agreed on the first , while the second one from what media says is fairly unlikely to go through at least today . 
  yes , on reflection i think that must be right . 
  the fact that the second proposal is n't going through today likely illustrates a different kind of a failure ... 
  this seems like a failure . 
  40,000 is way lower than the target . 
  also , only greece and italy and not hungary ... 
   it 's also sleazy and manipulative as fuck honestly , corbyn has let this happen by not going on the airwaves on sunday . 
  the conservative party do n't owe corbyn any favours . 
  they want to win the next election . 
  and with corbyn in power and the relentless attacks that conservative central office is going to have against him from now on , they almost certainly will win it . 
   funding the camps would genuinely be a better , cheaper , more humanitarian option than waiting for people to haphazardly hike across half of europe though . 
  i quite agree . 
  the uk , after refusing to participate in quotas and demanding that the rest of the eu instead funds refugee camps , is now openly trolling the rest of the eu . 
  good times . 
  this is sensible politics by the conservative party . 
  frame your opponent before he has a chance to frame himself . 
  there will be brits who woke up this morning and thought `` who is this corbyn guy ? '', 
  the conservatives are there to answer their questions . 
  lol . 
  senior french politicians are now openly calling for schengen to be reworked ... 
   the strange thing is that hungary is rejecting a quota system which would relocate a large number of the people currently in the country . 
   apparently . 
  lets hope you get your borders close asap . 
  we need some pressure on hungary for them to accept the quota system this will not work . 
  the quota system is meant to be helping hungary . 
  if they do n't like it when it meant to be helping them , they are not going to like it when you `` pressurise '' them . 
   it 's the best source of information we have . 
  when trying to ascertain the truth , it is worth considering every available source and considering the bias of each . 
  this means also considering the media and random redditors ... 
   law student if only ... 
   i assume by your activity level on reddit that you 're a corporate counsel . 
  hahaha . 
  i 'm in private practice ... 
   is anyone in europe still giving any fucks about the law ? 
  i 'm british and a lawyer . 
  i am still giving a fuck ... 
   the other one is the khmer rogue . 
  i do n't even recommend googling it . 
  i agree . 
  i ca n't get my head round how humanity is capable of the killing fields . 
  it is incredibly depressing . 
  i also agree that there should n't be some kind of competition for which was the greatest evil . 
  however , in my mind the point made by the hungarian jewish council about the current situation is a valid one ... 
  we have to stop the boats . 
  very sensible people , poles . 
  argentina does not want to discuss this issue with the falklanders . 
  the falkanders do not want to submit to agentine juridisdiction . 
  so there can be no middle ground . 
  self-determination of a people is too important to ignore . 
  this is a big deal for british people . 
  people care about this .
