  the third phase of eu sanctions against russia , which have only just been agreed , reducing russian state-owned institutions ' access to western capital markets , will have far more impact . 
  all of those russian state-owned institutions ( vtb , sperbank etc ) are listed in london . 
  openeurope 's argument relates to these particular sanctions . 
  i 'm afraid your links do n't contradict openeurope 's argument . 
  it seems like the links you have provided are saying that the revisions in growth relate to the ukraine crisis generally , rather than sanctions on russia . 
  openeurope 's argument is that the uk will disproportionately feel the effects of the sanctions on russia . 
  the links that you have provided do n't contradict the openeurope argument . 
   of the eu15 , yes it is . 
  even in the eu28 , who is less integrated ? 
  [ see page 3 of the brief of the study . 
  the united kingdom is in the top half of the table . 
  if you 've lived in the uk before i am sure you will find it even easier to get a job here , if that is what you want . 
   bottom of the table is uk . 
  least integrated = least beneficial your analysis is flawed because the uk is n't the least integrated . 
   i dont understand how thats relevant to their journalistic legitimacy ? 
  the telegraph takes a right of centre and eusceptic editorial line and is therefore disliked by much of r/europe which is left of centre and euphile . 
   german growth has already been revised downward as a result of lost business opportunities in russia , while uk growth continues to increase . 
  out of interest , do you have any citation for german growth being downgraded as a result of lost business opportunities in russia ? 
  yesterday i wrote that [ it was possible to find a job in the uk in 48 hours ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2c0v54/cameron_cuts_eu_migrants_unemployment_and_child/ ) . 
  i would be interested in testing this theory . 
  if you can organise transport to london and some accommodation when you get here ( perhaps you have lithuanian friends already here ? ), 
  i reckon i can ensure that you get a job very quickly - especially if you are happy to do almost anything . 
   however i just say that the euro will sooner or later break apart if the political establishment of these two countries does not take the emu treaties which they have signed more serious . 
  we will see what happens . 
  reforms are incredibly difficult in france and italy and i can not see that changing with the current french and italian governments . 
  it is also possible that the germany eventually realises that it will have to agree to eurobonds and fiscal transfers . 
   i hope it 's going to be as easy as you say , my flight leaves next wednesday . 
  starting uni there but i 'll need a job to sustain myself for more than a few months . 
  if you are moving to london or anywhere in the south east and are n't too fussy with what work you do , i guarantee you will find a job very quickly . 
  finding somewhere to live is the difficulty ... 
   both are still rather looking for new ways and excuses to make new debts instead of fundamentally reform their economies and make them fit for the future . 
  the difficulty is that both france and italy have elected governments that are not really committed to austerity or the types of reforms you want to see . 
  french and italian policy should be dictated by the french and italian electorate , rather than the views of the german electorate . 
  ( otherwise we are going to end up with worse problems . ), 
   nothing wrong with this . 
  we will see where this ends up , though the telegraph are reporting that the commission will investigate it . 
   when you say that the govt has been trying , where did they meet opposition from on this matter ? 
  i 'm not sure where it ended up , but the uk government met strong opposition from the [ eu commission ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/plan-to-cut-child-benefit-paid-to-eu-migrants-will-be-vetoed-says-brussels-9054566.html ) and i think also the polish government . 
   i do n't know many romanians who go to the uk with their whole family from the start . 
  the people that i know about that have kids , have left their kids back home , with their grandparents , until they can earn enough money to support their family by themselves , and only then bring them over to the uk . 
  child benefit paid by the uk government does not take into account the location of the children . 
  therefore eu immigrants in the uk get child benefit even if their children are back in their home countries . 
  this is something that the current uk government have been trying to change . 
  feel free not to explain yourself . 
  however , if you normally use a different account ( but wo n't say which one ) and have only ever used this account to post a somewhat improbable story , do n't be surprised if it looks like you 're trolling . 
   i do n't use my account that much the mrs uses her account more so i go on hers you do n't use your account at all . 
  this is your fourth post with it . 
  if you normally use another account then this one is by definition a troll account . 
  what is the user-name of the account you usually use ? 
  your comment does not look remotely like a genuine experience i 'm afraid . 
  added to that , it is your only substantive comment on reddit other than one post saying `` nice baby '' a month ago . 
  troll account . 
  if you write things like `` french socialist values and stagnate into irrelevance '' about the eu on r/europe you always get downvotes . 
   you would probably kick the child out of the hospital and out of school , as well . 
  of course , i would n't . 
   yeah , because its clearly some 3-year-old who should suffer , because the parents came to the uk . 
  free movement is for workers . 
  if you have a three year-old who is going to suffer in the uk , then maybe it makes sense not to come to the uk ? 
  nobody is forced to move to the uk are they ? 
   true , but not in the two years before that . 
  if you look at the unemployment statistics , the uk has not recovered until mid 2013 whereas germany 's unemployment went down in 2010 already . 
  so yes . 
  if you set `` jobs created '' to the number you defined with those numbers then indeed , the uk is leading , because the uk is two years behind germany which `` created '' those jobs a little bit earlier . 
  [ this is the data for q1 2010 compared to q1 2014 ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/submitviewtableaction.do ) . 
  if you compare these two periods , total german jobs have gone from 40.012 to 41.718 ( or an increase in 1.726 million jobs ) , whereas total uk jobs have gone from 28.712 to 30.341 ( or an increase in 1.629 million jobs ) , so germany is ahead for the four year period . 
  however , given the current speed with which the uk is creating jobs it is likely that the uk overtakes germany in the next few months . 
   what about indians , arabians , somalians , afghans and other numerous non european nations that live in uk ? 
  why is cameron ignoring them ? 
  nationals from non eu nations are already not entitled to the same benefits as uk citizens . 
   you ca n't see that from the graph for austria , i have no idea for the uk . 
  in austria the employment varies from quarter to quarter because of seasonal workers . 
  unless you say job destroyed in spring and created in fall counts as `` creating a job '' it 's very hard to judge from these statistics . 
  you would have to average it out over multiple years and compared it to the size of the population in which case you essentially end up with the unemployment rate . 
  did you look at the link ? 
  i specifically used data from q1 2012 and q1 2014 , to minimise the impact of seasonal workers . 
  it is actually very clear from these statistics that more than a million jobs have been created in the uk in the last two years . 
  also , when discussing job creation of itself , the size of the population is not relevant . 
  the good news for eu migrants to the uk is that it is actually incredibly easy to get a job in the uk right now . 
  if you are happy to do relatively unskilled work , ( bars and restaurants , cleaning , manual labour , agriculture ) , i reckon i could find you a job within 48 hours , even if you have very little english . 
  if you would rather do something a little more skilled ( business development , clerical , digital marketing , nursing , it ) , provided you are reasonably competent in job interviews and have some basic experience or can show evidence of a willingness to learn , you can probably find a job in the greater london area in around two weeks . 
  [ in the last two years , the uk has created 1.16 million jobs and the rate of job creation is still extremely strong , whereas the rest of the eu has lost 0.79 million jobs ( and this trend is only just starting to slow ) . 
  ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=lfsi_grt_q&amp;lang=en ) tl ; dr if you are out of work in the rest of the eu , but want to work , it makes sense to consider moving to the uk for work . 
  edit - data from eurostat linked . 
   but he said `` jobs created '' not unemployment rate going down . 
  austria for instance has a consistently low unemployment rate but it 's entirely unrelated to the number of jobs available because the demand and the supply of workforce does not match each other . 
  i 'm wondering because i 'm pretty sure austria has no statistics for `` jobs created '' . 
  all countries have statistics for the total number of people employed - these figures tend not to be the headlines in newspapers , unlike unemployment rates . 
  [ see this data from eurostat and hopefully the link works . 
  ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=lfsi_grt_q&amp;lang=en ) looking at the figures between q1 2012 and q1 2014 , eu28 has gone from 222.280 to 222.658 million jobs , or an increase of 378 thousand jobs . 
  during the same period the uk has gone from 29.178 to 30.341 million jobs , or an increase of 1.163 million jobs . 
  austria is also creating new jobs . 
  i 'm afraid your rent might go up if the housing bubble collapses . 
  real estate prices and rental prices are not really correlated . 
   and now you have wherever you live ? 
  uk is yours country as eu is yours union . 
  there is no difference between giving power to brussels or to london , you give those powers to your representatives . 
  however , economic conditions diverge vastly around the eu and there is no mechanism for fiscal transfers in the eu . 
  this makes monetary policy difficult . 
  economic conditions do not diverge so massively in the uk and also we have a system of fiscal transfers . 
   well having 3.2 % for such short time is n't exactly reason to get medal yet .
