   have you ever even met a texan before ? 
  i 've shared an office with one for quite a while . 
   but the constant talk about it is actually hurting britain 's status in europe . 
  british people want a referendum . 
  this is democracy . 
  if that hurts the uk 's status in the eu , i do not care . 
  it sounds like the eu being afraid of democracy . 
  there was nobody in the ruk who thought scotland should n't have a referendum . 
   the city will most likely be disadvantaged as the loudest voice agianst financial regulation has just voted to leave . 
  the uk should ensure that the eu does not regulate the city when we leave the eu , to ensure that london can compete with new york and singapore . 
   this ( announcement of ) a referendum is a lose-lose for britain . 
  since the uk announced the refererendum , the uk 's economy has grown strongly , there has been huge foreign direct investment into the uk and the uk has created more jobs than the rest of the eu put together . 
  hundreds of thousands of reuropeans have moved from the reu to the uk . 
   if you 're comparing texas to other southern states then they share a lot of things in common , but if you 're comparing them to other regions in the us the difference is stark . 
  originally you brought up california , which is nothing like texas at all . 
  actually , another poster brought up california . 
  however , if your point is that texas shares a lot of things in common with other states , i find it odd that you think this `` peoples '' is primarily a texan one rather than a `` southern one '' . 
   it does n't seem like you actually know very much at all about the us if you really believe it 's that homogenous . 
  i have not argued that it is homogenous . 
  i am arguing that it is more homogenous than europe is . 
   and more than anything else , i would argue that the strength of any particular identity is dictated by the group itself and measured by their willingness to assimilate into other cultures . 
  when texans move around the states they assimilate very quickly . 
  the easily marry people from other states . 
  second generation texans in other states are totally indistinguishable from other americans . 
   you bring up germans , but they 're very pro `` europe '' overall and being a nationalist and taking pride in their ethnicity is strongly looked down upon , whereas texans are pretty fanatical and even fascist when it comes to upholding and reinforcing their identity . 
  i think fascist is completely the wrong word here . 
   yeah we already had that happen it did not happen . 
  clegg came out with his usual b/s about 3 million jobs depending on eu membership . 
  this is not true . 
   the thing is that i would still go for it , simply because i do not trust other countries ` democratic process ' as much as you . 
  growing up i 've seen the us , in the '90s seen as the prime example and harbinger of democracy , do very undemocratic things . 
  i 've been to brazil , a very democratic yet still very corrupt country . 
  there 's turkey , that was doing so well going for the first democratic muslim majority country until it all turned around recently . 
  there 's india , that is ` the largest democratic country ' but from what i 've heard from people living there it 's not working out that well . 
  then there 's the rise in power of non-democratic countries , another worrying development , especially for your plan . 
  the thing is , my main concern is british democracy . 
  i appreciate that many other countries in the world have imperfect democracies . 
  but this is not a reason for the uk to be part of the eu given that my position is that this undermines british democracy . 
   this is what bothers me most . 
  if the uk leaves , they do n't get to say anything about what the rest of the eu does . 
  on a range of things the uk and the reu will collaborate to mutual interest . 
  take sanctions on russia for example . 
  it is both the uk 's interests and the reu 's interests to reach agreement here . 
   and this is why i do n't believe in the ` sailing alone with good relations ' stuff . 
  there are many countries in the world that do this , e.g. 
  norway , switzerland , iceland , canada , south korea , japan , australia , new zealand , singapore , chile ... 
  the uk would be like one of them , except more powerful than all of them . 
   if you 're not strong enough to resist you might as well bend over . 
  the uk is not a weak country . 
   texans would emphatically disagree . 
  and who decides the strength of an identity if not the group itself ? 
  this is not an exact science . 
  but anyone with a brain can do some analysis and reach an opinion . 
  we can look at things like the presence of a national language . 
  we can look at whether texans have the same religion as others from the deep south . 
  we can ask ourselves what texan literature or philosophy means , what texan pop music is . 
  we can ask ourselves how easy it would be for a texan to move to tennesee from a cultural exchange perspective . 
   that is , mutatis mutandis , what the scottish are saying about the uk , ironically . 
  and i am very glad that they had a referendum about it . 
  i also would welcome a further referendum on the scottish question at a sensible time in the future . 
   that is a bit selective to be honest : the pound was in heavy weather before the onset of the economic crisis . 
  it fell almost 30 % in the period 2006-2008 , only to recover to its current exchange rate while mainland europe keeps struggling with its economy . 
  this was a good thing . 
  the pound was overpriced . 
  i want the pound to be able to correct itself when it is overpriced or underpriced . 
  the uk economy and the eurozone economy are not harmonised - look at what is happening now . 
  that is why the uk should not have the same currency as the eurozone . 
   which data are you using ? 
  [ i 'm using a report from le figaro , which claims that the figures are on the commission website . 
  i have not checked the underlying figures , but will beliebe le figaro ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/conjoncture/2015/01/06/20002-20150106artfig00448-la-france-a-perdu-sa-place-de-cinquieme-puissance-economique-mondiale.php ), 
   i 'm sorry but you 're wrong about the texas/california thing . 
  texas is very different from the rest of the union and they consider people from other states to basically be foreigners . 
  i do n't mean any disrespect , and i 'm not looking for a debate on the topic , but their independent streak and unique identity as texans is well established and widely known in the united states . 
  i agree that we are moving off topic here and also i am not interested in a debate . 
  i agree that compared to many of the other states in the usa , texan indentity is a strong identity . 
  i just do n't think that its identity is anything like as strong as irish identity or scottish identity or german identity . 
   and find the ` good relations with all major powers ' idea a bit overoptimistic . 
  obviously , the uk can not control everything and will not always be in agreement with others . 
  the key is to try and stay allied with the democratic world . 
  ultimately i trust the democratic process . 
  i think most countries that are democracies will be pleased to count the uk among their allies . 
  if the uk can not keep good relations with an expansionist undemocratic russia , that is just too bad !, 
   but i must say this : you are literally the first ` eurosceptic ' that does n't come across as either uninformed ( the majority ) , deluded or batshit insane racist . 
  i will take this in the spirit that it was intended , but note that there are many many sincerely informed eusceptics in the uk . 
   have read your other posts in this thread and i am happy you avoid common fallacies of the usual eurosceptic . 
  it is cool , such a union must be based on the free will of nations anyway . 
  many thanks . 
   one thing that struck me when i wrote the previous paragraph - it seems to me most eurosceptics in uk are not as nuanced as you are . 
  there is a risk that a uk that chooses to leave the eu might be a bigoted and populist one , thus providing you with the worst of both worlds . 
  i am not sure how closely you follow the debate , but i am not really convinced that the internet is always the best place for it !, 
  however , as for biggotted opinions , note that on this sub i have somewhat frequently been called racist , homophobe etc - in fact i often see these kinds of insults used as a way of trying to discredit euscepticism . 
  it does seem that humanity in general is not capable of polite debates on the internet !, 
  in someways i understand it though . 
  in my mind the debate about uk 's position in europe is of critical importance and has been for centuries . 
  given that involves questions of national identity , it unsurprising that people consider it also from an emotional perspective . 
   there is a risk that a uk that chooses to leave the eu might be a bigoted and populist one , thus providing you with the worst of both worlds . 
  if the uk ends up leaving the eu for a bigotted reason , i would consider that it had done the right thing for the wrong reason . 
  i consider that to be better than doing the wrong thing for the right reason . 
   also the reality is that the council still holds way more power , which is much more undemocratic . 
  you can ask the greeks , spanish , portuguese and irish .
