  most of the non-public data is confidential . 
  that is true . 
  there are many people who think she has been our greatest peace-time pm in the last century and i am one of those people . 
  ( i see peace-time because she probably is not quite in churchill 's league . ), 
  am i missing something ? 
  what access to latin america does madrid have that london does n't have ? 
  vote leave obviously had data on number of volunteers registering etc. 
  i had access to that data . 
  i must admit that from a cultural perspective paris and london are both on a totally different level from frankfurt . 
  if the main attraction of paris is that it is near london ... 
  i think there is a reasonable chance that the french elections will end the pretence . 
  there is also a reasonable chance that turkey ends the pretence itself . 
  i 've not read it recently so perhaps you are right on this . 
  it might be that the uk and us sites have different editorial stances . 
  personally i do n't think it is going to possible to sustain the pretence for much longer . 
  i would agree with / u/metailurus that breitbart is extremely niche in the uk . 
  i think they have a very small readership . 
  my politics is right leaning / free marketeering / libertarian ( so in some ways i am their demographic ) but i never read their material as it is almost always low quality . 
  i suspect that it wo n't be very close . 
  the government will whip the tories . 
  most labour mps will probably vote for an agreement rather than no agreement . 
  but who knows !, 
  there is lots of water to go under the bridge until then . 
  i think we are broadly in agreement . 
  the obama intervention did have a impact , but in the context of the referendum as a whole not a very significant one and not in the direction that it was intended to have . 
   if we extrapolate your logic , you could say there 's no such thing as an undemocratic state , because millions of people could theoretically bring down even the most ruthless dictator or autocratic regime . 
  so if there are dictatorial regimes it automatically must mean the vast majority of people agree with them because otherwise they would bring them down , right ? 
  i do n't think this is the same thing at all . 
  for an undemocratic state there is no way that a people can bring down a government by voting . 
  in the uk the we have regular elections and regular changes of government . 
  the ability of parliament to bring down the government at any time is also a long-standing part of the uk constitution and frequently governments have been brought down in this way . 
  it is not theoretical but real . 
  this forces governments to consider the views of parliament at all times . 
  there wo n't be a deal between the uk and the eu at all . 
  the obama intervention was an interesting feature of the referendum . 
  in terms of personal anecdotes , as someone who helped vote leave with local co-ordination ( thereby with access to vote leave data ) there was a significant increase in registration of volunteers in the immediate aftermath of the intervention . 
  it was also observed that there was a noticeable move in opinion polling after obama 's intervention . 
  obviously , i expect farage 's interventions into other country 's referendums etc to have also been counterproductive . 
  this is the normal uk constitutional position of parliament voting to ratify treaties that have been signed by the government . 
  obviously , there is a theoretical chance that parliament will refuse to ratify the deal . 
   does euro clearing have network effects ? 
  the network effects are in clearing generally rather than specifically in euro clearing . 
   silent approval as argument when it comes to this is bit silly what is silly about it ? 
  if parliament does not approve of the government they will bring it down . 
  there is no need for a formal mandate if there is informal consent . 
  the entire uk constitution and legal system is based on informal mechanisms being in place rather than formal mechanisms . 
  it reflects the uk 's unwritten constitution and the common law . 
  italians ( and other knowledgeable people ... ) - do statements by obama have weight in italy ? 
  this kind of statement would not have weight in the uk , even if the criticisms of eu austerity are justified . 
   theresa may never received a mandate by parliament , only by monarch . 
  she never stood before parliament to have her government approved and she got leadership position in conservative party only because she was sole candidate in 2nd round . 
  in the uk constitution parliament do not vote for the government . 
  but parliament can bring the government down at any moment that the have no confidence in the government . 
  every day that parliament allows the government to continue is effectively a confirmation that they have confidence in the government . 
  the comments made by cameron prior to the general election were clear , that a referendum was a red line . 
  [ clegg continuously refrained from confirming that he would veto a referendum . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/apr/15/nick-clegg-refuses-to-veto-in-out-eu-referendum ), 
   and all polling was pointing towards a hung parliament where he could jettison that policy for what would have been understandable reasons . 
  even in the case of a hung parliament , the referendum would have likely occurred . 
  the referendum was more of a red line for the tories than it was for the lib dems . 
  looking at the article i think it is primarily a news piece reporting the views of the think-tank rather than specifically endorsing them . 
  though i do agree with you generally that the guardian is happy to adopt all kinds of contradictory positions constantly . 
  to me the key interesting statistic is public support . 
  greek public support for the euro is significantly higher than italian public support for the euro . 
  inflation rates do n't stop at a percentage any more than time stops at a particular moment . 
  there is no evidence that putin funds ukip . 
  given the way political party funding in the uk is so highly regulated , we would know if he did . 
  let 's condemn putin for his actual crimes - we do n't need to invent any to suit an agenda . 
  russia did not help with brexit . 
  funding for the referendum was highly regulated . 
  edit - my comment is not deflecting from your general point that russia does a lot of shady shit . 
  but we have nothing to gain from pretending that they have done shit that they have not done . 
  merkel is right . 
  sanctions work best where the largest coalition possible commit to them . 
  hopefully the entire western world can speak with one loud voice on this . 
  i could be wrong ( and am on a mobile and too lazy to look it up ) but the reduced vat call rates for ned , swe etc are linked to the uk 's rebate , so to the extent that the uk falls away , their compensation mechanisms fall away . 
  in a sense all this is moot - the eu budget does need a substantial overhaul and hopefully they will use the opportunity to overhaul it . 
  investors and speculators are really the same thing . 
  iirc only uk has a rebate , but other countries ( ned , ger etc ) have a rebate on the uk 's rebate ( which effectively amounts to a rebate ) . 
  what happens to those countries will be interesting ... 
  your own souce does not say that ukip are linked to russia . 
  there has never been evidence of links between ukip and russia . 
  thanks very much - will be interesting to follow . 
  there were allegations that she supported the eu and allegations that she did not support . 
  given this , silence was the best policy . 
  scots wo n't be gone , they will stay !, 
  they love us almost as much as you do !, 
  also , my grandmother is from cork ( but lives in uk ) and my cousins live in kinsale and all of them will be voting for me , so i am not sure what your problem is !, 
  you probably even know my cousins !, 
  irish people are elible !, 
  ok , let 's get this show on the road . 
  you can be my campaign manager . 
   edit : funny thing , for all your praises of old english and the brexiters general disdain for everything german , old english is basically nothing more than a germanic dialect . 
  do brexiteers have disdain for german things ? 
  i voted leave and i love germany almost as much as i love france !, 
  old english is of course a germanic language , closest of all to frisian and flemish . 
  even today the fundamentals of the english language are very germanic indeed . 
  we just got rid of a lot of the grammar and difficult stuff !, 
  i 'm a monarchist !, 
  other than that i see no problems in your ideas whatsoever .
