  homosexuality is a crime in many places again . 
  say goodbye to virtually every civic project ever . 
  each of your examples has been overcome by national democracies . 
  the vote was given to women by national democracies . 
  homosexuality has been decriminalised by national democracies . 
  segreation was removed from the south of the us by their national democracy . 
  you arguments lend weight to my support for national democracy . 
   it was that it is a possibility that due to party-politics , or due practical problems or decisions in government , it can be that a local government has not the funds to fund a local project . 
  sweden 's democracy has a system whereby local government is funded . 
  personally i think sweden 's democracy is able to ensure that local government is funded and it is swedish democracy that is the best entity to do this . 
  it seems you think that swedish democracy is not capable of funding local government . 
  i disagree . 
   this is exactly not my position . 
  this is exactly what your position is . 
  you are saying that swedish democracy is not capable of making the correct decision about whether or not a river should be reconstructed . 
  i think swedish democracy is capable of making this decision . 
  that is why you think this decision should be taken away from swedish democacy , whereas i think it should be left with swedish democracy . 
   why is the eu not a democratic solution to a problem inherent in that democracy ? 
  there is no pan-european identity . 
  people in the eu generally have no idea how the eu works , how legislation is made , where power lies . 
  participation in eu elections is very low . 
  most people vote on national issues rather than eu issues . 
  there is no pan-european press effectively holding the eu government to account . 
  there is no sense of opposition in the eu parliament holding the eu government to account . 
  unsurprisingly , the eu causes crisis after crisis . 
   but i can not from an idealistical and practical standpoint agree with absolute subsidiarity . 
  i 've not argued for absolute subsidiarity . 
  in the case of whether or not swedish rivers get reconstructed , i think swedish democracy is capable of making decisions . 
  i think taking this kind of decision away from swedish democracy is very sad . 
   `` this essentially amounts to you being pleased that sweden is undermining your local democracy , taking money from blekinge county and spending it on things that blekingers do n't want . '', 
  decisions should be taken as close as possible to the citizen . 
  there is a question over whether or not the swedish government or the blekinge county government should decide whether or not to reconstruct a river . 
  this question should be something that swedish democracy is capable of deciding and reaching a sensible outcome on . 
  i do n't know why you think this is not something swedish democracy is capable of deciding . 
   but we share deep cultural ties with other european countries . 
  i know that we 're all different , but our values are so intertwined with the rest of europe ( well , western europe at least ) , and throughout history we 've shared monarchs , values , alliances , we 've been at war with each other , we 've been subjects of the same empire , we 've spoken the same language and our citizens have mingled with citizens from other european countries . 
  just these things seem reason enough to consider ourselves european . 
  but for obvious reasons i must point out that i 'm a slightly biased brit , you just need to look at my flair to understand why . 
  i was specifically talking about `` european sense of values '' , rather than identity and cultural ties . 
  i agree that we share deep cultural ties with other european countries ( though some far more than others ) . 
  however , we share stronger cultural ties with some other countries in the world and particularly the anglosphere . 
  each point you make about european countries can be made about those countries too . 
   i do n't know how the tax-system of sweden works , but the point was that , if taxes are collected nationally and redistributed to the local levels , it can happen that a certain level has to make tough choices . 
  all democracies have to make tough choices with spending . 
  however , it a democracy works well , it uses its democratic processes to make these tough choices . 
  you are saying that the question over whether or not rivers in sweden are reconstructed is one that sweden 's democracy should n't make and instead should be made by some other entity outside of sweden . 
   well ... if i do say that , then i think you have a very idealistic view of democracy , if it has to be able to enact and unpopular , but necessary policies and popular policies for which there is maybe no money and the international interests of one country . 
  a country can still be a democracy , even if representatives make unpopular decisions . 
  sweden is a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  the money being spent in sweden by the eu is less than the money that sweden gives the eu . 
  this is not a problem of sweden not having enough money . 
  i think sweden 's democracy is capable of enacting unpopular but necessary measures , we have seen it do this frequently in recent years , with austerity and so forth . 
   theoritical question then : if the democracy ` does not work ' can an institution like the eu undermine it ? 
  i 'm not arguing that sweden 's democracy does not work . 
  this seems to be your position . 
  i think sweden 's democracy does work , though obviously there is no such thing as perfect democracy . 
  in circumstances where a democracy is not working , the correct thing to do is to correct that democracy , rather than take powers away from that democracy . 
  by taking powers away from that democracy there becomes less incentive to fix the democracy and people start to lose confidence in the entire democratic process . 
  local politicians end up blaming eu entities for decisions , people end up being uncertain who is responsible for decisions . 
   second : ca n't you say the same for every lvel of government ? 
  ( the national undermines my regional dmocracy , the regional undermines my local democracy ) decisions should be taken as close to the people as possible . 
  decisions that can be taken further away from the people ( i.e. 
  at a national level ) work well if the people of the nation are happy to suffer common governance with each other . 
  i 'm not convinced this occurs at a european level . 
  in fact , i am sure that it does n't . 
   party-politics come to mind ( can be a biiiig brake on anything that local politicians want ) , or a lack of funds on the right government-level . 
  sweden is a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  sweden has enough money to fund the reconstruction of rivers if that is what it wants to do . 
  if you 're saying that party-politics is an obstacle to achieving things that swedes want , then you are essentially saying that swedish democracy does not work and the eu is needed to correct the decisions made by swedish democracy . 
   democracy , right ? 
  in important cases as environment , where it is important not to get an international competition , it can be extremly useful that you have an institution above you that can force a state to take environmental issues seriusly , even though the local population has other priorities ( like building a new school f.e. ) . 
  essentially you are saying that it is useful that we have an institution that undermines our national democracy . 
  you are agreeing with the point i made . 
  i just happen to disagree with you . 
  i think that the eu , being able to ride over the decisions that a national democracy would like to make , will have devastating consequences . 
   look who wrote it . 
  attacks on other users are a breach of the rules of this sub . 
  please stop . 
   i have no idea what `` european sense of values '' means . 
  agreed . 
  our values , like belief in a liberal democracy with free speech , the rule of law , an independent judiciary and so forth are shared by the entire western world . 
  these are n't some specific european thing . 
   first , you do n't know if that is n't what the local population wanted . 
  if it what the local population wanted , why would n't sweden 's democratic processes fund it ? 
  is there something wrong with sweden 's democracy , such that the eu is required to correct the decisions that sweden 's democracy makes ? 
   third , how is taking money and spending on things people do n't want a problem ? 
  i think every government does that . 
  i do n't like football . 
  i do n't want government-money to go to building stadiums . 
  this does happen though , because some other people want it , creates jobs , etc. 
  some groups in society want it , and we allow it as to not exclude minorities ( i know my example does n't fit this statement , but you get the point ) . 
  there is nothing wrong with a democracy taxing people and spending money on things that some people in that democracy do n't want . 
  however , / u/rapio said that `` sweden would never have prioritised those projects '' . 
  this indicates that either the swedish people do n't want it or that sweden 's democracy is not functioning . 
  neither of these are really reasons for the eu to be taking money from swedes and spending it on projects that sweden would n't fund . 
   you 're creating a false dichotomy between an ( to you ) undemocratic eu and a unified block of swedish citizens . 
  to simplify a more nuanced situation like this is pretty erroneous . 
  i 've not said that swedes are unified . 
  presumably some will want to spend money on reconstructing rivers and some wo n't . 
  that 's the whole point of their democracy , to decide these things .
