  no , europe and the eu are not the same . 
   its part of the `` europe of the nations '' movement , propagated by farage , putin , and golden dawn of greece , among others . 
  pretending that europe and the eu are the same is of course completely incorrect . 
  also , any implication that i share a vision with putin and golden dawn is totally contemptible . 
  it would be tantamount to saying that you share a view with hitler because you want a single european state . 
   i just hope that britain will chose europe in the upcoming referendum i will definitely chose europe in the upcoming referendum , by voting to leave the eu . 
  uk says no to both of these . 
  next ? 
  we 'll vote to leave soon i hope and then totally reform our immigration rules . 
  i 'm not someone who thinks polls are wrong , but i think we should remember that this kind of referendum is a new experience for the netherlands over a somewhat technical matter , so i wonder how much we can rely on them . 
  ( in the uk , for example , i think such a referendum would get a very low turn-out . ), 
  the consequences of a ` no ' vote would be fascinating though . 
  thanks . 
  i guess i was just responding to the other poster who said the other parties would form a majority together . 
  my instinct is to agree with your pvv-vvd-cda claim , though it would have a very different feel from 2012 . 
  could rutte even continue as prime minister ? 
   the big test will be the referendum . 
  over here in the uk some of us will be watching that very closely . 
  a no vote will be a big boost to the `` leave '' campaign . 
   everyone hates the pvv , so the other parties would form a majority together . 
  what , like a government made up of vvd+p vda + d66 + cda+sp+gl ? 
  this does not sound stable to me ... 
   there would n't be one . 
  netherlands can into belgium ? 
  dutch people - on those numbers what on earth will the next government look like ? 
   yet still , some people in the uk would rather reward the people living in slums in calais where they assault truck drivers . 
  luckily these people do n't win elections in the uk . 
  if we vote to remain they will immediately demand more money for their projects . 
  i went to paris over the new year . 
  some of my parisian friends mentioned that they thought that tourism was somewhat diminished and that the feeling of the city was different after the attacks of last year . 
  so , perhaps , some people are changing their behaviour . 
  in my opinion that is n't really rational . 
  for one thing , if we look at statistics , our chances of being hit by terrorism remain vanishingly small compared even to other risks ( like car accidents ) . 
  for another thing , i live in central london . 
  who am i kidding , london is a target in more or less the same way that paris is , unfortunately . 
  i 'm going to continue my holidays as before , thank you very much !, 
   french and german interests in manufacturing would likely mean the installment of tariffs on british manufactured goods . 
  both france and germany export far more to the uk than they import . 
  whether they will want to damage their exports remains to be seen . 
  the aim is to export to as much of the world as possible . 
  this is possible outside the eu ( lots of countries including yours seem to manage this ) . 
  actually all the car manufacturers are saying the same as toyota , which is great . 
  what legislation impacting the uk in a negative way are you referring to ? 
  as for sweden , once the uk leaves the eu , their questioning will be massive . 
  also , i do n't think the uk really wants to lead a bunch of countries in the second tier . 
  i am happy for those countries to make decisions for themselves , using their own democratic processes . 
  i find it weird that you want your country to lead other countries and form them after your own desires . 
  their production levels will depend on how good their technology is and how efficient the workforce is . 
  i do n't think we can predict these commercial questions in advance . 
  of course , not all countries do have the same regulatory framework in all areas . 
  if all countries did have the same regulatory framework , it would not be controversial . 
  ultimately , the extent to which banks should be protected and the way that they should be regulated in a political question and - like all political questions - national democracy should be responsible for it . 
  whether the uk would get a better outcome with the eu if it fully engaged has been tried and tested . 
  for 40 years the uk tried to reform the common agricultural policy , with very poor results . 
  the uk , when it chose to stay out of the euro , began a divorce process with the eu . 
  as long as we stay out of the euro , we will never be seen as truly committed , other member states will resent our opt-out . 
  given that we will never join the euro , it makes sense to leave completely . 
  that way we can let the eu design its own legislation and design our own for ourself . 
  this is in both our interests . 
  you get your federal state and we get our independence . 
  anglo-portuguese alliance , 
  i recall that the european commission sets out on its website the status of eu ring-fencing . 
  [ bloomberg is not very complimentary . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-26/eu-bank-separation-bill-stalls-as-u-k-builds-vickers-fence ), 
  the u.k. has opted out of the eu regime here . 
  i believe the rest of the eu is planning on doing something similar as part of banking union , but it is proceeding slower than the uk 's plans and there is some political disagreement over how it should work and there remains a lot of uncertainty . 
  the uk law is further advanced [ i am on a mobile but i think the boe website has a good summary ] ( http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/pra/pages/supervision/structuralreform/default.aspx ) . 
  in my view the ability of the u.k. to create its own regulatory framework specific to its needs is one of the key reasons for brexit . 
  unfortunately inside the eu our powers are very limited . 
  actually i think banks will be bailed in by investors next time . 
  for one thing , there is a regulatory framework now in the uk requiring this to happen . 
  for another thing , investment banks and retail banks will soon be ring-fenced from each other . 
  i do n't think inflation will stay this low in the uk . 
  energy costs ca n't keep going down !, 
  the increase in uk debt was mainly caused by the banks being bailed out . 
  hopefully next time we wo n't bail them out . 
  they can be bailed in by investors . 
  i agree that it would be better if debt were lower in the uk , so generally we are on the same page . 
  i think it would be more worrisome if uk debt were not denominated in pounds . 
  the uk ultimately has control of the bank of england . 
  inflation over time will eat into this debt . 
  during this parliament the deficit will be cut completely . 
  gdp prospects are relatively good . 
  i think we ca n't turn things round too quickly . 
  this is a terrible shame . 
  it is unsurpising that jews are leaving france in increasing numbers . 
   since the beginning of the crisis , the uk has doubled its debts . 
  you ca n't cut debts if you have a very high deficit . 
  the uk has cut its deficit slowly but steadily since 2010 . 
  have you signed up to voteleave ? 
  i will be in clapham on saturday campaigning . 
  make sure you are part of the campaign . 
   no offense , but in recent times it does n't exactly seem like the british government has the civil liberties of its constituents at heart . 
  nobody is pretending that the british government is perfect . 
  in fact , the reason why we tend to trust the british government is because in elections we can easily get rid of them . 
  elections in britain are ruthless affairs : elections take place on thurdays and typically by friday morning the old government has resigned and the new government has been to see her majesty the queen and moved into downing street . 
  unfortunately with the eu , it does n't seem to be the case that with elections you can really get rid of the `` government '' . 
  however you vote you still end up with the same laws . 
   the current vote will be between `` in but not members of the eurozone or schengen and we probably wo n't ever sign another treaty '' and `` out '' . 
  of these two options , the latter is significantly better .
