  thus , rspain would have a legal right to reject membership of the eu by catalonia . 
  ( of course ruk would have a legal right to veto scotland 's membership , but it is inconceivable that ruk would use this right as scotland being in the eu would be in ruk 's interests . 
  what rspain would do in the case of catalonia is much less certain , though there would be a lot of geopolitical pressure put on them not to veto . ), 
  ( 7 ) as a new state , scotland would not automatically inherit the uk 's existing opt-outs ( of most interest its opt out of the euro and its opt out of schengen ) , whereas ruk , as continuator state , would automatically inherit those opt-outs . 
  in order for scotland to benefit legally from those opt outs , it would need to negotiate them with the eu and get every other member state to accept them . 
  ( i expect that scotland might succeed in negotiating these opt outs and ruk in particular will be keen for them to get the schengen opt out . 
  this is all a bit uncertain though . ), 
  ( 8 ) even if scotland does not get de jure opt outs of the euro and schengen , it might well get de facto opt outs ( like sweden has in relation to the euro ) . 
  though obviously this statement of fact will not be in the legal opinion . 
  obviously , this is the eu we are talking about and also a sensitive political issue as well as being a question of law . 
  so perhaps they will deliberately not be completely clear . 
  however , i would be surprised if the advice contradicts what i have written . 
  edit - i made a few edits ... 
  it does sound like here there is a specific dislike of hollande in addition to there being a general dislike of politicians . 
  the eu has wide competences in relation to criminal law . 
  see [ article 83 of the treaty of eu for example ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:c:2012:326:0047:0200:en:pdf ) . 
  the uk and ireland have not signed up to these competences ( under protocol 21 ) . 
  the united kingdom is not participating in this directive . 
  uk criminal law already covers all the market abuse offences and , indeed , goes further by , for example , capturing market abuse that is committed recklessly ( that is , in addition to market abuse committed intentionally ) . 
  the uk is considering opting in at a later stage , depending on where discussions get to on the rest of the mad legislative debate . 
   anyway , back to the point . 
  the treaty , as i said , is neither common law nor civil law but public international law . 
  from what i know in public international law the true will of the parties is something courts seek to determine . 
  i do not have a source for this but how else would treaties , which are notoriously vague ( as opposed to the very detailed agreements concluded under common law ) , be interpreted ? 
  further , in public international law even preparatory works and minutes of negotiations are used by courts ( again , i do not have source for this but i 'm fairly certain i could provide with a bit of effort ) . 
  uk , with such an illustrious tradition in public international law , could surely not claim it has been duped into signing a treaty with a poisonous preamble . 
  i agree with you that the treaty of european union should be interpreted according to public international law . 
  i also agree with you that under public international law , preambles have a legal effect ( though the exact nature of that legal effect is uncertain , as i am sure you will agree ) . 
  i also agree that when the uk joined the then eec , the uk government knew that the `` ever closer union '' preamble was present in the treaty and that it had a legal effect . 
  my main problem with `` ever closer union among the peoples of europe '' is that it is difficult to say exactly what it means and therefore its legal effect is very uncertain . 
  you and i , both being lawyers , might not agree on what these words mean !, 
  for example , one possible interpretation of this provision could be ( 1 ) that the long-term aim of the eu is to establish a federal europe and to eliminate the nation state ( and some european politicals , such as guy verhofstadt often make this case ) . 
  an alternative interpretation of this provision could be ( 2 ) that the aim is to eliminate barriers to trade and barriers movement and thereby allow different peoples in europe to live along side each other in peace and harmony without eliminating the nation state ( and this is the position that i personally prefer ) . 
  ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) have very different outcomes , but they both are potential interpretations of the same provision . 
  as a common law lawyer , i have always been taught to write legal documents that have no provisions in them that can have more than one possible meaning . 
  english courts have a long tradition of striking out vague and uncertain provisions from legal documents because they are unenforceable . 
  that is why my strong preference would be to remove `` ever closer union among the people 's of europe '' from the treaties and write something else , with a clearer and more certain meaning . 
  that way , we would never need to argue about it . 
  if the real intention is a federal europe , why do n't we write exactly that within the treaties ? 
  if the intention is not to have a federal europe , again i would prefer that this was written clearly . 
   as for your last argument , i still do n't see how maintaining uk 's status justifies another referendum . 
  you will have to have some sort of relationship with the eu whether it becomes more federal or not . 
  why not stay as you are now ? 
  you know damn well all the red tape talk is bullshit . 
  if it were n't for brussels red tape you would simply get more at national level . 
  eea would not work for you just as it did n't before you joined eec . 
  negotiating a free trade agreement with the eu would certainly not get you a very good deal as you do n't have enough clout and to think you could do without is absurd in nowadays world . 
  so tell me , what do you propose ? 
  in practice , most people are n't lawyers and will not follow these legal arguments that you and i might have . 
  when the uk had the referendum in 1977 , the british public were not thinking about what `` ever closer union among the people 's of europe '' might mean in practice . 
  even those few people that had read the treaty ( and remember that this was before the internet and access to information was very different ) might have interpreted `` ever closer union '' to mean ( 2 ) rather than ( 1 ) . 
  therefore i do n't think that the argument that the words `` ever closer union '' were in the treaty at the time of the first referendum is a good argument for there being no further referendum ever again . 
  if the rest of the eu federalises and the eurozone integrates further , then of couse the uk 's position within the eu will change and already it is changing . 
  it might be that , as you say , the best outcome for the uk is to continue along its current path , being part of the eu but not part of the increasingly integrated eurozone . 
  but i fail to see why the british people should not have a referendum to decide this . 
  also , in my mind the main justification for having a referendum is not that something has changed , it is that the people want one . 
  of course , as you say , the uk will have a relationship with the eu even if the uk leaves the eu and there is a question about what that relationship should look like . 
  from the uk 's perspective , the ideal arrangement would be to remain part of the common market , without any influence in the rules of that market , but be free to pursue free trade agreements with the rest of the world and not be required to implement eu regulation in relation to products and services that are not being sold into the rest of the eu . 
  it might be that this arrangement might not suit the eu because there is a risk that other nations might want the same thing and the eu might want to punish the uk for daring to leave . 
  an alternative arrangement might be a simple free trade agreement with the eu . 
  these arrangements are all up for discussion and negotiation . 
   the question of uk 's membership will never go away , with or without a referendum . 
  i am all for the democratic principle but to have a referendum every generation is something i do not agree with . 
  it 's simply not practical considering there are so many members and representative democracy does not work that way . 
  guess what !, 
  i have just found a post from / u/vilefrog that agrees with me that a [ uk referendum on eu membership could be a good thing ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1sbpgd/joseph_e_stiglitz_says_that_the_europe_will_not/cdwaadj ) , or at least a necessary catalyst for change . 
   as a lawyer i would really appreciate if you were to provide a source for your argument that in common law jurisdictions recitals and preambles are less significant than in civil law ones . 
  i am also a lawyer . 
   perhaps i am exaggerating the differences , but my understanding is that when it comes to the interpretation of both contracts and parliamentary acts , the civil law tradition allows a much greater examination of the intent of the parties and the intent of the legislature than the common law tradition . 
  here is an article [ i read last year ] ( http://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=96d2ca88-79be-41dd-8797-f2fae9be6e1b ) that looks at `` intent '' in contracts in a german context . 
  and here is a book looking at the english approach to [ interpreting acts of parliament ] ( http://heinonline.org/hol/landingpage?handle=hein.journals/bjil29&amp;div=32&amp;id=&amp;page= ) . 
  that 's why it has seemed to me that recitals/preambles , which express intention , are less relevant in the common law tradition than in the civil law tradition . 
  my work makes me look at eu directives every day ( and the recitals in these are often extremely numerous ) . 
  there is a debate in the uk about how those directives should be given effect in uk domestic law given the differences in how law is interpreted . 
  how to interpret recitals in eu law is something that uk lawyers think about on a daily basis ... 
  anyway , this is slightly off the point . 
   also , i can not see what significant change has happened for uk in respect of its membership since it has joined so that it would justify a referendum . 
  that is other than the public opinion being shifted by rags such as dm and the sun and spineless politicians who find it very convenient to blame the eu for their own failings . 
  there has n't been a significant change in the uk other than the passage of time and the change in opinion . 
  but there has been a massive change in the rest of the eu , and that is the adoption of the single currency and this has been a game-changer both for the eurozone and for the uk and will continue to be one . 
  for better or worse the uk is never likely to join the euro and it strikes me as inevitable that the eurozone will have an entirely different set of needs from the non-eurozone . 
  if the eurozone moves towards federalism ( and this does strike me as increasingly likely and necessary as there is only so long that a common currency can withstand different fiscal and political regimes and so forth without regular shocks ) , the uk will not be coming along for the ride . 
  the divergence is only likely to grow wider and i do n't think this is really a good thing for either the uk or the eu . 
  i think for both the uk and france the immediate focus is the [ uk/france partnership ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_lancaster_house_treaties_ ( 2010 ) ) , which is in some ways a continuation of the entente cordiale . 
  this partnership benefits both uk and france and makes sense practically and in terms of prestige for both nations ( and prestige on the world stage matters to the uk and france in a way that it does n't really matter to the rest of europe ... ) . 
  i 'm not sure if either the uk or france are seriously contemplating involving other european nations at this stage . 
  no other european nation is really serious about military spending . 
  i think the [ german abstention in the un security council over libia was a bit of a game-changer ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/libya/8391730/libya-france-calls-summit-for-coalition-of-the-willing.html ) . 
  the uk and france were pretty surprised by germany taking this position and this kind of thing makes the uk and france think they can only really rely on each other . 
  no worries - sometimes it is confusing to work out which things might be fundamentally different ( e.g. 
  in the case of the uk , use of the common law rather than civil law , lack of a codified written constitution , lack of formalised separation of powers ) and which things might not be different at all ... 
  i 'm sure there are some very peculiar and old bits of uk parliamentary procedure that are n't common elsewhere !, 
  no need for the aggression !, 
  i was responding to a poster who apparently comes from a system where there are no private members bills . 
  the fact that the english language article also randomly mentioned norway in addition to the anglosphere made me think that the list might be more comprehensive . 
   by the way , just because something is written in the preamble does not mean it is not the will of the parties or that it is not binding . 
  there is a difference between civil law and common law traditions here . 
  under the common law things like recitals/preambles do n't tend to have any legal effect . 
  under the civil law they are more important as aids to interpretation . 
  however , in either case it is really hard to say with confidence what `` ever closer union '' means and to use it as an argument for no more referendums .
