  no , but when they did n't take the uk 's requests for a real reform seriously , they basically made it happen . 
  if the eu had actually committed to a much more flexible , open , dynamic , outward facing eu , the uk would still be a member . 
  eu leaders need to take the blame for not having this vision . 
   i really doubt it , and this little stunt by predominantly the english has already caused financial ripples among european stock exchanges . 
  the euro is falling dramatically , together with the pound sterling . 
  it is n't a stunt . 
  also , wales voted for leave and many many scots voted for leave too . 
  also , this is a good opportunity for you to sort out your currency , create a real fiscal union and transfer vast sums of money from the netherlands to greece . 
  hopefully the dutch people will do this , because this is going to become more and more necessary . 
   i for one am very interested in how this will turn out - especially after the uk has completely poisoned the mood at the negotiating table . 
  [ `` we have no eternal allies , and we have no perpetual enemies . 
  our interests are eternal and perpetual , and those interests it is our duty to follow ... '' https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/henry_temple,_3rd_viscount_palmerston, 
   so far they did n't want that , right now it appears that most demands of the leave majority fall pretty solidly on the lefty end of the political spectrum . 
  what was interesting was that so many tories voted remain and so many labour voted leave . 
   and sad . 
  brits apparently hate czechs/slovaks/poles ... 
  i voted to leave and i love czechs !, 
  do n't be sad , be happy . 
  this will be good for you too in the end . 
   if the majority wants to live in a socialist country for whatever reason in the uk a majority do n't want to live in a socialist country . 
   a shame how that resulted in yesterday 's outcome . 
  be positive . 
  this is a great opportunity for the uk and the rest of europe . 
  we are now all forced to ask ourselves fundamental questions of governance . 
   i really liked the eu and today its future seems so uncertain and britain so hostile towards us : / you need to remember that many people that voted for brexit love europe and want the best for europe . 
  brexit is a great opportunity for europe . 
  because the danes will now ask themselves fundamental questions about how they want to be governed . 
  that exercise will be good for denmark . 
   probably one of the best arguments for remain i 've read . 
  it is an interesting argument , but it will not convince any brits . 
  in the long run i think it is better for denmark if the uk votes leave . 
   top man , coming from an irishman living in england since the mid 90s . 
  ( i cheer on england and ireland equally ! ), 
  it is tough when they play each other then ... !, 
   still 1/3 odds on remain on most betting sites i agree with those odds ( as someone who has been heavily involved in the campaign and knocking on doors for months planning our `` get out the vote '' operation in a part of south london ... ), 
  that 's very kind !, 
   i 'd be very interested in what you 'd think would be wise to do in case remain wins . 
  i am not thinking about that just yet . 
  i have worked too hard over the last few months and am too emotionally involved to think about afterwards just yet !, 
  let 's wait and see , not long now !, 
  username checks out, 
   / u/trucidator is probably the most-active and eloquent brexit advocate that i have seen on here , and he uses a british flair . 
  that 's kind . 
  unfortunately i have been flat out campaigning for several months now , so have had very little time for reddit !, 
  i think lots of people just switch on their kettle in an unthinking way during breaks . 
  i know i sometimes do it even if i then forget to make the tea ... 
  ?  and this on the other hand is the argument brexit followers use ... '' eu is not democratic , we are '' . 
  eu is made of individuals , who you elected to have the power to decide who goes to the eu positions . 
  do you not trust your own votes then ? 
  for a democracy to function effectively , you need to have a demos . 
  the eu does not have this . 
  if you do n't like democracy then i can understand why you want to remain in the eu so that our democracy can be overruled . 
   i can buy that if you explain what caused this abnormal lull in human warfare that we are currently experiencing . 
  democracy primarily . 
   i guess its just a coincidence that we have stopped killing one another the moment these international agreements were put in place ? 
  just because a and b coincide it does not mean a causes b. 
  it might mean that b causes a. 
   whilst the uk could be free to make laws and their own regulations , it does n't mean that they are good ones , as the eu actually forbids some of them . 
  it seems like you are afraid of the uk 's democratic processes . 
  we do n't need the eu to overrule our own democracy . 
  we trust our own systems . 
   then i do n't understand you defense of him . 
  he really does n't sounds like atlanticist to me , but fine hopefully you know what to expect from him . 
  ( apart from brexit part that is given ) just to clarify , i am really not much of a fan of farage . 
  there are multiple other politicians in the uk and in other countries who have visions that correspond to my own vision much closer than farage . 
  i also think that farage is currently doing the leave campaign a disservice . 
  i am simply pointing out that he is not a putin fan . 
  euscepticism in the uk is different from some parts of continental europe , where there is more russophilia . 
  in there are parts of the left that like the russian government and liked communism , but it is a very small minority . 
   he added some newspeak , because it is not cool with large part of uk population to be admirer of putin ( especially when russian secret services are killing on uk soil ) . 
  maybe it is difficult for you , because you do n't have better pro-brexit face ? 
  farage is an atlanticist and pro the uk membership of nato . 
  i do think that he expressed himself poorly in that interview , but you are wrong to say that farage 's comments about the journalists jailed in russsia is newspeak . 
   maybe it is difficult for you , because you do n't have better pro-brexit face ? 
  actually , we have many , gisela stuart , pritti patel , sol cambell , kate hoey , penny mordant , douglas carswell , michael gove etc etc etc. 
  you should google them if you have not heard of them . 
   i follow polls to monitor trends , not exactly the outcome . 
  [ but there were n't a lot of polls giving independence the lead in scotland . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_scottish_independence_referendum,_2014 ) if you followed polling , you would know this . 
   in my opinion , which can be wrong , the vote will compare to scotland independence votes . 
  a lot of the polls gave the independence a lead , and they lost in the end . 
  do you follow polls ? 
  the polling for the scotland referendum was totally different from the polling for brexit . 
   and i dont know but `` i admire vladimir putin '' , sound pretty fanboyish to me . 
  but whatever . 
  actually , it is pretty difficult . 
  also , do n't put quotation marks around something unless it is a direct quote . 
  also , you need to consider the full context of remarks , and his remarks saying he did not approve of putin politically and mentioning the journalists that are in jail in russia . 
   supportive is maybe strong words , because he carefull in his speach but he fits to other right wingers like le pen & co. . whitewashing putin in crimean anschluss , and putin ( heh  ) blame on eu and nato ... well this is too much for me . 
  actually , euscepticism in the uk is quite different from that in france . 
  farage is very pro nato and very atlanticist and not a fan of russia . 
   nigel farage was very supportive of russian action in ukraine . 
  citation needed, 
  * remainiacs, 
   yes but they are pretty accurate for national votes like this . 
  people tend to bet as they vote . 
  i 've seen interesting analysis on this ( though ca n't now find the article ) which compares betting odds with actual results . 
  while betting odds have tended to be fairly good , there are times when they get the answer very wrong as well e.g. 
  general election 2015 . 
   i think its more like you gave the majority of a very non-representational parliament to a person at the top of a party that had promised to run a referendum everybody knew would be damaging .
