  lol, 
   besided the issue is one of practicality - uber mediates the provision of servises and economic interactions in large ammounts with minimal oversight . 
  the extent to which uber are subject to regulation or should be subject to regulation is fair discussion to be had . 
  however , just because something mediates the provision of services and economic interactions in large amounts is not , of itself , a reason to regulate . 
  there are many economic activities that are hardly regulated . 
  regulation should only be imposed on economic activity if there is a precise reason for doing so . 
   externalities are a robbery . 
  this is clearly nonsense and obvious trolling . 
  externality is not of itself a negative term : some externalities are positive . 
  you need to show which externalities of uber are negative . 
  as a lawyer , i can safely conclude that no uber 's activities involve no robbery under any law i am aware of . 
  thus , do please explain . 
   they were right . 
  that 's why i despise the common briton . 
  you despise the common briton because of the industrial revolution ?!, 
  this is new to me . 
   expected intent to shift attention . 
  `` x have a great product that people like . 
  why should any government forbid them to sell it ? 
  '' , if uber so robbers . 
  for your analogy with robbers to work , you need to explain why you think uber are akin to being robbers . 
  this is really not self-evident . 
  therefore , please explain . 
  i 'm a lawyer , specialising in finance . 
  the main externality from what i can see ( [ assuming by externality you are meaning the tradition economic definition ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/externality ) ) , is the reduced competitiveness of the previous taxi industry . 
  this is not an externality that uber should pay for , unless we want to stunt new technological developments generally . 
  in before dutch people start boringly arguing about whether `` holland '' is an acceptable term or `` the netherlands '' should be used instead ... 
   they do not pay for the externalities . 
  which externalities ? 
   the swamp is metaphorical . 
  also are you uk/us , because that 's exactly how common law views the world - if it has n't been defined yet it 's either 100 % legal , illegal , or we 'll need to make a prescedent . 
  i 'm a lawyer , qualified to practice english law . 
  in my legal tradition , if something has not been given a legal status , than it is automatically legal . 
  in my mind this is fundamental to a free a society . 
   robbers have a great product that people like . 
  why should any government forbid them to sell it ? 
  out of interest , what makes you think that uber are robbers ? 
  i am really curious as to what property you think they are stealing from someone else . 
   losing your job over something like this is absurd . 
  judges should be held to a higher standard than normal employees . 
  to the extent that judges make extreme breaches of their work contracts , they should be fired . 
  confidence in the justice system requires that judges should be impeccable in their respect for their legal obligations generally . 
  they were n't right . 
  nobody wants to go back to a world without modern technology , prior to the industrial revolution . 
  that world meant far greater poverty . 
  the luddites believed that new technology would cause unemployment . 
  this has not been the case : jobs change . 
  in the uk today more people are in employment ever before than in british history , yet the jobs people are involved in are very different from those of two centuries ago . 
   it means doing activity that is not illegal per say , but it 's not exactly legal either . 
  this is not really a concept that i recognise . 
  [ in a free society , everything that is not forbidden is allowed . 
  everything that is not illegal is legal ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/everything_which_is_not_forbidden_is_allowed ) having a grey area of activity that is neither illegal or legal sounds just too soviet for my liking ... what is it about uber that is in a swamp ? 
   i dont understand why people want to stop it . 
  the taxi buisness is crazy as it is . 
  a bit of competition would be good for us i can understand why conventional taxi drivers want to stop it , [ in the same way as in the 19th century in england the luddites wanted to stop the development of new weaving machinery . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luddite ) i ca n't understand why a consumer of taxis or a government would want to stop it ( in the same way as in the 19th centrury in england consumers of woven goods and the government did not stop new technology ) . 
   one foot in the gray i 'm not familiar with the expression `` one foot in the gray '' ... 
   you know what the elephant in the room really is ? 
  once all these countries reduce their spending , both public and private , who will buy all the crap the surplus countries are producing ? 
  uk will by quite a bit of the crap !, 
  the uk is the reu 's largest export market and the uk is n't really reducing public or private spending . 
  plus , the value of the eur just crashed against the gbp . 
  but i do n't think we can buy all of it ... 
   we 're stingy and the government is too lazy to stop it . 
  why should the government stop it ? 
  uber have a great product that people like ? 
  it would be crazy for the government to stop it ... 
   owning debt = grabbing nuts . 
  the chinese could ruin the value of the dollar in a second , just by dumping it on the market . 
  for one thing , a decline in the value of the usd relative to other currencies , is not something that really needs to worry the usa . 
  for another thing , have you followed exchange rates lately ? 
  the usd has just had an incredible rise in value over the last few months , the like of which we have hardly seen before ... 
   by constitutional law , the brd is not the legal successor . 
  this is the position under german constitutional law . 
  do you know what the position is undr public international law ? 
  ( there is a chance that the position is different . 
  genuine question . ), 
   how many private bankers - bailed out by the state in many european countries - have been brought before a court ? 
  how many of these private bankers who broke a law were not brought before a court ? 
  there are benefits to learning languages , but only in the same way as there are benefits to learning musical instruments or doing competitive sports and so forth . 
  these are all fun things and build character , but they are not really `` needs '' . 
  english is the international language and for almost every professional and practical purpose , a knowledge of english language alone gets you on in life . 
  increasingly , even for eu entities , like the european central bank in frankfurt or the european securities and markes authority , english is the only working language . 
  i would certainly encourage language learning in schools as i think they can be beautiful and it is part of human knowledge , which is what education is about . 
  but let 's not pretend tbere is a `` need '' . 
  not learning languages is not a problem for brits . 
  very few brits need to know foreign languages . 
  eusceptics are not less likely to learn languages . 
  i speak several languages and enjoy languages as a hobby . 
  there is no reason for me and you to try and force our fun hobby onto the british population generally . 
   that 's the younger generation though . 
  the `` all foreign languages are useless '' crowd are the older generation . 
  actually , language learning is on the decline in the uk generally . 
  older people were taught languages to a higher standard ( teaching methods that focused more on grammar ) . 
  fewer and fewer young people in the uk study foreign languages . 
  i do n't think younger people in the uk have a better attitude to learning languages compared to older people . 
  this is exactly why the uk should not be in a monetary union with germany . 
  from my perspective they sound the same as the protestants !, 
  it 's not a difference to downvote over . 
  british politicians also predicted this happening and because of that the uk did not join the euro .
