   which ones ? 
  the whole absurd charade was just beyond ridiculous . 
  some of the most ridiculous claims were : - the chancellor saying that families would be # 4,300 worse off by 2030 . 
  it was frankly weird to pluck such a specific number out of thin air , while at the same time stating that brexit was a leap into the dark . 
  - the british pm inviting a us president to say that the uk would be at the back of the queue in any trade negotiation . 
  not only was this spectacle embarrassing , it was also meaningless . 
  as events have turned out , the uk is not at the back of any queue . 
  it looks like the uk now has a greater chance of securing a fta with the uk than the eu does . 
  - all claims about recessions , job losses , house price falls have all been proved wrong . 
  the economy is doing fine . 
  the uk is still the fastest growing economy in the g7 . 
   with evidence of a significant swing towards remain i 've not seen any that show a swing that is beyond margin of error . 
   i am not sure what claims that your are alluding to that the uk would go into recession , house prices would plummet , there would be a punishment budget , unemployment would increase etc. 
   and nobody expected the value of the pound to plummet to the level that it did [ the imf said on 17 june 2016 that the pound was overvalued . ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2016/cr16168.pdf#page=13 ) . 
  if you believe the imf , the pound should have fallen significantly whether or not the uk voted to leave the eu . 
  not really . 
  since the referendum the tendency has been for brits to stand by the referendum decision . 
  given that the claims of the remain campaign turned out to be false , this is not surprising . 
  honestly people who held parties when thatcher died were just extreme activists / trouble makers . 
  they are not indicative of anything . 
  the voters loved voting for thatcher . 
  i am a bit of polling nerd and follow the polls really closely , so no all about all their mistakes ;-) also - not saying you are doing it , but `` margin of error '' is often misused within the polling industry . 
  it can be the case that one poll is within the margin of error , but that several polls each individually within the margin of error are not collectively within the margin of error . 
  i am not commenting on the german polls . 
  i am just saying that the uk polls for brexit were poor . 
   other people , perhaps from scotland or other parts of the uk , do n't share your faith and optimism . 
  scotland has self governance over a great many policy areas and i am personally in favour of them having self governance over everything other than defence and international relations . 
  certainly , if scotland want to control their own laws over things like employee protections i could n't be happier . 
  or perhaps scotland wants brussels to control their laws on things like employee protections and again i could n't be happier . 
   you may genuinely believe in the benevolence of a tory government i do n't really know what you mean by benevolence , but certainly i do n't consider myself to be `` progressive '' . 
  i am right-wing . 
   and continued membership provided a bulwark against the possible stripping away of rights at the expense of the poorer members of society and to the benefit of the wealthier members of society . 
  i find this argument a bit odd . 
  effectively you are saying that the uk is not capable of governing itself . 
  it is a view i suppose . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong , but the us needs to condemn this action pretty quick or else we have an incident on our hands . 
  i do n't think the us need to condemn this incident any more than anyone else needs to . 
  you only need to condemn stuff if there is a chance that people will think you approve of it - rational people are not thinking that the us approves of it . 
  the eu love to write things and design things in the most complex way possible . 
  i think it is pretty clear that for the full suspension of voting rights , unanimity is needed . 
  you should have kept going . 
  it is actually comic and also meaningful . 
   i 'm going to ask you because you appear to be more versed in this than me . 
  apologies , i realise that i did not respond to this . 
  also , i am not an economist and i do n't have particular economics expertise ( if that is what you are looking for ... )  i 've read about the ecb buying up national debt and essentially `` capturing '' it this way , simply because the ecb will never ask national governments to repay the debt . 
  all the while , low interests rate should keep debt growth in check . 
  the so-called public sector purchase programme is a part of the package of measures aimed at making inflation go up to the ecb 's target level of close to 2 % . 
   this seems to me like a situation where you would want to increase inflation . 
  is the situation itself anything like it ? 
  not quite . 
  the aim is inflation of close to 2 % and the purchase of government debt is one of the ways to try and increase inflation . 
  the fact that the ecb holds government debt is not , of itself , a reason why the ecb wants inflation to increase . 
   why would we want increased inflation right now ? 
  because inflation is dangerously low in some parts of the eurozone and this can cause severe economic problems as people stop spending . 
  price stability ( i.e. 
  steady inflation of 2 % ) is the core mandate of the ecb . 
  this is a different mandate from the fed in the us or the boe in the uk , both of which also have core mandates of economic growth / jobs . 
   when american , brazilian , chinese , indian money was used to bailout europe , if i was them i would definitely not be happy . 
  the same point can also be made for uk money . 
   brexit was within the margin of error . 
  actually , it is a bit more complicated than this and brexit definitely suggests that the uk polling industry has some severe flaws : - on the day of the referendum , populus did a poll that put remain on 55 , well outside the margin of error - of all the polls that comres did during the referendum period , not one put leave ahead . 
  they did two final polls , one online and one telephone , with very different results , but both putting remain ahead , both well outside the margin of error - the other final polls , by yougov , ipsos mori and opinium , survation all either put remain ahead or understated the leave lead . 
  while each of these was within the margin of error taken as an individual poll , when we take them as a whole we would expect them to be scattered around the actual result , whereas all of them understated leave , suggesting that there was some inherent sampling or modelling concern . 
  - the private exit polls ( paid for by the banks and hedge funds ) also reportedly put remain ahead ( one of the reasons for the rise in the pound between 10:00 pm and 12:00 pm on referendum night , when newcastle indicated that perhaps brexit would win . 
  during the campaign there was also signs that the polling was getting things wrong . 
  the polls did not realise that people would go out to vote in this referendum who did not usually bother to vote in general elections . 
  vote leave 's get out the vote strategy was very effective . 
  source - i helped several old pensioners / disabled people to the polling station who had not voted in years . 
  we were very organised . 
   i think what directly affects most people is employment law , but there 's also been an impact on environmental , human rights , consumer , justice , and energy policies . 
  this argument i find a poor one . 
  if the uk wants these things , we will keep them . 
  if we do n't want them , we will get rid of them . 
  in either case it is hard to see how being a member of the eu has any advantage . 
  no , i am saying that it is not hypocritical for the uk government to support turkey 's membership of the eu , but not to support the uk 's membership of the eu . 
  near antigua ? 
  would n't that be wonderful !, 
  those islands are self-governing . 
   any french person willing to chime in ? 
  i thought france reached out and offered to help them in many ways before already ? 
  not a french person , but the french government did do a very good job of clearing the jungle and offering the people there alternative clean arrangements and the ability to claim asylum etc a couple of months ago . 
  while obviously the word `` freedom '' means different things to different people , johnson is clear in exactly what he means by freedom in his speech and exactly what kind of liberalism he is promoting . 
   and i 'm saying that what he 's attributing to liberalism are not inherent or unique to his brand of liberalism , and that his inability to realise this is either due to idiocy or malice . 
  he clearly is not an idiot . 
  i ca n't imagine what you thought was malicious about his speech , and in fact i ca n't really see what you disagreed with . 
  also , economic freedoms and political/civil freedoms are inherent in classical liberalism , which is exactly the school of liberalism he endorses . 
   it 's a bit like having one 's cake and eating it i suppose . 
  it is a bit like that , i agree . 
  but , really , it does not make sense for the uk to change policy on whether or not turkey should join the eu at this stage . 
   now recently as foreign secretary he 's said that the uk supports turkey 's bid to join the eu . 
  this is uk foreign policy . 
  the uk leaving the eu is not , of itself , a reason for the uk to change foreign policy in relation to whether or not turkey should join the eu . 
  ( i do n't think boris has ever argued that turkey should n't join the eu . ), 
   do you seriously not understand how the people in this sub see the uk people in this sub tend to be extreme euphiles . 
  obviously , they hate the fact that the uk voted to leave the eu and anyone associated with that , and downvote heavily most eusceptic comments . 
  however , the world as a whole does not look at the uk in the same way . 
   it 's genuinely bizarre that you found that speech ` impressive ' . 
  first he asks ` whether everyone likes democracy ' ( which is an umbrella term which can be completely different depending on where you grew up and/or live , hence making the question ` do you like good things ??? 
  ' , which the fucking foreign secretary should know ) , and then he 's surprised that the countries which were abandoned post-empire who were basically told ` yeah , democracy is pretty good , we use it , cya ' are disillusioned with the massively corrupt societies which are being sold as democracy . 
  then he has the temerity to pass off concepts like ` the rule of law ' as somehow inherent and unique to both unregulated markets and to britain .
