  we 're not about to stop !, 
  you finns can depend on the brits !, 
  better than being called `` your mom , romania '' i suppose ... 
  british people can already exploit the system though . 
  if you think it would make sense to stop overseas nationals exploit it , then presumably you also think british people should n't exploit it ? 
  that would mean a massive change . 
  it would not get through parliament right now . 
  i guess the conference is both for a free internet and a secure one . 
  these two notions are contradictory . 
  unfortunately it seems like uk are part of the `` secure '' side ... :(, 
  the ship is actually sinking slowly . 
  more than three years and counting . 
  perhaps it wo n't sink , but continue from crisis to crisis , but stay afloat , with the passengers getting poorer and poorer . 
  moody 's does n't issue debt securities . 
  it therefore does n't have a rating . 
  the british benefits system is unusual in that you can get unemployment benefit even if you have not contributed to the system . 
  in most other countries , even if you are a national of that country , you only get unemployment benefit if you have contributed . 
  therefore , those countries are not discriminating on the basis of nationality if they do n't give benefits to newly-arrived brits . 
  differently , if britain does n't give benefits to overseas eu nationals immediately they arrive , then this discrimination on the grounds of nationality . 
  this is contrary to eu law . 
  unfortunately , it seems that people do abuse the system . 
  this abuse is very costly . 
  i do think it needs to be reformed . 
  no , of course not . 
  you would get unemployment benefits in very few countries . 
  interesting article about britain always supporting a widening of the eu ( in contrast to the french , who would have preferred a deeper but narrower eu ) . 
  a cynic might say that the uk policy of expansion has been partly based on a belief that a large eu will eventually become ungovernable and increasingly integrate at different speeds . 
  they have partially been correct , but history still is n't finished ... 
  proportional representation is not a priority for the vast majority of the electorate . 
  it might be a priority for you , which is great . 
  but most people do n't seem to care about it . 
  the lib dems and ukip both support electoral change , so if you care strongly about this issue , it would make sense to vote for one of them . 
  or if you vote yes in the scottish independence referendum and scotland gets independence , you might get a very different voting system . 
  netherlands will be fine . 
  there is a lot of personal debt , but essentially they are a competitive economy with strong exports and a highly educated labour force with flexible and liberal labour laws . 
  their sovereign debt is very cheap and lots of investors want to invest . 
  they have low unemployment . 
  they are a million miles from the situation in greece , spain and portugal . 
  there are actually lots of issuers / assets that get upgraded by the ratings agencies . 
  they rarely make the headlines though . 
  the media loves bad news stories . 
  a ratings upgrade tends not to be newsworthy . 
  unfortunately every single eu member state other than uk and czech republic has a legal commitment to austerity . 
  they all decided to sign up to the fiscal compact . 
  if they did n't want austerity , they should not have signed up to the fiscal compact . 
  or they should try and change the fiscal compact . 
  or more likely some of them will ignore it . 
  ... and i thought westminster was adversarial !, 
  there is a solution . 
  it is called each individual country and national parliament being able to enact an economic policy that is right for that individual country . 
  a policy for the whole of europe will not work . 
  it 's at times like this that i am just so grateful that we have the eu here , with its successful aim of eradicating poverty . 
  the theory of this article was interesting , but it was n't very clearly argued . 
  it seemed extremely anecdotal and impressionistic . 
  the anti-eu movements are in very different shapes and at different stages of development across the eu and we will get a complicated composition of the european parliament next year . 
  only one thing is certain : the people of europe are not going to be forced easily into a union they do n't want . 
  the high-water mark of eu popularity has already passed . 
  brussels needs to wake up and smell the schadenfreud . 
  well in that case , why do n't people vote for other parties ? 
  britain needs to drastically reform the benefits system . 
  this is an interesting point thatis so often forgotten by the nations of immigrants : what happens to the emigrant nations ... 
  and there will also be those scots who head south ... 
  we do n't have a two party system any more . 
  the liberal democrats are in government in westminster . 
  the snp are in government in scotland . 
  other parties , such as ukip , have significant indirect political power now . 
  also , even if you do n't like the voting system , others do like it . 
  remember the referendum we had on it ? 
  that 's called democracy . 
  i wonder how well the new german anti-euro party will do in the european elections . 
  i expect they will have some success . 
  did n't you just have a change of government ? 
  and free elections ? 
  i am sure some things could be improved ( and this law is a move in the wrong direction ) but i think you do have a democracy . 
  beware the law of unintended consequences . 
  this law could make the lives of frebch prostitutes less safe . 
  but lots of people buy water at supermarkets to take home ... 
  i just do n't get it . 
  it is going to be very interesting to see how the dutch vote in the european elections . 
  britain needs to thank a series of people for keeping us out of this : gordon brown , john major , margaret thatcher . 
  most of all we have to thank our friends and cousins in denmark , who voted against the maastricht treaty in 1992 . 
  this vote gave ( and still gives ) huge confidence to those britons who want to keep the pound . 
  thanks , that 's helpful . 
  so what about the people of tranistria ? 
  what is their preference ? 
  same in uk , bottled water is expensive and apparently contains fewer good minerals than tap water . 
  also , whenever blind tests are done , almost nobody can spot the difference . 
  the only reason people would buy bottled water would be because they have more money than sense . 
  next time i vote i will try and screw the european parliament . 
  i think this ad campaign is a good idea . 
  i like the humour . 
  i 'm tempted to go to romania now . 
  yes , i have . 
  and your point is ? 
  i 'm not aware of any democracies where only 50 % of the electorate vote . 
  in many democracies the turnout is much higher than that . 
  fair point on the headline . 
  the rest of the article was interesting , but in my mind very theoretical . 
  there was no discussion of the austerity that an independent scotland would face . 
  and i think that it was a bit optimistic in relation to immediate eu membership and the pound .
