  there has been detailed work on the irish border in relation to customs union - see for example the open europe report , and this looks like it will be similar to the swedish/norwegian border . 
  helpfully the uk government and the eu council positions seemed to mirror each other here . 
   you are talking about temporary visa free periods , which are n't guaranteed to happen at the moment . 
  there is no suggestion that eu citizens will not have visa free travel to the uk . 
   the only trouble that can arise is if britain wishes to have single-market access without respecting the four freedoms . 
  all countries in the world have access to the single market . 
  obviously , the uk will not be a member of the single market . 
  this is nothing to do with the irish border though . 
   i am more worried about hardliners in britain torpedoing any deal because it might leave britain ` too entangled ' with the continent . 
  i will decide whether or not i am in favour of the deal when i see the deal . 
  of course , a deal which stops the uk parliament being able to legislate freely would of course not be acceptable , just as i am sure you think a deal which stopped the eu parliament from being able to legislate freely would not be acceptable . 
  no reasoning with some people . 
   it is utterly irrational and those camps could be dealt with in a better way . 
  perhaps once france deals with its borders in a better way , it would make sense not have passport control with france . 
  however , currently this does not work . 
   then what would the point of ending freedom of movement be if you are n't going to enforce visas ? 
  free movement and visas are not the same thing , for the millionth time . 
  there are many countries around the world that allow visa free travel for some nations . 
  this is not free movement . 
  for example brazilians can travel to the uk without a visa , but that does not mean they have free movement . 
  the point of allowing visa free travel is to promote tourism and ease of doing business . 
  sympathies to the swedish people from london . 
  you might not be ready to hear it right now , but we pulled through the attack we had and you will too . 
  terrible news for any victims , their families and the swedish people . 
  obviously the british people do not want to be in schengen . 
  have a look at the jungle camps in calais to understand one of the reasons why . 
  this is good news for the uk because the uk and ireland have the same position as each other ( maximise trade and keep the common travel area and no hard border ) . 
  i am glad that germany also has this same position . 
  of course it will work . 
  why on earth are eu citizens going to bother to go to ireland in order to enter the uk , when they will be able to get on planes to heathrow or trains to st pancras ? 
  the uk is not going to require visas for eu citizens to enter the uk . 
  that does not mean that they will have the same free movement rights as they currently have . 
   free movement free movement , in the eu legal context , does not mean being able to walk over the border without a check point . 
  free movement is the body of law associated with the right to work and live in another eu country . 
  it is not about physically crossing the border . 
  me too . 
  generally i have not agreed with his protectionist rhetoric , but this was the right thing to do and not an easy thing to do . 
  this is really sad - it seemed from reports a week or so ago that she might make it . 
   make up your mind poland . 
  are you and the uk the 51st and 52nd us state or are you a member of the eu ? 
  what does being a member of the eu have to do with thinking that us is the guarantor of world peace and there are times that you need to react ? 
   i 'm truly curious and i 'd ask our british redditor friends : are the brits happy to have a murican lackeys for a government the relevant question here is whether or not the us are right to have done this airstrike . 
  i think they are . 
  i am not sure why `` used to have an empire '' is relevant to this analysis . 
  the eu only gave the uk special status once , with cap . 
  with things like the euro , it was the uk that allowed the rest of the eu to pool their currencies . 
   52 % in the traditional bastion of euroscepticism is n't particularly overwhelming . 
  i agree and this is partly what makes this so historic and interesting . 
  it was a very close run thing . 
  those involved in the campaign ( like me ) feel like we actually made a difference to history . 
  however , in a sense the two sides were not really equal . 
  we know from history that status quo positions almost always win in referendums and leaving the eu is unprecedented . 
  from this perspective the vote was extraordinary . 
  yeah , i did n't think he was bitching , just explaining a reason for voting in a particular way . 
   uk agreed to that . 
  yes , then the british people decided that they wanted to change their mind about whether or not we should be in the eu so we are leaving . 
  that is the wonderful thing about a democracy . 
  voters are in charge of what happens . 
  thanks , that is really interesting to hear . 
  it struck me that the tone is a very affectionate teasing , with lots of focus on brits being a bit crazy , but also brave . 
  very few english people are xenophobic towards scots . 
  the vast majority of english people love scots . 
  italy is both too big to fail and too big to bail ... 
  one interesting thing is that the asterix books received some complaints in some countries because of the way those countries were depicted . 
  in the uk there were no complaints - i think we were astonished at how positively we were portrayed ... as usual a lot of the humour is language-based . 
  this was sort of easy with the french version , which simply translated literally some english expressions `` magique potion '' , but they did some clever things with the english translation too , do n't you know , what !, 
   you need to know what shall be before you can start to figure out how to get there . 
  sometimes the only way of finding out what shall be is by going there . 
  this is one of those circumstances . 
  [ the telegraph reported that fco guidance is headscarves . 
  to be fair , i have not looked into exactly how this guidance is given to pms ... ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/04/theresa-may-takes-stand-against-saudi-regime-appears-without/ ), 
  yeah , i agree . 
  she was right to reject their advice . 
   frenching this means french kissing , 
  the uk foreign office recommended that she wore one . 
  she refused to follow the guidance of the uk foreign office . 
  agree that saudi probably do not ask . 
  i accept that point . 
  maybe i will go back and read them again and try and research the regional jokes to work out what i missed ... , 
  yeah , the ones on the travels are better than the ones where they stay in france . 
  it was asterix and the magic carpet that made me give up !, 
  i will give the picts a chance i guess then !, 
  perhaps i am biased but asterix and the brits must rank as one of the all time best pieces of european literature . 
  i 'm old school when it comes to asterix . 
  i am not convinced that new writers can recreate the old magic ... 
  how dare you deviate from accepted wisdom on this sub !, 
  we do n't want different opinions here !, 
  you are rightly being massively downvoted . 
  oh , was that guy making a joke ?!, 
  whoops !, 
   that is not a report , it 's a wishlist . 
  it reflects the uk , irish and eu positions . 
   things have changed since the common travel area was put in place . 
  the uk , eu and ireland are all keep to keep the common travel area . 
   i do n't think you can get it back to what it once was without a fight . 
  we are not getting it back to anything , we are simply keeping it in place , as per the wishes of all parties involved . 
   things were n't that great when it was the only thing in place to begin with . 
  in what way is the common travel area not working currently ? 
   no mention of different migration policies it is already the case that the uk and ireland have different migration policies and have a common travel area . 
  it already works .
