  this is going to go down terribly in middle england . 
  at this rate labour will be losing seats in the next election . 
  incredible times in british politics ... 
  the `` best '' ones are the ones who can afford a difficult trip to germany . 
  the ones that the uk takes from the camps are the most vulnerable . 
  no , the cameron ca n't cancel the referendum . 
  his party wo n't let him . 
  thank goodness the uk is not in schengen, 
  i 'm not eurosceptic . 
  i love europe , especially france . 
  that 's why we were drinking champagne ... 
  you need to re-read my comment . 
  i am praising danish democracy . 
  their representative government made this decision . 
  this is how representative government is meant to work . 
  sport in the uk has historically been at the level of the nation . 
  when it comes to stuff like football , rugby and cricket , for as long as those sports have existed england , wales and scotland have been separate . 
   well , let 's see how completely we get ignored on monday . 
  honestly , you will likely get completely ignored . 
  then what are you going to do ? 
  unless you play really hardball with the eu , you do n't get anywhere . 
   a country 's inaction to help alleviate the refugee crisis is neglecting human rights . 
  if europe does n't help , who will ? 
  the eu 's quota system does n't help alleviate the refugee crisis . 
  all the refugees subject to the eu quota system are already safe . 
   we manage to be even less central than you . 
  you will make us jealous ... 
   because democratically deciding in favor of something that is so blatantly against human rights should be allowed . 
  that 's one of the limits of democracy actually , that it can very well become a tyranny of the masses . 
  denmark have not decided something that is against human rights . 
  they have just decided not to participate in the eu 's quota scheme . 
   i support the decision , personally . 
  it has been very divisive however . 
  many people think that this is an excuse not to accept refugees . 
  i do n't think this is the case however and in any case i support the decision because i dont think the eu should have decision making power on danish policy like that . 
  yes , i agree with you . 
  i have seen you write before on stuff like where political power in relation to denmark should be . 
  it will be interesting to see how your upcoming referendum goes . 
  surely there are some polls on that somewhere ? 
  interestingly , everytime denmark says no to the eu , british eusceptics get an incredible psychological boost . 
  i remember as a child my father opened a bottle of champagne when the danish maastricht referendum results were announced . 
  that danish vote has had a gigantic influence on the uk . 
   i 'd be curious what the opinion is of the majority of the population . 
  i have n't seen any polls recently . 
  lars l\u00f8kke rasmussen ( prime minister ) is quite unpopular in general . 
  i 'd also be very curious to see what the polls said about this ( noting that the polls underestimated the score of the danish people 's party in the recent election ) . 
  given that election i would expect a plurality of danes not to want to opt into the eu 's quota system . 
   of course it 's important that politicians take in great consideration the opinions of the citizens , what i was trying to say is that the citizens in a representative democracy are n't supposed to directly choose what is best for the country . 
  we delegate , thus choosing indirectly through the politician or the party we decided to vote for . 
  we vote for a program , for a group of people who we trust , at least partially , and it 's their duty to be able to make difficult , sometimes unpopular decisions . 
  transferring power over immigration of refugees away from danish democratic structures towards brussels appears to be something that danes do not want . 
  denmark recently had an election in which parties with a specific programme of reducing immigration won a mandate . 
  it is right that denmark 's government respect that election . 
  if the danish government was going to do exactly the same thing irregardless of who won the elections , what is the point of even holding elections ? 
   politicians , in order to fulfil both their program and life expectations ( as for a politician : winning an election , mostly ) , are forced to take in great consideration the opinions of the citizens . 
  it is a good thing that politicians take in great consideration the opinions of the citizens . 
  let 's not pretend that this is a bad thing and use language like `` forced '' . 
  it would make more sense in my mind to write `` thankfully politicians take into consideration the opinions of citizens '' . 
  ultimately do we trust the `` common people '' ? 
  or do n't we ? 
   if uk votes to leave in 2016 / 17 this will be it - point of no return reached . 
  here 's to hoping !, 
  ( in seriousness , i hope the uk leaves , but do n't mind what happens to reu once we do . 
  however , it will certainly present you with a major dilemma ... ), 
  with 81 voters at the time of writing , i do n't think we have quite enough data just yet ... 
  unsurprising decision by the danish government and no doubt supported by the marjority of the danish population . 
  this is how democracy is meant to function . 
   germany pretty much does . 
  france is the only country providing counterweight at times though they often agree with each other . 
  the uk does n't care about the rest of us , they only save themselves from germany 's delusional policies . 
  we actually do care about belgium  once the uk leaves the eu , life will get interesting , we promise !, 
   that could basically go for the brits as well from the us , canadian , indian , new zealand and australian perceptive i for one am very grateful to everyone who fought with britain in ww2 and think that britain should show its gratitude frequently ... 
   maybe there is maybe there is not but the current way the things are going we 're literally going to disappear . 
  iceland and singapore turn out fine . 
  latvia could too . 
   of course it 's not the last holdout . 
  our govt . 
  and media want to fear monger us by subtly saying - either accept the quota or europe and nato will cut us loose . 
  my prediction is that latvia will not holdout and that you will fold . 
  perhaps i am wrong here , but in the end only very few countries ever say `` no '' to the eu . 
  nonsense trolling by the grauniad ... 
  uk can not into relevance :( on the plus side , nor can france ... 
  this a copy and paste of the article in the spectator , right ? 
  why not just link it ? 
   but people , especially british people love the shit out of the status quo . 
  staying in the eu is not the status quo . 
  the eu will change dramatically over the next decade . 
   qualified emigration transfers workers to the central countries : uk , germany , france , ... portuguese people think of the uk as a `` central '' country ? 
  we think of ourselves as not being central , like you guys ... 
   it 's fair to say that they seem to want to stay . 
  it is difficult to know at this stage because the campaigns have not really started . 
   why would the eu need to `` win over the electorate '' ? 
  way past that . 
  this is a very true thing you have written , on many levels . 
  germany is determined to halt plans for the eurozone to pool more financial risk , in a challenge to a brussels-led push to deepen single currency integration after the greek crisis . 
  despite calls from france , the european commission and european central bank for a common system to protect bank deposits , wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , the german finance minister , will tell eurozone counterparts on friday that it would be wrong even to discuss such measures before more discipline has been instilled in debt markets . 
  according to a document circulated to finance ministers and seen by the financial times , berlin in effect insists on weakening the rights of investors in bank and sovereign bonds so that they -- rather than taxpayers -- foot the bill for bailouts . 
  the pained negotiations over greece 's most recent bailout , an $ 86bn rescue completed under duress in august , has influenced a broader debate among eurozone members about how to reform the single currency to make it more resilient . 
  to shore up the eurozone 's banking union and reduce the risk of the type of bank run seen in greece , brussels and central bankers in frankfurt have pushed hard for more financial integration . 
  one of their biggest wishes is a common eurozone system to protect bank deposits , which would bolster national schemes .
