  in relation to free movement , you want the uk to descriminate in favour of some nations and against others . 
  there is no sugar coating this and i am glad you have confirmed your position that you want the uk to descriminate against indians in favour of italians . 
  i want the uk to put in place an immigration policy which does not discriminate depending on nationality . 
  comparing immigration within a country to immigration between countries does not make complete sense to me . 
  but my views on free movement are not my motivation for voting leave . 
  even if the eu had no free movement , i would have voted leave . 
  being able to put in place an immigration policy in which we focus primarily on skills rather than nationality is just an added bonus , but not my main motivation . 
  in which courts did canada lose these cases ? 
   3 . ensuring that foreign investors are actually treated fairly ( this is n't always the case in the domestic court systems ) . 
  i do n't disagree with anything you have written about isds , but you might be interested to note that some uk commentators are theorising that isds might not be needed in a fta between uk/usa or uk/canada because the problems of foreign investors being treated fairly etc need not be a problem in our domestic courts . 
  if you trust each others judicial system and agree to pass legislation requiring fair treatment of foreign investors , then there should n't be a need for isds . 
  unfortunately i can not find the link right now . 
  if the main fear of brexit is not the flow of british champagne , i suspect we are over the worse , 
  it 's all a bit weird overall . 
  i agree with most of what you have written . 
  uk can not escape its geography , being close to europe , but fortunately we have that tiny bit of sea between us . 
  that geographic position is central to our national myth , our idea of ourselves . 
  from shakespeare , to napoleon to the spanish armada , this idea is fundamental to understanding brits . 
  fog in the channel - continent cut off !, 
   i 'm also absolutely convinced that extremists from any direction we do n't tend to fear extremism in the uk because british people just do n't have an experience of them in our parliament . 
  none of our democracy was designed to cope with extremism . 
  also , british people tend not to like theoretical things , but prefer practical things . 
  i do n't think the idea of staying in or leaving the eu are extremist views , so this is a debate we should not fear having . 
   unrelated but still somewhat fitting : this small segment . 
  - also i need to spread that documentary because it 's overall rather well made . 
  i will try and watch it !, 
   btw westminster will now have to find money to pay all those areas that got eu funding , fun fun fun westminster is a net contributor to the eu . 
  we can fund those areas more than they are currently funded and have money left over . 
  fun fun fun !, 
  writing !, 
  i 'd forgotten about that . 
  is it still a thing ? 
   this assumes that it is better to trade with a subset of the rest of the world than it is with the entire eu and a subset of the rest of the world . 
  we both know we 're not going to be forming free trade deals with the entire rest of the world . 
  obviously , we are unlikely to get far with north korea . 
  but we can put in place ftas quicker with the rest of the world outside the eu compared to the inside . 
   we 'll do a subset and it may not even cover the set of countries we had trade deals with while inside the eu . 
  which nation that the eu currently has a fta with will not want one with us ? 
  the only trade deals that the eu currently has that we do significant trade with are mexico , switzerland and south korea , all of these want us to do ftas with them . 
   the answer to the above seems to boil down to the concept of european freedom of movement . 
  correct me if i 'm mistaken but it seems that to you , this is a major issue . 
  freedom of movement of workers is not really a big deal for me . 
  i am more than happy for us to leave the eu and increase immigration . 
  i do n't like the single market because i think ( i ) the quality of regulation is poor , ( ii ) it is not very democratic , ( iii ) it stifles innovation , ( iv ) it can diminish free trade with the rest of the world . 
   we can always ease visa restrictions for other nations if you feel you would prefer easier hiring but i do n't understand why this means we need to stop freedom of movement from europe is your preference that we give the same immigration rights to the rest of the world that we give to the eu ? 
  or do you want to give greater immigration rights to the eu ? 
  it seems like you are dodging this question . 
   this consists of four nations and freedom of movement means people of all capabilities , all social circumstances ( not just the elite ) , are able to change their lives for the better by locating to where there are jobs for their chosen vocation . 
  this is a wonderful thing , yet you seem to think it is bad . 
  do you want it for this for the entire world ? 
  also , i do n't think it makes sense to talk about free movement within the uk ( which is one entity under international law and has had internal free movement for several hundred years ) with free movement of workers in the eu ( which is not a single nation with a single government ) . 
   you seem so strongly opposed to this concept , but only at the eu level i think you must have got me mixed up with another redditor . 
  free movement of workers has never particularly bothered me as an individual and never been in my top ten reasons for wanting to be outside the eu . 
  i do think that the uk government should have ultimate responsibility for our immigration policy though . 
   i suspect that if the uk were invited to join the eu market under a model ( call it what you will ) whereby we are not subject to the ecj and are able to form any trade deal we wish but would have to accept freedom of movement , you would turn it down . 
  i do n't really understand this question because being subject to the ecj is inherent in the eu and not some side feature . 
  , but it still would not be enough for me . 
  i would want to ensure that the uk was not in the single market , not in the common commercial policy and not in the common agricultural policy and not in the common external tariff either and not in the common fisheries policy . 
  sort those things out and perhaps i will sign up . 
   what are you think of when you mention this specifically ? 
  what to you is `` typical uk '' about your democracy among the western world ? 
  obviously , the uk shares some things with many other liberal democracies in the rest of the world . 
  not least , canada , new zealand and australia started out as being basically copies and pastes of the uk , so in some respects they are very similar . 
  and the uk does not exist as an island , but we get influenced by and we influence other democracies in europe and have for centuries . 
  but the fact that in the last 300 years we have not endured fascism or communism or civil war or invasion does make us very unusual from a european perspective . 
  and i would also argue that our basic constitutional principle of parliamentary sovereignty and the common law does make our system a bit unusual too . 
  and there are probably cultural factors too . 
  but in terms of referendums , it is not just switzerland that has them , we have seen recent referendums in greece , hungary , netherlands , denmark , ireland and several others . 
   i have a genuinely hard time comprehending that thought process . 
  brexit is both an idea and also a process . 
  just because someone is right about the idea ( nigel ) does not mean they are capable of managing the process . 
  and just because someone is wrong about the idea ( theresa ) does not mean they are not capable of the process . 
  on 23 june , we voted for an idea - brexit . 
  but the people responsible for implementing that process , should of course be the government . 
   are n't examples like this good reasons to doubt whether the referendum was done `` properly '' ? 
  the debate was rough from both sides , but is that a bad thing ? 
  i personally prefer a debate to relate to facts , but neither side really stuck to facts . 
  but i think in this kind of argument , you have to trust the public to use their judgment and sift the truth from fiction . 
   i 'm getting the downvote hammer i am giving you loads of upvotes  ) ), 
   the kink in the chain is political : which government has the courage of putting a part of its population on permanent unemployment because they do not own the competences needed to produce these services . 
  come back thatcher , all is forgiven !, 
  i kid , i kid . 
  i am not expecting the uk not to support certain bits of its economy that might not be efficient as others . 
  giving people the right skills is not an easy thing and i agree with your ideas here . 
   i know you do n't wish ill on the eu , and neither do i on the uk , so let 's hope it all works out fine . 
  let 's drink to this , 
   i 'm assuming you guys have a similar democratic history as we do in this case . 
  i do n't think that really is a fair assumption . 
  the uk has no written constitution , a state church , a monarchy , the common law , first past the post elections , an appointed second chamber , parliamentary sovereignty , we have not tended to have extreme political parties , we have the legacy of empire . 
  i think there are quite a few differences between our conception of democracy and the german one . 
  our democracy has been something that began centuries ago and evolved slowly without really having any radical breaks . 
  yours was almost completely re-written post ww2 . 
  here i am not saying we are better , and i am the first to admire your country 's democracy . 
  but i do think we have very different ideas about how we want our democracies to function . 
   how often and for what kinds of things does the uk hold these kinds of referendums ? 
  we have no `` referendum law '' defining when referendums can be used and the circumstances in which we have held local or national referendums has changed and is changing . 
  in recent years we had one on changing our election system , the scottish one , referendums on mayors in a number of cities and the eu one . 
   also the idea of people like nigel farage pushing hard for brexit and then stepping down because `` i got what i wanted now someone else figure out how to actually do it please '' left a rather sour taste overall we did not vote for nigel farage to take us out of the eu . 
  if that had been on the ballot paper , we would be staying in the eu . 
  nigel farage is not in our government .
