   that 's three personal preferences you 've tried to pass off as truths . 
  post-fact britain , and all that . 
  of course it is the position of the uk government ( see may 's speech made on tuesday ) . 
  it seems also to be the uk public 's position ( see sky opinion poll of yesterday ) . 
   what were the people who voted leave saying `` we want change '' and then they keep on voting conservative . 
  people who voted leave made the conservatives change their position and change their leader . 
  i suspect that like the polls before the last general election , these polls are overstating labour . 
   i do n't think even your own government treats this as more than bluster . 
  i think they are serious about it and know that it is a possibility which they are prepared for . 
   the fact that half your brexit voter-base voted for single-market access is just icing on the cake . 
  i find the expression `` single-market access '' next to pointless because every country in the world has it . 
  in terms of membership of the single market , during the referendum campaign both the leave side and the remain side largely agreed that if we left the eu we would likely stop being members of the single market . 
  this was my preference and now seems to be the position of the uk government and the preference of uk voters . 
  however , at no time have the british public , whether leavers or remainers , specifically voted either for or against membership of the single market . 
  i 've actually always used single market in exactly the same way that eu law uses the term `` internal market '' . 
  i accept that the vast majority of commentators and politicians on either side use the expression extremely imprecisely and with very little knowledge of what it is . 
   the key point is that we will have to negotiate everything on their terms . 
  i still do n't understand this claim , because in fact it is n't clear to me what their terms are or that we are negotiating on their terms . 
  to me , leaving the single market , leaving the common external tariff and the common customs policy ( the suggested terms of the negotiation ) are exactly the terms that i want . 
  perhaps they are also the eu 's terms too , in which case good . 
  in terms of a good deal being better than no deal , that is by definition true and simply tautological . 
  it is also true for the eu , if there is no deal , they will also lose out and have to do something to respond to that losing out . 
  it is n't clear to me what their plan is if there is no deal . 
  i 'm not sure that anyone has ever claimed that no deal is better than any conceivable deal . 
  i actually want the uk to cut corporation taxes , so i am pleased that the uk government is considering this . 
  luckily argentina are not currently being run by a military dictatorship , 
  this explanation seems to torture the expression `` access '' way beyond what i consider acceptable . 
  i must admit i found this bizarre too . 
  if uk clearly and explicitly states it wants deals without tariffs but the eu clearly and explicitly states it wants deals with tariffs , which of these becomes a more desirable trading partner and an easier partner with which to do a trade deal ? 
  i would say that she is the best since thatcher at the moment . 
  ( not that hard . ), 
  i actually still do n't see what the defeat is or what the weakness of the uk 's position is from his article . 
  the uk has set out its preferred terms whereas the eu has n't set out its preferred terms . 
  it is n't clear to me that the eu has framed the negotiation or that the uk is somehow working to the eu 's terms . 
  to me the uk has set out exactly the terms that i prefer . 
  it also is n't clear to me that the uk making it explicit that the uk will leave the single market is a loss for the uk or anyone . 
  i suppose it might be a loss for people that want the uk to be in the single market , but it is n't for people that want the uk to leave the single market . 
  for us it is a massive victory . 
   the brexiters said during the whole campaign that the access to the single will be not problem . 
  remember that they said the whole time that they can have both , while the eu always said that this will not happen . 
  the term `` access to the single market '' is basically pointless as everyone has access to the single market . 
  during the campaign , both remainers and leavers largely agreed that if the uk left the eu it would end up without membership of the single market and this is now clearly the position of the uk government and seems to be the preferred position of the british public . 
  certainly , when i voted leave it was in the hope and expectation that it would mean that the uk would leave the single market . 
  a deal with tariffs is certainly not what the uk government wants , but it is also surprising that verhofstad thinks that eu tax-payers want a deal with tariffs . 
  depending on the exact nature of the tariffs that the eu wants , this makes a uk/eu fta less desirable for the uk and makes wto standards more likely . 
  i think the commentator is usually a good commentator when it comes to the law , but not when it comes to politics and i think his anger at brexit is starting to show in some of his articles including this one . 
  i ca n't see what the uk has `` lost '' from the first round . 
  uk being clear that it does not want single market membership and will walk away from a bad deal strikes be an necessary points for the uk to make . 
  uk also pointing out that it is in the interests of the eu to have a good relationship with the eu is also a necessary point to make . 
   we 'd have to see how her attitude is perceived by her electorate , since we 're obviously biased . 
  electorate are very happy with may 's attitude . 
  common law has greater emphasis on freedom of contract ( e.g. 
  no contractual obligation of good faith ) . 
  common law is also considered more certain as courts are more tightly bound be precedent . 
  that would not be my choice , but some people would choose that . 
  theresa may is suggesting negotiating a fta without tariffs . 
  obviously , if we do n't agree one , there will be wto tariffs , but i do n't get why anyone would want tariffs in a fta . 
  not the official currency , but an official currency . 
  that would have been needed to keep the uk in . 
  actually , i would probably still have voted leave , but it would have been better ... 
  uk has limited money so it has to make choices about what to do with that money . 
  money spent on pensioners overseas might be better spent on something else instead . 
  that deal still was not good enough as the euro and gbp did not have equality in the eu . 
  only one of them was the official currency of the eu . 
  both the remain campaign and the leave campaigns argued that leaving the eu would mean that the uk would also end up leaving the internal market . 
  as a leave campaigner i argued constantly that the uk should leave the internal market and have not changed my view on that . 
  of course , in a democratic country no question is ever final and a sovereign people can always change their mind . 
  but given the referendum result , i think most people accept that we have to leave the eu . 
  i am more than happy for people to campaign to rejoin in the future , but we can not just ignore the largest ever vote in our country 's history . 
  we have to leave . 
  some countries have protectionist instincts . 
  the uk then became a bigger world power when it got rid of tariffs . 
  i think most people in the uk and definitely the uk government want to reduce tariffs . 
  ireland is not going to accept control of their tax laws . 
  leaving the eu is not insane . 
  i think the vast majority of remainers simply accept that they lost in a democratic vote and the question is now closed . 
  your president thinks it was a warm and balanced start . 
  luckily we are dealing with him and not you :-), 
  usa 's market is bigger than eu 's market . 
  i am also not doubting that . 
  yes , i am not denying the numbers . 
  but there is obviously significant euscepticism in scotland too . 
  otherwise the number of leave voters would not have been so high . 
  there has actually been very strong euscepticism in scotland too . 
  not as strong as in england and wales , but a significant amount of scots voted to leave the eu . 
   improvement takes more than 1-2 years to brainstorm , implement and take effect and the far right is gaining ground in many countries as we speak . 
  the eu is fighting for its own survival at this point . 
  as a brit it is n't for me to tell the eu how to become better any more , but i think the eu should listen carefully to may 's reasons for why uk is leaving . 
  i think the eu will become better if it becomes more flexible and lets member states have more individual freedom . 
  i also think the eu needs to be more flexible about the rest of the world . 
  but it is up to you . 
   it 's not fundamentally global , it is simply becoming more and more global , but not unlimitedly so . 
  in my mind it is because financial services are basically movements of capital and information which can all travel in seconds over the internet . 
  this is one of the reasons why i think the uk needed to vote leave , to fully embrace global capitalism and just become the best place to do global business ... 
  it seems odd that the aim is now to create a deterrent for other eu countries . 
  why not just try and make the eu better so that countries want to be in it ? 
   i do n't expect the eu to grant the uk everything it wants i find it a bit surprising that the eu wants tariffs , but if they do , that is fine . 
   no its the other way around , tarrifs are obvious i do n't get why you want tariffs personally . 
  but if you put them in place , i do n't think that would be a deal-breaker . 
   the clear scapegoating of the eu that both politicians and the media engaged in this again reflects a different political history in the uk and our different constitution .
