  less well off member states are not in this category . 
   since one existing between ireland and the uk is about citizens of those countries . 
  no , it is for people in the territories of those countries . 
   oh , so you do n't respect freedom of expression ? 
  i am shocked , shocked !, 
  as a matter of law i am more than happy for people to say what they like , but that does not mean that they should say anything that they are legally entitled to say . 
   and there was n't fences at that border before the current crisis . 
  yes there were . 
  they are required by law because croatia are not in schengen . 
   i also doubt if brits would be happy to see all eu and eea folks entering to the uk . 
  eu nationals will be able to travel to the uk without visas . 
   the british rejected the values of solidarity , integration , and close cooperation . 
  for all this talk about solidarity , integration and close cooperation , note that the uk is the only european country that gives both 0.7 % of gdp in overseas aid ( as per un targets ) and 2.0 % of gdp in military spending ( as per nato targets ) . 
  this is also my view . 
  the uk will also get the benefit of ireland publishing its own position soon . 
  this will be good for the uk because the irish position will likely be very similar to the uk position , but perhaps be more detailed . 
  in a sense ireland will make the uk 's argument for us . 
  ( funny world ... ), 
  the mods deleted your post . 
  i expect that if you continue to ignore the rules , you will be banned . 
  this is a nice story and a reminder that though humanity has the potential for evil acts , it also has the capacity for greatness . 
  there was talk of setting out heads of terms and detailed positions , but the government decided to sit on it . 
   not on the important things , obviously . 
  not really . 
  for example , the uk and germany are nato partners . 
  do you think this is important ? 
   because the only thing uk seems to care about nowadays is money . 
  but it 's ok . 
  lets agree that we share the idea that earning money is something good . 
  the uk is one of the few countries in the world that gives 0.7 % of gdp in overseas aid . 
  uk gives generously . 
  it seems that you dislike the uk and are not prepared to understand it . 
  this is a shame . 
   that happened due to the migrant crisis no . 
  croatia is not in schengen . 
  thank the lord you guys finally sorted out your crazy rules about signing documents in counterparts !, 
  your old system regularly gave me nervous breakdowns !, 
   mrw gibraltar gibraltar is not part of the united kingdom . 
   but part of the single market that allows eliminating border controls and physical borders . 
  that is not the case . 
  croatia is part of the single market , but not part of schengen , so there are checks on the border with slovenia . 
  this is the copy pasta for those not behind the paywall ... : the irish government will lay out its brexit negotiation objectives ahead of a summit of eu leaders next month as the bloc begins to shape its response to the uk 's withdrawal . 
  ireland will be the member state most exposed to the economic effects of the uk 's withdrawal from the single market and the customs union due to its strong trade links with britain . 
  in a statement responding to the formal start of talks , the government said it would issue a `` consolidated paper providing more detail about our priorities and our approach to the negotiations ahead '' . 
  the paper will be published ahead of the first formal summit of 27 leaders in late april . 
  senior eu officials have stressed the unity of the remaining member states as they enter talks , but the priorities of the irish government are likely to be a key consideration for brussels and the uk . 
  the irish government has already said it wants to retain its open border and common travel area with northern ireland . 
  ireland would `` negotiate from a position of strength as an integral part of the eu 27 team , and will work with all our partners to achieve the best possible outcome '' , the government said . 
  this is good news from the uk 's perspective , because ireland is likely to have a very aligned position to the uk . 
  but , we will see !, 
  that is not relevant to crossing borders . 
  it is not part of the customs union . 
  may is going all in on security , that is interesting . 
  the uk does want to work with germany . 
  please understand that . 
   if spain wanted ti leave the eu and the catalonians wanted to stay or vice versa i would be ok with them splitting up . 
  i am also ok with it if it happened . 
  however , i would not express a preference either way because it is just not my business and i consider it a bit rude to want to break up a foreign country . 
  this is after all something people feel emotional about . 
  lots of people are attached to their country . 
   breaking up from the eu is much worse than splitting one single country . 
  the eu is the greatest political endeavor ever made in human history even if you believe this and were opposed to brexit , this still is not a reason for you to want to break up the uk . 
  it really is none of your business . 
  this is probably why you are not saying you want catalonian independence , because you know it is not your business . 
   and you brits threw it all away because you are afraid of a few poles and rumanians . 
  i voted leave . 
  i love poles and romanians . 
   pretty sure the echr and eu charter of fundemental rights are binding for implementation of all eu law . 
  uk has an opt out on the charter though i think . 
  i was talking specifically about the single market here , rather than eu law in general . 
  out of interest , do you hope that catalonia becomes independent ? 
  personally i do n't think it is really acceptable to express a preference about breaking up other countries . 
   the uk is not in `` the entire world '' , it 's in europe . 
  europe is part of the world . 
  obviously it makes sense for the uk to cooperate with the entire world . 
  presumably you want your country to do this too ? 
   i do n't trust tories to enforce quality standards , environmental regulations , and human rights to the same degree of effectiveness as the eu . 
  human rights and most environmental regulations are not part of the single market acquis , so this is entirely irrelevant to the question of the eea . 
   it is also very inefficient and damaging not to cooperate on a europe-wide scale and keep everything at the national level without proper harmonisation . 
  the uk will continue to cooperate with the entire world . 
   is n't it one of the stated goals of the tory manifesto to have immigration in the ` tens of thousands ' ? 
  yes it is . 
  i vote tory , but this is not a target i support . 
  i am also not convinced that the tory party really believe in this target . 
   eu quality standards enforced why do you care what laws the uk has ? 
  i do n't care what laws belgium has . 
  i am happy for your own democracy to make those decisions . 
  i find it weird that you do n't want the uk 's democracy to make its own laws . 
   continued dominance of london as a global centre within the single market , why does the single market need a global financial centre ? 
  lots of countries do n't have global financial centres . 
  just like canada , usa and australia have high immigration i expect that the uk will . 
  the british people , just like canadians , americans and australians will elect parliaments that continue to allow many immigrants to come to the uk . 
   wait till leave backers ask if these foreigners will be driving down wages ( bad ) or on welfare ( worse ) . 
  i voted leave and i am very keen on the uk having high immigration . 
   common travel law is not a one that lets all goods and all people in and out . 
  the uk and ireland 's common travel area already lets all people in and out . 
  you do not need a hard border for goods , because sweden and norway do not have a hard border . 
   use it or suffer like the rest of the uk . 
  the uk is not suffering . 
   i 'm very disappointed by that why did you want the uk in the single market ?
