  not a done deal though !, 
  i also agree that arguably a labour victory now is perhaps the best case scenario for brexit . 
  if the conservatives lose the election , there is the possibilility that the put a real eusceptic in charge . 
   if your statement is true why is it that the majority of parties in the european parliament are pro-eu ? 
  the european parliament contains directly elected representatives , and the majority of those are for an `` ever closer union '' . 
  just because you dont think the eu should be working towards a closer union doesnt mean others dont , and you can infer this from the makeup of the european parliament . 
  of uk representatives in the european parliament , most people do n't think we should be working towards ever closer union . 
  obviously , meps from other countries disagree . 
  this fundamental difference in views between the uk and the rest of the eu is one of the reasons why we must part company . 
   our partner company tried and got rejected in the end , on the basis that they `` did n't try hard enough to find a suitable candidate within eu '' . 
  nobody did it say what exactly is `` trying hard enough '' . 
  maybe its because i work for a lawfirm , but personally i found dealing with the forms somewhat quick and easy . 
  or maybe the forms are just easier in the uk than they are in the netherlands ...  if the british gov ' t wants to close its border for eu citizens , i imagine it will be very difficult for reu to allow brits to still have free access to the work market . 
  i think `` close its borders '' sounds a bit dramatic . 
  i do n't think anyone is proposing that there would be no immigration at all from the reu to the uk after a brexit . 
  even ukip 's policy now is for net immigration to the uk to be in the region of 50,000 people per year . 
  the reality is that far more people from reu want to work in the uk than the other way round . 
  for the vast majority of brits , not having free access to the reu job markets does n't really matter . 
  after all , nobody in the uk really minds that we do n't have free access to the canadian , american and australian job markets , yet many of us manage to go there to work all the same . 
  i therefore expect that some kind of arrangement would be possible with reu . 
   exactly , it would literally cripple the british economy . 
  markets hate , and i repeat hate uncertainty and will avoid it like the plague , if the uk does a euro exit their stock market is going to dive to hades , and lets be honest , the city is far to influential and far to important for the economy to let it be mutilated for what is for all intents and purposes a momentary nationalist circlejerk which the french with le pen was to do as well . 
  there already is uncertainty and yet the markets do n't seem to be worried . 
  since david cameron announced the conservative policy of a referendum , there has been huge amounts of foreign direct investment in the uk and many many new jobs created . 
  if markets hated uncertainty , would n't we already be seeing some impact on the uk economy ? 
   also many multinationals , would immediately relocate to germany or ireland , and that will leave a huge pecuniary hole . 
  no politician is actually going to do it or willing to do it . 
  really ? 
  this will all depend on the relationship that the uk and reu manage to negotiate . 
  given that the uk is the reu 's largest export market , i expect we will come to a sensible arrangement . 
   when the actual exit would come into force , including an exit from the eea , there almost certainly would be a clause that would permit citizens of either party to stay where they are , at the very least if they are employed , enrolled in a university , or whatnot . 
  there are about 2.5 million ( non-uk ) eu citizens living in the uk , and about 750k uk citizens living elsewhere in the eu . 
  social issues with uprooting all of them aside , there is no way the economy could replace all of them over night , and those are far too many to process individually . 
  so , they 'd be all but guaranteed to be allowed to stay some way or the other . 
  i agree this is by far the most likely outcome . 
  neither party is going to want an arrangement which would involve masses of people being forced to move country . 
   to be quite a few of the men who wrote the usa constitution were under a greater french influence rather than british . 
  i am sure an american can correct me but thomas jefferson and benjamin franklin 's ideologies were based on french philosophical thought , more than english . 
  i even believe it was the latter who said : `` everyman has a second home in the world ; paris . '', 
  this is something that historians argue about and i would agree that french politics/constitutional principles have also had a large influence in the u.s. 
  i guess i am just trying to explain to themadflemming why we should n't really be surprised that there is some political overlap between the us and uk ... 
   you two are so similar , you should be in a union or something like that . 
  [ the franco-british union was proposed during europe 's darkest hours last century ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-british_union ) . 
  can you even begin to imagine the gigantic arguments we would have had together ? 
  there would be constant tension !, 
  we are similar in terms of our place in history and our roles on the world stage but we are so different ideologically . 
  we are much better separate than we would be together ... 
   however , if mr farage gets his way it will be a lot harder for you to get a job in the eu unless you have a very specific skillset that we need . 
  being able to get jobs ultimately depends on what skillset you have . 
  as a german working in the uk you have probably encountered people from all over the world ( not just the eu ) working in the uk , no ? 
  as an employer i regularly hire australians and kiwis as i need them !, 
  the fact that they are not eu citizens is really not a very big obstacle . 
  similarly , as i am sure you are aware there are currently thousands of british people working all over the world ( not just in the eu ) who get jobs because they are economically productive . 
  this is how things should be . 
   i have a lot of british friends in germany and here who are planning to move away who are getting very nervous that cameron / farage could really screw up their future plans . 
  they really should n't be nervous . 
  either they are good at their jobs and have good skills ( in which case they will be very employable all round the world ) or they are not good at their jobs and do n't have good skills ( in which case their options are limited anyway ) . 
  the reality is that there will continue to be many reuropeans ( like you ) working in the uk after a brexit ( as our economy needs them and they need the jobs we offer ) and there will also be brits working in reu . 
  yes - things like gay marriage are a much bigger deal in france than the uk . 
  the next election in france might be a bit of a boring one , the ump already have it in the bag . 
  this probably means they wo n't even need to promise much . 
  the only question that is somewhat interesting is how well marine does . 
  in the uk the next election will be fought on the economy , the nhs . 
  the eu and immigration . 
  of these issues , the only big policy difference between the conservatives and labour is the referendum on the eu : the other things just get discussed because they are perceived strengths/weaknesses of the main parties . 
  in the us the left and the right are close together economically , but far apart socially , especially on things like abortion and gay marriage , but also to a lesser extent on gun ownership , role of church in the state etc. 
  thus these social divisions end up being hugely important electorally in the us . 
  in the uk , we have n't really had elections fought on this kind of thing as the left and the right are not really very divided socially . 
  you 're starting to sound like a conspiracy theorist . 
  of course votes matter in the us . 
  why are you so terrified of a brexit ? 
  rather than worrying about citizenship , focus on what your skillset is . 
  if you have the right qualificatioms , you can work amywhere . 
  if you do n't , you are pretty much stuck , regardless of citizenship . 
  nato causes peace because it stops russia invading . 
  trade also contributes to peace : however , you can gace free trade withiut the eu . 
  the eu did not cause groeth in the eu - without the eu europe would have grown economically . 
  currently the eu is causing the eurozone economy to stagnate . 
  of course the usa is a democracy - it has regular free elections with changes of govrnement . 
  you might think you are competing against the us , but really we 're not . 
  our interests are aligned . 
  you will never create a federal eu with the uk in it . 
  we will sabbotage it forever . 
  if you want a federal eu , you need to start campaigning for a brexit . 
  the eu is not the cause of the peace in europe , it is the consequence . 
  nato is the cause of peace in europe . 
  the eu has not caused economic growth in europe . 
  other non eu countries in the world such as the usa , canada , singapore , australia , japan , south korea and new zealand have kept pace economically with the eu . 
  as for being partitioned : germany was portioned because of ww2 - a war in which it was the main aggressor . 
  the usa and india are essentially on the same side as europe , being democracies . 
  european nations should be allied with the us and the rest of the nations in the world that are liberal , free and democratic . 
  we 're not competing against them . 
  we do n't need the union . 
  we do n't really need to replace it with anything - though perhaps we can beef up the council of europe somewhat . 
  ultimately the eu does not represent good governance ( which is why disasters like the euro are able to happen ) . 
  unsurprisingly the uk and the usa have always had somewhat similar politics : we share a legal system , a language and their whole constitution was written by people came from the british political tradition . 
  however , there are also some big differences : the culture wars which are a large part of us politics are non-existent in the uk . 
  there is no particular move in the uk towards us politics that is recent . 
  look at how the euro was constructed . 
  it put nation-building above economics and has been a disaster .
