  i am pleased that euphiles and eusceptics debate in the same place ... 
  i think that is a flawed assumption . 
  i 'm very much a europhile , speak several european languages , have lived in continental europe and have been in long relationships with other european nationals ... 
  so this sub is my natural home . 
  being a europhile is consistent with wanting a europe of nation states and being against further integration . 
  to be fair , there are a high number of loons in ukip . 
  this is hardly surprising , as a new party they are really lacking the infrastructure to weed out the real loons , though slowly they are becoming more professional . 
  i have ' t changed my position though . 
  i also try to write clearly - look at my first post on this thread : how much clearer can i be ?!, 
  you upvoted for me , would you have done that if i had the english flag or the union jack ?!, 
  i 'm not sure in truth how much difference a flair makes . 
  in my case , i do seem to notice a difference , but i can never know for sure . 
  i think it is really worth distinguishing between those eusceptic parties that have come from a far right tradition e.g. 
  front national , and those that have not e.g. 
  i think it is rather poor form to insinuate that someone who votes / is a member of ukip is a racist or xenophobe or to imply that ukip 's reasons for wanting to leave the eu are racist . 
  at my last ukip branch meeting , of 18-20 activists , three turned out to be non-uk nationals !, 
  i frequently express a view on the forum that i think britain and the eu should part ways . 
  i used to have the union jack as my flair and i used to get a lot of downvotes ( perhaps people assumed i was an eusceptic brit ) . 
  now i express the same opinions but seem to get lots of upvotes ( perhaps people assume i am a uksceptic european ) . 
  unfortunately for you , the eusceptic vote will be extremely motivated for the european elections . 
  in britain `` green '' is an acceptable way to vote for an academic . 
  ( but , as you say , greens tend in practice to be somewhere between socialist and communist ... ), 
  i have a strong preference for the uk to pull out altogether . 
  in terms of the balance of power between the european parliament , the comission and the council , i really do n't care very much . 
  i suppose i have a mild preference for the council to have more power ( as that represents the nation state ) and after that the parliament and then finally the commission . 
  but , certainly , i am not worried by there being more ukip meps . 
  i agree . 
  very often in politics it makes sense to vote for the least worst option . 
  for example , i dislike quite a few ukip policies ( as i am fairly pro-immigration ) but i will vote for them as the least worst option . 
  my strong suspicion is that the bnp will have no seats left in europe ( and with that , lose their last remaining political representation ) . 
  correct - there is also a tradition of euscepticism within certain segments of the labour party in britain and i expect that to increase . 
  many trade unions in the uk are also eusceptic . 
  it is true that the ultimate power to remove britain from the eu resides in westminster rather than brussels , as you say . 
  however , a large vote for ukip in the european elections will have a big impact on politics in westminster . 
  i am british . 
  i am going to vote ukip , as i want britain to leave the eu . 
  as a matter of international law , it really is n't clear and there are competing arguments . 
  personally , i am strongly in flavour of the catalans having a referendum on independence , but i recognise there are competing arguments . 
  firstly , it is n't completely clear that catalans represent a `` people '' under international law as this concept is also uncertain . 
  secondly , catalans already do have some self-governance and some autonomy . 
  thirdly , the right to self-determination under international law grew up in relation to colonialism and occupation by foreign powers , and it is hard to argue that this applies in the case of spain and catalunia . 
  fourthly , the principle of sovereignty and non-interference under international law is very strong ( and in my opinion this is why the eu should not get involved ) . 
  i therefore think the legal argument is not the best one for catalunia at the moment . 
  if they want independence , they should vote for parties in favour of intependence in elections and then try and negotiate a political agreement with spain once they have a majority . 
  ( like scotland and the uk did ) . 
  i recognise that they are close to doing this and that spain is not as good as the uk at recognising this political process . 
  similar issue in uk with labour , conservatives and liberal democrats taking fairly close policy positions on most things . 
  this is one of the reasons why ukip are likely to do well at the european elections . 
  we do n't really have an insurgent party of the left in the uk at the moment . 
  the greens are the closest , but they have been around for a long while . 
  the un sanctioned right to self-determination is very vague though . 
  it does n't automatically mean a right to independence . 
  spain could , for example , argue that they are already complying with this right by allowing catalonia be an autonomous region within spain and by respecting the right of catalans to use their own language etc. 
  ( not saying i agree with this - simply that it is not really straightforward or conclusive . ), 
  i do n't think the eu really has the grounds to suggest that there should be a referendum , that strikes me as beyond the powers of the eu . 
  ultimately ( along with most international law ) political factors will be more important than legal factors though . 
  the single most important political event for catalunia in recent years has been the uk and scotland . 
  the fact that the uk agreed to a binding independence referendum for scotland means that it has become harder for spain to deny it for catalunia . 
  catalunia also knows that if scotland votes to stay in the uk , then the momentum for independence for catalunia will be lost somewhat . 
  that is why they need to make as much progress as possible in the coming months . 
  as an englishman , i hope that scotland will gain independence , but would be surprised if they do . 
  the likelihood is that the greens will lose their only seat . 
  i do n't think you can blame the libdems for not reforming the voting system . 
  you have to blame the british public for that . 
  but unfortunately - because all economic variables are very linked - it is impossible to experiment with rich people 's tax rates without also impacting poor people 's livelihoods in someway . 
  for example , we have just seen an increase in unemployment in france and there are people that argue that this increase is a direct consequence of holaande 's policies . 
  this is very good news for the british economy and looks like growth is continuing to strengthen . 
  if this growth continues , the general election will be close . 
  and have you found work yet in the uk , if you do n't mind the question ? 
  yeah - if you criticise socialists on / r/europe you know you will get downvoted out of existence ... 
  it does n't put off many hundreds of thousands of people who have moved to london ( me included ) and found work there . 
  many people move half way across europe to work on the minimum wage in london . 
  i 'm not really sure why british people think they ca n't do that when they already have the advantage of speaking the language and understanding the culture and system etc. 
  it will be interesting to see what happens in france and how successful his tax raising policies are . 
  i agree - in macroeconomics almost nothing is proof because there are almost always other factors involved . 
  personally i do not think that hollande will end up collecting significantly more taxes . 
  this would not happen in the uk . 
  in the uk she would easily be able to sue her lawyer for professional negligence and recover the full amount . 
  all lawyers are required to take out insurance to cover this kind of thing . 
  gim me a break - it is very easy to get a job in london right now . 
  if you want to work in britain you can . 
  if you do n't want to , you do n't have to . 
  hollande ' policy of a 75 per cent tax rate is not going to end up raising more taxes though . 
  in britain , since cameron cut the top rate of tax , tax receipts have gone up , not down . 
  no , not like france . 
  the prognosis for france is rather poor . 
  some countries are already growing ( poland , irleland , uk etc ), 
  very interesting article . 
  in a democracy , if ever there is a clash between an entity with a clear democratic mandate and an entity without a clear democratic mandate , it is always best to prefer the entity with the democratic mandate . 
  that 's why my money is on merkel rather than the commission . 
  it is likely that the netherlands will be growing again very soon . 
  macroeconomic data for france is currently very mixed . 
  last prediction i saw for q4 2013 is 0.4 growth though . 
  if they get that it will be rather good news . 
  the unemployment figures are very worrying though . 
  the socialists are going to be devastated in local elections and european elections in france in 2014 . 
  northern european countries like denmark , sweden , norway and uk have strong traditions of democracy . 
  the democratic will of those countries is not to join the euro . 
  it is very important , in the long term for europeans , to respect democracy . 
  liberte , egalite and fraternite are not specific european values , but french values .
