  satire is dead . 
  outside the eu we have more ability to put in place free trade with the rest of the world . 
  there are many countries that are extremely successful in terms of their trade that are not in the eu . 
   what is the point of ` controlling ' immigration , other than to put up arbitrary red tape because ` waa foreigners ' ? 
  all countries in the world control immigration . 
  are you suggesting that the uk has no immigration control at all ? 
   not without lengthy trade deals , which we do not have the negotiators ( or time ) to handle without severe concessions . 
  other countries in the world manage free trade negotiations . 
  if you think australia can do it , why do you think the uk is too stupid ? 
   not without also affording that privilege to every other country on the planet , if we plan on continuing to be a member of the wto . 
  it is a bit more complicated than that , because wto does not require tariffs on services and eu companies are already complying with uk domestic regulation . 
  so the status quo already mitigates towards the uk allowing inwards free trade from the eu . 
  however , i think we can take this opportunity to allow free trade with the rest of the world too . 
  i am in favour of free trade . 
   great , a completely useless power control of immigration is not a useless power . 
  we can see many countries using it to good effect , e.g. 
  canada , usa , australia all seem to manage it well ,  in exchange for getting kicked out of the single market i want to leave the single market . 
  you might want to remain in it , but i guess to bad you lost the referendum . 
   and having to reimplement tariffs our eu membership requires us to have tariffs on the rest of the world . 
  outside the customs union , we have far greater ability to remove tariffs , which i am looking forward to us doing . 
   the eu negotiators will seek a deal that 's in the best interests of the remaining member states . 
  the main difficulty here for the eu is that different member states have different interests . 
   where is the failure , that 's the question . 
  euro seems to be churning along . 
  the eurozone needs fundamental and radical change to be made to work . 
  putting in place permanent fiscal transfers and eurobonds is really a very big change , but it is necessary . 
  my fear for you is that if you deny the scale of the changes needed , the euro will never work . 
   oh , you mean the tendency of profit margin to fall through time and consequently the housing market crash in the us because of desires to recap those profits through deregulation of risky buying ? 
  if you are still blaming the sub-prime crisis for the eurozone problems , you will never succeed . 
  because do you know what - other non eurozone countries were also exposed to sub-prime debt and they have not had the same difficulties that the eurozone has . 
   we 're going to slash corporate taxation , and taxation upon the wealthy . 
  we have already been reducing corporation tax over the last few years and this has happened irrespective of brexit . 
  it is still not as low as several eu countries . 
  i personally hope we reduce it further . 
  but if you want to increase corporation tax , by all means vote for a labour government . 
  i am not sure why you say that we are going to slash taxation upon the wealthy . 
  any particular citation here ? 
   we will slash public spending to accommodate that change . 
  we have to reduce public spending because we have a deficit . 
  at the last general election basically all political parties committed to reduce the deficit . 
  this is something that has to happen irrespective of brexit . 
   the dutch and french with geert wilders and mlp have healthy levels of anti eu support . 
  there is a bit of a difference between the tradition of euscepticism in the uk and france and the netherlands . 
  in the uk , euscepticism has been strong within mainstream parties of government , labour and the conservatives . 
  this has not tended to be the case in france and the netherlands , with euscepticism tending to be confined to the extremes of politics . 
  ( at this point i would welcome evidence from dutch and french redditors pointing out examples of euscepticism within mainstream parties , in case i am mistaken ) . 
  this makes me think that the possibility of a brexit was always much higher than the possibility of a nexit or a frexit . 
   because it 's looking increasingly like we 're going to have to remodel our whole economy and not in ways i think many leave voters would have chosen for . 
  all countries in the world will have to remodel their economies , to cope with the coming technological revolution and increasing globalisation . 
  this is something we should embrace and not fear . 
   until either dissent in eu governance had grown to a point that we would n't find ourselves isolated and needing to remodel our economy ; trying to solve the eurozone crisis is going to consume the energy of the eu for the next decade . 
  i 'm not really sure what we had to gain for sticking round to watch them do this from the side lines . 
   what policy failure ? 
  putting in place a currency union in an area where there are very different economies operating at different efficiencies without sufficient fiscal transfers , pooled debt or political institutions with oversight , causing imbalances in unit labour costs to build up , causing vastly different levels of unemployment and out of control sovereign debt in some states . 
   what is the eu going to say if the uk is doing fine , with being a member state of the eu ? 
  and what are ( the people of ) other member states going to say ? 
  i do n't envisage this being a particular problem for the eu . 
  after all , we already know that the uk managed to do fine outside the euro , for example , and we know how the eu has responded to that - ignore and double down . 
  what did the people of other member states say ? 
  it did not really change their belief that the euro is a good thing or a necessary thing . 
   frustratingly the uk was isolated from the eurozone problems and could have simply waited a few years to see how things pan out with the eurozone . 
  do you know what ? 
  we already waited several few years to see how things pan out with the eurozone . 
  we all already have multiple years of evidence to see how good politicians are at dealing with that crisis , but they still have not done the first fundamental exercise , which is asking themselves who is responsible for causing the problem in the first place and analysing the reasons for this policy failure . 
  how many more years does it make sense to wait ? 
  these questions should arise whether or not scotland is inside or outside the uk . 
  scotland should ensure that its economy is not dependent on oil prices and needs to get rid of the current structural deficit . 
  these are not overnight or easy things to sort out and the current scottish government is not really facing up to these issues . 
  but that is a problem of the current scottish government rather than something inherent about scotland or the scottish people . 
   scotland would have been poorer leaving the uk but i doubt they 'd have minded . 
  i am not convinced that in the long run scotland would be poorer if they left the uk , and i write as someone that strongly supports the union . 
  in fact , i was embarrassed to be on the same side as project fear on that debate . 
  it was hugely insulting to scottish people to somehow imply that they are not capable of governing themselves , and was one of the reasons for the very high `` yes '' result . 
   both free trade in services with the eu uk can unilaterally allow free trade in services from the eu to the uk ( and i think it should ) . 
  the uk is also , outside the eu , able to pursue free trade in services on a global basis in a more tailored way . 
  [ thecityuk ] ( https://www.thecityuk.com/news/thecityuk-hails-opportunity-for-trade-and-investment-policy-reset/ ) wrote a good paper on this recently if you are interested in the issue . 
   and immigration from the eu have positive economic effects . 
  outside the eu , the uk can choose , if it wants , to manage immigration in a different way , either by relaxing immigration laws , tightening them or modifying them . 
  if we look at other english speaking liberal democracies , australia , new zealand , canada and usa , they all manage to have high immigration even though they are all outside the eu . 
  given that they can manage high immigration , i expect that the uk will be able to do this too . 
  many thanks for your answer , i agree that in practice views can represent a range of options rather than a binary outcome . 
  i do . 
  i think it will make the uk richer . 
  i would say that there are good options for all wines in the uk , but i am not really a wine expert . 
  send some bulgarian wine this way and i will send you some financial issues ... 
  we do have information . 
  the fca have published a discussion paper - it is on their website . 
  they will consult further . 
  we can help them shape the law here . 
  as for uniformity , uk is leaving the eu , exactly to stop being uniform . 
   greater ability of judges to make ( and thus also change ) law is we in the common law world do n't think of making law as being the same as changing law . 
  the ability of a judge to create a precedent in a new area is different from the ability of a judge to divert from a previous precedent . 
   and i feel like it undermines a bit that fundamental presumption that everyone should know what the law says . 
  one of the principles/theories of the common law is that judges are , when they make law , simply making judgments based on accepted commercial and market practices and what society considered fair . 
  notions of `` reasonableness '' and `` mercantile custom '' and `` equity '' and '' [ the man on the clapham omnibus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_man_on_the_clapham_omnibus ) '' are deeply engrained in our legal tradition . 
  in theory , therefore , the law should be close to what people would expect it to be . 
  in practice , access to justice and the cost of law is a difficult question in all jurisdictions , but i am not sure if legal codification really helps people understand the law or appreciate it . 
  i think things like quick and efficient justice , open justice etc are more important . 
   but it can be a problem when you need a quick large change and the legislature is unable or unwilling to pass reforms . 
  then you 're sometimes stuck with having to rely on some rather strained interpretations of fact and precedent to enact change ( or not do it at all ) .
