  are you really going to try and invade us ? 
  yes of course . 
  wales is , i believe , a net contributor to the eu . 
  even if the uk gives no extra money to the eu , wales will be better off . 
  uk has a functioning democracy with huge fiscal transfers around the uk . 
  food will be cheaper for everyone if we cut import tariffs on agriculture completely and stop subsidising farmers . 
  exactly because i want cheap healthy food , i voted to leave . 
  barely managing folk voted to leave too . 
  i am sure they want to benefit from cheaper food . 
  regulatory harmonisation is a bad thing for the eu . 
  the uk will be free to regulate innovatively when we are out of the eu . 
  this will be good for all of us . 
  i am not sure of any voter who took the 350 nhs as a specific manifesto commitment . 
  i voted for the uk to leave the eu . 
  i do not want the money we save to go to the nhs . 
  i am not happy to starve anyone . 
  i believe in free trade . 
  nobody is obliged to sell stuff to the uk if they do n't want to . 
  however , a lot of countries like exporting . 
  trade is a good thing , not a bad thing . 
  we all benefit from it . 
  i am surprised you do n't like free trade . 
  if someone can do that it would definitely be interesting . 
  it would also generally be interesting simply to see if uk posters get downvoted here . 
  you do know that people in the uk still want to leave the eu do n't you ? 
  since the referendum , the eu has become less popular . 
  the 350m figure is the gross figure , used in ons data . 
  i have supported brexit for years on this sub , so have always received many downvotes from people that do not like eusceptics !, 
  people are very angry with british people who voted to leave the eu , but i understand why they are so confused and upset . 
  so i reckon my karma is lower now !, 
  however , i did notice that in the user survey i was one of the favourite posters , so i do have some kind of fan base :-), 
  uk is a liberal democracy and may is a mainstream conservative . 
  she had not taken an anti europe stance . 
  may likes europe . 
  that was n't a manifesto commitment . 
  british people did not starve during ww2 . 
  we are not heading towards a war . 
  uk abandoned agriculture more than 250 years ago . 
  the best way to keep people well fed is to support free trade . 
  the title said nothing about whether or not farmers supported brexit . 
  titles should not be editorialised . 
  wales receives much more money from the uk than it receives from the eu . 
  now that the uk is leaving the eu , the uk will be able to invest that money in wales . 
  no - unsurprisingly it is very wealthy banks like goldman sachs and jp morgan that benefitted from the eu , which is why they gave money to the remain campaign . 
  i find it weird when rich people tell poor people how to vote because apparently it is in the interests of those poor people . 
  then rich people get annoyed when the poor people disobey the rich people and instead choose themselves how to vote . 
  while this poll is interesting , it was not conducted by a polling company and the results have not been weighted to make it representative . 
  as such , we should be cautious before we rely on it . 
  no - the lies were on the remain side . 
  people do n't regret voting leave . 
  instead , people regret voting remain . 
  most people think that we are capable of governing ourselves . 
  let 's hope so !, 
  nobody is forcing you to buy food you do n't want to eat . 
  if you want to spend more money on subsided food , that is your choice . 
  if you do n't like free trade , then you and i just have different values . 
  personally i am looking forward to removing subsidies for farmers ( we have better things to spend that money on ) and removing tariffs . 
  if you want to keep spending your taxes on farmers and keep distorting tariffs , vote for a party that is against free trade . 
  welcome on board . 
  the risk with people editorialising titles is that it can strongly distort discussions and create fake news . 
  uk has not been food self sufficient since 1760s . 
  even when literally hitler was literally blockading us we did n't ever think about becoming food self sufficient . 
  let uk farmers compete on world markets . 
  i am happy to eat food from anywhere personally . 
  if there are polls , do link to them . 
  i do n't think anecdotes add much . 
  poor people know what is best for poor people . 
  they do n't need rich people to tell them how to vote . 
  once we are out of the cap , food will be cheaper for everyone in the uk . 
  not sure if you are aware , but there are rules about editorialising titles . 
  please refrain from doing this . 
  as a consumer i am looking forward to the uk reducing tariffs so we can get cheaper food . 
  also looking forward to gm crops . 
  why has the title been editorialised ? 
  any data on how farmers voted ? 
  i am afraid you are completely wrong in your interpretation of the law . 
  if ireland were to want to treat british citizens the same as irish citizens , that is not something that the eu can stop . 
  this is a question for ireland to decide . 
  the legal stuff has been fairly quick . 
  i do n't think there has really been any wasting time . 
  these comments are not representative really . 
  if you get a group of young british and irish people socialising it is not easy to spot the difference , other than accents . 
  ( unless the rugby is on ! ), 
  thanks - that is really interesting about your next parliament and presidential elections and the kind of media campaigns you will get . 
  let 's hope for the best ... 
  the concept of `` equivalence '' within eu financial services regulation is a concept which does not apply to eu member states ( for which there is meant to be a single rule book and identical regulation ) but to third countries outside the eu , which are outside the single market , outside eu law and outside the cjeu . 
  for example , under the alternative investment fund managers directive , there are a whole range of jurisdictions that are considered equivalent for the purposes of eu law , even though their regulation is of course not identical to eu law . 
  within the emir framework , it is already the case that u.s. central counterparties are considered to operate under an equivalent framework to the eu , but of course the detailed rules are very different . 
  we already know that these regimes work . 
  they can be further improved and extended to other areas , eg crd . 
  of course , the country that pushed for the concept of equivalence by far the most for years has been the uk . 
  for us , having an open financial services regime has been essential . 
  obviously , who knows whether the eu will continue with this now we are leaving , the debate about protectionism or openness will be an interesting one for you . 
  it is difficult to predict . 
  whether the eu considers uk rules to be equivalent is difficult to predict . 
  obviously , as things stand , the uk rules are identical to the eu ones , but there is a risk that the eu will take a politicised decision here . 
  the reason why you would want to have a framework of equivalence with the uk is because you presumably do not want to add to the costs of capital of eu business and you want the eu to be fully integrated into the global financial system . 
  london is three quarters of the eu 's capital markets . 
  it is your financial centre . 
   russia is nowadays extremely good at playing their cards right - they may have way more limited resources than the west , but they can use them way more efficiently .
