  we need to either : - establish a ferry service so nobody needs to get into an unsafe boat managed by smugglers ; - stop boats setting sail somehow ( while incredibly difficult , there are ways of trying to deal with this ) ; or - just get used to hundreds of migrants drowning in the med regularly . 
  good negotiation skills be the euro-outs ... 
   i think information that is public will and should remain public forever . 
  i see no good reason to assist people in privatizing information and trying to rewrite history . 
  i agree . 
  this right to be forgotten law strikes me as not only technologically ridiculous but will also end up having morally questionable outcomes . 
  we 've not heard the last on the matter though . 
  we do n't have a president , our head of state , the queen , would likely want to stay out of money lending business , she would probably smile and pretend not to hear you . 
  our pm , david cameron , would not lend you a penny . 
  we do n't really have an opposition at the moment ( other than nicola ) . 
   the price norway pays for this fact is that it lives by the eu rules while having absolutely no influence on any of them . 
  afaik the whole point of uk leaving the eu would be to get rid of eu influence and laws you brits do n't like . 
  this is not quite true . 
  not all of eu legislation applies to norway and there is also a process whereby norway can provide input into the eu legislation that applies to it . 
  norwegians prefer their situation to being in the eu and i think brits would also prefer it too . 
  however , my preferred position is n't the norwegian model . 
  i do n't think the uk should be part of the eea . 
   ( ever closer union is in the preamble , it has no binding power ) `` ever closer union '' was initially just a preamble , however , it is now within article 1 of the treaty , which only allows power to go to the union and not in the other direction . 
  even as a preamble it has always been used by zealous judges at the cjeu ( most of which come from legal traditions in which preambles and purposive provisions have to be considered ) to push the law in a communautaire direction . 
  this is why it is fundamental that it no longer applies to the uk . 
   the uk wo n't . 
  the political parties will not want to piss of the media which they hugely depend on to get elected . 
  without knowing what regulation you are talking about it is hard to comment on this . 
   i do n't care about media bias . 
  what i do n't want is a large number of media having the same bias because they happen to be owned by the same people . 
  as already mentioned , there are many different media groups in the uk , owned by different people . 
   there are people who would disagree . 
  there are still us troops in germany and there is still a massive amount of german gold stored abroad . 
  germany is still very much the country that lost during ww2 . 
  they are dominant in places where they are allowed to be dominant . 
  this is a german choice , based on german history . 
  the uk is not in this position ... 
  the uk is still very much the country that won the war and then lost the peace . 
   yes you still have eu regulation holding them back . 
  that being said , all papers is probably impossible . 
  but with 30-40 % share you can already influence politics in a pretty major way . 
  which regulation exactly ? 
  ( if this regulation is a good thing , the uk can put in place a similar piece of legislation when we leave the eu . ), 
   and yes the bbc has by far the largest share . 
  but are n't they too neutral to cancel out the biased press . 
  i mean would they come to the defense of the eu when the eu would get slandered with lies by some of the more eu-skeptic press ? 
  all media is biased in one respect or another . 
  also , it makes no sense to try and get rid of biased press . 
  the best way to reach the truth is to consider a range of different opinions , which require bias . 
  that 's why i read the guardian and the telegraph every day . 
  i do n't spend much time with the bbc . 
   germany is the fourth , they are not really independent though . 
  same with the uk , the uk just does n't come over as independent . 
  germany could if it wanted be very independent . 
  also , germany is extremely dominant in eurozone politics . 
  ( one of the good things about the uk leaving the eu will be that we wo n't need to think about germany so much . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love germany , but i think we should let them get on running the rest of the eu while we run ourselves . ), 
   if all papers are owned by the same guy it 's only an illusion of choice . 
  your argument would hold ground if people were properly informed , they are n't . 
  my argument holds ground because the newspapers are n't all owned by the same guy . 
  major newspapers in the uk include the sun , mail , express , mirror , guardian , independent , telegraph , times , financial times , star . 
  that is 8 different media groups . 
  then there are other influential publications , including new statesman , economist , spectator . 
  then there are multiple other publications from all over the world that we can access . 
  then there is the bbc . 
  then there is r/europe . 
  i 'm not sure what the problem is . 
  i 'm not sure who is attracted because of the falklands . 
  however , the uk was of course correct to defend the falklands from argentina . 
   well , the `` no id required '' also plays a role . 
  i agree that no id cards are a pull factor , but in my mind they are not the main one . 
  i think the following are the main pull factors related to calais : - work - english language ( next biggest ) - presence of family members / friends - lack of id cards - uk soft power and marketing ( in a way the uk was too successful at exporting things like pop music , the royal family and the english premier league - these things seem somehow to make the uk a desirable place to be ) - benefits system almost none of these things can easily be changed or should be changed in my mind . 
   the eu in its current form is far from optimal but i do n't see a better alternative . 
  the world today is ruled by giants and only by creating our own giant can we withstand their influences . 
  the uk is not a giant and is not a minnow . 
  it is the fifth biggest economy in the world , the fifth biggest military power , with alliances all over the world , the most important global financial centre and huge soft power . 
  i think the uk will be okay outside the eu !, 
   well the bbc is a great thing but you must agree further murdoch influence ca n't be a good thing . 
  i do n't care about murdoch as i never read it . 
  however , if other people do want to read his papers i do n't mind . 
  as a liberal i just do n't believe in stopping others from choosing which papers to read . 
   i believe it 's not germans who set the export fees , but the eu . 
  almost no country has export tariffs on things like cars , because most countries want to encourage exports . 
  there are no eu export fees on cars and never likely to be any ( unless the eu becomes really bat-shit insane and decides to harm its economy even more ) . 
   history is cool and all but it does n't really translate into a better way of life for the people living now . 
  i agree , but nor does the eu . 
  ( look at greece . ), 
   also i must admit , i 'd like to see the uk leaving just to see what would happen . 
  scotland potentially revolting and all that i am more than happy for scotland to have another referendum . 
  however , it would be incredibly interesting to see if scotland wanted to be in the eu while the ruk was out of it ( especially with the deteriorating reputation of the euro and scotland wanting to keep the pound ) . 
   that 's the thing , if murdoch would come to own 75-100 % of all the media in the uk there will no longer be such a thing as free press . 
  there is no danger of murdoch owning 75 % + of the media in the uk . 
  by far the biggest media player in the uk is the bbc . 
  what with the internet i can read ( and do read ) media from all round the world at no cost . 
   okay i should have said for other western-europeans like myself . 
  the uk and other western-european countries are of course miles better than the places those immigrants come from . 
  i 'm not sure what countries you are including in western europe , but there are about 400,000 french people working in london alone ... 
  the number of italians , spaniards , portuguese and irish living and working in the uk is also incredibly high . 
  i agree that there are considerably fewer germans , belgians and dutchies , mainly because of job prospects already being similar to the uk 's . 
   they will still export them . 
  but at prices that make it nearly impossible for the average briton to buy them . 
  why would they do that ? 
  they want to be able to sell them !, 
  that is the whole point of exporting !, 
  we 're talking about germans remember , they 're not stupid .
