  a lot of the democratic debate is about how best to stimulate the economy . 
  economists do n't completely agree on the extent to which uncertainty impacts an economy - we will find out how much this impacts the uk in a few months , but currently the signs are that the uk economy is doing fairly well . 
   such as ? 
  primarily ( i ) experience of ww2 lead us to trust our own democracy and institutions and ( ii ) hundreds of years of no revolution , invasion or civil war also made us trust our own parliamentary democracy , ( iii ) our unwritten constitution , common law and concept of parliamentary sovereignty make the eu a bad fit for us . 
   i 'm curious as to whether brexit will give momentum to the emergence of a `` european '' english . 
  i do n't think there is a european english , but there is of course a global english . 
  one of the reasons why the english language has been well suited to being a global language is because it is very adaptable and flexible . 
   switzerland has their historical reasons uk also has historical reasons . 
   when you leave , you 'll have decided to turn your back to the rest of the eu . 
  and from the looks of it , it does n't seem likely that you will go for some sort of eea agreement no , the uk will be keen to have a strong relationship with all our allies around the world . 
   it could turn into isolationism . 
  uk will be a member of g7 , g20 , nato , united nations security council , commonwealth , imf , world bank , wto etc etc. 
  it is the home of the global language , it hosts one of the two really global cities in the world and a global financial centre , has significant soft power . 
  i do n't think it is likely that the uk will turn to isolationism . 
   you 'll have future generations born outside the eu , without ever having known what it was like . 
  this either will cause further resentment or envy . 
  i see this resentment and envy all the time in switzerland . 
   scrap the gfa for the sake of appeasing kippers in england ? 
  nobody in england wants to scrap the gfa . 
   well cameron did say he would immediately invoke a50 he lied to the british people . 
  it is a shame that the remain campaign made these lies . 
  however , it is good that the british people were able to tell that they were lies . 
   to be fair i 'd expect a number of rough years after the exit and i 'm a leaver . 
  i 'm a leaver and i am not expecting rough years . 
  i think that the democratic debate we are having will be invigorating for the economy . 
  necessity is the mother of invention . 
  of course there are challenges , but i think the opportunities outweigh them . 
  not everyone will be a winner , but i think there will be more winners than losers . 
   but now we have a different government , and one of the main things about our political system is that no government is bound by the previous one . 
  parliament is sovereign and is n't bound by its predecessors . 
  is it they who decide the law and not the people , with direct democracy not being an inherent part of our system . 
  we elect those to make decisions on our behalf , not us making the decisions ourselves . 
  you are correct to point out the parliament is sovereign , but i think your point about direct democracy does not quite reflect the uk constitutional position any more . 
  more and more frequently there are local , regional and national referenda taking place in the uk and in particular over constitutional questions . 
  obviously , as a matter of law , the government would be entitled to ignore the result of the referendum , nobody is disputing that as a matter of law . 
  obviously , as a matter of law , if parliament disagreed with the actions of the government , parliament could pass a vote of no confidence in the government and force a new general elections . 
  but the relevant question is what the government and parliament now should do , given their legal powers and given the fact of the referendum having taken place . 
  and , as a matter of democracy , they should respect the result of the referendum and set to work on taking the uk out of the eu . 
  i am glad that the government and parliament get this . 
   that may be so but if the uk puts restrictions on eu citizens then the irish republic will reciprocate those restrictions on uk passport holders . 
  in the irish republic eu law will trump the cta . 
  actually , eu law does not dictate the rights that an eu country can give to the citizens of a non-eu country . 
  if ireland wants to give free movement to british nationals , that is a question for ireland rather than a question for brussels . 
  it is up to ireland and irish democracy how it deals with this question . 
   i ca n't see ukip supporters wanting to support that situation . 
  i have voted ukip various times in the past . 
  i think the uk government should continue to give complete free movement to all irish citizens in line with their current rights ( e.g. 
  ability to vote in uk parliamentary elections if they are resident in the uk , ability to stand for parliament in the uk , work in the british army etc etc ) . 
  i think this is the consensus view across the political spectrum in the uk ,, 
   and who are the ones implementing a non-binding decision that 52 % came to ? 
  while it is n't binding as a matter of law , prior to the referendum the british government promised to the british people that they would abide by it . 
  the british people are therefore entitled to have that decision respected . 
  for the government to ignore the will of the people would really undermine our democracy . 
  honestly , do n't worry about it . 
  you are not an offender and seem able to debate in a polite way so its all good . 
  it is always a shame when people feel the need to insult others who have different political beliefs . 
  the main thing that is interesting about this sub is , after all , the ability to have a dialogue with someone who has different political beliefs . 
  let 's hope the insults stop in both directions ( because of course they are currently going in both directions ) . 
  donald tusk . 
   maybe , but there 's also indefinite postponement may has now given a deadline for the article 50 notification . 
  it is not being postponed indefinitely . 
   well we could start with the eu . 
  plenty of defamation against that institution that went on . 
  are you mad bro ? 
  do you really think that the eu could win a defamation case ? 
  wanting to regain control over immigration is not the same as `` negative view on immigration and foreigners in general '' . 
  i want the uk to regain control over immigration . 
  i do n't have a negative view on immigration and foreigners in general . 
  [ there is opinion polling suggesting that a majority of leave voters voted leave on the basis that it was they wanted decisions about the uk to be made in the uk . 
  ] ( http://lordashcroftpolls.com/2016/06/how-the-united-kingdom-voted-and-why/ ) it is true that some people voted leave primarily so that the uk could control immigration . 
  indeed , i also think that the uk should be in control of its own immigration policy . 
  however , this really is n't the same thing as saying that people have a negative view of foreigners . 
  while there are some people in the uk that do have a negative view of foreigners , i think this is a small number and i think it is wrong to say that it is strongly correlated with voting for brexit . 
   voting for brexit is strongly correlated with having a negative view on immigration and foreigners in general . 
  i 'm not saying that all brexiters are against immigration , but it was obviously one of the strongest points of the leave campaign . 
  you wo n't meet someone who loves foreigners more than me . 
  i voted leave and have been campaigning against the eu for years . 
  the ecb waited until the last possible moment to begin qe . 
  however , the ecb is not really the problem or the solution here . 
  the problem is that this financial shocks impact different parts of the eurozone in different ways and monetary policy can not even out the imbalances . 
  fiscal transfers or debt pooling are the only real solutions here . 
  that requires the work of politicians and not central bankers . 
  uk would , as you say , go down too . 
  but that would be a circumstance in which having a central bank that can act and a currency of one 's own can really help . 
  what annoys me about this kind of data is that they always show eu28 and ea19 to see how the euroarea is doing . 
  it would make more sense also to give data on how the non-euroarea is doing too . 
  it would be embarrassing for the euroarea , but it is important economic data . 
  unemployment in scotland is not different from the rest of the uk in fact . 
  there were layoffs in scotland because of oil , but the rest of the economy has a lot of slack so it was absorbed . 
   i guess it 's up to us french and other eurozone people to teach them how to invest wisely and stop chasing bad deals , throwing good money after bad money , etc. 
  you 'll be delighted to know that here in the uk we are feeling a lot of solidarity with continental europe right now . 
  this was a thing in the uk a couple of decades ago . 
   politically they ca n't afford to bail them out , economically they ca n't afford to let them fail this mismatch between politics and economics is the story of the eu at the moment . 
   and the far right in the uk what far right in the uk ? 
  there basically is n't a far right in the uk . 
  there is also no chance of any far right in the uk getting any electoral representation ... 
   it cant go under . 
  it still has 250bn assets . 
  and even if . 
  its the worst systemic relevant bank .
