  while mindsets do not of themselves change because the uk leaves the eu , leaving the eu does mean that there will not be so many populist politicians elected representing the uk and consequentially there will be less tax-payers money spent on them . 
  this is a good thing and we should be pleased about it . 
   some lithuanian immigrants in the uk ( as well as in other we countries ) are total cunts . 
  they talk shit about locals and laugh at them all the time . 
  i assume some poles act similarly . 
  this has not been my personal experience of lithuanian or polish immigrants , which have largely been very positive . 
  but , i suppose i am fortunate in my social circles and economic position etc. . . 
   so , populists are in it for the money , to put their snouts in the big trough ? 
  suprise , suprise . 
  one of the many good consequences of brexit is that the uk will no longer be contributing to populists in the trough . 
  uk tax-payers ' money will be protected from this and there will be few populist politicians representing us . 
  this is just one of the many reasons why we should all be glad about brexit . 
   you ca n't get more free trade than being in a single market . 
  your statement makes no sense . 
  not really . 
  inside the single market the uk is not free to embrace free trade with the rest of the world , which is my preference . 
  the rest of the world is bigger than the single market . 
   only 15 per cent of uk total trade is with countries that are neither members of the eu , nor covered by an eu trade agreement that is in force or under negotiation . 
  i 'm not going to argue with this figure , though i would note that some of those ftas under negotiation are now on the rocks politically and look increasingly less likely to happen . 
  but , this is still not an argument for the uk to be in the single market as ftas do not cover the single market , but instead cover the eu . 
  the uk is of course not staying in the eu having decided to leave it , a wonderful result for the uk and the rest of europe . 
   if you do n't think having a manufacturing sector to diversify your economy is worth having then who am i to argue with you ? 
  i am a liberal and a free marketer and a capitalist . 
  it is not for the government to decide what the uk economy should look like by putting in place tariffs : this is something for uk business to decide . 
  the uk 's competitive advantage is not primarily in manufacturing , but in high end services and creative industries . 
  the uk with its expensive workforce and relatively low amount of natural resources is going to struggle with manufacturing other than some particular fields . 
   if you think a country of 65 million people can afford to be an oversized singapore , then by all means , go for it . 
  singapore is rich almost exclusively because it is small country and acts as a mediator for business and trade . 
  actually , the wealth of a country is primarily not because of its size but because of how it is governed . 
  there are poor large countries and poor small countries : there is almost no correlation . 
  the reason why singapore acts as a mediator for business and trade is because it does it extremely well and embraces free trade . 
  if the uk did this better , naturally it would get a greater share of this market . 
  hopefully all countries in the world start to move in this direction , that way we will all get richer . 
   furthermore , i think it 's around 85 % of britain 's total trade is with the eu or countries with which the eu has an fta . 
  any citation on this ? 
  as mentioned , i do n't think the uk should put in place tariffs on any country in the world , eu or elsewhere . 
  if other countries do not believe in free trade and want to put tariffs on uk exports , that is a shame for them . 
   have fun with chinese dumping destroying various british industries then . 
  thanks . 
  if chinese tax-payers want to subsidise british consumers of steel , that is something that benefits the uk . 
   not a single country on the planet has unilateral free trade . 
  singapore does this best of all and the uk should seek to emulate it . 
  there is an entire economic school of thought which embraces free trade and the uk , back in the early victorian era , embraced this policy very successfully . 
   putting aside that free trade exists within the single market ... that is not good enough for me . 
  i do n't want the uk to put tariffs on imports from anywhere in the world : not just one corner of it . 
  i believe in free trade . 
   because you want to be part of the common market . 
  no thanks . 
  it does not make sense for the uk to be part of the common market . 
  obviously , the uk believes in free trade and should not put tariffs on imports from the eu . 
  not sure whether or not brussels believes in free trade . 
  itt - who is sick of experts now ? 
   that said of course standards are increasingly globalised but thats a long road that will probably take another 50 years . 
  until then companies always will have to adapt to the standards of the markets they are selling to and for much of british companies that export that is the eu ( and of course the us ) a majority of uk companies only trade within the uk and there is therefore no need for them to comply with eu standards . 
  companies that want to sell to other countries obviously have to comply with local standards , but here the eu is just one market among many . 
  with each year that passes , the amount of trade that goes to the eu from the uk falls and brexit is likely to speed up this process . 
   which in my opinion is an argument for needing parliament 's nod for triggering article 50 , since it forces parliament into a situation where they basically have no other option but to agree to the withdrawal agreement . 
  i disagree with you on this . 
  the british people voted for brexit after having been told by the uk government that if they voted leave that the government would implement their decision . 
  i 'm not sure why we need parliament in this step of the process because we already know what the will of the people is : to leave the eu . 
  if parliament agrees with the people and the government that article 50 needs to be triggered at some stage , then getting parliament 's consent to exercise article 50 just slows down a process at a time when everyone is busy . 
  if parliament disagrees with the people and the government and does not want to trigger article 50 , then that would put the uk constitution in even more interesting and difficult territory than it already is !, 
  i think in those circumstances there is potentially a risk of civil disorder . 
  i think most of all it would trigger new elections and i suspect that the new parliament we elected would certainly be in favour of triggering article 50 . 
  but i think this kind of uncertainty and slowness is not really good for the uk and i do n't see any legal or democratic need for it . 
   i do n't see how this could be correct . 
  generally , the ponsonby rule or rather the constitutional reform and governance act 2010 applies from what i can gather . 
  you are correct on this !, 
  i studied constitutional law before crag came into force and i can see that i need to refresh my knowledge !, 
  however , in the circumstance in which the uk parliament does not agree with the withdrawal agreement , this does not stop the uk withdrawing from the eu . 
  it just means that the uk withdraws but with no agreement being in place . 
  article 50 , once triggered , makes the process almost inevitable and the uk parliament ca n't stop that !, 
   that 's a truly insane way to make decisions as the second answer informs the first . 
  not really . 
  given that you can be inside the single market but outside the eu and that leaving the eu is not , of itself , conclusive as to leaving the single market , it is correct to consider the issues separately . 
  it is fantastic that we as a nation are debating these things . 
  it would be great for the uk if the eu did this . 
  uk supports pan-eu tax . 
   it 's not remain that needs and inbuilt advantage . 
  joining should have the same requirements , insofar it requires an overhaul of so much of the legislation . 
  the uk 's constitution and legal system has no tradition of inbuilt advantages though and it is in fact antithetical to our constitution . 
  i realise that other countries have different systems , but the differences have arisen as a result of different histories and cultures . 
  i am not saying that one system is better or worse than another , but that it does not make sense to add some random bit of another country 's constitution into the uk 's way of doing things in an ad hoc way when there is no parliamentary or popular support for doing this . 
  obviously , brexit is not a trivial project , but the fact that something is hard work is not a reason not to do it . 
  the british people were aware that it would be hard work when they voted for it . 
   agree on the first point , uk should be taken out of the eu because of the vote . 
  however it 's still funny that parliament made a law that contains a non-binding vote , but they now have no control over what happens . 
  technically parliament does have some control over this . 
  if parliament is not happy with the actions of the government , parliament is free to vote that it has no confidence in the government and force new elections . 
  alternatively , if parliament wanted to take some prerogative powers , it could pass legislation requiring that it has to give its consent before the government enters/leaves treaties . 
   second point , how would that work ? 
  does n't parliament have to implement the agreement into law like any international treaty ? 
  if not then at least the european communities act still exists , which would run contrary to uk leaving , no ? 
  before legislation is passed or amended , parliament obviously has to pass it . 
  however , this only relates to the uk 's domestic legal system . 
  it does not relate to the uk 's relationships with other countries , which is a question of international law . 
  obviously , once we leave , we will have to make various changes to our national legislation , including the eca and parliament will have to agree those changes . 
  however , remainers need to be realistic about this : the conservative government has a house of commons majority and this legislation will be whipped . 
  the conservatives will also find support from other parts of the house . 
   we do n't even know if we are staying in the single market ffs that 's fairly vital information we really needed for an informed vote .
