  germany does great though : a cheap currency is great for german exports . 
  and germany gets to impose austerity on every country ( apart from the uk ) . 
  who is acting like the parasite ? 
  pulling quotations from the article into the title is certainly a way of sensationalising titles and is clearly in breach of rediquette . 
  imagine what the r/europe would look like if everyone who submitted articles pulled quotes from the articles into their titles !, 
   you would n't be allowed to opt out . 
  of course we would . 
  the uk is a special snowflake . 
  the euro does n't apply to the uk . 
  schengen does not apply to the uk . 
  austerity requirements do n't apply to the uk . 
  a common immigration policy would certainly not be something that the uk would join with . 
  obviously , the uk would opt out of this . 
  rediqette says '' * please do n't , in regard to new submissions , editorialize or sensationalize your submission title * '' . 
  your pull-quote inserted into your submission title is certainly sensationalising . 
   if this continues for the next six months , it 's ( note usage of it 's ) hard to see how cameron wo n't be re-elected . 
  i agree . 
  this is going to be crucial to the next election . 
  currently the conservatives have a massive lead compared to labour when it comes to perception of running the economy . 
  however , for a number of reasons ( scotland , ukip , coalition ... ) this next election in the uk will be one of the most unpredictable elections ever . 
  just a reminder about rediquette . 
  please do not editorialise or sensationalise titles . 
  interesting fact is that in the last two years the uk has created more jobs than the rest of the eu put together . 
  unsurprisingly , immigration from the rest of the eu to the uk is currently at a very high rate , with hundreds of thousands of reuropeans moving to the uk every year to work . 
  if jobs are important to the rest of the eu , the rest of the eu needs to learn some lessons from the uk experience . 
  the million dollar question is , can they and will they ? 
  the economy of many european countries is not really improving . 
  i agree , sovereign debt shenanigans and austerity shenaningans have kinda gotten old . 
  however , after the era of uncertain economics we now are firmly in the era of new and uncertain politics , what with recent significant electoral successes of the swedish democrats , podemos , m5s , afd , ukip , front national , fpo , dfp etc. 
  expect the unexpected in european elections over the next 12 months . 
   maybe i 'm being an idiot , but why does it matter what our allies think ? 
  i can imagine israel kicking up a fuss if we appear to support palestine , but ca n't we ( as in britain 's foreign policy ) recognise palestine as a state without falling out with everyone about it ? 
  the views of our allies is part of all foreign policy and they can not be ignored . 
  given the uk 's history in the middle east , its current position as a nuclear power and a permament member of the unsc , it being a key member of nato and part of the five eyes , the uk recognising palestine would have significant implications . 
  if the uk were to recognise palestine without france , germany , japan , canada , australia or the us recognising it , our relationships with those countries would be affected . 
  middle eastern security is a global issue . 
   my gut feeling is that it 's time for greece to just take a haircut and be done with this whole shenanigans , it 's dragged on long enough . 
  as in actually default on some of its debts without the consent of creditors , argentina style ? 
  or try and re-renegotiate with creditors for an agreed re-restructuring of their debt , ( i.e. 
  `` amend , extend and pretend '' , as we say in london ) ? 
  in either scenario , there would be a tonne more shenanigans to look forward to . 
  i do n't think they 'll opt for either though . 
  good on the irish to keep their competitive business friendly tax-rates . 
  much respect . 
   by that i mean scotland had 180 days if they voted yes . 
  the timetable that scotland wanted was 18 months . 
  the uk government did not specify any particular timetable , and indicated that the timetable should be agreed after the referendum . 
  this is getting confusing . 
  i am reminded of the time that iceland cancelled their withdrawal from eu accession . 
   it seems that the way they have done it is to show its the will of the people that palestine be considered a state . 
  however the cabinet did not vote and they have not made it binding , perhaps in a quest to minimise pissing off their best friends across the atlantic . 
  just to clarify , it was n't just the cabinet that did n't vote . 
  less than half of mps voted . 
  all mps who are part of the executive ( cabinet , ministers etc ) refrained from voting . 
  in relation to the `` non-binding '' nature of the vote , under the uk constitution the recognition of foreign states falls under the royal prerogative ( like the declaration of war ) which means that it is a power vested by convention in the crown , exercised by ministers . 
  for parliament to take this power off the crown would be quite a big deal and parliament clearly did not have the intention to do this ( and this is quite separate from the question of atlanticism ) . 
   i hope they realise they ca n't always do what the american government wants and go with what the british people want instead . 
  the uk 's foreign policy and the us foreign policy are generally aligned . 
  not always - we saw that with the uk parliamentary vote on syria . 
  in the case of recognition of palestine , it is obviously a much much more complex case than the us 's views . 
  there are the views of other allies of the uk , like france , germany , irael etc. 
   what else do you do stuck on an island where the days are so damn long and there 's probably jack shit to do this applies to brits just as much as it applies to the icelanders ... 
  in a parallel universe in which scotland had voted to leave the united kingdom a month ago , i do n't think catalonia would have cancelled the referendum . 
  who knows what else would be happening in that parallel universe : would ruk be currently agreeing a currency union with iscotland ? 
  or would iscotland be making plans for a new currency ? 
  how would the eu accession negotiations be going ? 
  under any scenario the debate about catalonia 's independence would have been massively impacted . 
  literature prize is somewhere between peace prize and economics prize ... 
  this still makes no sense . 
  if potential gdp relates to the past as well as the future , then it does n't really make sense for there to be different lines for different years diverging . 
  also , having the actual gdp line being aligned to the potential gdp at the start of the graph makes no sense as it implies that in 2007 the eurozone 's gdp was as high as it could potentially be . 
  which is not the case given other recessions in the past . 
  in 2012 it was not possible to go back in time and grow gdp faster in 2010 and 2011 though . 
  potential gdp from 2012 should not be about the past . 
  the graph looks totally wrong to me . 
  for example , the line saying 2012 should start in 2012 . 
  economic projections made in 2012 should start from the actual figures in 2012 , not projections made in previous years which by 2012 had already proved false . 
   as a spaniard , this is fucking terrifying . 
  i do n't know if all my years of studying will be worth of anything . 
  just move to the uk . 
  lots of jobs here . 
   italian companies export a fair amount to the global market , especially luxury items . 
  surely a non-trivial amount of dollars , pounds , swiss francs , yen , and rinminbi are constantly flowing into the italian economy ? 
  money from italian exports goes to italian companies , not the italian government . 
  obviously , if italian exports do well then it is better for italian companies and can theoretically leads to greater tax revenue for the italian state , which can reduce the italian deficit . 
  however , italy is not really close to having a budget surplus . 
  a depreciation of the eur against the usd is really not going to be enough to make a big difference . 
  there are too many other difficulties with the italian economy unfortunately . 
  i am pro for the same reasons . 
   but a debt trap ? 
  not yet . 
  i agree , it is not quite in a debt trap yet . 
  but it is moving there . 
   and as i said previously , the markets seem to agree with me . 
  the price at which markets lend to italy is not simply a function of confidence in the italian ability to repay that debt or confidence in the italian economy . 
  many other factors are relevant , including in particular , ( i ) draghi 's `` promise to do whatever it takes '' ( which remains a somewhat uncertain promise given the ecb 's very restricted mandate ) and ( ii ) the negative interest rates of the ecb . 
  the low yields do not reduce the size of italy 's debt , which is the problem in the long term . 
  low yields are not necessarily permanent . 
   it is not irrelevant , you need to consider the effect on the whole eurozone . 
  a lower eur relative to usd does not impact different parts of the eurozone in the same way .
