  ironically i think that by choosing may as pm ( someone on the remain side ) this is going to make things easier for everyone . 
  also , may 's speech , in which she said nice things about the eu and also explained british exceptionalism , are helpful . 
  also , i do n't think we should write off the west just yet . 
  uk is still part of the west and a liberal democracy . 
  i also think that uk can and must now play a crucial role in keeping eu and usa on same page in relation to nato and push hard against protectionism . 
  let 's hope for the best . 
  trump does change the european balance of power in favour of the uk . 
  for one thing , he is ambivalent towards nato , which makes uk commitment towards nato more important . 
  for another thing , he supports free trade with the uk , which makes uk free trade with the eu less important . 
  for another thing , he seems unsupportive of the eu , which makes uk support of the eu more valuable . 
  our press is free to criticise the government , criticise courts and criticise the eu . 
  it is free . 
  that brings massive advantages . 
  this is one of the reasons why it is inevitable that the uk is leaving the eea . 
  i do n't think british people would accept such control over our laws any more . 
  i also wonder if norway will eventually reconsider its own position . 
  we are surprised you took it personally because for us eu membership was just a transaction , with costs and benefits . 
  at a certain point we decided that the costs were more than the benefits , so it made sense to leave . 
  we never had the emotional commitment to the eu that you have , so we are just really surprised that you are upset . 
  tldr - different countries have different cultures and histories . 
  the eu wants the uk to regret voting leave . 
  that is their position . 
  too bad for them that we are delighted that we are leaving . 
  he does n't have to leave , but he does hate the uk and has no hope for it . 
  it seems he would be happier if he left . 
  it 's good to be back !, 
  it was in the treaties from the beginning . 
  whether the british people knew this in the 70s at the time of the first referendum is an open question . 
  it is academic now , because even removing those words was not enough to keep the uk in . 
  i am not against ids courts , but there is an argument that they wo n't be needed in a fta with the usa because we have effectively the same legal system as them . 
  norway are not part of all eu trade agreements - they are not part of the eu customs union . 
  brexit means business ... 
  pollsters weigh unrepresentative samples in order to make them more representative . 
  all pollsters do this . 
  sky did it too . 
  i agree that the sample was not representative - almost no sample is . 
  that is why they needed to weigh the sample so that it would reflect demographics . 
  all pollsters do this . 
  sky did it too . 
  we ca n't just ignore this data . 
  i agree that polling on single market membership is notoriously difficult because so few people understand the concept . 
  leaving the single market will give us the most benefits . 
  it should be our parliament that is responsible for our laws . 
  in general terms it seems that may 's approach to brexit is popular and she would win a landslide if she were faced with a general election . 
  their loss , their loss :-), 
  i am sure you know that there are plenty of things he says which directly contradict that . 
  he was a complex man who wrote and spoke huge amounts . 
  i think if we consider his life 's work we can conclude that he would not have wanted the uk in a usofe . 
  i agree that the deal will not be negotiated entirely under economic premises . 
  global geopolitics will be considered too - both will need to consider how they present themselves to the world in terms of being open to free trade , both will have to think about nato and the fight against terrorism , both will have to think about trump and putin . 
  this picture makes me think that the eu needs a good deal with the uk . 
  i agree that the eu is faced with almost an impossible choice - but right now it needs friends and the uk is ready to be a friend . 
  let 's make this work . 
  while it is true that churchill did say some things that indicated he wanted the uk to be supportive of the eu , if you consider his views as a whole in the context of his life 's work i think that we can be clear that he saw the uk as exceptional and should not choose europe above the rest of the world . 
  you are right - increased political accountability will be one of the many good consequences of brexit . 
  see if you can find a significant person in the leave campaign arguing during the referendum campaign that we should follow the norway model . 
  i am not aware of there being a single one . 
  i am also not aware of a single person on the remain side arguing that we would stay in the single market if we left the eu - indeed , the government said the opposite . 
  leaving the single market is not `` extremist '' . 
  it is normal for a country 's parliament to control its laws . 
  may has done slightly better than i thought she would so far . 
  her speech on tuesday and vision for a global free trading uk is very sensible . 
  i do n't agree with her on everything though and is a bit too controlling for my tastes . 
  the referendum was to leave the eu . 
  both the remain campaign and the leave campaign were clear that leaving the eu would likely mean that we would leave the eu 's single market . 
  the british people voted with their eyes open . 
  i voted in the hope that we would leave the single market . 
  as for your points that may is trying to stop the judiciary being involved - that is just absurd . 
  at no point has may tried to circumvent the courts . 
  from your comment `` the average brit is trying to salvage his reputation and honour '' it is very difficult to know what your serious point is . 
  a good deal for the eu is also a good deal for the uk . 
  i am not sure if you read may 's speech , but it was very conciliatory and has been well received , eg by tusk . 
  she specifically stated that the uk supports a strong eu and also - crucially - explained that the uk exit is because of british exceptionalism ( ie other countries wo n't follow ) . 
  may is simply being a conservative and carrying out the decision taken by the british people . 
  it is not demagogic fervour . 
  we are a liberal democracy with a free press , an independent judiciary and respect for the rule of law . 
  then they weighed the results to reflect demographics nationally , as all pollsters do . 
  they did not pretend that their sample was representative . 
  also , your tone is needlessly hostile . 
  i am not spouting any lies . 
  the risk is that unemployment stays high in southern europe though . 
  that is the alternative . 
  if eu wants nato to stay strong and u.s. to support eu then eu basically has no option but to hope that uk manages to convince us to stay supportive . 
  the world has changed . 
  obviously , a lot of eu people and leaders are very emotional and upset that we voted to leave . 
  but it is too late to change that now . 
  eu now has to be pragmatic and play its part in keeping the west together . 
  this means dealing with the uk . 
  none of those comments linked were antieu . 
  they are all sensible and moderate . 
  they weighed the data according to demographic make up of uk electorate as all pollsters do . 
  they did not just pretend that their sample would be representative . 
  it is n't sad . 
  it is simply a reflection of our different histories , cultures and constitutions . 
  uk is not going to divide the west . 
  uk - by staying close to eu and u.s. - will keep the west together . 
  churchill had this vision for continental europe , but not for the uk . 
  may 's speech last week was churchillian in that respect . 
  the time to worry about that was ten years ago . 
  it is now urgent that you put in place eurobonds , fiscal transfers .
