   it 's not about being `` happy '' ( that 's just pride fuckin with you ) , but having easier buying/selling with the rest of the eu countries . 
  i can hardly put into words how easy it is to just cross the border from the netherlands to germany or belgium and pay as i would at the bakery around the corner . 
  or basically anywhere i go on vacation . 
  just to clarify , having a currency is not just about an individual buying and selling stuff . 
  it also involves a country being able to control its own budget levels and have its own monetary policy . 
  ( this is not pride . 
  it is a practicality . ), 
   i know it 's probably different in the uk because you ca n't just take a 5 minute drive to a neigbour country , but it 's fucking nice for tourists/work and trade . 
  it takes me three hours to get to paris . 
  you can cross from northern ireland to the roi with a five minute drive . 
  however , there is no appetite for the uk to join schengen . 
  there are camps of thousands of migrants in calais trying to reach the uk . 
  we would not be able to keep them out if we joined schengen . 
  it is always worth thinking about counter-factual history , but it can always be argued in multiple ways !, 
   maybe . 
  or maybe if the uk government had committed to the project it could have traded its opt-out for enough political capital to have a different legal basis for the ecb . 
  the boe has a wider mandate than the ecb . 
  it is not forced to follow price stability as closely as the ecb and can have higher regard to growth and employment . 
  personally i prefer the boe 's mandate in this regard , but i do n't know whether or not the uk would have been able to change the ecb 's mandate . 
  the boe also has a clear legal ability to go for non-standard monetary policy measures ( quantitative easing easing and purchares of securitisations etc ) whereas the ecb 's legal mandate for this is a lot more questionable , hence the protracted legal cases from your german friends . 
  again , i prefer the boe 's mandate here . 
  the boe is slightly more answerable to politicians that the ecb and does not observe neutrality so studiously . 
  this is partly because the parliament and chancellor that it answers to is more powerful . 
  again , i somewhat prefer the boe position here , but i do n't see how it can be created at european level without dramatic changes to both institutions and political culture . 
  however , i think none of this makes much difference as my true worry about the euro is that the eurozone member states are not economically aligned and there is very little that monetary policy can do about it . 
  the ecb can only have one interest rate for wildly different economies . 
  during the pre-crisis boom , the boe had higher interest rates than the ecb had and already the uk 's boom was too big . 
  i dread to think what would have happened to the uk boom had we had the same interest rates as the eurozone . 
  in a way , we know what the answer to this , as we witnessed it with ireland . 
  the uk might well have had a boom and a crash like ireland , but far restricted ability to put in place quantitative easing , with austerity imposed by european institutions on a public that is very eusceptic . 
  i remain firmly convinced that the only long term solution for the eurozone is pooling debt and transfers . 
  in the long run , nothing else is going to succeed . 
  i just can not see the british public signing up to this . 
  i think / u/g _ morgan has looked into this question . 
   actually no . 
  i mean put your money where your mouth is miss queen . 
  also the uk joining the euro would give it a huge boost . 
  no thanks . 
  we 're happy with the pound . 
  honestly most of my work is regulatory and financial . 
  i do issues of financial instruments . 
  so i rarely think about court other than documenting deals so as to avoid having to go to court !, 
   kinda like when in those courtroom dramas , the lawyer says something provocative to sew the seeds of doubt , gets `` objection ! '', 
  from the indignant other side , and says `` sustained '' himself before the judge even has a chance . 
  this is part of usanian legal procedure and in the uk we have different rules ... 
   however , your country has a significant trade deficit with the eu on goods , so i 'm not sure how what you make your money with really matters that much . 
  you 'll still have to buy your avocados from spain , your flowers from holland , etc. 
  the fact that the uk has a trade deficit with the reu on goods means that the reu will be keen to continue to be able to export to the uk . 
  this trade deficit is to the uk 's advantage . 
  separately , part of the reason the uk buys things like avocados from spain is because the eu is a customs union and the uk is not able to free trade deals with other countries . 
  outside the eu the uk would have more trade options . 
   it 's very likely your production would suffer , with many companies rapidly leaving market . 
  not really . 
  companies choose to locate in jurisdictions for a whole multiplicity of reasons , including tax , workforce , legal and regulatory system , distance from customers and raw materials and so forth . 
  eu membership is just one of those factors . 
  people argued that the economic effects of the uk staying out of the euro would be dire , instead the opposite happened to be true . 
   leaving eea would mean massive shift in workforce as well , displace all the british nationals living and studying outside of uk , and all eu nationals living and studying within uk . 
  there are solutions to that , but in most cases it puts you in worse position than eu membership ... a majority of british people living and studying outside of the uk are not in the eea , they are in australia , canada and united states . 
  eu nationals in the uk will mostly stay in the uk . 
   there are plenty of people who are nostalgic for empire and everything that it represents i 'm afraid that this is quite untrue and also offensive . 
  there is nobody in the uk that is nostalgic about the empire . 
  you are deliberately trying offend british people . 
   the massive gulf between the way that some brits * see themselves ( usually older , posher , more conservative ones ) and how the rest of the world sees them . 
  i am quite aware of the gulf as shown by your comment . 
  you see british people as nostalgic about empire . 
  there is a huge gap between your perception and reality . 
  fortunately the vast majority of people know that british people are not nostalgic about the empire . 
   yes , historical . 
  those reasons are a lot more `` historical '' than you 'd believe . 
  this is what i 'm talking about with the nostalgia ; people fetishing the past to the extent that they do not understand the present and do not understand that it is the present arrangements and institutions that give britian its influence , not history . 
  history is fundamental to where we are today . 
  it makes no sense to ignore it . 
  present arrangements and institutions are a consequence of history , just as culture is . 
  why would you like to use the euro ? 
  i 'm going for my lunch now and will have a think about it and respond later !, 
   but i would bet that if britain were to leave the euro we 're not in the euro . 
  ( thank the good lord . ), 
   there 's chance , yes . 
  it 's not likely though . 
  issue is , uk economy was built on ties with eu for years . 
  with each year that passes , the share of the uk 's trade with the reu declines . 
  ties with the reu become with each year less and less important . 
   what makes change impossible is that status quo is favorable to all parties . 
  uk leaving eu would change balance of power , and ` stir the pot ' significantly . 
  it will stir the pot , but out dear friends in france are not going to be stirred !, 
  and the rest of the world will come no closer to knowing what to put there instead . 
   i still find it a bad idea for the uk to leave the eu i agree , it is bad for the reu if the uk leaves . 
  however , the question is whether or not it is good for the uk . 
   and i still think you hugely underestimate how much whatever the uk has rests on the eu as much as it does for france and germany the future is global . 
  the uk needs to move towards the rest of the globe . 
   this dividing politics led to world war 1 , which in turn brought about world war 2 . 
  both wars have hastened british decline significantly . 
  your summary of history is so extremely brief as to be unhelpful !, 
  the uk 's options in ww1 were not good ones and it played its cards pretty well ( though not perfectly ) faced with an impossible situation . 
  whatever the uk did , ww1 was going to occur and it was going to be bad . 
  we could have stayed out of it , but the belgian issue , and the long-term impact it would have had on the uk , forced us in . 
  again , with ww2 the uk did not really have an option of staying out of it . 
  evern without the world wars , the uk would have lost the empire and , to be fair , this is not something that we regret losing . 
  the uk managed to lose the empire relatively elegantly ( in comparison to other colonial powers ) and managed to create the commonwealth . 
   sure it does ... now .
