  also , even if the eu puts tariffs on uk exports , i would not put any tariffs on any eu imports . 
  actually , i do n't too much care about red tape in the eu . 
  the main think i care about is getting rid of red tape in the uk . 
  if eu makes doing business difficult , the people that suffer are people in the eu . 
  this, 
  this is not a nato requirement . 
   you are n't negotiating with single countries . 
  you ca n't do yes , we are . 
  the people making decisions will be governments of countries . 
   that 's simply not the way it works . 
  the uk can decide if it wants to let irish people work in the uk . 
  the eu does not get to decide this . 
  this is something that the uk can control . 
  nato does not require the uk to send troops to estonia . 
   it actually ca n't . 
  uk can . 
  for example , the uk can say ( and will say ) that all irish citizens have the right to work in the uk ( in return for irish support on free trade ) . 
  it does n't need to give that same right to german citizens . 
   also are you actually someone high up in government or how can you make these claims about negotiation tactics ? 
  this is not the actual negotiation you realise ? 
  did you read the original post ? 
   and you are sure that the uk is willing to go beyond nato requirements to support eastern europe because ? 
  i think you 're making shit up , because i 've never heard this . 
  it has already send a significant amount of troops to estonia . 
   of course finland is n't in nato , they dont want to have any participation in the illegal wars the uk likes to participate in . 
  natural country . 
  which is exactly why uk is not going to do this part of the negotiation with finland . 
   the eu acts as a block and therefore you can not chose to impose tariffs on certain members only uk 's tariffs , uk 's choice . 
  uk does not need to treat each eu member state in the same way . 
  it can give advantages to particular member states . 
  gaullisme is not the french equivalent of tory . 
  gaulisme can be found on the french left as well as the french right . 
  i am not claiming libe is gaullist , but specifically quatremer . 
   you may try to negotiate military help vs tariff free trade . 
  but those are two separate institutions that you seem to be trying to negotiate with . 
  unless you are prepared to leave nato . 
  uk is not prepared to leave nato , but it is prepared to do something which goes beyond its nato commitments for specific countries in return for support from those specific countries in relation to tariff free trade . 
  also , finland is not one of those countries , so you do n't get to do this bit of the negotiation . 
  this, 
  german gdp and unemployment levels compared to french ones . 
   . . though i know you were not against it , uk is willing to provide baltics help because of nato participation not eu . . right ? 
  uk is prepared to provide additional help to the baltics , poland and romania that goes significantly above and beyond nato or eu requirements . 
  uk expects baltics , poland and romania to support the uk 's desire for tariff free trade . 
   the uk leaves 1.1.2018 . 
  ( uk will not have finished transposing eu law into domestic law by then . 
  also , article 50 gives us two years . ), 
   ( 7 ) why would tarrifs be dropped without any further agreements ? 
  it is n't a question of tariffs being dropped , it is a question of tariffs not being introduced . 
  however , if agreement can not be reached here , ultimately the uk should unilaterally impose zero tariffs on the imports of any eu country that , in eu council , votes for zero tariffs on the uk or otherwise publicly calls for zero tariffs on the uk . 
  french tend to be much more russophile than brits are . 
  this would be my position for the uk : ( 1 ) uk leaves the eu and the treaties on 1 march 2019 . 
  the eu can choose what to do with eba , ema etc. 
  uk and eu can agree between them all remaining payments in a single lump sum bloc . 
  ( 2 ) uk grants all eu citizens who have come to the uk prior to 1 june 2019 indefinite leave to remain . 
  eu can choose what to do with uk citizens . 
  ( 3 ) uk puts no border between ireland and northern ireland . 
  ( here , i assume eu will put a soft customs border on the irish side . ), 
  ( 4 ) uk and eu agree a collaboration agreement in relation to policing and counter-terrorism in which they share information with each other . 
  ( 5 ) uk commits to an extensive security arrangement with baltics , poland and romania in which uk will send troops to those countries and substantially integrate with them . 
  uk also commits to an extensive bilateral military arrangement with france . 
  ( 6 ) uk leaves the single market , the jurisdiction of the ecj , makes no further payments in relation to the single market . 
  ( 7 ) uk and eu agree a short and simple free trade agreement in which they will not put tariffs on each others goods or services . 
  the end . 
  thanks very much !!, 
  thanks - i did n't mean to imply that he was n't a serious journalist . 
  i think he has some kind of deal with libe whereby all his articles for them also appear on his personal blog . 
   some leftie liberal i am not a leftie liberal . 
  the writer of the article has a somewhat interesting blog called [ coulisses de bruxelles ] ( http://bruxelles.blogs.liberation.fr/ ) which considers eu politics from a gaullist perspective , coupled with an element of anglophobia . 
   for my part i which the uk all the best for the future and every other country in europe too . 
  thanks very much . 
  all the very best for germany too !, 
   well , the majority of british people do n't mind an authoritarian government the uk does not have an authoritarian government . 
   talking about a europe without the eu , which is in general indeed a stupid idea and mostly spread by nationalists stop calling people who disagree with you nationalists . 
  it worked well for germany , much less well for france . 
  i do n't think parliament want another referendum at this point and i also do n't think the british people want another referendum . 
  i personally would be happy to have another referendum , depending on what the question is . 
  major has not really been clear on what the question would be . 
   it 's starting to . 
  inflation is currently at 0.9 % , which is still less than half the bank of england 's target . 
   well , there are also far left commies that want to leave the eu . 
  and , there are some people who are neither on the far right or the far left who want to leave the eu . 
  stop pretending that wanting to leave the eu is an extreme position . 
  it is n't . 
  it is a normal political position . 
  are you seriously saying that 52 % of british people are politically extreme ? 
   and mostly far-right nationalists want to leave the eu enough already . 
  stop calling people who disagree with you far-right nationalists . 
  it is a tactic designed to stop debate . 
   it rises a lot of toxicity in this sub . . we should be able to discuss brexit without toxicity i agree . 
  but we also should not be surprised about the toxicity given that brexit is an existential concern for the eu and not some incidental thing . 
  we are at a historical turning point and we can not predict the future , so there is of course going to be a lot of debate . 
  if the uk succeeds outside the eu , then the eu will be permanently diminished as the entire reason for the eu will be undermined . 
  the very existence of the eu will be called into question not just by theorists but also by pragmatists and realists who will look at the uk as an example . 
  differently , if the uk fails outside the eu , the entire existence of the eu will appear justified . 
  even if nobody openly admits it , this dynamic means that essentially the uk and the eu now have directly opposed interests . 
  it is not in the interests of the eu for the uk to succeed . 
  obviously , we can not predict what will happen . 
  but there is every possibility that future historians will give the same historical significance to brexit as they give to break-up of the ussr and the falling of the iron curtain . 
  perhaps brexit represents the triumph of the nation state over the supranational . 
  we just do n't know yet .
