  my region is not among the lucky ones . 
  and since it 's not populated enough to mean shit for the government ( we do n't bring enough votes ) we get fund for these cases only ages later . 
  and this , in my mind , is an internal problem for italy . 
  ca n't renzi do something about this ? 
  there is so much wealth in some bits of italy that i can not imagine why your current government can not organise for some of this wealth to go where it is needed . 
   my region , my country and my economy needs the eu . 
  your county can stay in the eu though , if that 's what you want . 
  does your country want/need the uk in the eu ? 
  that is the question you need to ask . 
  perhaps your country will be better off when the uk leaves the eu so perhaps we are in complete agreement with each other . 
   your vote is within the law , but it would be more honest if you solved your problem ( getting a very right referendum to get out ) without voting against laws that would be useful for me , just to `` send a message '' . 
  which laws are ukip really going to be able to block ? 
  i do n't see this as even a possibility . 
  i fully expect the legislative programme to continue without change . 
   my people who have been ravaged by flooding need eu funds to get back on their feet , and your ukip meps will vote against it . 
  given that italy is a net contributor to the eu and one of the most wealthy countries in the world , i find it surprising that italy can only get back on its feet with eu funds . 
  ( my own country has just had floods too . ), 
   but well , i understand if you people do n't give a damn about my people . 
  as i have mentioned to you many times , i do give a damn about you people . 
  i have lived in italy for years and love italy and italians and italian culture . 
  i meet italian `` economic refugees '' all the time in london and have many italian friends . 
  i feel very sorry for some of them as they have given up hope in italy and , despite being professionals with good qualifications , come to london to work serving pizza . 
  i hear all the time `` italia e finita '' and sometimes `` italia e fotuta '' . 
  italy has huge problems and has basically not grown economically for 15 years . 
  and do you know what ? 
  none of these were any fault of `` my people '' . 
  none of these problems relate to ukip . 
  in my view , it was a mistake for italy to give up control of its monetary policy , but it seems like you are pleased it did . 
  my country gives 0.7 % of its budget in overseas aid each year . 
  but i 'd rather this aid went to the real poor in real poor countries rather than your own rich country . 
  the way i voted on thursday in no way hurts you . 
   trying to force the reforms that cameron wants with threats . 
  tsk tsk tsk . 
  [ it 's working . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/26oml8/commission_presidency_how_britain_fights_against/ ) what kind of reforms do you want anyway ? 
  do you want the uk to stay in the eu ? 
  this is not remotely surprising . 
  this has been in the pipeline for a while . 
  [ remember the coalition of countries that forced a cut in the eu budget ? 
  ] ( http://www.openeurope.org.uk/article/page/en/live?id=9905&amp;page=flashanalysis ) it was the uk , netherlands , denmark and sweden ( and then in the end germany ) . 
  this coalition did not just go away . 
  it is absolutely crucial to the uk 's renegotiation strategy and all these countries are among the most keen to keep the uk in the eu . 
  the difficulty is getting merkel on the same side as them . 
  they managed it for the eu budget . 
  i do n't see why they wo n't manage it for commission president . 
  [ angela is already starting to come round to the idea . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/10859756/david-cameron-wins-first-skirmish-in-battle-over-eu-top-job.html ), 
   so far the uk public has decided it does not want a referendum yet . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with this statement . 
  but i am still not sure what point you are making here or if there is any disagreement between us here !, 
  i think we both agree that people have different motivations for voting and this does n't seem controversial to me !, 
   sooo that would be by voting conservatives so cameron can force a referendum . 
  potentially i will vote conservative at the general election , but currently i am leaning towards ukip . 
  i will decide nearer the time . 
  for me , like most people , there is n't a party that completely reflect my views . 
  i disagree with ukip on many issues and i disagree with the conservatives on others and same with labour etc. 
  so i had to compromise or start my own political party  however , in my mind my vote for ukip in the european elections made the most sense . 
  it was the most efficient way to make want i want more likely . 
  there are still some conservatives who want the uk to integrate more with europe , not less !, 
  ( admittedly , that faction of the conservatives is now basically one dude ) . 
  ukip are closer to my views on europe than the conservatives are . 
   i 'm not sure what relation this has to the fact that the swiss issue is effectively paused while their government work out how to get voters to reverse the referendum . 
  is this what is happening ? 
  genuine question . 
  i thought the swiss government were religious when it came to referendums . 
  surely the swiss government was watching what happened in the eu elections and thought that this represents an opportunity for them ? 
  when people like hollande go on tv effectively asking for less europe , in my mind the swiss position suddenly gets easier . 
   the referendum they passed requires that the swiss government takes action within 3 years . 
  so legally they have n't actually reached the point at which a decision has to be made yet . 
  you 're correct . 
  but the negotiation will be very political . 
  and the politics just got dramatically more interesting and uncertain . 
  you were saying that the clegg v farage debate would help clegg . 
  it did n't . 
  then you were saying that in wales labour would be clear winner with second place between ukip and pc . 
  it turned out that ukip almost won in wales . 
  all bets are off . 
   i doubt we 'll see any change in our lifetimes . 
  personally i think we will be seeing change . 
  i think if it were just uk voting ukip , perhaps we would n't . 
  the eu is kind of used to the uk being difficult and arguably the eu already accepts uk exceptionalism . 
  but france just voted in the far right . 
  i ca n't see how change does n't happen . 
  this is the real story in my view . 
  it 's not really about the uk any more , it is about france . 
   luckily i have dual citizenship and can vote in uk elections . 
  ca n't all irish nationals vote in uk elections and vice versa ? 
  ( maybe this does not apply to eu elections , but know it applies to the uk general election etc ) . 
   while i do n't know their other policies , so far that sounds like the european conservatives & reformists . 
  agreed . 
  also afaik the ecr do n't currently have a german party ? 
  so i suspect that ecr might be their natural home . 
  of course , this being europe , almost anything is possible ... 
  and the same people that voted greens still voted greens ... 
   clearly the british public does not want a referendum then . 
  i 'm not sure how you reached this conclusion . 
   or he could ... you know . 
  just have a fucking referendum . 
  is that too much democracy ? 
  i agree with a referendum , of course .
