  it is not yet clear that british people want a referendum on the future negotiated deal , but if the british people do want a referendum on it , then of course there should be one . 
   i also do n't understand this . 
  you mean it 's as temporary as the uk 's eu membership was , where you also had the right to leave ? 
  in that case , i see no difference with the eu membership . 
  or do you have something else in mind ? 
  we are still at a very early stage in negotiations , so eea is really not certain . 
  brexit is not an event , but a process . 
  it began when the uk got an opt-out of the euro during the maastricht negotiations . 
  it will end in many years time . 
  the eea is not a final solution , the uk would only be in it temporarily . 
  the share of the uk 's trade which goes to the rest of the eea decreases each year . 
  now that the uk is free to make trade agreements with other countries , that trend will speed up . 
  at a certain point in the future the uk might likely leave the eea too . 
  or change it radically . 
   they won , but that does n't mean they gained . 
  looking at the outcome , i would add it to the list of great pyrrhic victories . 
  the outcome was what we wanted . 
  the uk public went into the polling station on 23 june , reflected on 40 years of membership of the eu project and decided to leave it . 
  that is a wonderful outcome for the uk and for europe . 
  it forces the uk government and governments across europe to dramatically rethink what citizens want . 
  we all benefit massively from this vote and we will all start seeing the positives soon . 
   if we do n't negotiate a right of residence ( which likes comes hand in hand with a right of eu citizens to reside in the uk ) , then we lose it for the whole eu . 
  individual member states ca n't strike up a bargain about this sort of thing , it 's not like you can get spain on the phone and make a deal where we have right of residence in spain but not elsewhere in the eu . 
  yes they can . 
  dealing with third countries is a competence of a member state , not the eu . 
   one thing that 's not going to happen , though , is british citizens having the right to live and work in the eu as they see fit if eu citizens do n't have the right to live and work in the uk under freedom of movement . 
  whether individual member states allow british citizens and on what terms is obviously a question for each individual member state and we should respect their democracies . 
  france has already said that british people currently in france can stay . 
  we should not be afraid of the democratic process in these countries , we should respect it . 
  if those british people are contributing to their host countries , it is likely that they will be able to stay . 
  if they are not contributing , we should really not expect them to be able to stay . 
   what you are saying is that the british people should be allowed to choose where they want to live , but the other europeans should n't be allowed to choose the british isle ? 
  no - i am saying that residence in other countries is complex and that ultimately it should come down to the democratic processes of the host country . 
  i am fine with democracy . 
   are n't you underwhelmed about the deal theresa may is negotiating ? 
  it looks like eea with some controls on migration that phase out after seven years . 
  what as of yet nothing is certain . 
  however , i consider the eea an improvement on the eu . 
  also , the eea would be temporary for the uk rather than permanent . 
   it shows the vacuousness of the brexit campaign in all its glory . 
  not really . 
  the brexit campaign has been one of the most successful campaigns in electoral history . 
   now , was that wilful misrepresentation ? 
  of course . 
  can they deliver on that ? 
  probably not . 
  but regardless of everything else , that 's what they said . 
  access to the single market is not the same as being in the single market . 
   no , there is n't . 
  the eu has been immovable on this issue , if you want access you need freedom of movement . 
  if you do n't , you do n't get access . 
  having access to the single market is not the same as being in the single market . 
  surely you understand this ? 
   the page that was famously edited after brexit won ? 
  putting that aside , you 're backpedalling ; [ no , it was discussed in a number of media sources that vote leave 's position was for the uk to leave the single market . 
  ] ( https://next.ft.com/content/0c5c74bc-151e-11e6-b197-a4af20d5575e ) either you never researched this or you misremembered . 
   clear as day , and clearly wrong . 
  countries all over the world have access to the single market . 
   so cameron was lying when he said he 'd trigger art 50 immediately ? 
  evidently yes he was . 
  as we all know , he did not trigger art 50 immediately . 
   why would he lie about that ? 
  to what benefit ? 
  he thought it would help remain win . 
   nigel farage is in favour of triggering it now . 
  is he lying to the british people ? 
  what farage says about article 50 is basically irrelevant because he has no power over when it is triggered . 
  farage is not part of the british government . 
  as to whether farage actually wants it triggered now or not ( i.e. 
  is he lying about it ) your guess is as good as mine . 
   if you do n't have freedom of movement you ca n't have single market access . 
  this is not quite true . 
  there is a difference between being in the single market and having access to the single market . 
  many countries have a degree of access to the single market , without having free movement . 
   if you do n't have single market acess you need a customs border . 
  it is not the single market that is the reason for a border , but the customs union . 
  the customs union and the single market are different things . 
  what i am arguing is that the uk does not need and should not put in place a border . 
  obviously , ireland is an independent country and it is for brussels to decide whether ireland should put in place a border on the irish side . 
  the uk ca n't decide that . 
   i understand that freedom of movement is not the same as border checks . 
  the problem from an irish point of view is that the average british person does n't care about the irish border . 
  i believe may herself has previously called for irish sea border , to combat terrorism . 
  there 's no love for the cta from london . 
  i am a british person living in london . 
  i am very fond of the cta . 
  the leave campaign were at pains to emphasise that the uk would not put in place border controls on a leave vote , exactly because they know that lots of people care about it . 
   it promised remaining in the single market while suffering none of the obligations of membership no , it did not promise remaining in the single market . 
  it argued that we should leave the single market but have a degree of access to it . 
  ] ( http://www.voteleavetakecontrol.org/briefing_newdeal ), 
   ok , but there 's a difference between free trade and unilateral free trade ... 
  but there is also a strong tradition of unilateral free trade among free traders and this has been something that the uk has also done in the past . 
  there are also a number of significant economists/journalists/politicians in the uk ( many of whom were connected with vote leave ) who have unilateral free trade positions . 
  so i do have some legitimate hope for it . 
  i also think that the uk embracing unilateral free trade will be good for europe as i think it will end up encouraging the eu to move faster towards free trade too . 
  this is one of the many advantages of brexit . 
   idiots like you do n't understand that the referendum was a disruption of the democratic process . 
  please stop insulting people . 
  it is in breach of the rules of the sub . 
  many thanks .
