  but do n't be afraid . 
  hey thanks . 
  there are unconfirmed reports of multiple injuries and bodies on the ground on westminster bridge . 
  motive and so forth uncertain . 
  as a londoner i am just going to get on with my normal day , trolling euphiles on reddit , doing my job , going to the gym and then a beer after work , walking home . 
  actually , since we voted leave there have already been huge changes to the eu and there will be far more to come . 
  i think disengaging is the best way to force eu reform . 
   stay safe everyone . 
  hey - thanks !, 
  we still do n't know if this one is terrorist related , but any crime in which innocent people are attacked is a worry . 
  we know that london is due for attack , and we also know that lots of attacks get caught beforehand . 
  but when it happens it wo n't be easy . 
  edit - it now seems that the police are treating this `` as a terrorist attack until we know otherwise '' . 
  let 's hope that brexit will be the trigger to get rid of it completely . 
  we can all keep improving !, 
  some countries currently get a rebate on the rebate though . 
  they are not going to want to lose that . 
  presumably the eu will want access to its financial centre . 
  there are no tariffs on the provision of financial services . 
  if the eu is against free trade , then of course we were right to leave it . 
  i am pro free trade . 
  the uk can remove tariffs against imports from the rest of the world . 
  that 's what i am looking forwards to . 
   it 's not completely wrong . 
  we could argue about this forever , but i do n't consider it `` completely wrong '' in any form in such volatile times . 
  if we look at the period between the referendum and now , the vast majority of economists who made predictions prior to the referendum and in the weeks afterwards got their predictions completely wrong . 
  we already know this . 
   and you still pretty much wo n't find anyone who will tell you brexit is an economical good . 
  actually , some economists do think it is a good . 
  that does not make them nutters . 
  so far they have been the most accurate . 
   i work with predictions that are off where methods can be corrected and improved , you work with conjecture . 
  you need , therefore , to admit that you made massive mistakes about the aftermath of the referendum . 
  i did not make mistakes , i was correct . 
   in either case , wage growth is slowing and inflation is rising sharply , so i strongly doubt that my statement wo n't be correct , and i do n't think you can say that inflation is not due to brexit . 
  inflation in the uk is currently 0.1 % higher than germany and iirc significantly lower than the us . 
  inflation in the eurozone generally has surged in recent months too . 
  the main reason for all three has been rising energy costs . 
  it will be interesting to see wage growth next time figures are produced , but personally i think that they will be higher than inflation , given the very low unemployment figures . 
   and again , things point towards moving to the other side of the zero line pretty soon . 
  i disagree on this . 
  i expect that the uk will have continued good growth in 2017 . 
  in fact it looks like a good year for global growth . 
  the thing about opportunity costs is that we can never know the counterfactual . 
  this is simply speculation on both our behalves . 
   jealous ? 
  excited ? 
  oh yes !, 
  whatever how this all ends , we 're living interesting times . 
  and this is the beauty of the european project , we can all say fuck to brussells sometimes and not to each other !, 
  prediction : this will be like 1789 . 
  uk will leave the eu in an evolutionary way , but france will soon do something revolutionary !, 
   sure , things vary around a mean . 
  might be off by a bit here and there . 
  no , this is not the case . 
  the uk economy did vastly better post referendum than economists predicted . 
  upgrades were significant . 
  it was n't a case of `` varying around a mean '' . 
  it was a case of getting the fundamental analysis completely wrong . 
   what you ca n't find is a consensus that points towards brexit being a good thing in any kind of way . 
  given that the economic consensus of the impact of the vote turned out to be completely wrong , you should , if you are intellectually honest , acknowledge that it could be wrong in the long-term . 
   wage growth is actually below inflation as of january . 
  less real money in real people 's pockets . 
  nice try , but the inflation figures you linked to were n't for january . 
  you need to compare like with like . 
   or he 's just an alcoholic captain named after a fish , whose past glory is long gone and needs a friend from brussels to constantly save him . 
  i actually think a lot of you moody parisians are secretly jealous and excited by brexit . 
  i know that you french would , in your hearts , dearly love to tell brussels to fuck off sometimes . 
  now we are actually doing it , can you believe that ?!, 
  just as the picture shows , we are setting fire to the arrangement !, 
  is n't that wonderful ? 
   you mean the ones that were predicted with a50 being notified within a week ? 
  yeah , predictions are based on current world knowledge and change when circumstances change . 
  that 's how it works . 
  if your predictions are made on assumptions which are clearly false , than your predictions are not reliable . 
  but note that many economists made predictions well after the referendum had taken place and the uk had already not triggered article 50 and they also got things completely wrong too . 
   wage growth is down , inflation is sharply up , the trade deficit is widening , and ons cut it 's growth estimate for all of 2016 . 
  wage growth is down to how much ? 
  oh , that 's right , still level with inflation . 
  inflation is what , 0.1 % higher than german inflation ? 
  ons cut its growth estimate because growth was slower than it thought before the referendum . 
  growth was high in q3 and q4 2016 . 
   but sure , brexit is fucking amazing . 
  on a more positive note , perhaps you will now leave the uk ? 
   you really think that the wto will kick out the eu so 27 countries from the wto to keep the uk happy ? 
  no country will be kicked out of the wto , not the uk , not the eu . 
   are likely to eventually resemble the eu more no , this is very unlikely . 
  how many economists correctly predicted the impact of the vote to leave on the uk 's economy ? 
  they all got it wrong . 
  i hope not , but we both know how crazy spain and france can be at times , 
   i think the world consider eu staying in wto more important than the uk to be fair - trade between 450 m is to trading partners more important than 65 m actually , it is not a question of either the uk or the eu leaving the wto . 
  the wto will be most favourable towards the party that is most committed to free trade . 
  the uk has already made clear that it wants to reduce tariffs . 
  it would be great if the eu also wants to commit to free trade . 
   the ease of travel for european tourists to enter greece greece can do this unilaterally . 
  you do n't need to be in the eu to let tourists come to your country . 
  also , just in case you were n't aware , in the brexit negotiations you guys need to take our side . 
  anglo-portuguese alliance is far more historic and important than the eu ... 
  in return you can have zimbabwe and malawi . 
  joke 's on them , captain haddock had all the best lines and at least he is sitting back , getting drunk and having fun !,
