   the issue was not a currency issues , and i would have thought that the once largest borrower from the imf would be understanding of that . 
  it was a solvency issue once we integrated a sufficient amount of our financial systems . 
  the issue came about because of the euro . 
   the continuous difficulty in english-speakers to correctly identify it as a world problem after the massive bank bailouts following the american mortgage crisis is frustrating and outstanding . 
  actually , the eurozone crisis would have happened in the end whether or not the sub-prime crisis occurred . 
  this is one of the main reasons why the eu can not thrive . 
  it does not have self-correcting mechanisms . 
  the eu still can not admit that it screwed up with the currency . 
  this is of course scandalous , but it means that it will carry on repeating the same mistakes . 
   i personally think that it is pretty important for the media to be held accountable for the stuff that they produce agreed - but they are held accountable by consumers . 
   the roaming rules as they previously were , totally made it possible for telecom providers to scam foreigners out of their hard earned money , and with no backlash ( since they 're not potential clients , since they 're living abroad ) . 
  this is just a bad situation to let the free market forces dominate . 
  if the eu can control prices , why do n't they just ask phone companies to reduce all their prices by x amount ? 
  are you really expecting phone companies to have lower profits just because the eu asks them to reduce prices ? 
   they did , but they could n't do anything about microsoft or google , because there is no way for such a small country to regulate the actions of such large companies and sectors . 
  companies without borders can not be regulated inside borders the eu can not do anything about google that a small country can not do . 
   i 've never seen you come up with an example of this . 
  okay - cjeu ruling on equal pricing on car insurance for men and women . 
  in my mind this should be a decision for national democracies , not the eu . 
   and if the media is portraying the eu in a negative light yeah , it sucks to have a free press if you are the eu , i agree . 
   which is an argument for the legally allowed , but incorrect . 
  the uk has the legal ability to veto , but arguably not the moral authority in the face of a clear majority . 
  i disagree on this . 
  the uk government is answerable to the british people for its actions , not answerable to other governments . 
   it 's a tool that inevitably undermines democratic voting it impacts voting , but it does not undermine democratic voting , because it is not a case of a people voting about how they are governed . 
   that 's if you consider the price payed collectively worth the benefit to the individual . 
  the `` right to protect it 's own interest '' also work for someone who over-grazes a common pasture . 
  he has a right to overuse , it 's common , but then we know the parable of the tragedy involved . 
  the majority should really have thought about that before they created a common currency , particularly because they were specifically and clearly warned by the uk what would happen . 
  they ca n't then very well blame the uk afterwards . 
   the roaming rules for telecom providers . 
  there is absolutely 0 % chance our national parliament ( chances for yours probably are n't higher ) would ever make a single step towards taking care of something like that . 
  i personally do n't think it is the job of government to set prices for things . 
  in my mind it is the job of markets to do that . 
  the government should simply ensure that there is a competitive market . 
   in regards to competition and rules regarding take-overs . 
  the dutch parliament does have a say regarding take overs of dutch companies , concerning the dutch market , but the eu is the only way to stop multinationals from acquiring a majority share in the european market as a whole . 
  did the netherlands not have laws relating to competition before it joined the european project ? 
  that surprises me a bit . 
   i would want to know what powers they are specifically scared about giving up , since i find this abstract vague talk always very damaging to the discussion . 
  i always think ` curved banana 's ' when i see these types of arguments , and there is a reason for it . 
  eu deals with very boring topics , generally not very political questions . 
  personally i do n't find discussions about law boring ( lawyer here  ) but in my view many things that the eu does directly impact peoples lives and the way societies are organised . 
   it is not inevitable and plenty of politicians across the eu do n't . 
  in every single member state it occurs . 
  this is because the eu legislative process is complex , happens partially behind closed doors and is very removed from the citizen . 
   and if people took more of an interest in eu politics it would be harder to do do n't blame the people here . 
  if the people and the institutions do n't match , it is the institutions that should be changed , not the people . 
   by vetoing the uk broke the legislative system , and in consequence the rule of law and uniformity . 
  the uk was within its legal rights to veto it . 
  the uk did not break the legislative system or the rule of law or uniformity , because the uk did what it was entirely entitled to do . 
   the result agreement was a patchwork one that turned the entire thing into a farce . 
  you underestimate the damage done , but as sykorky 's leaked tape shows , the rest of the eu leaders did n't . 
  i agree , it was a farce . 
  though not the uk 's farce . 
  the uk was of course right to protect its own interests . 
   it is in fact possible to give more powers to the eu without removing powers from member states . 
  you will find out about how this works really soon i suspect , since the brexit will show britain that many tasks the eu were handling , were actually not previously handled by the national governments , they were rather created from thin air , in order to deal with changes in society that demanded political action . 
  for example ? 
   regardless , even if the eu was `` taking powers '' away , it would still not constitute the dismantling of national parliaments . 
  it would be the national parliaments ceding a specific task to an organisation , willingly and knowingly , for the sake of pragmatism , efficiency and because the legislation concerns subjects that do not require very different approaches for different countries . 
  i specifically did not write the dismantling of national parliaments , but the dismantling of national democracies . 
  the parliaments will still exist , but with less of a function than they previously had . 
  again , i accept that you might want your parliament to have fewer powers . 
  but remember that there are other people who disagree with you . 
  also consider the fact that powers only move away from your national parliament towards the eu - once the eu gets a power it never gives it away . 
   and just use it as a scapegoat for bad decision making it is not just the uk that does this , but every member state that does this . 
  it is an inevitable consequence of the way the eu is designed . 
  it is part of the deal . 
   they did through official eu channels , but you 're now being pedantic . 
  it was clear from the context that the entire incident resulted from the fact that britain vetoed it . 
  i am not being pedantic . 
  nothing was derailed if the eurozone ended up getting what it wanted . 
  i am being precise . 
   all members of the eu are members of the single market , which means all members should have a say in how it is governed . 
  the same is n't true of the eurozone . 
  but because the eurozone does not have effective institutions of its own , it has to use the single market to push forward things which are necessary for its own success via the single market . 
  these things then influence the rest of the non-eurozone single market , sometimes to their detriment . 
   multi-speed europe already existed . 
  the major divergence came from the first major official opt-outs that member states got was from the maastricht treaty . 
  these things were not welcomed . 
  they were opt outs and derogations and seen as temporary . 
  each new member was required , as part of membership , to adopt or work towards the entire acquis . 
  we may now end up with an entirely new arrangement wherein for example sweden gets a specific opt-out of the requirement to join the euro . 
   i 've already prepared for the disappearance of the eu in 10 years . 
  personally i do not think it is weak enough to die or strong enough to thrive . 
  i think the most likely scenario is for it to continue along the same kind of track as the last few years : amend , extend and pretend . 
  but we live in uncertain times - anything is possible . 
  let 's see what the current election cycle brings . 
   no , the compact was negotiated outside of the eu framework , but they essentially wrote that the treaty 's provisions would be implemented by the eu institutions . 
  it was a cheap , but still legal way to get around the rules . 
  this essentially means that the uk was not , to use your own words , able to `` derail something that is necessary for the rest '' . 
   rather that non-eurozone members should not be able to influence the policy of the eurozone . 
  this only works if the eurozone members also can not influence the policy of the non-eurozone members . 
  however , because in practice a huge amount of legislation is single market legislation it applies both to eurozone and non-eurozone members , despite the fact that these have different needs . 
   i was advocating for a more strict implementation of multi-speed europe than exists currently . 
  this has been one of the many good consequences to have come from brexit . 
  the uk , which was pushing for a multi-speed eu hard , is now getting what it wanted partly because we voted leave . 
   it worked so well in a certain country that they are actually intending on leaving and so now have to face the problems head on . 
  this is one of the many wonderful things about brexit and one of the main reasons i voted for it .
