  just like those countries do not want to be in the eu , the uk will also not want to be in the eu . 
  enough of your bigotry . 
  the gats ( general agreement on trade in services ) is part of the wto framework . 
   i 'm sure if those countries had the choice between either full membership , or not being in the common market , they 'd choose full membership i have not seen any data to support this . 
   if that 's the case , then they would n't be comparable to the uk , which opted for the opposite . 
  even if it were the case , they are still relevant examples as they have previously considered being in the eu and then opted to be outside the eu , a bit like the uk . 
  the fact that they have chosen to be outside the eu with different models from the uk 's model of being outside the eu is not the main point here . 
  the main point is that peoples sometimes consolidate round not wanting to be in the eu . 
  i think that just as those countries have consolidated around not wanting to be in the eu , so too will the uk . 
   yes , and that will take decades . 
  replicating the current arrangements will be done by the time we leave the eu . 
   what 's more they are unlikely to be of the same quality . 
  eu trade deals that take long to negotiate result in extensive market access , whereas the ones organised by the efta alone , for example , are far shallower in scope . 
  once we leave the eu , we can then improve those deals further . 
  because we are not going to be part of the single market , we can make them far deeper in scope than efta can . 
  we have pretty much the same deal as the uk had , minus being able to vote on eu matters . 
  why would a people in favour of brexit want this model for themselves ? 
  we do n't want your model . 
  we do not want to be in the single market . 
  our government has been clear that we will not have your model . 
   i assumed you meant remaining outside the eu , in comparable situations to norway , iceland , and switzerland . 
  no , i meant that just as a majority of the people in norway , iceland and switzerland are in favour of remaining outside the eu , so to will the majority of the people in the uk . 
   if you did n't mean that second part and only meant simply outside the eu , then could n't your examples may as well have been brazil , japan and uzbekistan ? 
  no , those countries would not be relevant because they have never contemplated eu membership . 
   i assumed there was a reason you chose those specific countries . 
  was i wrong ? 
  i did choose them for a specific reason : they are in europe , have considered joining the eu in the past but recently their populations have consolidated around not wanting to be in the eu . 
   leaving the eu is an act of decreasing free trade and increasing protectionism . 
  no it is n't . 
  the uk can reduce tariffs and reduce ntbs outside the eu . 
   what countries besides the us ( and japan , because that deal is almost finished ) can the uk strike a beneficial trade deal with and how would that compensate for the loss of the entire eu single market ? 
  the uk is n't losing the entire eu single market , it is just leaving the single market . 
  the uk can put in place ftas with the whole world , including ftas which are more ambitious than those that the eu has . 
   and that there 's immense long-lasting political benefits for the eu to giving the uk no deal : no deal with the uk basically guarantees the survival of the eu . 
  it is in the eu 's economic interests to have a fta with the uk . 
  obviously , if politically it is not in the interests of the eu to have a fta with the uk , then there wo n't be one . 
  but this is exactly why the uk had to leave the eu : the eu is not committed to making sensible decisions . 
   you advocated for the uk being more like norway , iceland and switzerland . 
  they are all in the single market , including freedom of movement . 
  i am not advocating for the uk to be in the single market . 
  i am making the point that countries , once they decide not to be in the eu , can then entrench themselves in that position . 
  what is crazy is that the uk , a country well known for having a good tradition of pop music , somehow sends our worst people to eurovision ... 
   without the dislikability of actually being english . 
  they all have their own reasons for not wanting to be in the eu , which have consolidated over time . 
  the fact that the uk may have different reasons for not wanting to be in the eu does not make me think that the uk will suddenly start wanting to be in the eu . 
  somehow the fact that it is not just hospitals in england being targeted makes me feel better . 
  not sure why . 
   why would those countries be interested in agreeing to the same deals when uk alone , as a much smaller trade area , would be in a much weaker bargaining position ? 
  if those countries want greater free trade , that is fantastic . 
  i hope that they do want the uk to reduce regulatory barriers so that we can do more trade with them . 
   norway , iceland and switzerland follow most eu law and are part of the single market . 
  yes , the uk will not do that . 
   in comparing economic prosperity ( using gross national product per person ) , the british record was one of steady downward slippage from seventh place in the world in 1950 , to 12th in 1965 , to 20th in 1975 . '', 
  thatcher caused our prosperity . 
   removing tariffs ... like we did in a certain union we 've been in for decades you mean ? 
  with the rest of the world . 
   in trade agreements !? 
  when we have no competence over trade ?!, 
  when we leave the eu we will replicate the trade deals that the eu has with third countries . 
   can you really blame her for commiting to this particular career path , considering how unlikely it was that brexit would pass ? 
  it was not unlikely . 
  for years the eu has been very unpopular in the uk . 
  for years there have been polls that have suggested that the referendum might be very close . 
   maybe have a bit of empathy for someone who 's going to be in for a difficult time against their will . 
  i always have sympathy for people that are unable to work through no fault of their own . 
  she is not really in that position . 
  uk job market is very healthy . 
   i guess it depends what he means by that . 
  consider something like a recession , the end of the recession just means a return to growth , it does n't mean that the economy is back to where it would have been , had the recession never happened . 
  your wages are still lower than they could have been , and i 've read about studies showing that if you begin your career in a recession , the effect that has on your wage continues for the rest of your career . 
  i do n't think anybody would sensibly predict the uk is about to experience a 20 year recession , but i do think its possible that the pain of a uk recession ( which i do think will happen because of brexit ) could still be felt 20 years from now . 
  and i do think there will be a lot of resentment over that , though whether it is aimed at the brexit decision or just the eu is anybodies guess right now . 
  what you have described is not 20 years of economic pain under anyone 's definition . 
  while i agree that the effects of a recession last longer than the recession itself , it is a bit misleading to call that whole time economic pain . 
  both the uk and ireland have , for example , experience severe recessions within the last decade which they have emerged from . 
  those recessions were painful . 
  while we are still both experiencing the consequences of them , it is a twist of normal language to pretend that there is economic pain at the moment in either the uk or ireland . 
   which i do think will happen because of brexit serious economists disagree with you here . 
  we are currently ahead of where the eu is now . 
   the bulk of the eu regulatory load is to do with environment , climate and workers rights - you object to those ? 
  actually , i do object to the eu having control of workers rights in the uk . 
  that should be for the uk parliament to decide , so that the british people have greater oversight over laws that impact them . 
   pity that 's not going to happen . 
  we 'll need to negotiate new deals with all of them after we leave , and that takes significant time . 
  no , this is wrong . 
  mexico and the uk can commit to trading on the existing terms . 
  amending the agreements is an administrative exercise that can be done easily before we leave the eu . 
   i think it 's in our interests as a society to look after the long term value of land , not just farm it as agressively as possible for the cheapest possible price . 
  that takes either regulation or subsidies , or some combination . 
  obviously , the uk will regulate land use . 
  that does not mean we should be in the cap . 
   our current food situation is about as good as we could hope . 
  i sincerely hope brexit does n't take us back to the food shortages of the 70s - a situation we 've managed to avoid repeating by virtue of being in the cap . 
  as mentioned , we will have more abundant and cheaper food once we reduce tariffs on food . 
   we 're a services nation that already has a significant trade deficit . 
  we 're about to lose access to our largest export market for services . 
  we are not about to lose that market . 
  we will of course keep exporting services to the eu once we leave the eu . 
   food prices vary wildly across the eu . 
  poland 's food prices are about 65 % of the global average , while in the eu .
