  i personally speak french , spanish and italian , but this has no real business advantage . 
  no , cameron ca n't speak german . 
  it 's not cameron 's fault that english is the international language !, 
  dude - england did n't colonise scotland . 
  i guess there are two things i like about the eu and these are the single market and the expansion eastwards . 
  ( guess which nation has been the biggest proponent of these two policies ?! ), 
  i 'd actually prefer the eu to deepen the single market and include a single market for services and so forth . 
  i 'd also like to try and welcome as many countries as possible into as much of the free market as possible , ukraine , turkey , morocco , russia , norway , canada etc. 
  however , i do n't like the protectionism ( e.g. 
  cap ) or the nation building ( anthem ? 
  flag ? 
  common security policy ? 
  two separate parliament buildings ? ), 
  seriously ? 
  the english and the french have been snubbing each other for the last millennium . 
  the french are out meilleurs ennemis and they give as good as they get !, 
  the reality it that merkel is key to the uk renegotiation strategy while hollande is n't . 
  for diplomatic reasons i would expect merkel will want to speak in english . 
  also , she and cameron are good friends , so i expect she will also speak in english as a personal favour to him . 
  the interesting thing here as a matter of diplomacy is that angela gets an audience with the queen and to address parliament , while all francois got was a lunch in a pub . 
  angela is the key to uk 's renegotiation . 
  she 's hardly going to address the english parliament in russian , is she ... she will obviously be speaking english . 
  no - the uk could continue to be a nation trading with the whole world without being beholden to the stagnating european economy . 
  dude , we got told this when we did n't join the euro . 
  we were told we were too woven in to the european economy . 
  it turned out we were right then that we could ( and should ) stay out of the euro . 
  and of course we could also stay out of the eu too . 
  why would all uk property in france and spain ever have to be sold ? 
  you do n't have to be part of the eu to own property in france and spain , plenty of americans own property in both those countries . 
  this comment shows that you do n't really know what you are talking about . 
  also , what do you think forcing uk property owners to sell their property in spain do to property prices in spain ? 
  i 'm pretty sure nobody in spain wants that crash to go even lower ... 
  the eu is n't 80 % of uk 's trade . 
  a free trade agreement with the eu would suit the uk fine . 
  hahaha !!, 
  dude - just so you know , you do n't have to be a scandi to know that the eu has cultural flaws . 
  this is also very evident of you are an anglo-saxon ... 
  scotland could do fine outside the pound . 
  anyway , if scotland wants independence , why should england be forced into a currency union with scotland ? 
  dude - the situations with the uk and spain are not comparable . 
  in the uk there is a legal process and the uk government has given scotland a legal and binding referendum . 
  in spain they have n't . 
  it is right that the uk government explains to scotland that if they want independence , the ruk tax-payer will no longer be responsible for bailing out scottish banks etc. 
   i seriously doubt that 's a significant reason for why the uk has stayed in the eu . 
  britain being too small to prosper outside the eu is something that british eusceptics frequently hear . 
  here you can see data from the [ world bank on net capital outflow ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/bm.klt.dinv.gd.zs ) . 
  as you can see , net capital outflow from denmark is pretty similar to germany , netherlands , france etc. 
  i 'm not sure why you think joining the euro would change that . 
   but really , are you honestly claiming that what works for iceland must work for britain ? 
  no , and if you read what i wrote you 'll see i did n't claim that . 
  my claim is that if iceland can do fine outside the eu , claims that the uk is too small to be outside the eu are refuted . 
  and ? 
  if the uk leaves the eu , germany is hardly going to invade us , is it ? 
   you 're no iceland . 
  true . 
  britain is a lot bigger than iceland . 
  my point still stands though . 
  if iceland can do fine outside the eu , why not also britain ? 
  so let 's get this straight , tiny iceland with circa 300k inhabitants manages outside the eu , but somehow pro-eu brits think that the uk is too small to be outside the eu ? 
   oh , but we have already done that and spain did n't accept it ( that 's the point of this thread , by the way ) . 
  our president said a while ago that 'd love to deal with the english gov instead of rajoy . 
  sadly , the meaning of democracy is n't the same here , and they call us `` anti-democratic '' for the fact that we want to vote ( which honestly , that does n't make a lot of sense ) thing is , if eu does n't help us , i 'm afraid that we 'll have to seccede uniretally from spain ( after making our own referendum with the catalan gov supervising it of course - and not the spanish , since they say that they 'll never allow it - ) i hear what you 're saying and my strong belief is in the right of a people to self-determination and the right of the catalans to have a vote on this and i support the catalan referendum . 
  my strong preference would be for spain to be able to sort this out itself , rather than the international community needing to be involved . 
  for example , i would be extremely offended if barosso ( or others in the internation community ) put pressure on the uk government in relation to the question of scotland and my strong belief is that it is best for the uk , as a functioning democracy , to manage this process itself , using negotiation and voting . 
  seeing this process work well in the uk makes me believe that it should also be able to work in spain . 
  i guess i just think the international community should only put pressure on spain at the last possible moment . 
  if catalonia gets a majority in the referendum and declares independence unilaterally , then i think the uk should , on balance , recognise catalonia as an indpendent nation . 
  but i would prefer this to happen via a negotiation process between catalonia and spain . 
   there is an outflow of capital already . 
  this article is not about outflow of capital . 
  it is about lack of foreign investment in denmark . 
  and it is not to do with what currency denmark has or whether denmark 's currency peg will break . 
  dude , denmark has already in its history broken pegs with the german mark , the british pound and the us dollar , all relatively painlessly . 
  dude , there 's no point citing britain and the erm because that is the exact opposite of denmark and the euro . 
  britain struggled in the erm because its economy could not compete . 
  after breaking out , britain 's economy boomed . 
  denmark is n't in this position though . 
  investors in the last few years have been desperately buying danish krone because it is a safe-haven . 
   all i remember is britain 's economy suffering a minor collapse after being forced to exit erm 1 . 
  it was called black wednesday . 
  fortunately the economy recovered afterwards , but that does n't sound particularly `` easy '' , granted there were probably very different situations involved . 
   that is different . 
  the volatility due to the krone float is already priced in the market . 
  i would guess that all swedish manufacturers are hedged against currency swings . 
  if it became likely that denmark would break the peg with the euro and that the currency would appreciate against the euro , then danish corporates would purchase currency hedges . 
  this does n't mean that currency would flow out the country though . 
  this is denmark we 're talking about , not greece . 
  denmark has many good businesses and is a strong exporter . 
  they will still have those businesses even if they break the peg . 
   i do n't believe there should be laws punishing hate speech agreed . 
  there is no right not to be offended . 
   i do n't think we have ukip in denmark . 
  dkip ? 
  if they do n't exist you should start them . 
  when uk leaves the eu we hope our danish friends and allies remember us . 
   as if a people should n't be allowed to decide stuff for themselves . 
  viking83 - vote for ukip and take back control of your own destiny !, 
   they ca n't . 
  the capital would flow out of the country . 
  it would n't .
