  britain needs to man up . 
   why would you spend money from your national budget when , from the same national budget , you 've contributed to this eu fund for disasters ? 
  you 're government is paying twice for the same thing , ffs and you 're ok with it because you hate the eu ? 
  i 'm a strong believer in the eu principal of subsidiarity . 
  if an action can be handled by a local or national entity , it does not make sense for it to be handled by an eu entity . 
  to me it seems like having all the benefits but none of the downsides . 
   real question : do you guys have enough to fix it on your own ? 
  last year we gave # 13 billion in overseas aid . 
  i think we have enough to fix it on our own . 
  it is just a question about choices . 
   someone died that 's very sad for that person 's family etc , but is this a disaster ? 
  any idea how many people die in traffic accidents every day ? 
   thousends of people have lost their homes and assets . 
  most people will be insured . 
   without relief for those who have lost everything it would be extremely hard to get back on their feet on their own . 
  the uk can ( and is ) providing relief . 
   maybe they do n't , but if there are mutualised funds for these emergencies , not using them can be later used to say `` you see , we contribute more than we receive , we 'd be better off doing our own stuff '' . 
  i agree with you , the reason not to use the mutualised funds are partly political . 
  however , is there really a need ( in the case of the uk ) for these funds to be mutualised in the first place ? 
   he does look a bit like a serial killer . 
  is that his normal look , or is it a `` flood look '' ? 
  its his normal look . 
   this is like saying countries within the eurozone have no real independence because there is a european central bank obviously , eurozone nations do not have an independent monetary policy . 
  eurozone nations also have less independence in relation to national budgets because of the fiscal compact . 
  if iscotland and ruk entered into a formal currency union , then it is likely that the terms of that currency union would mean that iscotland would not be able to have a monetary policy that was different from ruk 's . 
  and , likely , ruk would have some control over iscotland 's budgets . 
  essentially , if scotland wants independence but to keep the pound , they are trying to end one union but start another ( on somewhat similar terms ) . 
   it 's free cash . 
  nothing is ever free . 
   i thought ireland was in the piigs because they bailed out their banks to an insane amount , not because they had bad policies . 
  ireland is now a former pig . 
  its not quite the celtic tiger , but it is certainly not a pig . 
  ireland did decide to guarantee the debts of the banks without knowing the size of those debts . 
  ( this is quite a bad policy if you think about it . 
  however , intense pressure was put upon them to adopt this policy . 
  so , arguably , it was not their fault . ), 
  one of the reasons why irish banks had such large debts was because the interest rates , set by the european central bank were effectively negative , and out of line with what might have been sensible for an economy like ireland 's . 
  arguably , this was also not ireland 's fault because they did not choose these interest rates . 
  however , they did choose to by in the euro . 
   the nationalist will never let it happen you can bet on that . 
  ftfy the voters will never let it happen you can bet on that . 
   when did `` help '' become a four letter word ? 
  surely it does n't make sense to ask the eu for help if the uk does n't need that help ? 
  as a matter of logic , surely the uk should work out whether or not it needs the help first ? 
   any reason why ? 
  i mean i heard they got a ton of slack for the way it was being handled on the news . 
  there is money left . 
  the uk for example spent # 11 billion in overseas aid in 2013 . 
  its just a question of choices about what we do with our money . 
   even more generally , they probably just do n't want to admit that they need the eu 's help . 
  does the uk need the eu 's help here ? 
  surely this is something that the uk could pay for if the uk wanted to pay for it ? 
  if the uk can afford it , why would the uk ask for the eu 's help ? 
   it seems they really put a tremendous amount of money whose money ? 
  it do n't think it will make a direct difference as even if eusceptic parties do well they still wo n't have enough seats to interfere with the eu 's legislative/policy agenda , they will just be a more vocal minority . 
  the difference it will make is to the larger debate about integration and the direction of europe generally and this may cause eufederalists and integrationists to pause for thought . 
  the biggest difference will be felt in the domestic politics of those member states where there is a significant eusceptic vote . 
  there are basically shows on tv in the uk every day about how to buy property in spain and stuff . 
  i agree with what you have written . 
  it is also a bit surprising that the same thing has n't happened with portugal . 
  maybe they are next !, 
  huge demand and low supply !, 
  the south east of england needs to build dramatically more houses otherwise prices will go up and up . 
  do any of these brits stay in romania to work once their studies are done ? 
  there is a lot less paying at source than in some other countries . 
  i used to work in italy as a lawyer ( libero professionjsta ) and as such paid taxes my taxes were not deducted at source and had to be paid separately . 
  pretty much all lawyers in italy find it very easy to evade taxes by getting a good tax accountant and claiming deductions for things that do n't contribute to work . 
  in the uk most lawyers have taxes deducted at source so ca n't avoid . 
  pretty much . 
  hot weather and cheap houses . 
  brits go to spain to retire . 
  if you are in your 60s and own property in the uk you can sell up and live the rest of your days under the sunny skies of spain drinking rioja and eating paella . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  if the eu were competing as one entity , they would not be able to send so many athletes ( so would not have won this many medals ) . 
  of course there is a difference between a people and a government . 
  for one thing , people vote differently and some people will not have wanted a particular government to be in place . 
  for another thing , actions governments take are not necessarily something that the people that voted for could have predicted . 
  to say something like `` i hate the actions of the american government , therefore i hate the american people '' is very bigotted . 
   it 's just that highly connected economies like those of the eu can profit from having a common currency . 
  i know that the baltic and the scandinavian states trade very much with each other . 
  being in the euro does n't just mean you have a common currency with highly connected economies . 
  if it did , then things would be fine and perhaps sweden would now be considering joining . 
  but it also means that you also have a common currency with economies that are n't connected , like greece . 
  edit to respond to your edit . 
   and even then it could be argued that it increases your freedom because you are free from what your religion impose on you . 
  there are two kinds of freedom , freedom `` to '' and freedom `` from '' . 
  of the two , the uk mindset much prefers freedom `` to '' . 
  freedom `` from '' , something that the french prefer , is just another way of the state imposing values on people rather than allowing people to select their own values . 
   well i would n't put it that way . 
  i 'd say that your notion of liberty is just less restrictive because your law does n't have the secularism part . 
  i 'm pretty sure we share the same definition of liberty `` free to do whatever you want up to the point where it conflicts with the law '' . 
  yes , but the very fact that our law does n't have secularism while your law does have secularism is indicative of a different approach to freedom . 
  ( i deliberately use the anglo-saxon word `` freedom '' rather than the french word `` liberty '' ... )  if we want to understand each other ; just let us cut your queen 's head . 
  it 's small price to pay . 
  and as a bonus for us , she will not become the longest reigning monarch of europe ( ahead of louis xiv ) !!, 
  yet more differences between us : we prefer evolution and you prefer revolution . 
  we prefer pragmatism while you prefer idealism . 
  rather than qe2 being beheaded , why ca n't she just become queen of france as well ? 
  in many ways the english would prefer to be in a kingdom with france than a kingdom with scotland and arguably this is just how history should have been .
